 Now, it's time.
 May I start the presentation on transforming Toshiba to enhance shareholder value and FY21
 and second quarter consolidated business results.
 We are organizing this presentation session on an online basis from four to five o'clock.
 we will be presenting from our side
 and followed by a 30-minute question session for the media.
 The questions from analysts and investors will be accepted from 5.30 to 6 o'clock Japan time.
 please be aware of that. Now, we will be collecting questions via telephone conferencing system.
 As is informed to you beforehand, the conference call system will require the pre-registration beforehand.
 Let me introduce the presenter today, President and CEO Satoshi Tsunakawa.
 Corporate Senior Executive Vice President Mamoru Hatazawa
 Representative Executive Officer, Corporate Executive Vice President and CFO Masayoshi Hirata
 Thank you.
 We have a chairperson of the Strategic Review Committee outside Director, Paul Broff.
 who is joining from Hong Kong online.
 My name is Hara of Communications, Corporate Communication Department.
 we are providing simultaneous transition
 so if you are watching
 that live streaming in Dapping It,
 you'll be able to hear
 translation's voice. Please be aware
 that. First, before
 going into transforming Toshiba
 to enhance Shihara's value, may I have Mr. Tanaka to say a few words upon the receipt
 of the report from Governance Enhancement Committee today.
 Mr. Tsunakawa, please
 Now, first of all, I'd like to say a few words on behalf of the company upon the report of the Government Assessment Committee.
 first off
 I'd like to express profound appreciation to the members of the Governor's Enhancement Committee
 who have made tremendous efforts and time
 since their appointment to investigate the root cause of the issue
 raised in the investigation report
 clarify where the responsibility lies
 and compiled recommendations for formulating the measures to prevent recurrence. I recognize that
 the Toshiba's Governor's Assessment Committee
 based on the strong belief
 that restructuring of the governors
 is essential for the revival of the Toshiba has compiled a report for our future.
 In fact, no issue of illegality was discovered, according to the report of the Governor Enhancement Committee,
 having said that though
 I feel as a part
 of the senior management of the company,
 I am extremely ashamed and embarrassed that the senior members of the company and their actions was concluded that an act as a whole violates the corporate ethics demanded by the market.
 We have just received a final report of the Governors Enhance Committee,
 but we will continue to discuss
 the governors seriously
 within the company based on the contents
 of the report, including recommendations
 for the formulation of the Bricornis Provincial Mediates.
 We believe that these recurrent provincial measures
 will form the very first step to restore the trust of the shareholders
 which have been destroyed so far.
 Now, one of the group's philosophy is doing the right thing.
 Many employees on the front lines of operations are working day-to-day based on this value.
 on the other hand
 I believe that
 some of the members
 of the singing management were acted quite differently
 from this policy
 and that should be sincerely remorsed over.
 The corporate management is established based on the trust relationship with all stakeholders.
 The Governor Assessment Committee also pointed out that the importance of top-at-the-tone
 and organizational leaders demonstrating their commitment to value, ethics, and integrity.
 until now
 the culture to recognize the mistakes
 and very good communication
 so that anyone can raise opinions, escalate it to a higher level.
 but also we need to ensure the psychological safety of all employees.
 we will make
 efforts in this regard.
 As I will announce today, our group decided to separate the energy infrastructure business and storage device business sets.
 There will be separate companies and aim for the IPOs independently.
 this is a drastic change
 But because this business will be separated and being independent, and therefore committed to people and committed to the future, based on this philosophy, under the new corporate culture, each business is poised to grow, and this is a great opportunity.
 But beforehand, it is a critical mission of the senior management to enhance governance beforehand.
 I appreciate your continued support and asking for your cooperation.
 Thank you very much.
 Next, we'd like to present on the transforming Toshiba to enhance a shareholder's value and Mr. Tonakawa will make presentations.
 presentations.
 Next, I'd like to explain on our new management policy titled
 as Transforming Toshiba to Enhance Shelter's Value.
 The Corporate Executive Vice President Hatazawa will also be presenting
 and also online,
 Chairperson of Strategic Review Committee,
 Mr. Paul
 will also be attending as well.
 Now, today, Toshiba Group has decided on its significant transformation to further leap forward for the future.
 let me first introduce why this is the best path forward for Toshiba and our shareholders
 and what it means for our business going forward.
 And then we would like to invite Mr. Brough to explain on the evaluation made by the strategy review committee.
 After that, Mr. Haddad will talk on what the business outlook will be for the standalone companies after separation.
 First, about our path to unlocking the value,
 that I'd like to explain.
 Now, at the Board of Directorate meeting held this morning,
 decision was made for Toshiba's
 strategic reorganization to separate
 the business into two businesses
 As a result, there will be three standalone companies to be formulated.
 One, an infrastructure service company.
 Second is Device Company, and the third is Toshiba.
 As we conclude that this strategic reorganization to be the best path forward for Toshiba and their stakeholders,
 we took into account the view of our important stakeholders and other stakeholders,
 as well as the business characteristics and the value chain of each of our diverse businesses.
 over our history of over 140 years
 Toshiba has constantly evolved to stay ahead of the times.
 Today's announcement is no different. Toshiba has built a portfolio of leading
 businesses, but in order to enhance our competitive positioning, each business needs greater
 flexibility to address its own market opportunities and challenges.
 The official names for the new companies will be announced in due course.
 Here is an overview of the three independent businesses.
 it says.
 Infrastructure service company will consist of Toshiba Energy Systems and Solutions, Infrastructure Systems and Solutions, Building Solutions, Digital Solutions, and Battery Businesses, and become a company with the forecasted net sales of 2.13 yen according to this fiscal year's forecast.
 Its increased focus, combined with its innovative technological solutions,
 will enable it to play a
 the role in driving the transition to ringable energy to meet
 ambitious
 global carbon neutrality goals and advancing infrastructure resilience as a leading player.
 Device Company will be comprised of the Toshiba Electric Device and Storage Solutions business
 and become a company with forecasted net sales of 870 billion yen.
 Its products will be including power semiconductors, high-capacity hard disk drives HDD for data centers, and semiconductor manufacturing equipment.
 It will be a global leader in supporting the evolution of social and IT infrastructure.
 Toshiba will continue to hold the company's ownership stake in Kyokusha Holding Corporation and Toshiba Tech Corporation.
 Koto-Shiba will seek to monetize the share of Kyokushia at an appropriate timing.
 The separation this time enables us to better align each new company by its unique business characteristics.
 Infrastructure service company related business focus on the direct sale of equipment and
 the provision of solutions to specific customers.
 it has long business cycles
 that are more
 heavily dependent on negotiations between business parties than the market conditions at large.
 in addition
 it will be
 a capital light business
 And there are also major differences to the extent in which we conduct customized production.
 In contrast, device company primarily manufactures and sells devices such as semiconductors and other materials.
 its business cycles are shorter and can be impacted significantly by the market conditions.
 It will be a capital-intensive business that requires scale of a continuous production
 across multiple customer orders.
 and we ought to be speaking
 the
 a large company
 investment needs to be made in a very flexible
 manner
 so
 objective of the spin-off, there are three reasons.
 First, the separation will unlock immense value by removing complexity.
 Second, it enables us to have a much more focused and agile decision-making and their management.
 And the third, separation naturally enhances choices for our shareholders.
 our board and management team
 firmly believe that the strategic
 free organization is the right step
 for sustainable, profitable growth for each of the businesses
 and the best path to create
 additional value for our stakeholders.
 For our shareholders, we will unlock value by having dedicated and well-skilled management teams.
 We will be able to provide our customers more innovative
 and tailored services and solutions to meet their evolving needs.
 Our employees will have the opportunities to work at more focused companies
 where they can gain more technical expertise and self-growth opportunities
 and have greater growth potential in their chosen field.
 And the separation will benefit our communities by providing more
 focus on our communities.
 solutions to solve social issues
 of carbon neutrality and infrastructure resilience
 that we are all facing.
 We believe that there are three main benefits of the business separation.
 First, the standalone companies will have improved management and governance structures.
 Infrastructure service company and device company are expected to have dedicated management teams that bring deep industry knowledge with clear growth strategies.
 We will of course consider candidates from outside of the company for building new management structure.
 The new structures also will facilitate more agile decision-making
 with greater focus and knowledge of their respective companies, customers, and employees.
 In addition, new structure creates optionality for both new companies to own their make-on, separate, and informed decisions regarding potential strategic partners.
 Second, the standalone companies will have more effective, efficient, and tailored capital allocation policies, more closely matching their industry peers.
 This will enable them to better explore options to optimize their cost of capital
 by managing their leverage
 and provide more direct engagement with the capital markets
 and increase the ability to target debt inequity investors, which could drive additional cost savings.
 And the third, and certainly not least, we will be able to increase shareholders' return.
 Toshiba intends to monetize shares in Kyokusha
 while maximising the shareholder's value
 and return the net proceeds in full to shareholders as soon as practicable possible
 to the extent that doing so
 does not interfere with the smooth implementation of this separation.
 This will increase the return to Toshiba shareholders while allowing them to participate in the continued upside of the two standalone companies
 In addition, this will facilitate fair value
 by providing compelling investment opportunities
 that meet different preferences of the shareholders' investors.
 Joshua has recently beat up
 a strong track record of creating return to the value of the shareholders based on the targeted
 dividend payout ratio of 30%
 as committed over the last four years
 we have steadily increased
 of dividend payment
 from 30 yen per share in FI 2018 to an expected 80 yen per share in FI 21.
 In addition, the special dividend of 110 yen per share had already been provided during FI 2021.
 one. Toshiba has also maintained a commitment to
 return excess capital to shareholders.
 we brought back
 700 billion yen worth of the shares in 2019
 and another 100 billion yen in 2021.
 Capital, in excess of appropriate level of capital, will be used to provide shareholders return, including the share buyback in FI22 as well as in FI23 to the extent that it will not interfere with the smooth execution of our business and business separation.
 The expected amount is going to be about 100 billion yen.
 In addition, we will utilize the appropriate level of leverages and continue reviewing our business portfolio, including consideration of the divestiture opportunities.
 A strategic reorganization, this time, is the last step in Toshiba's commitment,
 latest step in Toshiba's commitment to creating and returning shareholders' value.
 in the spin-off
 We are working with relevant authorities and advisors to determine the best and the most effective and efficient way
 to spin off the businesses with an intention of effective transaction
 in a tax-qualified spin-off structure
 pursuant to the recent tax reform legislation in Japan,
 we will continue to keep you updated
 as we move through this process.
 The timeline is
 The reorganization is expected to be completed in the second half of the fiscal year 2023,
 subject to a shareholder's vote and in obtaining approval from the relevant authorities.
 However, we will make an effort to speed up the processes to the extent that it's feasible.
 Moreover, we are considering seeking for shareholders to vote on it at the proposed extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders expected in the first quarter of the next calendar year, if possible.
 A board steering committee is expected to be formed, which will include strategic review committee members, in order to provide continuity and accountability for the successful completion of the business operation.
 In terms of the cost associated with the spin-off, we expect to incur 10 billion yen from FY21 and onwards.
 The spin-off costs are expected to be offset by reducing SD&AA expenses in each business based on peer benchmarks.
 Now, over the past nearly five months or so, we have proactively evaluated a full range
 of options to enhance shareholders' value.
 Following the Strategic Review Committee's thorough evaluation,
 the board concluded that the strategic organization is the best path forward for Toshiba and its shareholders.
 representing the Toshiba's management
 I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Mr. Braff and Chairperson of the Strategic
 Committee, Review Committee.
 on behalf of the board member
 I'd like to once again express the profound appreciation for your efforts
 and time spent through the evaluation
 of the wide-ranging value-enhancing options over the years.
 Now I'd like to call upon Mr. Braff
 to comment directly on this plan.
 Mr. Bloch, please start.
 Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all for attending.
 the committee is confident
 the separation plan
 is the optimal path to value creation for all Toshiba shareholders.
 As Mr. Sunakawa outlined, the plan will create three independent entities, each of which
 will be better organized
 Equipped and focused to unlock shareholder value more effectively than the company can do in its current form.
 with greater focus
 and a strong foundation,
 Each business will be better positioned to invest in future,
 consistent growth
 with its individual needs and capital allocation profile.
 this focus
 will generate more growth and innovation for customers,
 new opportunities for employees
 and the potential to serve their communities and the world.
 In addition, shareholders will be able to benefit from the conversion of Toshiba's shares in Keoxia into cash,
 from which all net proceeds will be returned to shareholders.
 the significance
 net operating
 lot is up to
 Shiba will be utilised to offset capital gains tax liabilities. This will increase
 returns for Toshiba shareholders
 while allowing them to participate in the continued upside of the two stand-alone businesses.
 This will also facilitate value creation by a compelling investment opportunities
 that meet the different preferences of shareholders and investors.
 the separation plan
 represents a significant inflection point in our evolution.
 A bold new initiative that capitalises on the government's recent actions
 and looks beyond the confines
 of past Japanese business practices.
 the novel nature of this step
 for a company of
 Toshiba's importance
 is indicative of Tashiba's determination to follow the best course
 for long-term shareholder value creation.
 We undertook a rigorously objective process to arrive at this conclusion,
 including receiving input from a broad group of shareholders
 and both strategic and financial investors.
 We very much appreciate the views and perspectives
 that are reflected in the development of this plan.
 After comparing this plan to a wide range of other alternatives,
 we concluded that this approach
 provides shareholders the greatest
 potential for value enhancement
 with
 significant
 flexibility
 and opportunity for increased returns
 this is by
 no means
 The end of the SRC's work.
 we shall
 continue to oversee the preparation
 of the separation plan
 until the shareholders vote on it at the proposed EGM in the first quarter of next year.
 at that point
 it is expected
 that a board steering committee
 will be formed, which will include
 SRC members in order to provide
 continuity and accountability
 for the successful completion of the plan.
 Our collective backgrounds include highly relevant experience and expertise, and we
 expect to be
 supported in this effort by
 external experts and newly
 recruited executives to help
 round out the existing
 management team.
 In conclusion, I would like to convey my personal conviction
 as chairman of the SRC
 that it is absolutely the right time to step forward for Toshiba
 and an exciting, energising and critical one
 that will launch the company on a compelling new value creation path.
 we look forward to
 continuing our work and working closely with Mr. Sunokawa,
 the board and the management team as we implement the separation plan and we look forward to hearing
 your reactions
 and responses and receiving your support
 at the forthcoming
 the EGM. Thank you.
 Now, going back to the presentation material,
 Transforming Toshiba to Enhancer Holder Value.
 I would like to call upon Mr. Hatazawa to explain the strategy.
 Good afternoon. I am Hatazawa.
 As Mr. Tsunakawa just explained, Toshiba will spin off its two business operations to infrastructure service company and device company for evolution into the future.
 the next three years will be
 an important three years to ensure
 a spin-off
 and to lay the groundwork for growth after spin-off
 and to transform ourselves for the future.
 I will explain on this important plan for the next three years.
 Please note that figures shown under this section are based on the current organizational structure
 and only cover the period of three years
 from fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2023.
 we expect
 financial improvements will further accelerate once the separation is completed.
 We intend to announce a more refined management plan for each new company on a separate occasion at a later date.
 First, infrastructure services company.
 Infrastructure Service Company will help our customers and partners achieve their ambitious sustainability goals.
 We are ideally positioned to address two important social issues,
 carbon neutrality and infrastructure resilience.
 and related needs of our customers.
 Infrastructure service company will utilize its customer knowledge
 and technological expertise
 to exploit such business opportunities in order to enhance shareholder value.
 In fact, we already have many customers and partners asking us to assist them in these areas,
 and we understand that the key to growth in energy and infrastructure
 lies in the intersection of AI, security, and platform technologies.
 The conversion to cyber-physical solutions business is what we refer to as X-Digital.
 By working closely with our customers and partners, we will consolidate our domestic leadership in Japan and expand our global market share with focus in Asia.
 In the energy multiplied by digital domain,
 the realization of carbon neutrality is an urgent global issue for our customers.
 We already have a soundtrack record of delivering equipment and facilities to power utility suppliers
 suppliers as well as for EPC and maintenance services for power plants and in the transmission
 and a distribution business.
 Further, growth will result from the advancement of efficient use of energy through energy
 matching and energy management services.
 We will solve problems together with customers on both the power supply side and demand side.
 This is a huge market and we have new technologies to offer.
 Based on our vast experience working with partners, we will expand our business across the full value chain.
 Likewise, the infrastructure multiplied by digital domain offers us significant growth opportunities.
 We will create value for our customers by promoting optimal operation of infrastructure
 and achieve resilience by ensuring security.
 Already today, we have an established business model introducing equipment and facilities to infrastructure companies, including maintenance services.
 Consulting to realize optimization of infrastructure operation cost and service usage cost.
 Our bold investment plan for the next three years underpin our huge growth opportunities with about 500 billion yen marked for CapEx R&D as well as M&A.
 we are eyeing to pursue a capitalized business model for the infrastructure service company
 with a medium to long-term strategy.
 The infrastructure service company shows a solid financial profile and strong growth outlook
 The company expects net sales to grow at 3.3% compound annual growth rate, CAGR, from 2,390 billion yen in fiscal year 2021 to 2,320 billion yen in fiscal year 2023.
 it also expects to improve
 operating income at 5% level
 and regarding free cash flow
 we plan to improve
 free charge flows
 steadily and to maintain double-digit ROIC at 10%.
 Device Company
 Device Company will lead the evolution of social and information infrastructure
 through its semiconductor and storage businesses.
 Our leading products are significantly contributing to the wider society, including the realization
 of carbon neutrality.
 The strength of the business lies with its customer relationships,
 years of experience with technology development and capacity creation of production facilities,
 which we tend to expand
 with a sharper focus on its fast business cycle.
 We are well positioned as a global provider of leading products to transfer our technology further into profits and sustainable growth.
 In the field of power semiconductors, we will actively invest in the growth markets,
 including the development of 300-millimeter line facilities
 and compound semiconductors, silicon carbide and gallium nitride.
 This will enable us to drive the acceleration of power efficiency, improvements in equipment
 and social infrastructure.
 We are targeting net sales of 120 billion in FY2023 compared with the 95 billion yen in FY21,
 equivalent to an average annual growth rate of 13%.
 With expanding demand for data centers, along with the evolution of society's digitization information infrastructure, significant market growth expected in storage business.
 Near-line HDDs through collaboration in the development of key components, advanced development in specialized areas, and productivity improvement.
 Rapidly expand the development of the high-capacity products
 and also strength and support systems for data center customers.
 For near-line HDDs, we have set a sales plan of 200 billion yen in FY21 and 280 billion in FY2023, equivalent to an annual growth rate of 18%.
 Prior to the separation, device company will invest to bolster its technological strengths
 in selected areas.
 In addition to expanding its power semiconductor production facilities,
 The vice-company plans to increase the capacity of its semiconductor development facilities
 and the supply capacity of near-line HDDs.
 In addition, its R&D focus will be on expanding its lineup and developing new models.
 We expect total investment of more than 300 billion yen in the three years till FY2023.
 for the device company as a whole.
 Net sales at compound annual growth of 3.3% from 870 billion in FY21 to 880 billion to FY23.
 and excluding the growth for the transfer of memory.
 it is a CHUR of 3.3%.
 and operating income.
 Change is from 7.1% to 6.1%.
 However, if we take into consideration that the Forex premise is 105 yen to the dollar in 22 and 23,
 and plan large investments during 2021 and 2022 for the growth beyond 2024.
 this needs to be considered
 and that the actual profitability is likely to improve.
 for the combined
 Toshiba Group. In FY23, we are targeting net sales of
 3.5 trillion operating
 margin of 5.7%
 ROIC of 10%
 pre-cash flow of 100 billion yen.
 Okay.
 As you can see from our remarks today, we are excited about the future.
 we look forward
 That's true.
 Our spin-off plan, separation plan, that we will be able to deliver to all the shared stakeholders
 and that we will be transformative through this separation plan
 Based on our management philosophy, are committed to people, committed to our future.
 We will continue to contribute broadly to society by creating a succession of new values and providing them to our customers.
 Thank you very much for listening.
 Thank you.
 Next, we'd like to use the PowerPoint material title
 FI 21 Second Quarter Consolidated
 Business Results, Mr. Hirata
 I will be presenting on the results.
 Now, I, Hirata, will present on the second quarter results for FY 2021.
 Now, first, if you could turn to page 3.
 this is the key points of this result
 Now, there are five key points.
 First point is regarding the fact that, for example, in the semiconductor business continuously from the first quarter, it is performed quite well in the second quarter, and there is an improvement in energy business as well.
 results during the first half of 2021, we were able to mark
 positive growth in revenue and income compared to the same period of last year.
 The sales revenue was 1 trillion, 546.4 billion yen, with what's a 175 billion yen increase of the revenue year over year.
 Now, operating income was $45 billion, which was $41.9 billion an increase compared to the same period last year.
 Now, the second point is regarding free cash flow, which has improved due to the improvement of the EBDA and improvement in working capital due to the sufferers such as receipt of advance payments.
 and we were able to see a great improvement.
 for the first half was positive $131.4 billion.
 That was an increase of 124.3 billion yen year over year.
 The third point is regarding order taking
 for orders
 which was increased
 It's a very
 due to a large-scale project, and it has increased by 19% year-over-year.
 Fourth point is regarding the forecast for the full year 2021.
 There are the surge in material and logistics costs as well as the shortage of semiconductor products.
 And such impact is gradually visible.
 However, the semiconductor business of our company is performing quite well.
 it is offsetting the negative
 impact as a result of the open income remains to be the same as the previous forecast at 170
 billion yen. Next is
 the shareholder's return policy
 Now, 100 billion yen of stock buyback as well as special dividend distribution of 110 yen was completed.
 In addition, as the board organized today, we have approved over 40 yen per share of the interim dividend.
 At the year-end dividend, the dividend forecast was already being announced at 40 yen per share.
 so the full year
 dividend forecast
 of 190 yen remains unchanged.
 changed. If you could turn to slide six, this is the total picture of profit and loss statement.
 the first
 The revenue for the first half was 1 trillion 546.4 billion yen, and that was a 30% of increase in revenue.
 Now, the infrastructure systems had a slight decrease in revenue.
 However, for the other segments, all the segments besides infrastructure system
 was increased its revenue.
 operating income was 45 billion yen
 there were the revenue increase on top of that
 weaker yen had positive impact at 41.9 billion yen increase year over year.
 The non-operating income and loss related to, for example, equity method companies such as Kyoxia, there's a positive of 37.1 billion yen.
 And in total, income before income taxes was 82.1 billion yen, which is an increase of 62 billion yen.
 and after that income taxes were deducted
 And the net profit for this year is 59.8 billion yen, which was an increase of 56.3 billion yen year-over-year.
 Moving on to page 7
 This is the operating income analysis compared to a year ago
 Far left is the first half operating income of FI 2020, which was 3.1 billion yen.
 During the first half of FI20, the restructuring cost of $7.8 billion was posted,
 So we reverse back this amount and the operating income
 with that impact of restructuring costs was about 11 billion yen.
 and there are recovery from COVID pandemic
 and there are 40 billion yen of the revenue will be added
 and, uh,
 assumably,
 the revenue is approximately 50 billion yen
 and according to our business plan
 in order to streamline the overseas offices and locations.
 we have posted about 5 billion yen worth of restructuring costs,
 and therefore, as a result, opening income for the first half of FY21 was 45 billion yen.
 I just mentioned at the outset
 There are more visible impacts arising from bassoon material and logistics costs as well as semiconductor shortages.
 and as this
 boxes
 on top of the chart
 explained that a shortage of the semiconduct products is
 affecting as a reduction of the living
 here. As a result, the
 revenue negative impact was about 6 billion yen. On that hand, the soaring material and logistics
 its cost is considered as a part of the cost increase
 As a result, the cost increase was about 14 billion yen.
 At a total, there was the income reduction impact of 20 billion yen or so.
 Thank you.
 On page 8, non-operating income, as I said earlier,
 the equity and earnings of
 affiliates improved
 to be called mainly due to the
 Geok said increase of profit by 16.8 billion yen.
 Therefore, for the first half in fiscal year 2021, the 37.1 billion yen was recorded, up 20.1 billion yen from a year earlier.
 Page nine, free cash flow positive 131.4 billion yen, as I said at the outset, and there was a cash out of the negative 53.1 billion yen cash flow from investing activities.
 However, due to the collection on AR at the end of the previous fiscal year
 and receipt of the advances of large projects,
 That cash flow from operating activities was positive 184.5 billion yen.
 and the bottom half
 provides the equity attributable
 shareholders of the company
 which decreased by 81.7 billion yen.
 the share
 equity
 due to the share repurchase of 100 billion yen
 and a year-end special dividend payout of 81.7 billion yen
 and 1 trillion and 45.2 billion yen was recorded.
 and the shareholder equity ratio was 30.5%.
 And page 10 is the breakdown of what we have already explained.
 and the shareholder's equity ratio, the net interest bearing debt was 47.5 billion yen.
 and page 11
 explanation by segment
 and page 12 is also bi-segment, as I explained earlier,
 excluding infrastructure system
 most increased
 in both sales and
 profit. And here is the
 energy system on page 13.
 Net sales was 236 billion yen.
 Operating income was 4.5 billion yen
 Net sales increased by 45.9 billion yen from a year earlier, as you can see here.
 the net sales increase in both power generation system, transmission, and distribution.
 Given this increase in net sales, operating income also improved by 12 billion yen from the previous year.
 Page 14
 The top half provides infrastructure, systems, and solutions.
 Net sales were 272.1 billion yen.
 operating income was
 0.3 billion yen.
 Public infrastructure.
 Next slide.
 netting sales increased however in industrial systems with impact of a pandemic still remaining
 and the net sales in the entire segment decreased by 9.9 billion yen
 and operating income as well, on top of the decrease because of the decrease in net sales
 and the cost of restructuring industrial systems.
 and recently there was an increase in cost in overseas projects in railways,
 Therefore, segment as a whole saw the decrease in operating income by 6.2 billion yen for the first half.
 The bottom half provides the results for building a solution.
 net sales were
 285.8 billion yen and operating income was 10.2 billion yen and net sales recovered
 mainly
 in the air conditioning business
 and therefore net sales increased by 26.5 billion yen.
 And on the other hand, operating income due to the increase in net sales.
 and although there were
 negative impacts of the material cost increase and logistic cost increase
 and its impact of a shortage of semiconductors, elevator, escalator business in particular,
 and also impacts of the forex.
 and the all-in-all operating income was almost flat.
 On page 15, device and storage.
 Net sales were 432.9 billion yen, which was up 108.9 billion yen from a year earlier.
 Operating income was 34.7 billion yen, which is up 30.1 billion yen year-on-year.
 semiconductors
 and hard disk drive
 Net sales increased mainly due to the recovery from the impact of pandemic
 and driven by the increase in sales and the impacts of the forex
 and also effects of the restructuring which was conducted last fiscal year, income increased.
 And in others, in the same period of last year, the operation ratio of the plant in the Philippines was reduced significantly, mainly due to pandemic.
 Therefore, there was an increase of sales to data centers during this fiscal year.
 the gross ratio has been significant.
 Slide 16. The upper half is retail and printing solutions.
 Net sales, 221.7 billion yen, and operating income, 4.3 billion.
 so it is in black
 compared to loss-making last year.
 Similarly, recovery from the COVID and also last year,
 we conducted the restructural reform with this retail and both printing has achieved an increase
 in sales and also income.
 The bottom half is digital solutions, mainly by the increase of the public sector projects.
 Revenue, $103.5 billion, which is an increase by $3.6 billion. Also, operating income was $8.5 billion, which is a $3.9 billion increase.
 Page 17, amount of orders received and also the order backlog for the three years.
 the trend is given. On the left is the amount of orders received. For the first half, the orders
 received compared year-on-year, 19% increase, mainly in the energy system, similar to FY19
 in FY21 as well.
 there were orders of large-scale projects
 And if you move to the right part, which is the order backlog, order backlog also is steadily increasing.
 Thank you.
 Then, please take a look at page 19.
 It is the equity earnings from Keoxia
 And for the figures I already mentioned earlier
 if you take a look at the right part
 bit growth
 And also, ASP difference change is given in the bold font is that for the bit growth, higher 10% range.
 We are seeing quite a growth.
 and for ASP
 mid-single digit increase.
 compared to three months before first quarter.
 the price increase is becoming more slower.
 Thank you.
 Page 20 explains about how we completed our share repurchase plan.
 Site 21 and beyond is about the full year forecast.
 for FY21
 and full ear.
 For net sales, 3,350,000,000,000 yen.
 and compared to what we announced
 Three months before, it is an upward revision of $100 billion.
 for income before tax and net income
 as Kyokushia's portion is unknown for the six months ahead.
 So this is just as a reference.
 In the first half, there was a $220 billion upward revision from Kyoxia equity earnings.
 So we have made an upward revision for the income before tax and also net income.
 for operating income and free cash flow
 we maintain the previous forecast and there is no change.
 Slide 23 is a forecast by segment.
 At the very right column,
 It gives the difference between the previous forecast announced three months before.
 A little lower than the middle device and storage.
 For the revenue, $80 billion upward revision for net sales.
 However, having said that, out of this $80 billion,
 Geoxia memory
 V-cell is still
 included
 which accounts for about half
 So in real terms,
 semiconductor or hardride-related gross increase in revenue is about $40 billion.
 and one column above retail and printing solutions
 As Toshiba Tech already announced their figures
 And their overseas retail is very strong.
 Also, with the Uyghur Yand, we have made an upward revision of $20 billion.
 as they made this
 of Word of Vision, we also reflected the same.
 compared to the previous announcement, made a downward revision by $5 billion.
 on the other hand
 In the first half, device and storage has been very strong, so in net, it is a $15 billion increase in profit.
 Slide 24.
 similar to
 first half analysis
 on the left.
 It's FY20, $104.4 billion operating profit.
 and we had $17.5 billion restructuring costs.
 So this is reversed.
 will mean that we have an operating profit income of $120 billion.
 in addition to this
 if you go a little
 to the right.
 On a planned basis, we have the restructuring at $21 billion.
 also
 excuse me
 restriction cost of $10 billion and also fixed cost increase for $21 billion and half of that
 appreciation and also half is
 for R&D.
 these expenses cost increasing but with the increased in revenue and also with
 the effect of the restructuring.
 which will offset
 the increase of a cost and $170 billion profit is achievable.
 lack of semiconductor and also the soaring material price.
 As I mentioned earlier, that is illustrated in the balloon.
 so that was about the second quarter results
 explanation. Thank you very much.
 That concludes the presentation part of the session.
 Now we'd like to move on to the Q&A session.
 and question
 will be taken by Mr. Tsunakawa, Mr. Hatazawa, Mr. Hiratata,
 as well as the four members joining VIA online.
 and when there are
 questions, please state your name.
 now we will have
 30-minute questions to be picked up from the members of the media.
 and let me elaborate on the method of taking questions.
 The questions will only be collected from the people who were registered beforehand.
 and if you have any questions
 Please press asterisk and one.
 it is not
 Not the pound, but it is the asterisks.
 And the moderator will call out your name, and therefore, please start your question.
 and if you'd like to retract your question
 and please press
 Asterix N2
 Now during the Q&A
 please stop the audio from the internet
 and
 And there might be some feedback if your phone picks up the audio from the website.
 If you are not speaking and hearing the answers,
 please mute yourself
 in order not to
 disrupt by the noises from your
 end, such as typing keyboards.
 Now, we'd like to enter the questions from Mr. Yao of Nippon Nikkei.
 The Sahyao of Nikkei, can you hear us?
 Thank you very much for the presentation.
 first off
 Now, regarding the separation into three entities, what are the flows of discussion that resulted in this conclusion?
 Well, for between the SRC and the Board of Directors, I think that discussion was ongoing.
 and the Fu first came up with the idea of separation.
 and what type of
 other choices
 that we have discussed other than the separation of the entities.
 Now, this is Tsunakawa. May I answer to your question?
 Now, as is mentioned earlier
 executive side
 and also the board meeting have had the meetings almost every week for the last five months.
 there were many strategic options that we discussed
 and also that were reviews of the medium-term plan that we have compiled,
 And also, we at the SRC had had a discussion about the potential privatization with partners.
 So we have compared many options.
 Now, in regard to the ideas of tax-free spin-offs,
 while we were discussing
 and after the
 end of the discussion between SRC
 and the board, we came up with this idea.
 And as PowerPoint have mentioned, the executive CEO management side have had a very confident in pursuing this option of a tax-free spinoff.
 I believe that this is the best possible path forward for Toshiba.
 that is all
 Thank you very much.
 Are there any other options that we have discussed?
 Could you elaborate on that?
 Could you repeat the question?
 so when
 the spin-off idea
 surfaced
 And SRC or the SAM Edsman, who was the first one to say?
 And were there any other options?
 regarding other options
 Well, is there C?
 Well
 issue
 a report at a later date
 about how the discussion has developed.
 it was about 10 pages long
 a document that we intend to publish
 in due course
 But it was several months ago that this particular idea surfaced.
 and SRC,
 we at the management and advisors
 all
 parties involved
 and made a discussion.
 in the course of the whole discussion
 we came up with the idea of
 tax-free spin-off
 and the
 feasibility of that idea
 was recognised as a viable option and ultimately we've
 came up with the idea of
 separation into three companies
 and executive side have proposed this idea.
 May I move on to the second question then?
 Second question is,
 Now, regarding the future growth
 Now, I'll spin off.
 She's just talking about the institution.
 it is meant
 but
 how are you going to make growth
 in real-term basis that I'd like
 to explore with you.
 The reason is that, in regard to the Toshiba Next Plan, in FY25,
 4 trillion of the net sales and full hundredth billion yen of operating income and 10% of
 operating income margin.
 that was the target
 and a total of the three entities
 will you be able to
 to exceed
 that are initial target, and in the case of doji yibaba,
 The source of growth is coming from the technology developed by R&D.
 and what is the source of the development
 and how are you going to separate that into three entities?
 Could you label it on that?
 I think the answer is that the question is to talk about the growth potential.
 And as page 8 describes, there are three rectangles.
 And from left and right, relatively speaking, that these are considered shareholders where we are changing the entity structures and simplify the operation so that we can materialize the value and thereby providing more options for the shareholders.
 But in regard to the growth, the square in the middle where the forecast and agile management, that will be the largest difference vis-a-vis other ideas.
 to give you some specific ideas
 And, for example, as Mr. Hatazawa mentioned earlier, the power semiconductor to be growth and then the investment into 300 millimeter was made.
 and that is something that I reflect upon now
 that semiconductor is in shortages nowadays
 And in retrospect,
 probably a year before our decision
 or at least six months
 before our actual decision
 that investment had had to be made
 But there were headquarters and the sub-series and there are the topics, 60 meetings and others.
 and therefore it took quite a long time to make final decisions.
 and in terms of agility,
 they are something that
 very personally
 reflect upon
 And therefore, looking at each market, the competition situation and peers or competitive landscape that we need to carefully look at and the focus and the very small management will have to make very agile decisions so that we can compete well in the global market.
 So that's why we decided to separate the entities in this way.
 I personally believe that's all
 And in regard to Toshiba Next Plan, how the number will play out.
 In regard to the specific targeted numbers, when we discussed with shareholders, as SRC has mentioned earlier, that Toshiba always make the three-year medium-term plan in the year three, Toshiba had never had achieved the results and the target.
 And that was actually a criticism that we have to face up.
 And we are thinking about the feasible number, and we incorporate that into this presentation.
 I just wanted to add that to my comments.
 Thank you very much.
 as explained by Mr. Mutsunakawa earlier regarding the statement by the Board,
 has been already released on our press release webpage titled
 the processes reading to the
 spin-off plan by the
 board of directors of the company
 and that is already released on our website
 Bloomberg, Mr. Furukawa, Ms. Furukawa, this is Furukawa of Bloomberg speaking.
 Can you hear me?
 yes we can
 I have two questions.
 May I ask two questions at once?
 Yes, please.
 I have questions to Tsunakawa-san regarding this reorganization.
 I understood advantages very well
 but changing the organization
 of the company.
 there will be risks incurred
 and potential demerits as well, and in reorganization process.
 I think that you were going to explain this to employees
 and other stakeholders like business partners
 So do you think that all stakeholders will understand this and accept this?
 And a second point is about the conversion of the stake in Kyoxia into cash.
 the
 share
 it's a
 will be partly purchased
 and most of the
 net proceeds will be returned
 to the shareholders
 and this time are you going to
 divest all the shares
 held by the company
 and could you please explain
 whether the plan stays unchanged
 and IPO
 policy related to
 Kyoxia? Do you still keep
 the strategy or policy
 to keep tachyoxia
 IPO
 and regarding
 in merits and demerits
 and in the competitive landscape
 but there are advantages
 regarding the creative capabilities of Toshiba
 as in the question
 asked by the reporter from Nikkei.
 I couldn't respond to that.
 and regarding the research laboratories, were there any concerns about that?
 He asked that question as well.
 and researchers and staffers in principle
 are going to be
 the
 into two companies, stand-alone companies, there needs to be a system of process allowing
 the exhibition of
 creativities
 And we would like to work out the details related to the basic research at the research laboratories.
 And that is the remaining challenge for us.
 We have to work on that.
 But in principle, staffers will be divided into two standalone companies
 to promote the individual companies' semiconductor energy and infrastructure,
 the core weight
 of the
 management strategy will be changed
 but we believe that
 the disadvantage
 will outweigh disadvantages and as you said that we would like to come up with a system to
 improve the situation related to any potential disadvantage in your
 question. Regarding
 your second question about
 pyroxia, whatever which will exceed
 appropriate level of capital
 will be returned to shareholders
 and earlier
 a majority of Stake
 the NETSEED
 proceeds from the sale
 of the Kyokusha shares
 will be returned to shareholders.
 and considering the current financial position.
 everything in excess of the appropriate capital
 So, well, we thought that even if when we return all the proceeds from the sale to shareholders,
 we would be able to sustain
 the financial structure
 so this time we said
 that all the proceeds
 will be returned to check orders.
 of course
 anything related to the spin will be kept
 but IPO's policy
 which stays unchanged
 that this is
 to be determined by
 being
 therefore this is not something we are able to determine
 But following the decision by Bain, we like to be cooperative with them so that we can be prepared.
 Thank you.
 Next, NHK, Shimai-san, please.
 This is Shmai from NHK. Do you hear me okay? Yes.
 I would like to ask
 It's not called a son.
 It is about
 disadvantage of the
 separation plant and
 there was a
 mention about
 the R&D
 so 3 trillion yen
 Cell size
 by splitting that, separating that.
 So size-wise, it will be smaller, first of all.
 So, but still, do you believe that you will be viable with a smaller size?
 And also, I would like to ask Mr. Broff, is that privatization has been often mentioned
 and this time
 so the three entities being listed
 so that is quite the contrary
 with privatization.
 so have you
 given up
 with
 of privatization
 and if you have given up with a privatization.
 so what was the reason and the cause
 so can I hear
 So first Mr. Sunakawa will respond
 and then
 we will be switching the image camera
 and also the voice
 to connect to Mr. Broff
 So, the question was about three trillion being split
 and separated of whether we are concerned about that.
 For energy infrastructure business,
 $2 trillion worth of business in size and semiconductor device storage $1 trillion, a little less than $1 trillion.
 billion.
 So this is sizable, quite sized, and we are aiming for a fresh start.
 And so we are willing to start a very fresh start for the financial position.
 so we do not have any concerns.
 On the other hand, the two entities will be able to have a very agile management in their business in a very focused manner that is a large advantage.
 So I think I will switch to Mr. Broff.
 Switching the image and also the voice.
 Thank you, Chairman.
 as Chairman
 Sunakawa has mentioned
 we have uploaded this
 afternoon
 the SRC's
 10-page letter, which I think
 is probably
 unprecedented
 into it
 explaining the journey
 that the SRC
 as well as the board has been through
 for the last five months
 And within that letter, you will see a section related to the potential privatization of Toshiba
 and all of the work that we did on that particular option.
 but what we ultimately decided
 was that the plan that we presented today
 the separation plan
 offered more flexibility to our shareholders
 and was in fact better as far as the long-term growth and value of Toshiba Corporation was concerned.
 So we believe the plan is the best for our shareholders.
 when we began the SRC exercise
 there was a view expressed to us by some shareholders but not all
 that we should be going straight to an auction process
 but frankly our fiduciary duties require us to explore all options
 And through that process, the separation plan was developed.
 the reason for the
 separation plan is actually
 explained in the letter, and
 it arose from
 all of the work we'd done prior to that point.
 Thank you.
 Let me also supplement the SRC report.
 it is in the report
 But SRC, with the strategic partners, in a very deep manner, first stage, second stage,
 Thursdays, in many layers
 there was
 discussion
 an end.
 Each partner, for example, regulatory risk, also about the antitrust, also Kyoksya, that the price is difficult and unclear, and we did not come to a very clear-cut pricing, and that is also mentioned in the report, so I hope that you will read through the report.
 that is all for myself
 So, did you say that with the partners you already had discussion with about the general
 shareholder meeting.
 Do you believe that it will be approved at the AGM?
 Right.
 in the disclosure and the announcement
 between January and March
 about the separation plan
 into three entities
 We are confident in what we have announced and explaining.
 and we are asking for the endorsement
 And to seek opinions from the shareholders, we are expecting to hold EGM during January
 March.
 Thank you very much.
 much.
 Next, Murakami-san of Asahi Shimbun, please.
 This is Murakami of the Asahi Shimbun.
 Can you all hear me?
 Yes.
 Thank you for the opportunity.
 May I ask a question to Mr. Tsunakawa?
 separation into three entities
 Well, when we look at it from a different point of view,
 General Comprehensive Electric Company
 that idea has already
 been given up on and that this is a
 disbundlement of the companies.
 what do you think of this opinion
 Well, let me answer that
 being a comprehensive
 of electronic companies,
 be it a TV, personal computers, and home appliances, and a medical that I used to belong to,
 there's nothing of the business
 already and therefore we are
 no longer comprehensive electronic player. However, social infrastructure and devised
 business in semiconductors. These two entities, you mentioned that this is a disbundlement,
 but in my opinion
 this is an evolution
 for the future
 so it is not
 the dismantlement
 but it is an evolution for the future.
 So we would like to be very confident in moving forward to the future.
 May I ask a second question, if I may?
 Okay, now the reorganization plan this time.
 what is the impact
 of the
 employment as well as the closure of your operating sites.
 Well, impact on the employment, I would not expect so, but that also requires a further explanation to the society at large.
 So that's the policy that we'd like to take going forward in regard to the closure of the operating sites.
 The plan does not
 complete with the announcement of the plan
 and now some of the planned
 is the starting point for the future evolution.
 This is the starting point for further development.
 And therefore, we will continue on with the portfolio review,
 CAFTA allocation policies, and we are poised to do that going forward.
 And on top of that, if necessary, there's nothing being decided at this point in time, but we may conclude that perhaps the closure of the site is more rational, but we have studied our path toward evolution.
 and therefore in the minister of our course of actions
 there will be other opportunities as well.
 Last question, if I may.
 the Governance Enhancement Committee report that I'd like to ask about.
 In that report, the former senior executive officers have engaged in acts in violation of the corporate ethics.
 The duty was already relieved from the former executives and still you are asking for them
 to pay back their re-enumination and also some damages or lawsuits to be made.
 And what do you think of that?
 Well, first, the reason of the report was compiled,
 that perhaps induced by the independent investigative report,
 that perhaps
 The AGM wasn't organized in a fair manner, such as interfering with the voting activities of the shareholders and so forth.
 And then we, as a company, committed to the receipt of the independent investigative report in the very serious and serious manner.
 And it is not the legal decision whether that was acceptable or not.
 It is just a fact that we received the report from investigators
 and also some of the board's threats
 were rejected by the Shehoruts
 And we believe that the pressure issue was the confidence issue of this company.
 That is ORNS.
 So it wasn't about what had happened in the past.
 it was about the evolutions for the future
 and without having
 the redevelopment of the governance structure
 of this company, the Splinoff Plan
 will not be executed quite well
 And therefore, as soon as possible, we would like to reorganize or redevelop the governance structure of this company.
 and the full report of the Governance Enhancement Committee was now published
 and I look at the fourth quarter regarding the suggestions to the recurrence prevention measures.
 and there were four major points were raised
 and how we are going to rebuild the governance of this company.
 how are we going to rebuild the governance
 That I'd like to highlight in my activities going forward in the company.
 I do not intend to just reflect upon what had happened in the past.
 We just make a very sincere reflection about this.
 And it is always the case that the company will say that we thought something bad had happened and we will change going forward.
 that's not what we are going to do
 we will do a serious exercise
 of such as brainstorming
 and discussions
 and we'd like to be very strenuous
 of implementing
 the recurrence permission
 matters, provincial medias, and I'd like to spend a lot of time
 for that
 are you suggesting
 that what had happened has a bygone
 So bygones be bygone
 and you are going to focus on more forward-looking actions going forward.
 Is that a case?
 Well, Compensation Committee, as Ms. Wadahiki mentioned,
 of the mission
 perhaps a composition
 to a committee may discuss something about
 What had happened in the past
 But personally, I'll actually just count on the confidential committee for the decisions to come in the future.
 Thank you very much.
 much.
 From Kyoto News, Ms. Inouye, please have the floor.
 Yes, this is Inoue of Kyodo.
 I have a question
 to Mr. Tsunakawa.
 Regarding this decision,
 in the process
 leading to this decision.
 The completion of the board
 has been reduced from 13 by 5 members.
 And Tanaka-san, you are serving as the president as well and on the board as well.
 So I wonder how this decision was reached.
 So could you please give us your take on this?
 Yes, chairperson of the board is served as a temporary position and also for the president position, we needed to find a successor as soon as possible.
 of course
 the
 a successful plan is being formed by any company.
 easy. So anyway, this is something
 that should be
 deep
 determined by the nomination committee
 So I will follow the decision by the committee.
 but for the current position
 and the duties and responsibility
 I would like to dedicate myself to fulfill these duties.
 So do you have the idea that you are going to continue to serve in order to accomplish this spin-off?
 Well, at the board, the current board serving, well, I think that by when I'm going to serve on the board, this is to be determined by the nomination committee.
 soul. But as far as we have
 this plan for this being no fun with
 I would like to continue
 to dedicate myself
 And Mr. Krumatami resigned.
 And he was engaged in saying that he will respect the engagement with shareholders.
 And I think that if there was no influence by the activists,
 said do you think that you didn't
 you had been reaching this decision this time around
 Well, when you say activists,
 In this process, we could learn a lot from the engagement with shareholders, particularly in relation to governance.
 there are many things that we could learn
 irrespective of whether or not
 shareholders are activist or not
 but this time in order to enhance the value of the company
 and to enhance the shareholders' value.
 We believe that this was the right decision three years ago in 2018.
 Toshiba Next Plan was formulated, and at that time, the company's goal was to, through maximization of corporate value, TSL, total shareholder return, is to be enhanced.
 this is what we said
 So TSR or shareholders value to be maximized.
 that was what we said
 And this policy has not changed at all.
 And at this time, for the purpose of increasing the shareholder value or expanding the CSR,
 and this separation plan is very reasonable towards the future.
 we needed to make evolution
 We believe that this is a very important one step towards that.
 Thank you very much.
 from Diamond.
 Stand bogus on, please.
 From Diamond, my name is Sam Bungi speaking.
 On a related note, I would like to ask
 It's about the top management positions.
 And I do have several questions.
 within the ear
 to find a successor and also the chair of the board meeting.
 and I understand that it will be difficult to find a successor within the calendar year.
 I would like to know
 whether that is correct
 and also the reason
 And perhaps Mr. Broff
 from the nomination committee
 or anyone who is suitable to answer.
 I hope that would be answered.
 And also, my next question is about the separation plan into three entities, about the president, CEO, and would that impact the finding the successor of the chairman?
 and also
 When do you want to decide on the new management?
 so at the first question
 we would like to ask
 Mr. Bofta
 and please wait
 as we will be switching the image and also the line.
 with regard to the
 separation plan
 we should be able to recruit and retain people with more specialist skills
 rather than the generalist skills that are needed to run a conglomerate.
 And once we have the support of our shareholders, we will be on a course to start recruiting people for our respective boards.
 but that's a little bit early in the day at the moment
 but of course the intention is to have
 appropriately qualified
 boards with industry experience
 to run those two spin-co businesses.
 I think
 beyond that we
 are going to go to our
 shareholders for an EGM in March. I think once we've got that endorsement,
 we should be putting forward some more candidates for Toshiba Corporation 6502
 to assist the board, in particular with regard to the Orbit Committee.
 Thank you.
 Excuse me. The EGM should be March, and the translator mistakenly announced that it was May.
 about the outside board directors
 Deciding by December, that plan, and there was a question on that point and the reason.
 so this time
 this much strategic options
 and we had this change in course.
 And within the process, unless it was fixed, and as we were not able to recruit and appoint someone,
 So that was what was mentioned at the nomination committee.
 I am not a member of the nomination committee.
 So the first priority was placed on to creating and specify the separation plan.
 That was the priority.
 30.
 31.
 That was the supplementary explanation.
 Next, Takahashi-san of Toyo Kezai, please.
 please. Can you hear me? Yes, hear you well. This is Takahashi of Toyokezai. Thank you
 very much for the
 opportunity.
 I'd like to follow up the previous question.
 May I ask once again and confirm?
 Now, the chairperson of the company, for your company,
 where
 what is the
 selection process
 Well, the question is that, Sunakawa-san, are you going to serve as an interim chairperson
 until the separation of the companies.
 May I confirm once again?
 And I'd like to ask another question at this juncture,
 that the company will be separated into three entities.
 And the third one, which is considered to be the current Toshiba portion,
 that the Kiyok shares a stake
 will be on
 and also
 So Toshiba Tech's shareholder is going to be Toshiba.
 but do you think that Toshiba
 will disappear in the future.
 I just wonder
 what is the
 continuation or existence of the Shiba entity
 going forward. Regarding
 who will be the chairperson
 and CEO in the future regarding that.
 outside directors are comprising the nomination committee.
 so it is up to the nomination committee's decision
 so at this point in time
 there's nothing that we know of
 and therefore it is up to the nomination committees to discuss going forward.
 Now, regarding what would happen that the legacy Toshiba, what would happen on that entity?
 Will the Toshiba
 will own the ownership stake of Kyokushia
 and for Kyokusha's ownership.
 we would like to monetize
 into the cash
 as an
 as possible
 and for Toshiba Tech
 Positioning is completely different.
 different
 well
 Kyokusha is equity method applicable company
 and Toshiba Tech is fully consolidated, listed subsidiary.
 what we call data business.
 For that, there's nothing decided at this point.
 We are working on digitalization at the data business and Toshiba Tech owns many data and Toshiba Tech's business is indispensable for Toshiba overall.
 So what would happen for that entity?
 Currently, there are the heavy debt and also brand management issue as well.
 So we need to discuss about the details going forward.
 So that is the current situation.
 thank you
 now
 do you have clear
 pathways for divestitures and so forth?
 No, none. Are you asking about tech?
 Correct.
 the tech for the Toshiba tech
 nothing is decided
 may I ask
 a further question
 Relationship of the three entities
 Once these are spin-off
 and it will be different independent entities.
 I'm not sure if it's legally allowable or not.
 However, for example,
 So cross-holding the shares, for example, among the three entities,
 Would that be a viable option?
 under the laws and regulations in Japan,
 cross-shareholding of three entities is impossible.
 so we will not
 and we will not have a cross-sharing of the shares.
 Thank you very much.
 Next, TV Tokyo. Abe-san, please.
 this is Abe of TV Tokyo
 Can you hear me?
 Yes.
 in this press conference
 that materials are titled
 the transforming Toshiba
 to enhance shareholder value.
 and
 it
 used to
 be
 to
 To enhance corporate value, but it has been changed to enhance shareholder value.
 Is it correct?
 Oh, I don't know.
 I'm not sure
 they come
 shareholder value should be
 Hans, that was
 the word we finalized
 and by maximizing
 corporate value and then shareholder value will be also enhanced.
 So in the end, ultimately, shareholder value will be enhanced as the means to do that.
 and then corporate value should be increased.
 so TSR should be expanded
 So as the final point to reach, we wrote to share what a value.
 The reason why I ask this question, according to what I heard from the company's people,
 and the current management team.
 Maybe people are looking only towards the shareholders within the management team.
 And that is the criticism that we have heard from the people in the company, activists, in particular, shareholders are considered most.
 And in preparation of this material,
 So, Nakawa-san, you mentioned that there are a lot of discussions, management team and the top executives of the subsidiaries and so forth.
 So, I believe that there was only limited discussion with the top executives of the subsidiaries or operating companies, and it was out of the blue for them.
 do you think that you have
 obtained understanding from the internal people about this plan?
 We have been continuing to say since three years ago
 when Toshiba next to plan was announced
 and TSL should be enhanced.
 we have been keeping to say the same thing
 But of course, shareholders, stakeholders, but of course, the society at large and employees, all the stakeholders should be valued.
 And this is our policy, which has stayed unchanged.
 And at this time, again, we do not change this policy at all by having this separation into three companies.
 and then we believe that we will be able to provide appropriate services to customers
 and there will be incentives and various benefits and merits for employees as well
 based upon the business cycle of each company after separation
 And overall, for all the stakeholders, we believe that this decision is going to be the best option.
 Current shareholders will obtain the shares of the two standalone companies which will be listed on the market
 Regarding the percentage,
 the mix
 or
 percentage of the
 shares to be allocated, do you think
 that this will be reflecting the current values.
 Well, I think that will be determined when the spin-off is completed.
 We do not have anything that has been clarified.
 Oh, nothing clarified?
 then the structure of the shareholding ownership structure is different.
 I think there will be an option for shareholders to choose.
 based upon the same ratio
 So I think maybe I should defer this question to CFO.
 so in two years
 sometime in two years
 from today
 the ownership structure
 will be divided
 shares of the Toshiba
 are held by shareholders will be
 divided
 and
 Shehudas will be
 provided with the different
 shares in each company
 each entity.
 so it will depend on the decision of shareholders
 regarding what to do with those allocated shares.
 and
 I think there is uncertainty whether or not the company will be able to maintain R&D functions.
 For example, in the case of infrastructure company, infrastructure business, and the QKD business, of course, quantum encryption, it will cost a lot of money in R&D activities.
 So after separating into two entities and research laboratories will be also divided into two.
 So do you think that you can
 you'll be able to maintain such capabilities.
 disabilities, that Toshiba
 that cutting-edge technology can be really maintained.
 I think
 there needs to be more
 clearer
 forecast
 or outlook regarding this?
 Okay, I'd like to defer to Hatazawa-san.
 within the numbers
 we presented capex R&D expenditures are explained for the coming three years and according to the
 The current plan, the growth plan to be supported by the gross funds, as you know, to be spent
 in the R&D and the CAPEX, so these are estimated to be more aggressively spent R&D expenditures.
 in addition to the ratio of R&D expenditure
 in the total sales, which has been increased by 1% or 2% a point.
 So overall, we are going to put more focus on the R&D.
 and
 in terms of division into
 device and infrastructure
 and the contents of the research
 it will depend on the where
 in the business areas such activities can be allocated to,
 and then the expenditures or efforts will be divided.
 as Tsunakasa mentioned
 and the basic research.
 We would like to avoid the negative impact of the spin-off.
 we will consider that in the process of
 spin of completion. And R&D continues to be
 important for the company. So we will
 continue to be even more aggressively
 in spending in the
 R&D.
 Lastry, have you already reported this plan to Mtis?
 If so, what was the feedback?
 What was the reaction from Mehdi?
 yes
 we
 went into
 explain
 this to
 them in advance.
 I don't think there was any negative feedback from them.
 Thank you very much.
 So it is about time, so we would like to take the last question.
 UK Business.
 This is got a sum, please.
 This is Kodachi from Nikkei Business.
 Do you hear me okay?
 Thank you.
 so I have
 three last
 questions.
 Two to
 Tsunaka-san.
 So, but the kilk says, cheers.
 So in order to solve the excessive net operating loss
 I believe that it was being used
 So, we have the device company.
 so I don't think you need to be
 Desperate to
 sell the shares
 and if you keep the shares in stake
 Perhaps you can see some energy.
 So, but are you still willing to determine to sell the stakes?
 And the second one is about the separation plan.
 so at
 I think this special resolution will be required at the EGM,
 But I think that the special resolution to be attained is going to be a very hard, high hurdle.
 Thank you.
 And also...
 I believe that the split, the opinion is quite split.
 is that is what I heard
 Within the SRC, so why not sell to the PE fund, but this separation plan was supported?
 so could you reiterate the reason
 because I did not find, and the explanation, the reasoning.
 So could that be answered?
 so myself
 Tanaka
 about these Keoxia steak chairs.
 So why not seek synergy with the semiconductor business?
 Memory business will require massive investment, and even with the current financial position,
 we have decided no longer to continue
 and so instead
 to monetize the stake.
 so that has been already decided from the
 the four, and there is no change to this policy.
 And about the two-third, Special Resolution 2023.
 so until that point
 As I mentioned earlier
 this reform is just the beginning
 and it is sort of a declaration
 and so in the meantime
 There will be further reform that is going to come
 and will be executed also capital policy as well
 and also for the shareholders that we will be endorsed and be supported.
 we will make the effort
 And Mr. Brough, could you respond, please?
 the
 SRC's letter to shareholders
 which was published
 this afternoon
 goes into some detail
 about the process
 we followed with regard to private
 equity. It was quite an
 exhaustive process
 going through several rounds
 with credible buyers
 and at the end of the day
 the separation plan
 came about
 principally because of the difficulty
 in valuing the
 Pioxius shares at this time
 and the separation plan was therefore regarded as superior
 to the private equity plan from a quantitative and qualitative aspect.
 so if you like
 the separation plan
 emerged from our earlier discussions with regard to the management plan,
 with regard to possible minority investors
 and with regard to private equity solutions.
 That's how it came about.
 Thank you.
 Did I answer your question?
 Now we'd like to close other sessions for the media.
 next
 We'd like to invite the social analysts and financial institutions to take up some questions.
 so those of you who were not picked up
 other questionnaire, and please
 retract your questions by pressing
 asterisks too.
 Now we'd like to
 open the sessions for the analysts and
 the investors and
 And please enter your question by pressing asterisk N1.
 Citigroup, Ezala-san, please.
 This is Ezawa of Citigroup. Can you all hear me?
 thank you very much
 two questions at this point
 until recently
 Now, they clearly identify the no-core business or the divestitures of some part of the business
 or possibly be discussed at the company, it seems.
 and now the company has concluded that the spinoff is a correct option.
 but in terms of the divestitures
 compared to spin-off.
 Well, compared to the digesters versus spin-offs,
 Why did you conclude that spinoff generates the larger upsides in the company's shareholders' value?
 and what is the benefit of having a split?
 So could you elaborate on that specifically?
 That is the first question.
 Second question is, pertaining to the presentation by Tanakawa-san at the outset, that business portfolio will up for the further revisions and portfolio realignment going forward.
 That's how I understood your presentation.
 ultimately
 Paying Toshiba Group
 What would be the desirable ways of how Toshiba would be like in the future?
 I think it will be beyond what you have decided on in two years time
 beyond that as a result of the
 spin-off?
 Do you think that a complete and separate entity would be the ultimate form of the company,
 or do you see further realignment of the companies?
 Do you have any visions beyond two years' time?
 Now, question one and two
 I think some parts are interlinked.
 So at the beginning in the medium term plan, inclusive non-core and core, it is true that the management has discussed about possible segregation of the core and non-core.
 But we tried to focus on what the companies they would be in the near future.
 So that was the focal point this time.
 and therefore the identifying core versus non-core
 that is actually on the ongoing discussion
 at this moment as well
 and we will continue
 that discussion
 going forward as well
 so
 what we have announced this time
 It's just a starting point of improving the value going forward.
 So there will be two new calls, and as soon as possible, they will prepare the business plan on their own,
 and we'd like to provide opportunities
 so that two NUCO will be able to present their own business plan for the future.
 Going back to the first question, what is the strength and what was the advantage of the split idea versus the divestitures?
 There are three squares in the previous presentations, and I am CEO of this company.
 and therefore cash flow from the main business is the core challenge for me
 And that is a main theme, in my opinion, and therefore focused and agile business management is the very important point in my view.
 sorry I'm talking too long
 But in retrospect, I've been serving as CEO and COO for a very long time for this company.
 and what I remorse about is that
 we were able to
 you were not able to exercise the growth strategy properly.
 so at the right timing
 we'd like to make an investment at the proper timing
 you'd like to be very agile
 And we have very good technologies at the highest or top in the world.
 And are we able to use our marketing capabilities in a very quick and agile way?
 the question remains
 as is
 So,
 because of the spread this time
 I hope that senior management
 who have a specialized knowledge about this area
 that we'll be able to make a very agile decision.
 and I hope that this
 particular shortcoming
 of himself will be
 resolved in the separation
 of the businesses. So I try
 to answer two questions at once
 did it satisfy yourself
 thank you very much
 Thank you very much.
 Next.
 From SNBC, Nikko Securities, Yoshizumi-san.
 This is Yoshizumi of SMBC Nikol Securities
 Can you hear me? Yes, we can. Thank you very much. I have two questions. First question is through separation to unlock value. What is the concrete image of unlocking value through spin-off? Conglomerate discount will be resolved.
 I think that was the basis
 So are you sure that this conglomerate demerit discount can be resolved?
 So could you please give us your specific opinion?
 In fiscal year 2023, the operating income of 200 billion yen, which is rather conservative, and infrastructure service ROIC is still 10%.
 I think earlier, infrastructure service will achieve 30 percent.
 the infrasystem 10%.
 so in total
 So at least the 20% can be secured.
 So I think that there will be the improvement in the room.
 but after the split
 And then 10% ROIC.
 And then do you think that the conglomerate discount can be really cleared or resolved?
 so this is my first question
 about your expectation
 on these points.
 Okay, I would like to respond first, and I would like to ask Hatazawa-san to supplement.
 and this time unlocking the value
 This is the headline, but the purpose itself is not to resolve the conglomerate discount.
 we need to clarify the structure
 so that each individual stand-alone company will be able to manage their business respectively
 in an easy-to-understand manner
 As a result, the performance will be better.
 so it will lead to the resolution
 of the conglomerate discount
 this is what I am feeling
 regarding numbers
 I said earlier
 the numbers
 that can be achievable
 because we have been pointed out
 the lack of
 achieving whatever commitment
 we have been making in the past
 so there was the criticism from the sources on the market
 So that's why we came up with these numbers, which seem to be sure to be achieved.
 Hatazawa is going to supplement.
 And in 2025 and towards 2030, we presented a plan towards those years.
 And internally, we have that forecast or targets for 2025.
 and based upon the opinion
 from external parties
 So we were asked to secure the delivery on the committed numbers.
 so that's why we came up with the conservative plan
 and we are showing the plan for the coming three years alone.
 And in fiscal year 24-25, we have a plan inside the company,
 and we'd like to disclose those plans at the appropriate opportunity
 and we talked about the importance of investing in R&D activities
 and a result
 will be realized in fiscal year 24 and 25.
 and external parties
 particularly listening to the voices of
 shareholders and within the short period
 of time until fiscal year 23
 what can be secured to be achieved
 and what can be achieved
 in the short term
 it should be presented
 So you may think that these numbers seem to be a little weak, but I'm sorry, that was the basis for coming up with this number.
 and we wanted to incorporate some risk buffers
 so that's why we came up with this plan
 That's all.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 My second question is for CFO.
 in the coming two years
 share buyback
 in the level of 100 billion yen
 you said
 and is it related to the sale of the shares in Geoxia
 or it is not included in the buyback plan and utilizing NOL?
 And then what will be the advantage, benefits of the tax issues at the time of a sale?
 so a qualitative comment will be
 Okay, so could you please give us your comment?
 Thank you very much for your question.
 regarding your first question
 as Mr. Ksunakawa
 mentioned
 At our company, we have a yardstick of so-called appropriate level of capital.
 So capital exceeding that appropriate level will be returned to shareholders.
 That's what we have been saying.
 as Hatazawa-san mentioned earlier, in 2022 or 2021, this current fiscal year, and this coming 2022.
 in these years
 We came up with this rather sure plan.
 And therefore, we will be able to achieve this net income number.
 so considering all these
 And according to our calculation, we'll be able to return in the order of about 100 billion yen to shareholders.
 so regarding the gains
 from the sale of Kyokusha shares is outside of this number.
 And regarding the NOL, Net Operating Loss,
 well as you know
 according to the tax law
 for the current fiscal year, half
 of the amount recorded in the current fiscal
 year can be utilized.
 so based on the
 balance sheet that there is an NOL in the
 amount of about 300 billion yen
 so how
 and when Kyokusha
 Kyokusha
 stake in Kyokushia can be sold at any point.
 So if at that time, if we still have the NOL, and then about half of the gains obtained through the sale of Kyokusha shares will be offset by the NOL.
 Thank you very much. Understood.
 Thank you.
 Next, UBS, Yasuma-sama, please.
 Thank you. UBS, this is Jesse speaking.
 Yes, we hear you.
 I have one question.
 but there are three aims in asking my one question so this announcement
 about how management is done, also how the business exists.
 I am sure that there was a lot of
 discussion on these matters.
 So the ideal state of Toshiba, what do you believe is the most ideal?
 I know
 that it could be something unrealistic, but could you explain about the ideal state of Toshiba?
 The reason I am asking, there are three reasons.
 what do you think the issue of Toshiba is
 and the process
 not how you reflected
 but if there's anything
 an event that has led you to the process
 And also, the second part is that when selecting the management of the new separated company,
 when you want to hand over to the new management
 what is your ambition
 What is your hope that the new management to realize?
 And also the three part is that the USGE also have decided the separation.
 so I believe that
 separation spinoff is now
 being questioned and this is
 something beyond shareholders.
 So what is the significance?
 meaning of separation
 I understand being agile.
 That is one of the advantages.
 But also, this has been said from the early 2000s, and so why now today's separation spinoff is being decided?
 Does that reflect something in society?
 So these are my questions.
 I would like to respond.
 And if any of the two of my colleagues have anything to add.
 so what is the ideal stage
 so I know that this will differ
 but for myself
 when we have a business
 and we are trying to solve the social issues around us
 and that is what is happening on a daily basis
 and the repetition
 personally
 the company brand
 that is nothing
 that is not where I am particular about.
 Well, medical, social medical, some went to kind of medical and would give it a COVID situation.
 and MRI for example
 they're very well
 and well positioned in Japan globally
 which is very
 and
 although I'm sad that Toshiba name is gone
 but what I have done
 is contributing
 society and seeing it growing
 that itself
 make me very happy
 so in the same sense
 in the same notes that what we are doing in our business, that our employees being satisfied
 and also contributing to society, I think that is the ideal way, ideal state.
 so even in form that it is split into two or more
 with the name changes
 but our mission itself
 how we execute and realize
 submission. I think that is the important part. And so I was questioning myself, what is the
 ideal state i know that i'm talking a lot so perhaps this will be my response and also so as
 what I
 expect towards the future management, especially the largest issue
 is
 governance
 So when it comes to governance, this is going to be the fundamentals in management.
 and Governance Enhancement Committee has pointed out
 that although it may take some time
 that we want to reconstruct the governance.
 and also with a new company
 management there was a mention about what type is suitable and it is mentioned sometimes we will
 from the outside of the market
 and also something with the capability of the governance perspective
 that is going to be
 some of the basics, requirements, qualifications.
 And it was just by chance that GE also announced that Nikkei's leak.
 With that, we were a little earlier in with our scheme to be known.
 I don't know if this answers Yasi Sun's question, but that is my impression.
 Do you have anything to add?
 Pat is also responding.
 I think that what each individual will be answering will be different.
 So this is my personal view.
 myself
 I believe that Toshiba's mission and philosophy is that what is asked for by Toshiba,
 and we have the responsibility to execute our responsibility.
 so that is what we are required of
 And that is the reason of existence.
 So that is one thing.
 On the other hand, what clients, customers request us, sometimes the time is different
 And also, the requirement is different, meaning that sometimes we cannot make a management
 decision, which has been pointed out as an issue, I think this applies to GE, the management
 and environment has changed.
 speed is required
 So not like a time in the past with a lot of things mixtured in between, we will not be able to catch up and we cannot make a pure decision in order to survive.
 So that is why I believe that spinoff or separation could be one of the trends.
 We have the infrastructure, energy, and serve the clients in this industry,
 and we believe that Toshiba may have only the answer for the device and disks
 and also for the Future Information Society.
 what is required of Toshiba
 We need to create the solutions in a quickly manner that is requested by our clients.
 I think that is what we exist for, and that is the reasoning for why we have decided on this decision, and also it matches the needs.
 Also, let me also say a few words.
 From a financial position perspective, from a shareholder, we have the equity and also
 we want to
 steadily increase the value
 That is also the mission of the company.
 For this to happen, as Hataza-san mentioned, we need to win the trust of our clients' customers.
 And also, we have to deliver the products and services that is required of.
 And what is most important is that the employees also share the same mission, look at the same direction, be aligned in the same mission.
 So eventually that will lead to increase the value for the shareholders and unlock the values.
 There are various means to realize this.
 And given the current situation of Toshiba, what we have been discussing and what we are trying to execute, this framework is going to be the best path forward for the shareholders.
 I personally believe so, strongly.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Next, we would like to invite from Goldman Sachs, Mr. Harada, please.
 This is Harada speaking from Goldman Sachs. Thank you.
 Can you all hear me?
 Thank you.
 Now, I would like to ask one question.
 Now, my question may sound very similar to the previous questions.
 Now, InflaServices and device that you are going to separate into.
 An infrastructure services company itself is considered a conglomerate, in my opinion, when you look at the business structure.
 On the global basis, for example, elevators could be divestitures going forward or car
 it out going forward and
 going forward, do you think
 that further realignment
 of military services in scope
 or in your vision at this point
 And in addition, there are many conglomerate-based companies in Japan, be it good or bad.
 your company is having a
 connection with Mtis
 then
 in order to enhance competitiveness of the overall corporate Japan,
 Perhaps the real element of the companies involving whole corporate society in Japan is perhaps is considered.
 was that a part of discussion with them
 and OSA being a part of the concept on the side of the CA management,
 would that be
 also something that you would consider
 if a good opportunity arises.
 Are you conscious of this type of operation or opportunity?
 so infrastructure company
 There are a variety of businesses included.
 However, there are some common denominators.
 For example, be it services and substitution models, and it is quite a high potential of sharing the commonality across the different businesses and infrastructure services.
 But like I mentioned earlier, portfolio review exercise will continue, and there's nothing that we have decided at this point in time, and yet we'd like to continue to discuss going forward.
 Now, regarding the realignment of industries in Japan,
 My position is, at least, that we reviewed all possible opportunities and options
 exhaustively think about
 all the stakeholders
 such as
 shareholder
 employees and society are large
 customers and we'd like to
 a review from that point of view
 that is my position
 thank you very much
 Thank you very much for your comment, that is all.
 Thank you very much.
 Now, we'd like to entertain one last question at this point in time.
 SBI Itsumi-san, please.
 Thank you very much.
 I have two questions
 regarding spin-off
 to list
 span of companies on the market
 I am not experienced in this area.
 so could you please give us a timeline
 For a new cause,
 including their balance sheets.
 The treatment of such accounting will be starting from the third quarter of this fiscal year 21,
 and then in two years from today
 and a spin-off will be completed
 this is my understanding
 is this correct
 And the second question is about the company names of the new codes.
 Do you plan to name with Toshiba in the company's name, like Kyokushia or other?
 I think that in this scheme, I think the new company's name would be like the ones as Kyokushia.