 Now, it's time. May I start the presentation on Transforming Toshiba to Enhance your value
 and FY21 Second Quarter Consolidated Business Results.
 we are organizing this presentation session on online basis.
 From four to five o'clock,
 we will be presenting from our side
 and followed by 30 minutes question session
 for them in the world of media.
 The questions from analysts and investors will be accepted from 5.30 to 6 o'clock Japan time.
 Please be aware of that.
 Now, we will be collecting questions
 via telephone conferencing system.
 As is informed to you beforehand,
 the conference call system will require the pre-registration beforehand.
 Let me introduce the presenter today.
 President NCEO Satoshi Tsunakawa.
 Thank you.
 Corporate Senior Executive Vice President, Mamoru Hatazawa.
 Representative execs with the officer,
 Corporate Executive Vice President and CFO Masayoshi Hirata.
 We have a chairperson of the strategic review committee outside director of Paul broth. He is joining from Hong Kong on online
 My name is Hara of Corporate Communication Department.
 We are providing simultaneous transition, so if you are watching live streaming in Japanese,
 You will be able to hear Translation's voice.
 Please be aware of that.
 First, before going into transforming Toshiba to enhance Shihara's value, may I have Mr.
 to Tunaka to say a few words upon the receipt of the report from Governor's Enhancement
 Committee today.
 Now, first of all, I would like to say a few words on behalf of the company upon the report
 of the government assessment committee.
 First off, I'd like to express profound appreciation
 to the members of the government and as a committee who have made tremendous efforts
 and time since their appointment to investigate the root codes of the issue raised in the
 Investigation report, clarify where the responsibility lies and compile recommendations for formulating
 than me just to prevent recurrence.
 I recognize that the Toshiba's Governors and Assessment Committee based on the strong
 believe that restructuring of the governors is essential for the revival of the Toshiba
 has compiled reports for our future.
 Thank you.
 But no issue of illegality was discovered according to the report of the Government Enhancement
 community, having said that, though, I feel as a part of the senior management of the
 company, I am extremely ashamed and embarrassed that the senior members of
 company and their actions was concluded that an act as a whole of our list the
 corporate ethics demanded by the market.
 We have just received the final report of the governor's and his committee, but we will
 continue to discuss the governance seriously within the company based on the contents of the report,
 including recommendations for the affirmation of the recurrence prevention measures.
 we believe that this recurrence prevention measures
 will form the very first step to restore the trust of the shahudu which has been restored so far.
 Now, one of the group's philosophy is doing the right thing.
 employees on the front lines of the operations are working day to day based
 on this value. On the other hand, I believe that some of the members of the senior management
 were acted quite differently from this policy and that should be sincerely remorse over.
 The corporate management is established based on the trust relationship with all stakeholders
 the government assessment committee also pointed out that the importance of top at the turn
 and organizational leaders demonstrating their commitment
 to value, ethics, and integrity.
 Until now, the culture to recognize the mistakes
 and a very good communication.
 So that anyone can raise opinions escalated to a higher level.
 But also, we need to ensure the psychological safety of all
 employees, we will make persistent efforts in this regard.
 As I will announce today, our group decided to separate the energy infrastructure businesses
 and storage device business sets,
 There will be these separate companies
 and aim for the IPodes set independently.
 this is a drastic change
 but because these businesses will be separated
 and being independent.
 And therefore, the committed to people
 and commit it to the future,
 based on this philosophy, under the new corporate culture,
 Each business is poised to grow, and this is a great opportunity.
 But beforehand, it is a critical mission of the senior management to enhance governance beforehand.
 I appreciate your continued support and asking for your cooperation.
 Thank you very much.
 Next, we'd like to present on the transforming Toshiba
 to enhance a shareholder's value, and Mr. Tonakawa will make presentations.
 I'd like to explain on our new management policy titled as Transforming Toshiba to Enhance
 shelter's value, the corporate executive vice president,
 Hatazawa will also be presenting, and also online,
 chairperson of the Strategic Review Committee, Mr. Paul,
 I will also be attending as well.
 Now, today, Toshiba Group has decided on its significant
 transformation to further leap forward for the future.
 Let me first introduce why this is the best path forward for Toshiba and our shareholders
 and what it means for our business going forward.
 And then, we would like to invite Mr. Braff to explain on the evaluation made by the Strategic
 review committee.
 After that, Mr. Hatta
 that we'll talk on, but the business outlook will be for the standalone companies after
 separation.
 about our path to unlocking the value
 that I'd like to explain.
 Now, at the board of director meeting held this morning,
 This is what's made for Toshiba's strategic reorganization to separate the business into
 to two businesses as a result, there will be three standalone companies to be formulated.
 one infrastructure service company,
 Second is Devast Company, and the third is Toshiba.
 As we conclude, this strategic reorganization
 to be the best path forward for Toshiba.
 and their stakeholders.
 We took into account the view of our important
 shareholders and other case stakeholders, as well as the business characteristics and
 the value chain of each of our diverse businesses.
 Over our history of over 140 years, Toshiba has constantly evolved to stay ahead of the
 Times.
 Today's announcement is no different.
 Toshiba has built a portfolio of leading businesses, but in order to enhance our competitive positioning,
 Each business needs greater flexibility to address its own market opportunities and challenges.
 The official names for the new companies will be announced in due course.
 Here is an overview of the three independent businesses.
 Infrastructure Service Company will consist of Toshiba Energy Systems and Solutions Infrastructure
 systems and solutions, building solutions,
 digital solutions, and battery businesses, and become accompanied with the forecasted
 net sales of 2.1 trillion according to the fiscal year's forecast.
 increased focus combined with its innovative technological solutions will enable it to
 play a leading role in driving the transition to renewable energy to meet
 ambitious global carbon neutrality goals and advancing infrastructure resilience as a
 leading player.
 Device Company will be comprised of the Toshiba Electric Device and Storage Solutions business
 and become accompanied with forecasted nest cells of 870 billion yen.
 Its products will be, including powers and conductors, high-capacity hard disk drives,
 HDDE for data centers, and semiconductor manufacturing
 equipment. It will be a global leader in supporting the evolution of social and
 IT infrastructure.
 Toshiba will continue to hold the companies on ownership stake in Kyokusha Holding Corporation
 and Toshiba Tech Cooperation.
 Kouto Shiba will seek to monetize the share of Kyokushia at an appropriate timing.
 The separation this time enables us to better align each new company by its unique business
 characteristics.
 Instastructure Service Company.
 Relate business focus on the direct sale of equipment and the provision of solutions to specific customers.
 It has long business cycles that are more heavily dependent on negotiations between business
 than the market conditions at large.
 In addition, it will be a capital night business, and there are also major differences to the
 the extent in which we conduct customized production.
 In contrast, device companies primarily manufactures and sells devices such as semiconductors
 and other materials, its business cycles are shorter and can be impacted significantly
 by the market conditions.
 will be a capital intensive business that requires scale of a continuous production across
 multiple customer orders, and we're not to be speaking, the large capital investment
 need to made in a very flexible manner.
 So objective of a spin-off, there are three reasons.
 First, the separation will unlock immense value by removing complexity.
 Monday.
 second, it enables us to have a much more focused and agile decision making and their
 management.
 The third separation naturally enhances choices for our shareholders.
 Our board and management team firmly believe that the strategic reorganization is the right
 step for sustainable profitable growth for each of the businesses and the best path to
 create additional value for our stakeholders.
 For our shareholders, we will unlock value by having dedicated and well-skilled management teams.
 We will be able to provide our customers more innovative and
 and entire pay-loader services and solutions to meet their evolving needs.
 Our employees will have the opportunities to work at more focused companies where they can gain more technical expertise and self-growth opportunities and have greater growth potential in their chosen field.
 and the separation will benefit our community
 by providing more focused solutions to solve social issues of carbon neutrality and infrastructure
 resilience.
 that we are all facing.
 We believe that there are three main benefits of the business
 First, the standalone companies will have improved management and governance structures.
 infrastructure service company and device company are expected to have
 dedicated management teams that bring deep industry knowledge with a clear
 growth strategy.
 We will of course consider candidates from outside of the company for building new management structure.
 The new structures also will facilitate more agile decision-making with greater focus and
 knowledge of their respective companies, customers, and employees in addition to new
 structure creates optionality for both new companies to on their make on separate and
 informed decision regarding potential strategy partners.
 Second, the standalone companies will have more effective, efficient, and tailored capital
 allocation policies.
 more closely matching their industry peers.
 This will enable them to better explore options to optimize their cost of capital by managing their leverage and
 provide more direct engagement with the capital markets and increase the
 the ability to target debt and equity investors which could drive additional cost savings.
 And third, and certainly not least, we will be able to increase SHIHORA's return.
 Toshiba intends to monetize shares in Kyokusha while maximizing the shareholders' value
 and return the net proceeds in full to shareholders as soon
 as practicable as possible to the extent that doing so does not
 to fill with a smooth implementation of this separation. This will increase the return
 to Toshiba Shehorus while allowing them to participate in the continued upside of the
 two standalone companies.
 In addition, this will facilitate fair value by providing compelling investment opportunities
 that meet different preferences of the shareholders' investors.
 So Sibet has recently beat up a strong track record of creating return to the value of the
 based on the targeted dividend payout ratio of 30% as committed over the last four years,
 We have steadily increased our dividend payment from 30 yen per share in FY 2018 to an expected
 at 80 yen per share in FI 21.
 In addition, the special dividend of 110 yen per share had already been provided during
 on an email ordering FI 21 to
 She-
 .
 SIVA has also maintained a commitment to return excess capital to shareholders.
 We bought back
 700 billion yen worth of
 worth of the shares in 2019 and another 100 billion yen in 2021.
 Capital, in excess of appropriate level of capital, will be used to provide
 by shareholders' return, including the share buyback in FY22,
 as well as in FY23, to the extent that it will not
 to fear with a smooth execution of our business and business
 Liberation.
 The expect-
 amount is going to be about 100 billion yen.
 In addition, we will utilize appropriate level of levelages and continue reviewing our business
 portfolio, including consideration of the divestiture opportunity.
 A strategic reorganization, this time, is the last step
 in Toshiba's commitment.
 They just stepped in Toshiba's commitment
 to creating and returning shareholders value.
 And the spin-off, we are working with relevant authorities and advisors to determine the
 best and the most effective and efficient way to spin off the businesses with an intention
 of effective transaction in a tax qualified spin-off structure pursuant to the recent
 tax reform legislation in Japan.
 We will continue to keep you updated as we move through this process.
 The timeline is that the reorganization is expected to be completed in the second half
 for the fiscal year 2023, subject to a shareholder's
 and in obtaining approval from the relevant authorities.
 However, we will make an effort to speed up the processes to the extent that is feasible.
 Moreover, we are considering seeking for shahudas to vote on it at the proposed extraordinary
 general meeting of the shareholders expected in the first quarter of the next calendar
 year if possible.
 a board steering committee is expected to be formed,
 which will include strategic review committee members
 in order to provide continuity and accountability
 for the successful completion of the business operation.
 In terms of the cost associated with the spin-off,
 we expect to incur 10 billion yen from FY21 and onwards.
 The spin-off costs are expected to be offset
 by reducing SGA on the A expenses in each businesses
 based on pure benchmarks.
 Now, over the past nearly five months or so,
 we have proactively evaluated a full range of options
 to enhance Jehovah's value.
 following the strategic review committees.
 Tomorrow evaluation, the board concluded that the strategic organization is the best path
 forward for Toshiba and its shareholders.
 Representing the Toshiba's management, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Mr.
 of the Strategic Review Committee.
 On behalf of the Board of Trustees,
 of the board member, I would like to once again express the profound appreciation for your
 efforts and time spent through the evaluation of the wide-ranging value-enhancing options
 over the years.
 And now I'd like to call upon Mr. Braff to comment directly on this plan.
 Mr. Bloss, please start.
 Thank you, Mr Chairman, and thank you all for attending.
 The committee is confident the separation plan is the optimal path to value creation for all Toshiba shareholders.
 As Mr. Sunakawa outlined, the plan will create three independent entities, each of which
 will be better organized, equipped, and focused to unlock shareholder value more effectively
 than the company can do in its current form.
 with greater focus and a strong foundation,
 Each business will be better positioned
 to invest in future consistent growth.
 with its individual needs
 and capital allocation profile.
 This focus will generate more growth and innovation for customers.
 opportunities for employees and the potential to serve their communities and the world.
 In addition, shareholders will be able to benefit from the conversion of Toshiba's shares
 in Keoxia into cash, from which all net proceeds will be returned to shareholders.
 the significant net operating losses of Toshiba
 will be utilized to offset capital gains tax liabilities.
 This will increase returns for the cheaper shareholders
 while allowing them to participate
 in the continued upside of the two standalone businesses.
 This will also facilitate value creation by a compelling investment opportunities that meet the different preferences of shareholders and investors.
 The separation plan represents a significant inflection point in our evolution.
 a bold new initiative that capitalises on the government's recent actions and looks beyond
 the confines of past Japanese business practices.
 The normal nature of this step for a company of Toshiba's importance is indicative of Toshiba's
 determination to follow the best course for long-term shareholder value
 creation. We undertook a rigorously objective process to arrive at this
 conclusion, including receiving input from a broad group of shareholders and both strategic
 and financial investors.
 We very much appreciate the views and perspectives that are reflected in the development of this
 plan. After comparing this plan to a wide range of other alternatives, we concluded that this
 This approach provides shareholders the greatest potential for value enhancement with significant
 flexibility and opportunity for increased returns.
 this is by no means
 the end of the SRC's work.
 We shall continue to oversee the preparation of the separation plan, until the shareholders
 vote on this at the proposed EGM in the first quarter of next year. At that point, it is
 expected that a board steering committee will be formed, which would include SRC members
 in order to provide continuity and accountability
 was a successful completion of the plan.
 Our collective backgrounds include highly relevant expert unions and expertise, and we
 expected to be supported in this effort by external experts and newly recruited executives
 to help round out the existing management team.
 In conclusion, I would like to thank all of you for watching this video.
 to convey my personal conviction as chairman of the SRC that it is absolutely the right
 time and to step forward for Tushiba and an exciting, energising and critical one that
 will launch the company on a compelling new value creation path. We look forward to continuing
 out work and working closely with Mr Sunakawa, the board and the management team as we implement
 the separation plan.
 And we look forward to hearing your reactions and responses
 and receiving your support at the forthcoming, the EGN.
 Thank you.
 No.
 Going back to the presentation material,
 transforming Toshiba to enhance shareholder value.
 I would like to call upon Mr. Hatazawa to explain the strategy.
 Good afternoon.
 As Mr. Tsunakawa just explained, Toshiba will spin off its two business operations to infrastructure
 service company and the device company for evolution into the future.
 The next three years will be an important three years to ensure spinoff and to lay the groundwork for growth after spinoff and to transform ourselves for the future.
 I will explain on this important plan for the next three years.
 Please note that figures shown under this section are based on the current organizational
 structure and only covered a period of three years from fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year
 2023. We expect financial improvements will further accelerate once the separation is completed.
 We intended to announce a more refined management plan for each new company on a separate occasion
 at the later date.
 First, infrastructure services company.
 Infrastructure Service Company will help our customers and partners achieve their
 ambitious sustainability goals.
 We are ideally positioned to address two important social issues, carbon neutrality
 and infrastructure resilience, and related needs of our customers, infrastructure service
 company will utilize its customer knowledge and the technological expertise to exploit
 such business opportunities in order to enhance shareholder
 value. In fact, we already have many customers and partners asking us to assist them in these
 areas and we understand that the key to
 growth in energy and infrastructure lies in the intersection of AI, security and a platform
 technologies. The conversion to cyber-physical solutions business is what we refer to as
 xDigital. By working closely with our customers and
 and partners, we will consolidate our domestic leadership in Japan and expand our global
 market share with focus in Asia.
 In the energy multiplied by the digital domain, the realization of carbon neutrality is an
 urgent global issue for our customers.
 We already have a sound track record
 of delivering equipment and facilities to power utility
 suppliers as well as for EPC and maintenance services for power plants and in the transmission
 and a distribution business.
 Further, growth will result from the advancement of efficient use of energy through energy
 matting and energy management services. We will solve problems together with
 customers on both the power supply side and the demand side.
 This is a huge market and we have new technologies to offer.
 Based on our vast experience working with partners, we will expand our business across the full value chain.
 Thank you for watching.
 We'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.
 Likewise, the infrastructure, multiplied by digital domain, offers us significant growth
 opportunities. We will create value for our customers by promoting optimal
 operational operations of infrastructure and achieve resilience by ensuring security.
 already today we have an established a business model
 introducing equipment and facilities to infrastructure companies including maintenance
 services. In the future, we will combine our operational knowledge and the digital technology
 specific to infrastructure users to provide asset management solutions,
 including deterioration, diagnosis, O&M, automation, and labor-saving solutions,
 and consulting to realize optimization of infrastructure operation cost and service usage cost.
 Our bold investment plan for the next three years underpins our huge growth opportunities
 with about 500 billion yen, marked for CAPEX R&D and as well as a Monday.
 We are eyeing to pursue a capital-like business model for the infrastructure of this company
 with a medium to long term strategy.
 The infrastructure service company shows a solid financial
 profile and a strong gross outlook.
 the company expects net sales to grow at 3.3% compound annual growth rate, CAGR, from 2.390
 billion yen in fiscal year 2021 to 230 billion yen in fiscal year 2023.
 And also expect to improve operating income at 5% level.
 Regarding free cash flow, we plan to improve free cash flow steadily and to maintain double
 digit ROIC at 10%.
 Device Company.
 Device Company will lead the evolution of social and information infrastructure through its semiconductor and storage businesses.
 Our leading products are significantly contributing to the wider society,
 including the realization of carbon neutrality.
 The strength of the business lies with its customer relationships, years of experience
 for technology development and capacity creation
 of production facilities, which we tend to expand with a sharper focus on its fast business
 cycle. We are well positioned as a global provider of leading products to
 transfer our technology further into profits and sustainable growth.
 in the field of power semiconductors.
 we will actively invest in the growth markets,
 including the development of 300 millimeter line facilities
 compound semiconductors, say carbide and gallium nitride. This will enable us to drive
 the acceleration of power efficiency, improvements in equipment,
 and social infrastructure.
 we are targeting net sales of a hundred twenty billion
 in FY 2023 compared with the 95 billion yen in FY 21.
 one.
 equivalent to an average annual growth rate of 13%.
 with expanding demand for data centers,
 along with the evolution of society's
 digitization, information, infrastructure,
 significant market growth expected in storage business.
 near line HCTs through collaboration in the development of key components, advanced development
 in specialized areas and practice safety improvement.
 rapidly expand the development of the high-capacity products
 and also strengthen support systems
 for data center customers.
 For near line HDDs, we have set a sales plan of 200 billion yen in FY21 and 280 billion
 in FY 2023 equivalent to an annual growth rate of 18%.
 Prior to the separation, the device company will invest to bolster its technological
 strengths in selected areas.
 In addition to expanding its power semiconductor production facilities,
 device company plans to increase the capacity of its semiconductor development facilities
 and the supply capacity of near-line HDDs.
 In addition, its R&D focus will be on expanding its lineup
 and developing new models.
 we expect total investment of more than 300 billion yen
 in the three years till FY 2023.
 for the device company as a whole.
 net sales that compound a new growth of 3.3% from 870 billion in FY 21 to 880 billion yen to FY 23 and
 and excluding the growth for the transfer of memory.
 It is a THUR of 3.3%.
 and operating income.
 from 7.1% to 6.1%.
 However, if we take into consideration that the forex premise is 105 yen to the dollar
 in 2022 and 2023 and planned large investments during 2021 and 2022 for the growth beyond 2024.
 these needs to be considered and that the actual profitability is likely to improve.
 For the combined Toshiba Group, in FY23, we are targeting net sales of $3.5 trillion,
 operating margin of 5.7 percent, Royc of 10 percent, pre-cash flow of 100 billion yen.
 As you can see from our remarks today, we are excited about the future.
 We look forward.
 That's true our spin-off plan separation plan that we will be able to deliver to all these shared stakeholders and
 and that we will be transformative
 through this separation plan
 based on our management philosophy,
 are committed to people, committed to our future, we will continue to contribute broadly
 to society by creating a succession of new values and providing them to our customers.
 Thank you very much for listening
 Next, we would like to use the powerful material titled FI-21 Second Quarter Consolidated Business
 results. Mr. Hirata, I will be presenting on the results.
 Now, IHERITA will present on the second quarter results for FY 2021.
 Now, first, if you could turn to page 3.
 This is the key point of this result.
 There are five key points.
 The first point is regarding the fact that, for example, in the semiconductor business,
 continuously from the first quarter.
 It is performed quite well in the second quarter,
 and there is an improvement in energy business as well.
 As a result, during the first half of 2021,
 we were able to mark positive growth in revenue and income.
 compared to the same period of last year.
 sales revenue was 1 trillion 546.4 billion yen with which an 175 billion
 again increase of the revenue year over year.
 Now operating income was $45 billion, which was $41.9 billion in increase compared to
 of the same period last year.
 Now the second point is regarding pre-cash flow, which has improved due to the improvement
 of the EBDA and improvement in working capital due to the software such as receipt of advanced
 payments and EROBA we were able to see a great improvement for the first half
 That's positive.
 131.4 billion. That was an increase of 124.3 billion yen year over year.
 The third point is regarding order taking.
 for orders, which was increased very robustly due to a large scale project, and it has increased
 by 19% year over year.
 Fourth point is regarding the forecast for the full year 2021, there are the search and
 material and logistics costs as well as the shortage of semiconductor products and such
 impact is gradually visible.
 However, the semiconductor business of our company is performing quite well, it is off-setting
 of the negative impact as a result of that operating income remains to be the same as
 the previous forecast at $170 billion yen.
 Next is the shareholders' return policy.
 Now 100 billion yen of stock buyback as well as special dividend distribution of 110 yen
 was completed in addition at the board organized today.
 we have approved of a 40 yen per share of the interim dividend.
 At the year end dividend, the dividend forecast was already been announced at 40 yen per share,
 So the full year dividend forecast of 190 yen remains unchanged.
 If you could turn to slide 6.
 This is the total picture of profit and loss statement.
 The first, the remaining for the first half was one Korean 546.4 billion yen and that was
 and 30% of increase in revenue.
 Now, the infrasystems had a slight decrease in revenue,
 However, for the other segments, all the segments,
 besides the investor system was increased its revenue,
 operating income was 45 billion yen. There was a revenue increase on top of that, weaker
 had positive impact at $41.9 billion increase year over year. The non-operating income and loss
 related to, for example, equity method companies such as Skiuxia, there's a positive of 37.1
 billion yen and in total income before income taxes was 82.1 billion yen which
 an increase of 62 billion yen and after that income taxes were deducted and the net profit
 for this year is 59.8 billion yen, which was an increase of 56.3 billion yen a year.
 Moving on to page 7.
 This is the operating income analysis compared to a year ago.
 Our left is the first half operating income of FY2020, which was 3.1 billion yen during
 in the first half of FI 20,
 the restructuring cost of $7.8 billion was posted.
 So we rebus back this amount and the operating income
 without the impact of restructuring cost
 about 11 billion yen. And the R recovery from COVID pandemic and the R 40 billion yen of the revenue
 will be added and, assumably, the revenue is approximately 50 billion yen.
 And according to our business plan, in order to streamline the overseas offices and locations,
 We have posted about 5 billion yen worth of restructuring costs, and therefore, as a result,
 all...
 income for the first half of FY21 was 45 billion yen.
 I just mentioned at the outset, there are more visible impact arising from the soaring
 material and logistics costs as well as semiconductor shortages, and as this box says on top of the
 charge explains that a shortage of the semiconductor products is affecting as the reduction is
 revenue. As a result, the revenue negative impact was about 6 billion yen. On that
 behind the soring material and logistics costs
 considered as a part of the cost increase. As a result, the cost increase was about 14 billion yen.
 At a total, there was the income reduction impact of 20 billion yen or so.
 On page 8, non-operating income, as I said earlier, the equity in earnings of affidavits
 improved because mainly due to the increase of profit by 16.8 billion yen and therefore
 And if for the first half in fiscal year 2021, that 37.1 billion yen was recorded, up 20.1
 one video again from my ear earlier.
 page 9.
 Free cash flow.
 positive 131.4 billion yen as I said at the outset and that there was a cash
 out of the negative 53.1 billion yen cash flow from investing activities, however, due
 due to that collection on AR at the end of the previous fiscal year and the receipt of
 the advances of large projects that cash flow
 from operating activities with positive 184.5 billion yen.
 and the bottom half provides the equity
 at the beautiful shareholders of the company, which
 decreased by 81.7 billion yen.
 the sheer
 equity due to the share repurchase of 100 billion yen,
 and the year-end special dividend payout of 81.7 billion yen.
 and the 45.2 billion yen was recorded.
 And the shareholder equity ratio was 30.5%.
 And page 10 is the breakdown of what we have explained.
 and the shareholder's equity ratio,
 the net interest of bearing debt.
 it's 47.5 billion yen and page 11 explanation by segment and 12 page 12
 is also bi-segment, as I explained earlier, excluding infrastructure system most
 increased in both sales and profit, and here is the energy system on page 13.
 Net sales was 236 billion yen. Operating income was 4.5 billion yen.
 That's it.
 Thank you.
 Next time...
 increased by 45.9 billion yen from a year earlier,
 as you can see here.
 the next cells increasing, both power generation system
 transmission and distribution.
 Given this increase in net sales, operating income also improved by 12 billion yen from
 from the previous year.
 Page 14 the top half provides infrastructure systems and solutions net sales with
 272.1 billion yen operating income was 0.3 billion yen.
 Public infrastructure.
 However, net sales increased, however, in industrial systems with the impact of a pandemic
 is still remaining, and the net sales in the entire segment
 decreased by 9.9 billion yen and operating income as well on top of the
 decrease because of the decrease in net sales and the cost of restructuring
 industrial systems and recently there was an increase in cost in overseas project in
 railways therefore segment as a whole so the decrease in operating income by 6.2 billion
 again for the first half. The bottom half provides the results for building a solution.
 net sales were 285.8 billion yen and operating income was 10.2 billion yen and net sales
 recovered mainly in the air conditioning business and therefore net sales increased by 26.5
 million yen and on the other hand operating income due to the increase in net sales and
 although there were negative impacts of the material cost increase and logistic cost increase
 and its impact of the shortage of semiconductors, elevator, escalator, business in particular,
 and also impacts of the forex.
 and the all-in-all operating income was almost a flat.
 on page 15 device and storage.
 net sales of a 432.9 billion yen, which was up 108.9 billion yen from a year
 operating income was 34.7 billion yen, which is up 30.1 billion yen year-on-year.
 year. Semiconductors and hard disk drive, net sales increased mainly due to the recovery
 from the impact of the pandemic and driven by the increase in sales and the impacts of the forex
 and also effects of the restructuring which was conducted last year, income increased.
 and in others and a hardware disk in the same period of last year,
 the operation ratio of the plant in the Philippines was reduced to significantly due to mainly due to pandemic.
 Therefore, there was an increase of sales to data centers during this fiscal year that
 The gross ratio has been significant.
 Site 16, the upper half is Retail and Printing Solutions.
 It sells $221.7 billion and operating income $4.3 billion.
 So it is in black compared to loss making last year.
 Similarly, recovery from the COVID
 And also last year we conducted the restructural reform
 with this retail and both printing,
 has achieved an increase in sales and also income.
 The bottom half is digital solutions.
 mainly by the increase of the public sector projects.
 Revenue, $103.5 billion, which is an increase by $3.6 billion,
 Also, operating income was $8.5 billion, which is a $3.9 billion increase.
 Page 17.
 amount of orders received and also the order backlog for the three years the trend is given
 On the left is the amount of orders received.
 for the first half, the orders to be seized,
 Compared ear-on-ear, 19% increase.
 mainly in the energy systems, similar to FY19, in FY21 as well.
 there were orders of large-scale projects.
 And, if you move to the right part, which is the Order Backlog, Order Backlog also is steadily
 increasing.
 Then please take a look at page 19.
 It is the equity earnings from Kyoksia, and for the figures I already mentioned earlier.
 bit growth and also ASP difference change is given in the bold font is that
 for the bit growth, higher 10% range. We are seeing quite a growth, and for ASB, mid-single
 digital increase. Compared to three months before first quarter, the price increase is
 becoming more slower.
 Page 20 explains about how we completed our share repurchase plan.
 Cy21 and beyond is about the full ear forecast for FY21 full ear
 For net sales, 3 trillion 350 billion yen, and compared to what we announced three months
 With a 4, it is an upward revision of $100 billion.
 income before tax and net income.
 as Kyoksia's portion is unknown for the six months ahead,
 six months ahead.
 So this is just as a reference.
 in the first half
 There was a 200, excuse me, 20 billion upward revision
 from Kyokuseya equity earnings.
 So we have made an upward revision for the income before tax and also net income
 For operating income and free cash flow, we maintain the previous forecast and there is no change.
 Change.
 Slide 23 is a forecast by segment.
 At the very right column, it gives the difference
 between the previous forecast announced three months before.
 A little lower than the middle divides in storage.
 Thanks for watching.
 for the revenue, $80 billion upward revision for net sales. However, having said that,
 out of this 80 billion,
 Kyoxia memory resale is still included, which accounts for about half.
 So in real terms, semi-conductor or
 Hard drive related, gross increase in revenue is about $40 billion.
 one column above Retail and Printing Solutions,
 as Toshiba Tech already announced their figures
 Their figures and their overseas retail is very strong. Also with the week again. We have made an upward vision of
 of $20 billion.
 As they made this award of division,
 vision we also reflected the same and as I mentioned for the company-wide operating income no change
 change, but by segment, building solutions, especially retail printing, Toshiba Tech,
 of the soaring material and logistic cost, lack of semiconductors, each segment compared
 which is a previous announcement,
 made a downward revision by five billion.
 On the other hand, in the first half,
 device and storage has been very strong.
 So in net it is a 15 billion increase in profit
 Slide 24.
 similar to first half analysis on the left.
 is FY20, 104.4 billion operating profits, and we had 17.5 billion restructuring costs.
 So this is reversed.
 the rule mean that we have an operating profit income of $120 billion.
 In addition to this, if you go a little to the right,
 on a planned basis.
 We have the restructuring.
 and $21 billion.
 Also
 Excuse me, restructuring cost of 10 billion and also fixed cost increase for 21 billion
 And half of that depreciation and also half is for R&D with these expenses cost increasing,
 with the increased in revenue and also with the effect of the restructuring, which will
 offset, the increase of a cost, and $170 billion profit is achievable.
 lack of semiconductor and also the soaring material price.
 as I mentioned earlier, that is illustrated in the balloon.
 So that was about the second quarter results.
 explanation. Thank you very much.
 That concludes the presentation part of the session.
 Now we'd like to move on to the Q&A session.
 And a question will be taken by Mr. Tsunakawa, Mr. Atazawa,
 Mr. Hiratara, as well as the four members joining via online.
 And when there are questions, please state your name.
 Now, we will have 30 minutes questions
 to be picked up from the members of the feed media.
 And let me double it on the method of taking questions.
 The questions are only because you're from the people who
 registered beforehand and if you have any questions please press Asterix N1 it is
 not the pound, but it is the asterisk.
 And the emulator will call out your name.
 And therefore, please start your question.
 And if you'd like to retract your question,
 and please press Asterix N2.
 Now, during the Q&A, please stop the audio from the internet.
 and there might be some feedback
 If your phone picks up the audio from that website,
 If you're not speaking and hearing the answers,
 So please mute yourself in order not to disrupt by the noises from your end, such as typing
 keyboard.
 Now we'd like to enter the questions for Mr. Yao of Nippon Nikei.
 This is a hyal of Nikkei. Can you hear us?
 Thank you very much for the presentation.
 first off
 Now, regarding the separation into three entities, what are the flows of discussion that results
 it's in this conclusion.
 Well, for between the SRC and the Board of Directors, I think that discussion was ongoing.
 And the food was first came up with the idea of separation.
 What type of other choices that we have discussed other than the separation of the entities?
 Now, this is Tsunakaba.
 May I answer to your question?
 Now, as I mentioned earlier, executive side and also the board meeting have had the meetings
 almost every week for the last five months.
 There were many strategic options that we discussed.
 and also that were reviewed of the medium term plan
 that we have compiled and also we at the SRC had had a discussion about the potential
 privatization with a partner.
 So we have compared many options.
 Now, in regard to the ideas of tax-free spin-off,
 Well, we were discussing, and after the end of the discussion,
 I'll see you in the next video.
 and the board, we came up with this idea.
 And as Powerpoint have mentioned, the executive team
 management side have had a very confident in pursuing this option of
 the tax-free spin-off, I believe that this is the best possible path forward for Toshiba.
 That is all. Thank you very much.
 Aren't there any other options that we have discussed?
 Could you allow that on that?
 Could you repeat the question?
 So when the spin-off idea surfaced, and SRC or the sale management, who was the first one to say?
 And were there any other options?
 Regarding other options, SRC will issue a report at a later date about how the discussion
 have developed. It was about 10 pages long, a document that we intend to publish in due
 course, but it was several months ago that this particular idea surfaced, and SRC, we
 We at the management and advisors, all parties involved and made a discussion.
 In the course of the whole discussion, we came up with the idea of a tax-free spinoff
 and the feasibility of that idea was recognized
 as a viable option, and ultimately, we came up with the idea of separation into three
 companies and executive side have proposed this idea.
 May I move on to the second question then?
 Second question is, regarding the future growth.
 Now, spin-off, it's just talking about the institution.
 It is mean, but how are you gonna make growth
 in real-time basis that I'd like to explore with you.
 The reason is that in regard to the TUSHMA Next Plan in FI-25,
 4 to the end of the net sales and a full 100 billion yen of operating income and 10 percent
 about an income margin, that was the target.
 and uh...
 a total of the three entities
 will you be able to
 exceed that initial target.
 and in the case of the change bar,
 The source of growth is coming from the technology developed by R&D and what is the source of
 the development and how are you going to separate that into three entities?
 Could you label it on that?
 I think the answer is that the question is to talk about the growth potential and as
 The page 8 describes there are three rectangles.
 and from left and right,
 uh... relatively speaking,
 that these are considered shareholders,
 where we are changing the entities, structures,
 and simplify the operation so that we can materialize the values
 and thereby providing more options for the shareholders.
 but in regard to the growth of the square in the middle,
 where the full-cast and agile management,
 That would be the largest difference
 these are the other ideas to give you some specific ideas.
 And, for example, as Mr. Hatazawa mentioned earlier,
 the power semiconductor to be growth.
 And then the investment into 300 millimeter was made.
 And that is something that I reflect upon now,
 that semi-conductor is in shortages nowadays and
 in retrospect
 Probably a year before our decision, or at least six months before our actual decision,
 that the investment had had to be made but there were headquarters and the sub-stories and there are
 the topic 60 meetings and others and therefore it took quite a long time to make final decisions
 And in terms of agility, there are something
 that we have personally flexed upon.
 And therefore, looking at each market
 the competition situation and the peers or the competitive landscape that we need to
 carefully look at and the focus and the very small
 management will have to make very agile decisions so that we can compete well in the global
 market. So that's why we decided to separate the entities in this way. I personally believe
 That's all.
 And in regard to Toshiba next plan,
 how the number will play out.
 In regard to the specific targeted numbers
 when we discussed with Shahoudis, as SRC had mentioned earlier,
 that Toshiba always make the three-year medium-term plan
 in the year three,
 So she had never had achieved the results.
 and the target.
 And that was actually a criticism that we have to face up.
 And we are thinking about feasible number.
 and we incorporate that into this presentation.
 I just wanted to add that to my comments.
 Thank you very much.
 as explained by Mr. Motinakawa earlier regarding the statement by the board.
 has been already released on our press release web page titled
 about the processes leading to the spin-off plan by the board of directors of the company.
 that is already released on our website.
 site.
 Bloomberg, Mr. Furukawa, Mr. Furukawa, this is Furukawa of Bloomberg speaking.
 Can you hear me?
 Yes, we can.
 I have two questions. May I ask two questions at once?
 Yes, please.
 I have questions to Tsunakawa-san regarding this reorganization.
 I understood.
 advantage is very well, but changing the organization of the company, there will be risks incurred
 and potential demerits as well and in reorganization process in I think that you were going to
 explain this to employees and other stakeholders like business partners so do you think that the
 the all stakeholders will understand this and accept this.
 And the second point is about the conversion of the stake
 in Keoxia into cash.
 The shares will be partly purchased and most of the net proceeds will be returned to the
 shareholders and this time are you going to divest all the shares held by the
 company and could you please explain whether the plan stays unchanged and an IPO policy
 related to Kyokushia, and do you still keep the strategy or policy to keep the Kyokushia
 IPO. And regarding merits and demerits and in the competitive landscape, there are advantages
 regarding the creative capabilities of Toshiba.
 As in the question asked by the reporter from Nikkei, I couldn't respond to that regarding
 research laboratory, were there any concerns about that? He asked that question as well.
 and researchers and staffers in principle.
 are going to be divided into two companies,
 and along companies.
 There needs to be a system of process allowing the exhibition of a capable
 And we would like to work out the details related to the basic research at the research laboratories.
 laboratories and that is the remaining challenge for us. We have to work on that
 But in principle, staffers will be divided into two standalone companies to promote individual
 So companies, semi-conductor energy and infrastructure,
 the core weight of the management strategy will be changed.
 But we believe that the disadvantage will outweigh disadvantages.
 And as you said, we would like to come up with a system
 to improve the situation related to any potential disadvantages in your question.
 Regarding your second question about Pachioxia, whatever which will exceed the appropriate
 level of capital will be returned to shareholders.
 And earlier, a majority of stake, the net seats, proceeds from the sale of the Kyokushia
 the shares will be returned to shareholders and considering the current financial position.
 the everything in excess of the appropriate capital.
 Well, we thought that even if when we return all the proceeds from the sale to shareholders,
 we would be able to sustain the financial structure.
 So this time we said that all the proceeds will be returned to shareholders.
 Of course, anything related to the spin-off will be kept.
 by IPOs policy, which stays unchanged.
 And this is to be determined by Bayne, therefore this is not something we are able to determine.
 But following the decision by Bank, we like to be cooperative with them so that we can
 be prepared.
 Thank you.
 Next, NHK. Smiles on, please.
 Please?
 This is Shmai from NHK. Do you hear me okay?
 Yes.
 I would like to ask Tanaka-san
 It's about
 Disadvantage of the separation plant and there was a mention about the R&D
 So 3 trillion yen sells size by splitting that, separating that.
 So, size-wise, it will be smaller, first of all, but still, do you believe that you will
 be viable with a smaller size and also I would like to ask Mr. Broff is that privatization
 has been often mentioned, and this time, so the three entities being listed, so that is
 quite the contrary with privatization. So have you given up with the privatization and if you have
 have given up for the privatization.
 So what was the reason in the cause?
 So can I hear from you?
 So first, Mr. Snakawa will respond and then we will be switching the image camera and
 and also the voice to connect to Mr. Brough.
 So the question was about three children being split and separated
 whether we are concerned about that.
 Your energy infrastructure business 2 trillion worth of business insides and semiconductor
 device storage $1 trillion, a little less than $1 trillion.
 trillion. So this is sizable, quite size, and we are aiming for a fresh start. And so
 So we are willing to start a very fresh start with a financial position, so we do not have
 any concerns. On the other hand, the two entities will be able to have a very agile
 management in their business in a very focused manner that is a large advantage.
 So I think I will switch to Mr. Broff.
 the image and also the voice.
 Thank you Chairman. As Chairman Sunakawa has mentioned we have uploaded this afternoon
 the SRC's 10 page letter, which I think is probably unprecedented, explaining the journey
 that the SRC, as well as the Board, has been through for the last five months, and within
 In that letter you will see a section related to the potential privatisation of Tushiba
 and all of the work that we did on that particular option.
 What we ultimately decided was that the plan that we presented today, the separation plan,
 offered more flexibility to our shareholders and was, in fact, better as far as the long-term
 growth and value of Toshiba Corporation was concerned.
 So we believe the plan is the best for our shareholders.
 When we began the SRC exercise, there was a view expressed
 was by some shareholders, but not all,
 that we should be going straight to an auction process.
 frankly our fiduciary duties require us to explore all options and through that
 process the separation plan was developed. The reason for the separation plan is actually
 expanded the letter and it arose from all the work we'd done prior to that point. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Let me also supplement the SRC.
 Thank you.
 reports, it is in the report, but SRC with the strategic partners in a very deep manner
 first stage, second stage, third stage, in many layers.
 There was discussion and each partner, for example,
 NER, for example, regulatory risk, also about the antitrust, also Kyokushka, that the price
 is difficult and unclear and we did not come to a very clear cut pricing and that is also
 mentioned in the report, so I hope that you will read through the report. That is all for myself.
 So, did you say that with the partners you already had discussion with about the general
 shareholder meeting. Do you believe that it will be approved at the IGN?
 Right, in the disclosure in the announcement, between January and March, about the separation
 plan into three entities. We are confident in what we have announced and explained and
 And we are asking for the endorsement, and to seek opinions from these shareholders,
 we are expecting to hold EGM during January March.
 Thank you very much.
 Next, Murakami-san of Asahi Shimbun please.
 This is Murakami of the Asahi Shimbun. Can you all hear me? Yes.
 Thank you for the opportunity. May I ask a question to Mr. Tonakawa?
 separation into three entities.
 Well, when we look at from a different point of view,
 General Comprehensive Electric Company, that idea has already been given up on, and then
 that this is a disbandment of the companies.
 What do you think of this opinions?
 Well, let me answer that.
 Being a comprehensive electronic company,
 be it a TV, a personal computer, and a home appliances,
 and a medical that I used to belong to.
 There's nothing of the business already.
 and therefore we are no longer comprehensive
 electronic play, your however social infrastructure and device business in
 and semiconductors.
 these two entities.
 You mentioned that this is a despondiment, but in my opinion, this is an evolution for
 for the future. So it is not a dismantlement, but it is an evolution for the future. So
 we would like to be very confident in moving forward to the future.
 May I ask a second question, if I may?
 Now, the reorganization plan this time, what is the impact of the employment as well as
 that's a closure of your operating sites.
 Well, impact on the employment, I would not expect so, but that also requires further
 explanation to the society at large.
 So that's the policy that we'd like to take going forward in regard to the closure of the operating sites
 The plan does not complete with the announcement of the plan.
 announcement of the plan is the starting point for the future evolution.
 This is the starting point for further development.
 And therefore, we will continue with the portfolio review,
 kept allocation policies and we are poised to do that going forward and on top of that
 If necessary, there's nothing to be decided at this point in time, but we may conclude
 that perhaps the closure of the site is more rational,
 but we have started our path toward evolution.
 And therefore, in the minister of our course of actions,
 there will be other opportunities as well.
 Last question, if I may.
 the governance enhancement committee report
 that I'd like to ask about.
 In that report, the former senior executive officers
 have engaged in acts in violation of the corporate
 ethics, and based on that, well, although the duty was already
 I read from the former executives and still you are asking for them to pay back their
 remuneration, and also the sun damages the lawsuits to be made, and what do you think
 of that.
 Well, first, the
 .
 reason of the report was compiled that perhaps induced by the independent
 investigative report that perhaps the AGMM wasn't organized in a fair manner, such as
 interfering with the voting activities of the shareholders and so forth and then we
 the other company committed to the receipt of the independent investigative report in
 very serious in Sisyamana, and it is not the legal decision whether that was acceptable
 or not. It is just a fact that we received the report from investigators and also some
 some of the board's threats were suggested by the Shehorotts, and we believe that the
 pressure issue was the covenants issue of this company. That is awareness. So it wasn't
 about what had happened in the past.
 It was about the evolution for the future.
 and without having the redevelopment
 of the government structure of this company,
 The sustain of time will not be executed quite well.
 And therefore, as soon as possible,
 We would like to reorganize or redevelop the governance structure of this company and
 a full report of the Governance Enhancement Committee was now published and I look at
 the fourth quarter regarding the suggestions to the recurrence prevention measures and
 There were four major points were raised and how we are going to rebuild the governance
 of this company.
 How are we going to rebuild the governance that I'd like to highlight in my expertise going forward in the company.
 I do not intend to just reflect upon what had happened in the past.
 We just make a very sincere reflection about this, and it will always be the case that
 the company will say that we thought something had bad had happened and we
 the war teams go forward.
 That's not what we are going to do.
 We would do a serious exercise of such as brainstorming and discussions, and we would
 but to be very strenuous of implementing the recurrence
 prevention measures, and I'd like to spend a lot of time for that.
 Are you suggesting that what had to happen has a bygone, so bygones be bygone, and you
 You are going to focus on more forward-licking actions going forward.
 Is that a case?
 Well, compensation committee, as Ms. Wadahiki mentioned,
 of the mission, perhaps a competition committee
 may discuss something about what had happened in the past,
 But personally, I've actually just
 count on the compensation committee for the decisions
 to come in the future.
 Thank you very much.
 From Kodo News, Ms. Inouye, please have the floor.
 Yes, this is Inoue of Kyoto.
 I have a question to Mr. Tsunakawa regarding this decision.
 in the process leading to this decision.
 The competition of the board has been reduced from 13 by five members.
 you are serving as the president as well, and on the board as well.
 So I wonder how this decision was reached.
 So could you please give us your take on this?
 Yes, chairperson of the board is served as a temporary position and also for the president
 position, we needed to find a successor as soon as possible.
 Of course, the succession plan is being formed by any company, so anyway, this is something
 that should be determined by the nomination committee, so I will follow the decision by
 Committee and but for the current position and the duties and responsibility I would
 I'd like to dedicate myself to fulfill these duties.
 So do you have the idea that you are going to continue
 to serve in order to accomplish this spin-off.
 Well, at the board, the current board serving,
 Well, I think that by when I'm going to serve on the board
 that this is to be determined by the nomination committee.
 So, but as far as we have this time, for this being no fun,
 I would like to continue to dedicate myself.
 and Mr. Krup Matami resigned.
 And...
 day he was engaged in saying that he will respect the engagement with
 I think that, do you think that if there was no influence by the activists, do you think
 that you didn't. You had been reaching this decision this time around.
 Well, when you say activists, and in this process, we could learn a lot from the engagement
 with shareholders, particularly in relation to governance.
 There are many things that we could learn.
 irrespective of whether or not shareholders are activists or not, but this time in order
 to enhance the value of the company, and to enhance the shareholder's value, we believe
 that this was the right decision three years ago in 2018.
 Toshiba Next Plan was formulated, and at the time the company's goal was to, through maximization
 of corporate value, TSL, total shareholder return is to be enhanced.
 this is what we said so TSR or shareholder value to be maximized that
 That was what we said.
 And this policy has not changed at all.
 And this time,
 for the purpose of increasing the shareholder value
 or expanding the CSR.
 And this separation plan is very reasonable towards the future.
 We needed to make an evolution.
 We believe that this is a very important one step towards that.
 Thank you very much.
 From Diamond, Senbunki-san, please.
 On a related note, I would like to ask, is it about the talk of the day, or is it about
 management positions and I do have several questions.
 questions within the ear.
 to find a successor, and also the chair of the board meeting.
 And I understand that it will be difficult to find a successor within the calendar year.
 your ear, I would like to know whether that is correct and also what the reason and perhaps
 Mr. Broff from the nomination committee or anyone who is suitable to answer, I hope that
 would be answered. And also my next question is about the separation plan
 into three entities about the president CEO and the which that impact the
 finding the successor of the chairman and also
 When do you want to decide on the new management?
 So at the first question, we would like to ask Mr. Boffat and please wait as we will
 be switching the image and also the line.
 With regard to the separation plan, we should be able to recruit and retain people with
 more specialist skills rather than the generalist skills that are needed to run a conglomerate.
 And once we have the support of our shareholders, we will be on a course to start recruiting
 people for our respective boards. But that's a little bit early in the day at the moment,
 but of course the intention is to have appropriately qualified boards with industry experience
 to run those two stinker businesses.
 I think beyond that, we are going to go to our shareholders for an EGM in March, I think
 Once we've got that endorsement, we should be putting forward some more candidates for
 Toshiba Corporation 6502 to assist the board in particular with regard to the Orbit committee.
 Thank you.
 Excuse me.
 The EGM should be March, and the translator mistakenly announced that it was May.
 Thank you.
 That's it.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for coming.
 about the outside board directors deciding by December that plan and there was a question
 on that point and the reason. So this time this much strategic options and we had this
 changed in course and within the process.
 unless it was fixed and as we were not able to recruit and appoint someone so that was what
 what was mentioned at the nomination committee.
 I am not a member of the nomination committee.
 So the first priority was placed on to creating and specify
 the separation plan that was the priority.
 Thank you for watching.
 That was the supplementary explanation.
 So we will move to the next question.
 Next, Takahashi-san, over to you, Keisai, please.
 Can you hear me?
 Yes, very well.
 This is Takahashi Oto, your case.
 thank you very much for this opportunity. I would like to follow up the previous question.
 May I ask once again and confirm?
 Now, the chairperson of the company, for your company,
 Where, what is the selection process?
 Well, the question is that Senaka-san, are you going to serve as an interim chairperson
 to...
 ...
 until the spread separation of the companies.
 May I confer once again?
 And I'd like to ask another question at this juncture,
 but the company will be separated into three entities.
 And the third one, which is considered to be the current
 Toshiba portion that a Kyokushia steak will be on and also Toshiba tech shareholder is
 It's going to be Toshiba, but do you think that Toshiba will disappear in the future?
 I just wonder what is the continuation
 or existence of Toshiba entity going forward.
 regarding who will be the chairperson and CEO in the future,
 Recording that
 outside directors are comprising the nomination committee.
 So it is up to the nomination committee's decision.
 So at this point in time, there's nothing that we know of.
 and therefore it is up to the nomination committees to discuss going forward.
 regarding what would happen that the legacy Toshiba, what would happen on that entity?
 Well, all the Toshiba will own the ownership stake of Kyokushia, and therefore Kyokushia
 ownership, we'd like to monetize into the cash as soon as possible.
 and that for Toshiba Tech, positioning is completely different.
 is Equity Methods Applicable Company,
 and the Toshiba Tech is fully consolidated, listed,
 What we call data business.
 For that, there's nothing decided at this point.
 at this point.
 We are working on digitalization at the data business, and Toshiba Tech owns many data,
 And the Toshiba text business is indispensable for Toshiba overall, so what would have happened
 for that entity.
 Currently there are the heavy debt and also brand management issue as well.
 We need to discuss about the details going forward,
 So that is a current situation.
 Thank you.
 Now, do you have clear pathways for divestitures and so forth?
 No, none.
 Are you asking about tech?
 Correct. The tech for the Toshiba Tech, nothing is decided.
 May I ask a further question?
 Relationship of the three entities once these are spinoff and it will be different independent entities
 I'm not sure if it's legally a love of or not, however, for example, cross-holding the
 shares, for example, among the three entities, would that be a viable option under the laws
 in regulation Japan, cross-shareholding of three entities
 than possible. So, we will not have a cross-sharing of the shares.
 Thank you very much.
 Next, TV Tokyo.
 Abe-san, please.
 Thank you very much.
 Next, TV Tokyo.
 This is a Bay of TV Tokyo. Can you hear me? Yes.
 In this press conference, the materials are titled...
 the transforming Toshiba to enhance shareholder value.
 And it used to be to enhance corporate value, but it has been changed to enhance shareholder value.
 Is it correct?
 Oh, I don't know. I'm not sure.
 The shareholder value should be enhanced.
 That was the word we finalized and bye.
 Maximize in copper value and then shareholder value will be also enhanced
 So, in the end, ultimately, shareholder value will be enhanced, as the means to do that
 and then corporate value should be increased.
 So TSR should be expanded.
 So as the final point to reach, we wrote to share what I value.
 The reason why I ask this question, according to what I heard from the company's people,
 and the current management team.
 And maybe people are looking only towards shareholders within the management team.
 And that is the criticism that we have heard from the people in the company, activists
 So, in particular, shareholders are considered most
 And in preparation of this material, Sonakawa-san, you mentioned that there are a lot of discussions,
 management team and the top executives of the subsidiaries and so forth.
 So, have you, I believe that there was only limited discussion with the top executives
 of the subsidiaries or operating companies and it was out of the blue for them.
 Do you think that you have obtained understanding from the internal people about this plan?
 We have been continuing to say since three years ago when Toshiba next to plan was announced and TSL should be enhanced
 We have been keeping to say the same thing, but of course, such as orders, stakeholders,
 But of course, the society at large and employees, all the stakeholders should be valued.
 And this is our policy which has stayed unchanged, and this time, again, we do not change this
 policy at all by having this separation into three companies and then we believe that we
 will be able to provide appropriate services to customers and there will be incentives
 and various benefits and merit for employees as well, based upon the business cycle of
 each company after separation and as a overall for all the stakeholders we believe that this
 decision is going to be the best option.
 Thank you very much for watching.
 Current shareholders will obtain the shares of the two standalone companies, which will be listed on the market.
 that regarding the percentage, the mix or percentage of the shares to be allocated,
 Do you think that this will be reflecting the current values?
 Well, I think that will be determined when the spin-off is completed. We do not have anything that has been clarified.
 Well, nothing clarified.
 then the structure of the shareholding ownership structure is different.
 I think there will be an option for the shareholders to choose based upon the same ratio.
 I think maybe I should defer this question to Shia for so in two years some
 time in two years from today the ownership structure that will be divided
 means shares of the Toshiba held by shahudas will be divided and shahudas will be provided
 with the different shares in each company, each entity.
 So it will depend on the decision of shareholders regarding what to do with those allocated shares.
 and
 I think there is a uncertainty whether or not the company will be able to maintain R&D functions.
 For example, in the case of infrastructure company,
 infrastructure, business, and the QKD business.
 Of course, quantum encryption, it will cost a lot of money
 in R&D activities.
 So after separating into two entities and research laboratories will be also divided
 into two. So do you think that you will be able to maintain such capabilities that Toshiba
 cutting-edge technology can be really maintained.
 I think there needs to be more clearer forecast or outlook regarding this.
 Okay, I'd like to defer to Hatazawa-san.
 Within the numbers we presented, CAPEX, R&D expenditures are explained for the coming
 through years.
 And according to the current plan, the gross plan to be supported by the gross funds as
 as you know, to be spent in the R&D and the CAPEX.
 So these are estimated to be more aggressively spent
 R&D expenditures, in addition to the ratio of R&D expenditure
 in the total sales, which has been increased by 1% or 2%
 point so overall we are going to put more focus on the R&D and in terms of
 division into device and infrastructure and content of the research, it will
 depends on the where in the business areas such activities can be allocated to and then
 the expenditures or efforts will be divided.
 as Tena Costa mentioned, and the basic research.
 we would like to avoid the negative impact of the spin-off
 we would consider that in the process of spin-off completion.
 and R&D is continues to be important for the company.
 So we will continue to be even more aggressive in spending
 in the R&D.
 Have a good day.
 Have you already reported this plan to Meti?
 If so, what was the feedback?
 What was the reaction from Mehdi?
 Yes, we went to explain this to them in advance.
 I don't think there was any negative feedback from them.
 Thank you very much.
 So it is about time, so we would like to take the last question.
 need a business, could I have some please?
 This is Kota T from Nikkei Business.
 Do you hear me okay?
 Thank you.
 So I have three last questions.
 two to snuggle sun. So in order to solve the excessive net operating loss, I believe that
 that it was being used.
 so
 So we have the device company
 so I don't think you need to be desperate to sell the stairs and if you keep the
 shares and stake perhaps you can see some energy so but are you still willing to
 determined to sell the steak and the second one is about the separation plan.
 So I think this special resolution will be required at the HGM, but I think that the
 the special resolution to be attained is going to be very heart high hurdle.
 And also...
 I believe that the split, the opinion is quite split.
 is that is what I heard.
 within the SRC.
 So why not sell to the PE fund, but this separation plan was supported.
 So, could you reiterate the reason?
 I did not find, and the explanation, the reasoning, so could you, could that be answered?
 So myself to knock out these Kyoksia steak chairs
 So why not seek synergy with the semiconductor business?
 memory business will require a massive investment and even with the current financial position we
 have decided no longer to continue and so instead to monetize the steak so that
 has been already decided from the before and there is no change to this policy and about
 the two-third special resolution, 2023.
 So until that point, as I mentioned earlier,
 This reform is just the beginning.
 And it is sort of a declaration.
 and so in the meantime
 there will be further
 reform that is coming to come and will be executed and also capital policy as well and
 And also, for the shareholders, that we will be endorsed and be supported.
 will make the effort.
 And Mr. Brough, could you respond please?
 The SRC's letter to shareholders, which was published this afternoon, goes into some detail about the process we followed with regard to private equity.
 It was quite an exhaustive process going through several rounds with credible bias and at the end of the day
 the separation plan came about principally because of the difficulty in valuing the
 the Oxy-Oxious shares at this time. And the separation plan was therefore regarded as
 superior to the private equity plan from a quantitative and qualitative aspect.
 So, if you like, the separation plan emerged from our earlier discussions with regard to
 the management plan with regard to possible minority investors and with regard to private
 equity solutions. That's how it came about. Thank you.
 Did I answer your question?
 Now we'd like to close other sessions for the media.
 Next, we'd like to invite the social analysts and financial institutions to take up some
 questions. So those of you who were not picked up at the questionnaire and please
 please retract your questions by pressing Asterix 2.
 Now we'd like to open the sessions for the analysts and the investors and please enter
 your question by pressing Asterix N1. City group, Ezawa-san, please.
 This is Ezawa of City Group. Can you all hear me?
 Thank you very much to questions at this point.
 Until recently, now, they clearly identify the null core business
 or the divestitures of some part of the business,
 or possibly be discussed at the company, it seems.
 And now the company has concluded that the spin off
 is a correct option.
 But in terms of the diverse teachers,
 compared to spin-off.
 Well, compared to the divisors versus spin-off, why did you conclude that spin-off generates the larger
 their upsides in the company's shareholders' value.
 And what is the benefit of having a split?
 So could you level it on that specifically?
 That is the first question.
 The second question is, pertaining to the presentation by Tanakawa-san at the outset,
 that business portfolio will up for the further revisions
 and portfolio realignment going forward.
 But that's how I understood your presentation.
 What would be the desirable ways of how Toshiba would be like in the future?
 I think it will be beyond what you have decided on in two years time, beyond that.
 as a result of the spinoff.
 Do you think that a complete and separate industry entity
 would be the ultimate form of the company, or do you see further re-alignment of the
 do you have any visions beyond to your time?
 Now, question one and two, I think some parts are interlinked, so at the beginning in the
 a minimum term plan, inclusive non-core and core.
 It is true that the management has discussed about a possible
 segregation of the core and non-core, but we try to focus on what companies they are
 would be in a new future.
 So that was the focal point this time and therefore the identifying core versus known core
 that is actually on the ongoing discussion at this moment as well and we will continue
 that discussion is going forward as well.
 So what we have announced this time
 It's just a starting point of improving the value going forward.
 So there will be two new calls.
 and as soon as possible.
 they will prepare the business band on their own and we'd like to provide opportunity so
 So that new two new goal will be able to present their own business plan for the future.
 Going back to the first question, what is the strength and what was the advantage of
 the split idea versus the divestitures.
 There are three squares in the previous presentations.
 and I am CEO of this company.
 And therefore cash flow from the main business
 is the core challenge for me, and that is the main theme, in my opinion, and that will
 focused and agile business management. It's the very important point in my view. Sorry,
 I'm talking too long, but in retrospect, I've been serving as CEO and COO for a very long
 time for this company and what I remorse about is that we were able to, we were not able
 to exercise a growth strategy properly, so at the right timing we'd like to make an investment
 at the appropriate timing.
 You've looked at it very agile.
 And we have a very good technology at the highest
 or top in the world, and we'll be able to use our marketing capabilities in a very quick
 in that jailway, a question remains as is.
 So because of the spread at this time,
 I hope that a senior management who have a specialized knowledge about this area will
 be able to make a very agile decision, and I hope that this particular short coming
 of myself will be resolved in the separation of the businesses.
 So I try to answer two questions at once.
 It didn't satisfy yourself.
 Thank you very much.
 Next.
 from SNBC, NICO Securities.
 Yoshizumi-san. This is Yoshizumi of SMBC NICO Securities. Can you hear me? Yes, we
 can. Thank you very much. I have two questions. First question is through
 separation to unlock value. What is the concrete image of unlocking value through
 spin-off, conglomerate discount will be resolved. I think that was the basis. So
 So are you sure that this conglomerate discount can be resolved?
 So could you please give us your specific opinion in East
 year 2023, the operating income of 200 billion yen, which is rather conservative and infrastructure
 service in Rojik is still 10%.
 I think earlier, infrastructure service, relative 30%,
 infrasystem 10%. So in total, at least 20% can be secured. So I think that there will
 will be the improvement of room.
 but the after these split and then 10% right content.
 So you think that the conglomerate discount can be really cleared or resolved.
 this is my first question about your expectation on these points. Okay, I would
 I would like to respond first and I would like to ask Hatazawa-san to supplement.
 And this time, unlocking the value.
 This is the headline, but the purpose itself is not to resolve the conglomerate discount.
 needed to clarify the structure so that each individual standalone company will be able
 to manage their business respectively in an easy to understand manner.
 the result, the performance will be better. So, it will lead to the resolution of the
 a conglomerate discount. This is what I am feeling. Regarding numbers, I said earlier,
 numbers that can be achievable because we have been pointed out about the lack of
 of achieving whatever commitment we have been making
 in the past so there was the criticism from the sources
 the market so that's why we came up with these numbers which are seem to be sure to be achieved.
 Hattazawa is going to supplement and in 2025 and towards 2023 2030 we
 We presented a plan towards those years, and internally we have focused on targets for
 2025. And based upon the opinion from external parties, we were asked to secure the delivery
 on the committed numbers.
 So, that's why we came up with the conservative plan,
 And we are showing the plan for the coming three years along.
 And in fiscal year 24, 25, we have a plan inside the company,
 And we'd like to disclose those plans at the appropriate opportunity.
 And we talked about the importance
 of investing in R&D activities and the results will be realized in fiscal year 24 and 25.
 and external parties, particularly listening to the voices of shareholders
 and within the short period of time until fiscal year 23 what can be secured to be
 achieved and what can be achieved in the short term it should be presented so
 So you may think that these numbers seem to be a little weak, but I'm sorry, that was
 the basis for coming up with this number and we wanted to incorporate some risk
 good buffers. And so that's why we came up with this plan. That's all. Thank you. Thank
 Thank you very much.
 The second question is for CFO.
 In the coming two years, share a buyback in the level of 100 billion yen, you said, and
 Is it related to the sale of the shares in Geoxia,
 here or it is not included in the buy back plan and utilizing NOL and then what
 with the advantage and benefits of the tax issues at the time of a sale.
 So, a qualitative comment will be, okay, so could you please give us your comment.
 Thank you very much for your question regarding your first question as
 As Mr. Akusunakawa mentioned,
 At our company we have a yard of stick of so-called appropriate level of capital. So
 So capital exceeding that appropriate level will be returned to shareholders.
 But that's what we have been saying, as Hatazawa-san mentioned earlier, in 22 or 21, this current
 fiscal year and this coming 22. In these years, we came up with this rather sure plan. Therefore,
 we will be able to achieve this net income number.
 So considering all these and according to our calculation we'll be able to return in
 order of about 100 billion yen to shareholders. So regarding the gains from the sale of Kyokusha shares,
 is outside of this number. And regarding the NOL, Net Operating Loss, as you know, according
 into the tap slow.
 for the current fiscal year,
 half of the amount recorded in the fiscal year can be utilized.
 So, based on the balance sheet, there is an NOL in the amount of about 300 billion yen.
 how and when kiyoksha, kiyoksha, staking kiyoksha can be solved at any point.
 So if at that time, if we still have the NOL, and then about half of the gains obtained
 through the sale of Kyokusha shares will be offset by NOL. Thank you very much. Understood.
 Thank you.
 Next, UBS, Yasmin Summer, please.
 Thank you UBS. This is Yasui speaking. Yes, we hear you. I have one question
 question. But there are three aims in asking my one question.
 So, this announcement about how management is done, also how the business exists, I am
 sure that there was a lot of discussion on these matters. So the ideal state of Toshiba,
 What do you believe is the most ideal?
 I know that it could be something unrealistic, but could you explain about the ideal state
 of Toshiba, the reason I am asking, there are three reasons. What do you think the issue
 of Toshiba is, and the process, not how you reflected, but if there's anything in event
 that has led you to the process.
 And also, second part, is that when selecting the management
 of the new separated company when you want to hand over to the new management what is
 your ambition, what is your hope that the new management to realize and also the
 three-part is that the USGE also have decided the separation, so I believe that separation
 spin-off is now being questioned. And this is something beyond shareholders. So what
 What is the significance, meaning of separation?
 I understand being agile, that is one of the advantage.
 But also, this hasn't said from the early 2000s.
 And so why now today separation spin-off is being decided?
 being decided? Does that reflect something in society? So these are my questions.
 I would like to respond, and if any of the two of my colleagues have anything to add,
 So what is the ideal state?
 So I know that this will differ, but for myself, when we have a business and we are trying
 to solve the social issues around us, and that is what is happening on a daily basis
 and the repetition.
 Personally, the company brand, that is nothing. That is not where I am particular about.
 Well, medical, that's why medical, some went to kind of medical and would give it a COVID situation.
 And MRI, for example, they're very well positioned in Japan globally, which is very, and although
 So I'm sad that the Shiba name is gone.
 what I have done is contributing to society and seeing it growing, that itself makes me
 f-
 very happy.
 So...
 In a
 same sense in the same note that what we are doing in our business that are
 employees being satisfied and also contributing to society, I think that is the ideal way,
 ideal state. So, even inform that it is split into two or more with the name changes, but
 Our mission itself, how we execute and realize the mission,
 I think that is the important part.
 And so I was questioning myself, what is the ideal state?
 I know that I'm talking a lot.
 So, perhaps this will be my response.
 And also, so ask what I expect towards a future management,
 especially the largest tissue is governance.
 governance.
 So, when it comes to governance, this is going to be the fundamentals in management, and
 The government has pointed out that although it may take some time that we want to reconstruct
 We construct the governance and also with a new company management there was a
 mention about what type is suitable and it is mentioned, sometimes we will
 see Stalin from the outside of the market and also something with the
 capability of the governance perspective that is going to be some of the basics requirements,
 And it was just by chance that GE also announced that Nikkei's leak, with that, we were a little
 ...
 earlier with our scheme to be known.
 I don't know if this answers yes, yes, yes, question, but that is my impression.
 do you have do you have anything to add those are also responding I think that
 what each individual will be answering will be different. So this is my personal view.
 myself. I believe that Toshiba's mission and philosophy is that what is asked for
 Bye.
 and we have the responsibility to execute our responsibility.
 So that is what we are required of and that is the reason of existence.
 clients. So that is one thing. On the other hand, what clients customers request us? Sometimes
 the time is different, and also the requirement is different,
 meaning that sometimes we cannot make a management decision
 which has been pointed out as an issue,
 I think this applies to GE. The management environment has changed. Speed is required.
 so not like at time in the past with a lot of things mixture in between we will
 not be able to catch up, and we cannot make a pure decision in order to survive.
 So that is why I believe that spin-off or separation
 could be one of the trend.
 We have the infrastructure, energy,
 and serve the clients in this industry,
 and we believe that Toshiba may have only the answer.
 and for the device and this, and also for the future information society, what is required
 who is she about?
 We need to create the solutions in a quickly manner that is requested by our clients.
 I think that is what we exist for and that is the reasoning for why we have decided on
 this decision and also it matches the needs. Also, let me also say a few words. From a
 of the national position perspective from a shareholder, we have the equity and also
 We want to steadily increase the value.
 That is also the mission of the company.
 For this to happen, as Hadesa-san mentioned, we need to win the trust of our client's customers
 and also we have to deliver the products and services that is required of and what is most
 important is that the employees also share the same mission, look at the same
 direction be aligned in the same mission.
 So eventually that will lead to increase the value
 for the shareholders and the locked up values.
 There are various means to realize this and given the current situation of Toshiva
 what we have been discussing and what we are trying to execute. This framework is
 going to be the best path forward for the shareholders.
 I personally believe so, strongly.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Next, we would like to invite from Goldman Sachs, Mr. Harada, please.
 This is Harada speaking from Goldman Sachs.
 Thank you.
 Can you all hear me?
 Thank you. Now, I would like to ask one question. Now, my question may sound very similar to
 of the previous questions.
 Now, Infida services and device that you are going to separate into.
 and APRESS Services Company.
 It's self.
 It's considered a conglomerate, in my opinion, when we look at the business structure on
 On the global basis, for example, elevators could be divestitures going forward or carvertels
 going forward and going forward. Do you think that further realignment of medical services
 in in scope or in your vision at this point and in addition there are many cultural matters based
 companies in Japan, be it good or bad, your company is having a collect
 connection with Metis, then in order to enhance competitiveness of the overall
 co-cooper Japan, perhaps the real element of the company's
 involving whole corporate society in Japan is perhaps considered was that a
 a part of the discussion with them, and also being a part of the concept on the side of
 the same management, would that be also something that you would consider if a good opportunity
 arises are you conscious of this type of operation or opportunity so if for a
 structure company. There are a variety of this is included. However, there are some
 common denominators, for example, be it services and subscription models, and it is quite a
 high potential of sharing the commonality across the different businesses in infrastructure
 services but like I mentioned earlier portfolio review exercise will continue
 and there's nothing that we have decided at this point in time and yet we've
 if I could continue to discuss going forward.
 Now, regarding the realignment of industries in Japan, my position is, at least, that we
 reviewed all possible opportunities and options
 exhaustively.
 think about all the stakeholders, such as CAHODER,
 employees and society are large customers, and we'd like to review from that point of
 you. That is my position. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your
 comment that is all. Thank you very much. Now, we'd like to entertain one last question
 at this point in time.
 SBIR, it's me, Sam, please.
 Thank you very much. I have two questions regarding spin-off to list
 Spun of companies on the market.
 I'm not experienced in this area. So could you please give us timeline for new calls?
 including their balance sheets.
 The treatment of such accounting will be starting from the third quarter of this fiscal year 21
 and then in two years from today and a spin-off will be completed. This is my
 my understanding is this correct?
 And the second question is about the company names of the new codes.
 Do you plan to name with Toshiba in the company's name?
 like Kyokushia or rather I think that in this scheme I think the new company's
 name would be like the ones as Kyokushias.