 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
 Welcome to CGI's first quarter fiscal 2022 conference call.
 I would now like to turn your meeting over to Mr.
 Kevin Lender, Senior Vice President.
 Finance and Treasury, and Head Up and Vista Relations, please go ahead, Mr. Linder.
 Thank you, Julie, and good morning.
 With me to discuss CGI's first quarter of fiscal 2022 results,
 or George Chandler, our President and CEO, and Francois Boulanger, Executive Vice President, and CFO.
 This call is being broadcast on cgi.com and recorded live at 9 a.m.
 and Eastern Time on Wednesday, February 2nd, 2022.
 Supplemental slides as well as a press release we issued earlier this morning are available
 for download, along with our Q1 MD&A, financial statements, and a coupling notes, all of which
 which had the files with both cedar and inger.
 Please note that some statements made on the call may be full and looking.
 Actual events are...
 results may differ materially from those expressed or implied, and CGI disclaims any intent or
 obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether or
 the result of new information, keep your events or otherwise.
 A complete safe harbor statement is available in both our MD&A and press release as well
 is on cgi.com. We recommend our investors to read it in its entirety. We are reporting
 or financial results in accordance with international financial reporting standards or IFRS.
 As always, we will also discuss non-GAF performance measures, which should be viewed as supplemental.
 MNA contains definitions of each one used in our reporting.
 All of the dollar figures expressed on this call are Canadian, unless otherwise noted.
 We're also hosting a annual general meeting this morning, so we hope you'll join us live
 by the broadcast at 11 a.m. I'll now turn it over to Francois to review our Q1 financials
 and then George will comment on our business and Mark will help look.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone.
 I am pleased to share with you the results of our first quarter of fiscal 2022.
 Our revenue growth continues to accelerate on a constant currency basis, fueled by strong
 bookings from prior quarters along with continued demand for our digital services and business
 solutions. In addition, we deliver a double-digit EPS row, despite a strong
 can earn dollar-calling hand wins in our reporting currency.
 We recorded revenue of $3.1 billion up 6.8% year-over-year on a constant currency basis.
 Some constant currency growth was seen in the following segments.
 Asia Pacific, up 19.5 percent.
 Western and Southern Europe, up 15.2%.
 U.S. commercial and state government up 14.5 percent, central and eastern Europe up 11.9
 percent and Canada up 8.3 percent.
 Total bookings were $3.6 billion, representing a book to bill of 116.5% for the quarter and
 Listing our trailing 12 months book to bill to 115.2%
 compared to 103% for the prior year.
 I would like to call out a few segments with strong bookings in the quarter.
 Scandinavia, at 117 percent.
 UK and Australia at 122%, and Finland, Poland, and Baltics with a book-to-bill of 353%,
 Driven by a new eight-year managed services contract.
 signed with the finished government, whereby CGI will
 to serve as the largest provider of hybrid IT services
 to dozens of public sector organizations.
 In addition, yesterday, we announced an award by the U.S. Department of Justice for 250
 million US dollar blanket purchase agreement with the first
 This tax quarter already granted for a value of $134 million for approximately $170 million
 and Canadian dollars.
 Out of our 8 Proximity Geographic Segments, 6.9 million people have lost their lives.
 Six now have a trailing 12 months book to bill well above 100%.
 New business was 33% of bookings and increased from the previous years 28%.
 on a trailing 12-month basis.
 and new business was also 33%.
 compared to 26% for the year ago period.
 Our global backlog increased by $808 million year-over-year and remained strong at $23.6
 billion.
 This backlog
 .
 represents 1.9 times revenue, the vast majority of which
 is comprised of long-term maintenance services,
 and digital transformation engagement.
 Given the continued increase in demand for our services, as reflected by the strong bookings
 in the last few quarters, we expect continued positive momentum.
 On the profitability front, adjusted EBITD in Q1 was $521.5 million while EBITD was
 EBIT margins increased to 16.9%.
 50 basis points compared to Q1 last year.
 The year-over-year increase was mainly due to revenue growth in IT services and solutions
 and improve utilization permanently within the western and southern Europe, central and
 Eastern Europe and U.S. federal statements.
 In addition, we continue to benefit from stronger margins due to operational excellence.
 We delivered strong EBIT margins in the following statements.
 Asia Pacific at 32.1%
 Canada at 25.6%
 UK and Australia at 15.8% and Western and Southern Europe at 15.4%.
 due to the strength of our value proposition to clients and are embedded in taxation clauses
 within our contracts, we have largely been able to absorb wage and other cost pressures
 in our pricing.
 Our effective tax rate in Q1 was 25.5% compared to 25.9% in the prior year.
 We continue to expect our tax rate for future quarters to be in the range of 24.5 to 26.5 percent.
 And earnings were $367 million and diluted earnings per share were $1.49, representing
 an increase of 12.9% the over year.
 Its improvement was made due to revenue growth and EBIT margins improvements as outlined
 earlier.
 integration cost and an earning worth $369 million for a margin of 11.9% and he looked
 to Darnings for a share worth $1.50.
 an accretion of 12.8% when compared to $1.33 in the same quarter last year.
 quarter.
 Cast
 provided by operating activities where it was 484 million dollars compared to 597 million
 dollars in the prior year which had reduced variable compensation payments related to
 to the impact of the pandemic.
 As a percentage of revenue, our cash generation
 was strong.
 at 15.7%.
 The DSO was 45 days compared to 44 days last year.
 align with our targets.
 For the last 12 months, cash provided by operating activities was $2 billion or 16.4% of revenue.
 This represents $8.02 in cash per share.
 In the quarter, we invested $206 million in our build and buy profitable growth strategy,
 mainly in the RIP and for the acquisition of Connie Case Management Consulting and ARRI.
 In addition, we used $267 million to buy back our stock.
 Buying back, CGI stock has been an accretive and flexible way to return capital to shareholders.
 As such, yesterday, our Board of Directors approved the extension of the NCIB program
 until February 2023.
 allowing us to purchase up to 18.8 million shares over the next 12 months.
 In addition, we reimbursed $250 million U.S. dollars of scheduled debt repayments in the
 quarter, leaving only 50 million U.S. dollars of scheduled debt repayments for the remainder
 of fiscal 2022.
 With the issuance of our senior notes in September 2021,
 CGI's weighted average maturity is now 4.9 years with 100% fixed interest rate at very
 fairable.
 consistent with previous years, we review our capitals allocation plan to formulate the
 the most effective capital deployment strategy
 to maximize shareholder returns.
 In Q1, we delivered a return on invested capital of 15.3 percent.
 A significant increase when compared to 12.4 percent in the year ago period, returning
 to pre-pandemic levels.
 Looking ahead, and as indicated during our investor day this past November, our cash
 location priority remains the same.
 investing in our business, pursuing accretive acquisition, and buying back our stock with
 with a net debt to capitalization ratio of 27.8% at the end of December, as well as
 $2.7 billion of cash readily available, and access to more if needed, TGI has the strength
 and capital resources to support our build
 and buy profitable growth strategy.
 Now I will turn the call to George to further discuss the insights and also for our business
 and markets.
 George?
 Thank you, Francois, and good morning, everyone.
 I'm pleased with our team's strong first quarter financial performance.
 We started fiscal year 2022 with positive momentum
 in all key metrics.
 Double digit.
 EPS secretion, accelerated revenue growth on a year-over-year and sequential quarter basis.
 Robust bookings for the quarter and the last 12 months.
 and cash from operations of 15.7% per the quarter.
 The continued strength of our financial performance is grounded in our consultant's ability to
 to earn clients' trust every day.
 This is evident in our modernization and digitization
 winds in the quarter.
 For example,
 .
 Danny May extended our long-term partnership in the U.S.
 We rewarded new work to support their migration to the cloud and implement intelligent automation
 and data analytics across all consumer and commercial lines of business.
 May he line in.
 a recognized pioneer in health and care
 and social services in Finland.
 has expanded their relationship with CGI to assist in completing their Google Cloud
 base transformation.
 engagement.
 aims to help optimize costs and increase business agility.
 The Quebec government, select the CGI to help them establish and operate a new government
 Cloud for the next three years.
 On completion, this cloud environment will be delivering
 services to multiple government agencies serving over 8 million citizens.
 Electroskandia, the Swedish electrical wholesaler, which is a company of Stonepar, the world's
 largest electrical products, systems, and services firm.
 named CGI as their digital transformation partner to support their modernization efforts,
 including the implementation of SAP S4HANA.
 The French Agency for Ecological Transition chose CGI to deliver application services
 agile at scale, and dev ops to help modernize the technology
 and capabilities and services.
 supporting over three million businesses.
 and in the UK, the University of Nottingham,
 awarded CGI a new consulting services agreement.
 Through this partnership, we will help modernize the digital value chain and support of learning
 services for over 45,000 students and 7,000 employees.
 A robust bookings in the quarter were led by awards from government sector clients.
 up 28% year-over-year for book the bill of 151%.
 We expect this uptick to continue given that governments around the world are re-prioritizing
 their IT initiatives in line with the evolving public health and economic environment.
 On a sequential quarter basis, we also saw demand accelerate in the financial services
 sector.
 resulting in a nearly 40 percent increase in Q1 bookings and a book to bill of 114 percent.
 This was driven by client demand for digital services across all geographic segments.
 In addition to our strong performance,
 clients continue to recognize the depth and breadth of our knowledge and expertise, resulting
 in all-time high client satisfaction scores.
 Notably, our two highest client satisfaction scores
 measure how we partner with clients.
 Specifically, our level of commitment,
 Collaboration.
 and communication.
 These are key elements of the world-class delivery excellence
 which CGI is known.
 In fact, client executives often raise these qualities
 that some of the most important priorities
 for their partner selection.
 and cite them as differentiators for CGI.
 As a people-centered firm, we also recognize that our success is founded on the strength
 of our consultants and professionals.
 85% of whom are CGI shareholders.
 Our employee satisfaction scores also continue to be at record high levels.
 This is primarily due to our ongoing investments in digital tooling, health and well-being and employee development.
 These are critical elements to provide rapid career growth for our talented employees and
 are therefore instrumental to our overall employee retention.
 As such...
 ...
 Our voluntary attrition rate remains below the IT services industry average.
 How was that?
 on during our recent investor and market analyst day.
 My demand for end-to-end digitization remains the key driver for CGI's planned, profitable
 growth in fiscal 2022 and beyond.
 During that meeting, we shared four areas of investment with annual and three-year objectives.
 and foremost, and industry knowledge to help clients
 in their class to build their right future.
 and technology expertise to support them in building it right and offering intellectual
 property assets, the neighbor men to build with speed,
 And finally, the operational excellence to help clients
 operate and evolve their planned future state.
 Thank you.
 Have a great day.
 updates on each of these areas, starting with the right industry knowledge.
 We announced our plan to grow strategic business and IT consulting services revenue by 15 to
 20% on a compound annual growth rate basis over the next three years.
 the border.
 They saw
 uptick in consulting the system's integration demand as pookings increase by over $100 million
 dollars compared to this time last year. This is due in part to the expansion of our local
 consulting practices and the related increased investment in hiring and developing industry
 expertise.
 In fact, we are finalizing a new white paper which consolidates input from our board of
 directors, DJI industry experts, and external alliance
 partners to explore the key trends that will impact and shape the long-term trajectories
 of most global industries.
 Our consultants will be sharing this paper with our clients to help inform their strategic
 planning and we will then discuss with clients how CGI and best support their business objectives.
 Our next area of investment, technology expertise.
 helps clients balance the potential of technology with the reality of complex enterprise delivery.
 previously announced our fiscal 2022 plan to increase employee training and digital
 technologies by 33%. A key mechanism for supporting this plan is CGI's online
 University where 35% of employees completed courses in Q1. This training enables rapid
 reskilling and upskilling in areas of high demand, such as AOD agile and cloud technologies.
 Also, in support of our technical expertise investment, we plan to add over 15,000 employee
 certifications of global alliance partner solutions over the next three years.
 So far this year, we have already surpassed 2,100 of these certifications.
 This has contributed to a 15% increase in bookings with our global alliance partners
 on a year-over-year basis.
 Leveraging our investments in intellectual property.
 We also announced our plan to reach 30% of our revenues derived from IT by 2025.
 In the first quarter, IP services and solutions accounted for 22% of revenue up from 21% last quarter.
 Our investments in IP globally are focused on deploying new value-add capabilities across
 the existing IP portfolio, as well as investing to co-create with clients on new innovations
 to bring even greater value to client's digital transformation and add to CGI's IP portfolio.
 Most importantly, our plans for operational excellence are a critical element our clients
 are looking for.
 not only for us to be a safe pair of hands, but also for us to deliver in a cost-efficient manner.
 to support delivery and operational excellence objectives.
 The three-year plan we announced includes increasing headcount by 15 percent on a three-year compound
 annual growth rate basis across all of our global delivery centers, particularly in India.
 In Q1, our current hiring pace in India is almost two and a half times more than before
 the pandemic. This hiring contributed to the 20% year-over-year growth in our Asia-Pacific
 operations.
 given CGI strong value proposition.
 Our attrition rate in NDF stands well below the NDF peer group average.
 Quarter our ability to deliver these results is ensuring we have the right talent in both
 our client proximity and global delivery operations.
 over the past few months, we've continued to evolve
 our hiring strategies to meet increasing client demand.
 Q1, the number of new hires more than doubled compared to this time last year.
 The end of the quarter with 82,000 employees,
 a year-over-year net increase of 6,000 consultants
 and professionals.
 We continue to employ an effective and efficient talent
 attraction, and onboarding approach, with two-thirds of candidates coming directly
 to CGI, either through referrals from current employees or through direct applications
 for open positions on CGI.com.
 In addition, to support our proactive recruiting outreach,
 we have increased our recruiting capacity
 across all operating units.
 our operational leaders.
 the same leaders who are responsible for client delivery
 are involved in candidate sourcing, assessment,
 and decision making at every step of our hiring process.
 This ensures tight alignment between candidate skills and client needs and reduces overall
 It's about time to fill open, fillable positions.
 moving to the growth outlook for the rest of the year.
 We expect high demand for end-to-end digitization
 to continue accelerating across most of the key industries we serve.
 In government, as I stated earlier,
 We see positive client demand momentum, particularly in areas well-aligned to CGI's positioning
 and offerings.
 This includes helping agencies address a range of domestic priorities,
 standing social and health services, infrastructure.
 space-based data solutions, environment and the climate, and cybersecurity.
 The manufacturing supply chain disruptions continue to require reshaping and reconfiguration.
 This is driving demand for data-driven enterprises to improve service quality and generate new
 revenue streams through use of digital services, including AI and advanced analytics and retail
 on consumer services, the permanent shift,
 to more digit orders.
 is requiring prioritization of omnichannel investments.
 while supply chain challenges are creating pressure
 on customer service and loyalty.
 Describing demand for AI and predictive analytics,
 improved forecasting, inventory management, and workforce planning, and in financial services.
 banks are aggressively implementing their digital transformation agendas.
 who better understand their customers and improve
 organizational performance.
 Banking client initiatives now often include, if not hinge on, faster modernization of legacy
 assets, advanced data analytics, and a need for greater operational efficiency.
 efficiency.
 if not hinge on faster modernization of legacy assets, advanced data analytics, and a need
 for greater operational efficiency.
 Let's see.
 Good.
 If not, hinge on.
 faster modernization of legacy assets, advanced data analytics, and a need for greater operational
 efficiency.
 If not hinge on faster modernization of legacy assets, advanced data analytics, and a need
 for greater operational efficiency, include, if not hinge on, faster modernization of legacy
 assets, advanced data analytics, and a need for greater operational efficiency, include,
 if not hinge on faster modernization of legacy assets,
 advanced data analytics, and a need for greater operational efficiency, include, if not, hinge
 on.
 modernization of legacy assets, advanced data analytics, and a need for greater operational
 efficiency.
 include, if not hinge on, faster modernization of legacy assets, advanced data analytics, and
 and a need for greater operational efficiency.
 If not, hinge on.
 faster modernization of legacy assets,
 advanced data analytics,
 and a need for greater operational efficiency,
 include, if not hinge on, faster modernization of legacy assets, advanced data analytics, and
 need for greater operational efficiency.
 And that decision, is that maybe a function of just, you know, the M&A opportunities that
 you see as you pick up the capital location as they are coming here.
 I'll take this one.
 You're right, you know, and that's what we indicated at the investor day, you know, we
 feel that, you know, the acquisition and M&A activities will be a lot more active this
 year.
 about allocating a billion on this and we're on the right path for now and what we're seeing
 is that we think that we'll be able to achieve this objective.
 So, that's why we thought that, again, to wait, again, for the dividend, we as indicated
 that we did there.
 we will renew our NCIB.
 So, you know, if needed, we will put some some investment in the in the share buyback,
 But we think that, you know, versus this, versus last year, a lot more in the M&A side.
 Okay. Thank you, I'll pass the line.
 George, can you just talk a little bit?
 You touched in it in the comments on the IP solutions, but maybe talk about where you've
 been in the journey of sort of globalizing more of the solutions. I know about a year
 ago this time you started down that path, maybe give us an update on how you see things
 It's trending.
 No, it's a great question because you're right, I call it our unified approach to growing
 IP and it really is first and foremost about having processed a methodology to propagate
 the existing IP across the entire channel of CGI.
 So, this is everything from approved value proposition through add-ons to our existing
 IP.
 the broader target market across industries, geographies, and functions, and having a more
 efficient and profitable delivery model.
 So just to give you a quick update, in the quarter,
 We do have over 10% increase in the pipeline.
 We have an over 10% increase in the deal size
 of the bookings that we have.
 So that gets to that improved value proposition
 and that broader delivery mechanism.
 And then we have an over 10% increase in the wind rate.
 So those are some nice early proof points that say that what we're doing around that
 That propagation is working.
 In fact, we have...
 ...
 of our SBUs that are at the 30 percent and the two facets growing are the ones that are
 under 10%.
 So we have.
 So.
 opportunity and of course propagating that IP is the way to get there.
 We're also making increased investments in the sourcing of the new IP.
 So this is ...
 everything from ideation with our industry experts.
 So that's drawing some signs of opportunity.
 co-creating with clients.
 Sometimes we actually co-create and acquire the IP from our clients.
 Sometimes we actually just co-create and jointly own it and everything in between.
 And that's where a lot of our best IPs actually came from.
 And so we're doing that across the global CGI now.
 And then as I mentioned in the opening remarks,
 M&A is an area where we're going to be looking at IP services and solutions firms, not just
 software only, but services and solutions firms.
 We're opening up the aperture to more of that in our M&A.
 So early returns are coming and we're bullish on the future.
 Great.
 The one, I don't want for me just to round maybe more quarterly matters here either you
 or Francois.
 Could you talk about, you mentioned client contract adjustments, mainly in the UK and
 Australia, you mentioned a little bit in Scandinavia, but just, you know, obviously this is always
 sort of puts and takes, but where we are in the process of sort of running off maybe those
 adjustments for those engagements and ramping other stuff.
 Yeah.
 Thanks.
 I'll take it.
 So, for UK, clearly, it was, you know, one non-recurring adjustment that had an impact
 on their growth and contribution, so that's behind us.
 And so you can expect to have a margin and revenue picking up in the next few quarters
 for UK. And same thing for in the Scandinavia, we have some, you know, operational issue
 that we need to resolve in Scandinavia, but we had also non-recurring one-time adjustment
 that are behind us and expecting that also there will be some growth in the contribution.
 Perfect. Thank you.
 Here's your next question, come from Richard C.
 Thank you.
 Thanks financial, please go ahead.
 Oh, can you hear it?
 Yeah, we can hear you now, would you?
 Just wanted to get a bit of perspective in terms of the operating level of the business
 you know, compared to pre-pandemic.
 like, are utilization rates kind of back to where they've been,
 like trying to get a bit of understanding on that.
 Yeah.
 Actually our utilization rates are a little bit stronger
 than they were pre-pandemic.
 And part of that is that a strong demand side that we see,
 but also the opportunity we took right at the beginning
 of the pandemic to take the actions that we felt necessary.
 So we measure the utilization on a weekly basis.
 Obviously, not just with reports, but in a call that I have with all the operating leaders.
 So...
 We're very focused on it, and I'm pleased to tell you that it's actually a little bit
 above where we were pre-pandemic.
 OK.
 And then obviously you're in pretty constant contact
 with your accounts and clients.
 What are they saying about IT budgets going into 2022,
 particularly, you know, how much higher they are or lower they are in kind of areas of
 of priorities where they want to spend.
 Yeah, it's a good question.
 Obviously, everybody's got slightly different planning periods, but in general, in areas
 like financial services, we see those budgets continuing to go up, and across the board
 The focus is on both growing their revenue and using technology to help do that and some
 client-facing solutions in their IT budgets, but also focused on that operational efficiency.
 We hear our clients talking about they have,
 they're dealing with the current economic pricing pressures
 and looking to make sure that they stay competitive,
 through operational efficiencies.
 Technology, as you know,
 It plays on both sides.
 that plays on the upside, on the revenue side,
 that technology also plays on the operational efficiencies.
 So, we see a pretty strong environment for IT,
 And I've been talking for a while, Richard, this wasn't just pent up demand that we saw coming out of the pandemic.
 It's something we think is sustainable from an IT perspective.
 Okay, and just one last quick one for me.
 On the acquisition side, you talked about opening up the aperture for technology.
 Historically, you guys have been more sort of value conscious, and so when you look at
 You know, technology-type deals, no doubt the evaluations are certainly a bit more robust
 despite maybe the pullback here at the beginning of the year.
 So how do you look at sort of the relative valuation?
 and you're kind of willing to pay for these
 and maybe give us a bit of perspective on that.
 Yeah, maybe I'll start and then I'll ask Francois to continue just to remind you, we are looking
 to make these acquisitions accretive, and so we're very conscious of not overpaying.
 instead that if the value is there, we're willing to pay higher multiples.
 I have no friends to follow us to.
 You know, where we're, to some point,
 conservative in our acquisition where we know we when we're building our return
 and we're building it a lot of times with cost energy.
 No, for sure in the IP, we need to be convinced that we will have revenue synergies and so
 meaning expecting a lot more revenue increase coming from these acquisitions.
 And we have now the channel across the world to do it so, so for sure what we are looking
 at is IP that can be sold across the world without too much changes.
 And so, for sure, you know, it will be valued a bit more, but we naturally would there be
 ...
 term that we think we can enable, we don't have any problem to pay the right price.
 Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
 Your next question comes from Paul Treber from RBC Capital Market.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks very much and good morning.
 I just want to touch on, you know, CGI's growth relative to the market in peers and now maybe
 This isn't an apples-to-apples comparison, but some of your peers have reported quite
 strong growth recently.
 recently.
 I just wanted your thoughts on, you know,
 What's your view on CGI's growth?
 just relative to those peers and in the market,
 And do you feel like, you know, you're matching, you're exceeding or lagging that the growth
 of peers in the market that you're in.
 Yeah, thanks for the question, Paul. Look, we like where we are in our profitable revenue growth
 with current landscape, but also where we're headed towards.
 It's very, very proud of the fact that we've been able to take this growth that we are
 achieving both through the build and the buy and drop that to earnings per share accretion
 double digits here in the first quarter.
 So we like where we are on where we're getting that growth.
 and what the outlook is.
 And you see that outlook based on the strong book
 to bill again this quarter and for the trailing 12 months.
 So we feel like we're in a very good position
 to continue to accelerate our growth
 both the build and the buy, and like I said, our clients are rewarding us for that with
 new work and also in the scores, satisfaction scores they're giving us, which translates
 the future new work.
 So we feel like we're in a very good, good place there.
 And just looking at, you know, the growth in your employees offshore.
 So India, you mentioned that that was part of the demand
 that they're seeing.
 So can you speak to your clients?
 Are they increasingly prioritizing offshore
 versus what they did in the past,
 And what's the underlying driver of that?
 Is it cost?
 Is there something else that's driving in capabilities, perhaps?
 No, I think for a lot of reasons, there are some companies that hadn't gone to leveraging
 offshore. And when the pandemic happened and everybody went remote, both onshore and offshore,
 It gave them a view that maybe some of that could work.
 And so I think it's just some catch up by some of those players.
 I'd add, at the same time, given the pandemic, those that were heavily, heavily in offshore
 look to rebalance some of that so but but on average you know if you're if you're rebalancing
 some
 it versus you're going from zero to something, the moved off-shores outweighing it.
 It's also that operational efficiency.
 There's...
 There are...
 operational efficiencies to be gained in leveraging offshore, and of course that's given kind
 what the outlook is for cost, we see some of that.
 But, you know, it's something that will continue
 to leverage and just to remind you, we're going to stay true to our proximity model
 even as we leverage global delivery.
 Thank you.
 Yep
 Thank you.
 You're next.
 comes from Stephanie Price from CIBC. Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 All right, Stephanie.
 I was hoping that you could touch just on the percentage of booking to new clients.
 It was very strong in the quarter.
 I'm just curious about what's driving the stream,
 if he's made any changes to the sales process.
 Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Stephanie. As I mentioned, we have made investments on the talent side
 and in both the technology, reskilling, upskilling,
 And also, the certifications, as I mentioned, on alliance partners.
 So that gives us another channel to reach some of the newer clients.
 And also, we're making investments on the industry expertise and the consulting skills.
 That's another new avenue for us to generate those new clients.
 So those are kind of two of the investments that we've been making, and we'll continue
 to make that's driving some of those new client logos.
 Thanks.
 And then, maybe one for Francois,
 The cash flow came in a little bit below
 expectations in the quarter and a little bit below prior years of percentage of revenue.
 Chris, if you could talk about some tapes here
 and how we should be thinking about modeling cash flow
 for the rest of the year.
 Yeah.
 So thanks, Steve, for your question.
 Yeah, as I indicated, you know, last year we had a very strong cash book close to 600
 million just in a quarter. And it really was a fact that last year because of COVID, you
 You know, we had a lot less bonuses, year-end bonuses, to pay last year in the first quarter.
 So, versus 2021, where we had a way better year on bonuses, and that had an impact on the
 the quarterization or the cash coming from the first quarter.
 We're still, I'm still convinced
 that will be capable to generate the right level of cash
 like last year and even perhaps a bit better than last year.
 So, you know, it's just a timing on the cast side, but, you know, still, still pretty
 and you
 other DSO at 45 days and it's I think now it's the last five or six quarters that we
 We are at our target of the SOSO, pretty comfortable where we are with the cash generation.
 That's helpful color. Thank you
 And any next question comes from Howard Long from Veritas, please go ahead.
 Thank you so much for taking the questions.
 I'll just like to start with the one about IP.
 George, you mentioned that, you know,
 one of the ways you're developing IP,
 And this has been for a while, is to work with clients.
 And I just wanted to get a sense of how that's ruptured
 and how you share the cost.
 I know before, you know, you did this a long time ago
 with the big banks in Canada and now as you are evolving and working with more clients
 outside of Canada, how that structure evolving as well.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, no, thanks for the question, Howard.
 It really does vary.
 The most typical opportunity, though, that we see is that the client actually provides
 some of the industry expertise,
 obviously the use case, if you will,
 and of course then accelerates it
 through some of their quality assurance.
 and then piloting it.
 What they get from that is the first mover status,
 And then, of course, we build some of those customizations
 and productize it with CGI's investment.
 And as a result, they get the long-term maintenance benefits.
 So a lot of times it's really as simple as that.
 And then, they may pay us for some of the customizations directly and keep them outside
 of the product.
 And we're seeing that more and more.
 So there might be some proprietary or specific elements that we decide up front would not
 not go into the product, but they still get the leverage, kind of the platform nature
 of the product.
 That's typically the most used opportunity that we see.
 Others are, but we've done the other where we actually jointly put the money in and then
 And we have a royalty scheme that goes back to the clients based on new wins.
 And of course, CGI, in all cases, owns the rights to the IP, but then the client gets
 the rights to use it in a perpetuity.
 So that's typically how we see those.
 We also see sometimes it's consortium.
 If it's...
 It's the cost of doing business, which is kind of the opposite of first mover or for
 a proprietary nature of the business. It might be a cost, a regulatory cost of doing business,
 And everybody puts money in as equal partners, including CGI, that CGI runs, owns, and operates
 the IP or the consortium.
 So we see kind of multiple models.
 And that's pretty consistent across
 each of the geographies that we operate in.
 So that's a great explanation.
 and thanks for highlighting all the different.
 on the acquisitions, just looking at the revenue contribution, you know, from Array and CMC.
 I know it's just one quarter, but the multiples, you know, they look pretty good, I guess, compared
 to the task acquisition.
 Is there anything you'd like to call out there and is it just, you know, maybe it's just
 to act within specific or is there something about the valuations that you're seeing in
 your targets.
 Yeah, well valuations, you know as we know over the last couple years have gone up and
 But we still are interested in finding valuations that we can make a creative to CGI in that
 first year, and so, yeah, you do see some of that.
 I would say, though, moving forward, we're seeing valuations starting to favor EBITDA
 over growth, and I don't know,
 Yeah.
 No.
 Exactly, George.
 I think we saw a stabilization of the valuation, and George is right, seeing a bit more concentration
 on how much margin or EBIT or EBIT that the company can bring in.
 And so, yeah, we are seeing a stabilization of it.
 And so, good opportunities for us.
 Yeah, that that makes sense given I guess what's been going on in the market past few weeks exactly
 Yeah, and then just maybe just one last one for Francois.
 notice the in the quarter of PP&D spending, you know,
 picking up. Is that just kind of a return to normal, you know, investing again in physical
 facilities or could you just put a little more color to that?
 Yeah, yeah, I bet the return to normal you're totally right with with you know people that
 that start to come back to the officers, for sure we started to do some investment in
 offices and all that, so that's a part of it.
 And some of it is also, as we know with the supply chain in some places that it's a little
 bit tougher, we can have a bit of swing from one quarter to the other with some of the
 delay so so both of them so yes some of it is just you know I'm coming back to a
 a normal investment level and some of it you can have some seasonality just because of some
 on supply chains issues.
 Okay, great. Thanks for the color. I'll turn it back.
 The next question comes from Kevin Kushner-Retney from Desjardins.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, gentlemen. Can you hear me?
 Yes, chef.
 Hi, Kevin.
 Oh, awesome.
 Perfect.
 Good morning.
 Question for you, is there any sort of way
 I think about your customer mix in terms of size,
 sort of thinking about this book between enterprise,
 mid-market SMB.
 I'm wondering, you know, if maybe any recent change in focus,
 any opportunities or ability to take a greater share of IT
 to spend from a smaller versus larger customers
 And just how do you, if that's the case,
 how would you think about the structure of your sales
 and consultant mix and the macro market strategy,
 just to be aligned with how you're seeing the various,
 and customer end markets.
 Yeah, no, thanks Kevin.
 Our focus is primarily on enterprise clients.
 And we feel that the value proposition that we can bring to them, the impact that we can
 have on them, particularly given our global footprint and our end-to-end services is in
 in fact, greatest and so that's really the primary focus.
 In fact, if you look at some of those recent M&A transactions, whether it's Array, DMC,
 Unicode, they all have that same makeup of, you know, very large enterprise, at least
 one very large enterprise client that generates a lot of their revenue.
 It does not mean that we do not take some of our IP and solutions to the medium-sized
 business, not as much on the small side, but really the primary focus is on enterprise
 and those accounts that we can really, again, drive the highest value.
 I want to make sure you recognize when we're talking about those metro markets, those metro
 markets are where those enterprise companies are headquartered.
 And it's not looking at metro markets where it's only going after a small or medium-sized
 company.
 Very good.
 Thank you for that explanation.
 Maybe just one perhaps for Francois.
 I know you don't disclose gross margin.
 When you talk about trends there, if you look here over here, the split of manager IT versus
 ...
 insulting 50-50 a year ago as well.
 but what are you seeing on sort of a gross margin
 underlying trends and how is that contributing to the EBIT outperformance?
 This margin is very good and improving since last year, like George alluded before, utilization
 is very high so that contributing to the gross margin.
 So no continue to be pretty good on it and there's GNA with the concentrate, the automation
 that we're pushing more and more and offshoring of some of the SDN activities is also improving
 you over here and that's why you see the EBIT improvement.
 Super.
 Thank you very much. I'll pass the line.
 A year next question comes from Daniel Chen from TD Securities, please go ahead.
 Good morning. Good to see that you guys are still able to grow your team and your employee
 attrition rates are lower than the industry average.
 Any color on why you're able to achieve this
 Is it because you guys are paying more or is it based on the locations where you're operating
 out of any color would be helpful.
 Sure. Well, I think the biggest reason for where we're able to do that is our employee
 value proposition.
 It includes significant stock ownership, the 85 percent, the investments we've been making
 in career development, the 33% increase in training development, around rescaling, etc.
 These are really some of the reasons that we have this, including our community involvement.
 it's really an attractor there.
 But it goes one step further.
 We recognize that we're in a unique environment.
 And so we really focused on a few areas to keep that, not just the attrition down, but
 but also the attraction up and what we're doing on the attraction side is really focused
 on who we recruit, where we recruit, and how we recruit.
 And I think that's some of where you were talking about, the who we recruit, higher concentration
 on college hires and also trainees that are coming
 from non-traditional IT environments.
 So that's about 20% of our hires now.
 We have boot camps that then build the digital skills
 what they need, where we recruit.
 Yeah, proximity and offshore, but also those onshore delivery centers.
 That's a better place to recruit for us.
 and uh... and then a lower turnover rate and we have thirty nine percent of our
 Our hires came from global delivery.
 And that
 And then it's how we recruit.
 mentioned before that a third of our people come through employee referrals.
 They're a stronger attraction to CGI, but the people that refer them have a higher retention
 rate as well.
 So, we're really, you know, we're really making sure that we invest to not just rest
 based on the employee value proposition that we have, but continue to build in this current
 environment.
 Thanks for that, George. As a follow-up to that, given that 20% of your hires are from
 non-traditional IT and from relatively junior members from college, would you say that
 the ramp-up time for these employees might take a little bit longer than typical?
 Although we do put them through, we do put them through boot camps, so there is a little
 bit of a ramp up and yet this is what we're doing today and you see that we're still able
 to deliver the utilization and margins that you see in our results in this quarter.
 And yet, that's probably another lever as they come on board to increase the utilization
 and in margin going forward.
 Okay, that makes sense.
 Frontside, you mentioned that you model revenue synergies
 into your IP acquisitions where typically you've typically looked to leverage value
 from cost energies.
 How about on the market, metro market modeling site too, when you're looking at Metro Market
 acquisitions.
 Are you also starting to model in revenue synergies given your view to bring in additional
 services as you make these acquisitions.
 Oh, for sure, especially, you know, when we're investing in metro markets where we're not
 necessarily there. So most of the time it's because we want to buy relationships also
 with clients and new clients and so and that's what we did in the past and in some places so you know
 So, sometimes these smaller firms will have good relationship with large clients, but
 not having the full capabilities that CGI has.
 And so by coming and doing this merger,
 we are bringing the capabilities to this metro market.
 And with the relationship that we just bought, you know, we're capable to have some revenue synergies there.
 Great. Thank you.
 Julie, I think we've got time for one more question, please.
 Perfect.
 My next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America.
 Go ahead.
 Hey guys, this is Kathy Chan on for Jason. Good morning.
 I'll just, you know, quickly slip into your question.
 So my first one, I just wanted to ask,
 You guys obviously had pretty strong bookings this quarter.
 You know, I think it's the fourth quarter of like LTM book to build, you know,
 greater than 1.1.
 Can you just talk about very briefly,
 like the core drivers of this?
 of potential sustainability so like can we expect this trend to continue you know maybe
 at least for the next couple of quarters, given the strong demand environment that you guys,
 you know, are able to capitalize on.
 Thanks.
 Sure. Kathy, one of the areas I already talked about, some of the investments that we're
 are making to drive some of the new clients, particularly around some of the digital skills
 and the global alliances, as well as the industry skills
 and some of the consulting growth.
 So that's one of the areas that's driving
 that is that mix of new clients that are coming in.
 Certainly IP as we move to IP 30 will give us an opportunity as we increase those deal
 size, they talk about some of the investments that we're making there to drive that.
 And then the last is really the operational excellence.
 You know, there's...
 ...
 drive to efficiencies by our clients.
 And a lot of that requires automation and that offshore mix and what we're doing around
 our managed services offering is building modernization into the operational excellence
 platform.
 That's driving, again, longer term, larger deals.
 So, we do believe that in this environment, we'll be able to sustain a strong book to
 Okay, awesome, and then you know one final question from me. I know you you guys have talked a lot about you know
 of the consulting investments that you guys are making and, you know,
 during the analyst's day.
 you guys talked about that, 15% and 20%.
 You're probably okay, girl, with a medium term.
 You know, your unique co-acquisition obviously bolsters your capabilities there as well.
 And while you...
 don't really break apart bookings or revenues like by consulting, you know, per se, you
 So can you share any metrics on, you know,
 perhaps a couple to build for consulting his trending
 any other details there.
 Thank you guys.
 Yep, so we don't break that out now, so don't have that number in front of me, but I can
 tell you just in general about 10% of our SINC is now in the C in the consulting side
 So, we're looking at that's kind of the basis of what would like to continue to grow.
 Okay, awesome. Thanks guys. Take care
 Okay.
 Thanks, everyone, for participating.
 As a reminder, a replay of the call will be available either via our website or by dialing
 1-800-770-2030 and using the passcode 742-5436 as well a podcast of this call will be available
 for download within a few hours.
 Follow-up questions can be directed to me at 1-905-973-8363.
 Thanks again, everyone, and look forward to speaking soon.
 This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Have a great day.