 Good morning and welcome to the GCP Applied Technologies Second Quarter 2020 Earnings
 conference call.
 With us today from GCP Applied Technologies, it's Randy Durst, President and Chief Executive
 officer.
 Craig Merrill, Chief Financial Officer, and Betsy Kow, Vice President Investor Relations.
 during today's presentation.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Should you need any assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star
 key followed by zero.
 After today's session, we'll be back in a couple of minutes.
 presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask a question.
 To ask a question, you may press star then 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you withdraw from the question queue, please press star then 2.
 Thank you.
 and recorded.
 I'd like to turn the conference over to Betsy Cowell.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Kate.
 Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call with us on the call, as
 said, are Randy Dirk, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Craig Merrill, Chief
 financial officer.
 Our earnings release and corresponding presentation slides for this quarter's results are available on our website.
 To download copies, please go to GCPAT.com and click on the Investor tab.
 Some of our comments today will include forward-looking statements under U.S. Federal Security's Laws.
 results may differ materially from those projected or implied due to a variety of factors, including
 but not limited to the impacts of COVID-19.
 Please see a full description of information used in forward-looking statements in our earnings
 release. We will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures which are described in more detail
 in our Organs Release and on our website.
 our comments and forward-looking statements and non-gap financial
 measures apply both to the prepared marks and the Q&A. References to EBITDA refer to
 adjusted EBITDA references to EBIT, to adjusted EBIT, and references to margin
 can refer to adjusted gross margin, adjusted EBITDA margin, or adjusted EBIT margin as
 defined in our price release.
 All revenues and associated growth rates in this discussion are stated on a comparable
 constant currency basis, which adjusts for the impact of foreign currency.
 With that, Randy, I'll turn the call over to you.
 Thanks, Betsy, and good morning, everyone.
 So before I begin today's discussion on GCP's second quarter,
 I do want to update you on GCP's engagement with its new board members that were elected
 at the May 28th, 2020 annual meeting.
 Management has been working constructively
 with the board is to help them provide insight
 on activities to improve our performance
 and build a greater understanding of our business.
 We appreciate the engagement
 as they continue to work actively
 alongside our business leaders.
 to drive the business forward.
 The newly formed Strategy, Operating and Risk Committee has been advising management
 on a variety of topics including strategy, operations,
 go to market, product innovation, and operating expenses.
 Progress on all fronts is being made and I look forward to sharing more in the coming
 quarters. I would like to take this opportunity to
 to congratulate Craig Merrill on being appointed our permanent CFO. I've worked
 with Craig closely since I joined GCP and find him to be a valuable partner for me,
 executive leadership team and the board. So again, congratulations Craig.
 Turning to the second quarter, please refer to slides 4, 5, and 6 in our presentation.
 Our organization and operations performed well during the second quarter in the face
 of the ongoing global coronavirus pandemic.
 We continue to demonstrate our ability to manage costs,
 deliver on margin expansion,
 and positive operating cash flow,
 despite the drop in global construction.
 I want to thank our employees across the globe
 for their dedication during these ever-changing times
 due to the coronavirus.
 implemented changes in our operating environment to ensure our employees remain safe and healthy.
 Our multi-faceted response to the government-imposed and voluntary factory shutdowns resulted
 and minimal disruptions to our business.
 I could not be more proud of our employees as they came together to support one another,
 customers and our vendors.
 It goes without saying that ensuring the health and safety of our employees will always be our number one priority.
 As discussed during our first quarter earnings call, we were seeing significantly lower volumes
 in April and May, impeded by lockdowns across the globe due to the coronavirus.
 in June as the regions began to reopen.
 Revenue started to trend up for the first time
 since March in many of our markets.
 Our experience is in line with industry trends
 and our customers continue to depend on us
 during the quarters to support their needs.
 July revenues have continued in line with June and our position in our markets is strong.
 Let's begin by talking about our SEC business.
 FCC revenues, which rebounded in June, were about flat with June 2019, after experiencing
 in a 30% decline in the first two months of the quarter.
 In North America, our largest region, SEC had 6% growth in the month of June versus
 prior to your gym.
 Several large North American projects started during the quarter, which will continue into 2021.
 European volumes rebounded in June, exceeding June 2019 volumes by 2% as the region reopened
 after being locked down in April and May.
 SCC in Latin America was impacted by a reduction in demand due to lockdowns in most of the countries
 which continued through to June.
 In the Asia region, China began to recover during the quarter,
 although Southeast Asia and Australia remained in lockdown during June.
 Our verified business continues to grow,
 Although at a slower pace versus pre-COVID-19,
 due to the downturn in the global construction industry.
 industry.
 Now, turning to SBM, we saw a slowdown in project activity and distributor demand during
 April-May, with volumes down 37% during this two-month period, particularly in
 market's experience construction restrictions or shelter-in-place orders.
 Sales volumes improved in June with North America, which is our largest region, ending the month 1.5% behind June of 2019.
 We continue to win and progress on large project activity including airports, bridges and office building projects.
 And we secured a number of infrastructure projects in North America, which will support
 in the second half.
 Additionally, some projects that began pre-pandemic continued to progress during the second quarter.
 GCP's products applied in other outdoor applications, such as our fire-proofing product line,
 experience less of a negative impact.
 The positive momentum during the month of June continued through July, and we see a stronger
 third quarter compared with the second quarter. While we are mindful of local
 hotspots that may impact our customers due to the COVID-19 virus.
 Our strategic goal for SBM is for sustainable organic growth, particularly in our North
 American building envelope and residential product lines, and by increasing our presence
 in underserved segments and market geographies that are profitable in growing in the long
 term.
 Our plan also includes expanding our product portfolio awareness to adjacent market segments
 in accelerating the launch of new and accessory products
 for the premium in mid-tier segments.
 This program is starting to gain traction
 and is evident in our year-over-year June revenues
 in North America.
 I'm also pleased to report the launch of two new products
 weather barriers and surface coatings that we believe will gain traction in the coming
 quarters. There were several other accomplishments from the second quarter
 that I would like to highlight.
 GCP's gross margin improved 130 basis points in the second quarter to 39.1 percent.
 FCC's gross margin has increased by 1.5 percent, and FCC's gross margin has increased by 1.5
 margin improved for the sixth consecutive quarter. This is the result of our
 continued focus on our manufacturing and freight productivity initiatives that
 We started in 2019.
 We also saw the benefit of raw material depletion
 throughout the quarter.
 Second quarter selling, general administrative cost,
 decreased by approximately eight percent.
 mainly due to lower employee and related costs during the quarter as a result of our restructuring
 programs and lower discretionary spending.
 cost-containment actions, including reduced travel,
 put in place during the quarter in response to the crisis.
 GCP's cash position remains very strong, with $318.2 million of cash on the balance sheet at the end of June.
 net cash provided by operating activities during the six months ended June 20,
 June of 2020, totaled $17.6 million as we continue to execute on our working
 capital improvement projects. I'm happy to report that we completed the sale of
 of GCP's Cambridge headquarters on July 31st, 2020.
 Planning is underway to locate a fitting location for our headquarters.
 The $125 million transaction unlocks value for GCP shareholders, and is consistent with
 the company's commitment to invigorating its focus on profitable growth, value creation,
 and appropriate capital allocation strategies.
 In addition, today we announced the approval by GCP's board of directors of the hundred
 million dollar stock buyback program. With the author's
 in place, management will work with the board to determine the best way to execute on this program.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Craig, who will review the company's financial performance
 more detail along with segment results and our comments on the third quarter, correct?
 Thank you, Randy, and good morning, everybody.
 Just a reminder, all revenue and associated growth rates in my comments are on a constant
 the currency basis.
 Before we summarize our second quarter,
 Let me first just say that we are very pleased
 with our results for the quarter and year to date.
 considering the challenging operating environment
 during the second quarter.
 Our teams remain focused on their objectives
 and continue to provide a high level of service
 and commitment to our customers.
 albeit more challenging with the current environment.
 First, I will focus on the revenues for the quarter.
 GCP sales of $200 million were 23.7 percent lower than prior year due to the impact of
 government imposed restrictions on construction activities and manufacturing as a result of
 COVID-19. Impacts due to COVID-19 varied by product line and geography during the quarter,
 but generally remained within the 25% to 35% unfavorable impact expected as we entered the second quarter.
 Although the demand in April and May was down significantly, our June revenues did rebound
 for GCP overall and specifically in North America
 as the economy opened up.
 Although, North America revenue has finished 2% up for June versus prior year.
 And we see continued strength in North America in July.
 Europe, Asia and Latin America also finished June much stronger than the first two months
 to the quarter.
 However, the rebound was not as generous and it was in North America due to a slower overall
 return to normal construction activities.
 The UK volume has been steadily improving, but at a little slower rate than continental
 Europe. China volumes have come back since the country reopened, and the rest of Asia
 including Australia, continue to improve, but are still impacted by COVID-19 government restrictions.
 Latin America volumes steadily improved during the quarter, however some countries remain
 under lockdown. Where lockdowns are not present, we are seeing good construction activity
 and volumes globally.
 With respect to price, GCP was close to flat year-over-year at a 0.1% price decline.
 SCC captured price, most notably in Latin America,
 where in-country inflation due to currency devaluations occurred,
 and we increase price appropriately.
 FBMs North America and Asia regions
 experience some price pressure.
 and which was expected in the current deflationary period
 when oil prices are at historical lows.
 The teams acted quickly, though.
 to continue to secure appropriate volumes
 and margins during the quarter on current and future project bids.
 GCP's gross margin increased 130 basis points to 39.1%, primarily due to lower raw material
 labor and freight costs, driven by operational productivity, which were partially offset
 by the unfavorable impact of reduced operating leverage
 during the period to lower sales and production volumes.
 Getting general and administration costs of $65.7 million improved by $5.7 million or
 approximately 8% during the quarter, benefiting from lower employee and related costs due
 to restructuring, management of other discretionary costs, including advertising and favorable
 impact of the COVID-19 restrictions on travel, entertainment, and other operational activities.
 Some second quarter restructuring activities did move to the second half of the year due
 due to the limited access to offices and travel restrictions,
 which it made it difficult to execute in some countries
 due to COVID-19.
 We will continue to execute on our restructuring plans
 and are currently assessing our SGNA position
 relative to overall sales volumes in the environment.
 Managing these costs is a high priority
 as we monitor our performance metrics
 and expected volumes over the next three to six months.
 GCP's loss from continuing operations attributed to GCP
 shareholders was $1.3 million compared to income from
 from continuing operations attributable to GCP shareholders of 3.1 million per second
 quarter 2019. The change was primarily due to lower gross
 profit due to lower sales volumes, partially offset by reduced restructuring and repositioning
 cost.
 lower selling and general administration costs and slightly lower tax expense.
 GCP's adjusted EBIT margin ended the quarter at 6.8% versus 9.6% in the prior year quarter,
 primarily due to lower gross profit as a result of volume declines, partially offset by lower
 selling general and administration costs.
 ebina margin was 12.8% for the second quarter or 100 basis points lower than the same period
 year 2019.
 Looking at the specific performance of our two segments, you can refer to pages 10 and
 11.
 SCC-
 sales were down 20.5% to $119.5 million.
 North America's revenues declined 10.7% in the quarter
 as construction in most states was deemed essential.
 and our customer network in North America
 continue to service their customers.
 although at a slower pace versus prior year during the quarter.
 However, reorder rates in June were well ahead of prior year.
 Other regional sales declined in other regions,
 27 to 30% versus prior year during the quarter with the sales declines, all mostly a trible
 built to COVID-19. Impacts in Asia Europe and Latin America due to COVID-19 have
 been slightly more prolonged and deeper versus North America.
 Revenue in June versus the same period for 2019 in North America and Europe, both increased
 5.7% and 1.6% respectively compared with June 2019.
 price gains also occurred in Latin America and Europe on a nominal basis with slightly
 offset volume declines during the quarter.
 FCC's gross margin improved by 350 basis points
 during the second quarter.
 Six consecutive quarter of gross margin improvement
 as Randy mentioned.
 raw material deflation, operation, and logistics productivity, and favorable regional mix all
 all contributed to margin expansion.
 SEC segment income was $9.9 million with an operating margin of 8.5 percent which decreased
 90 basis points compared with the prior year quarter.
 primarily due to lower sales volume,
 unfavorably impact by operating leverage
 partially offset by higher gross margin.
 FBM sales totaled $80.5 million during the second quarter, a 28% decline versus the second
 quarter two thousand and nineteen due to
 challenging construction markets as a result of COVID-19. Sales volumes in April and May were
 below 2019 volumes due to reduced construction and manufacturing.
 in April and May did not restock at a normal pace due to the uncertainty of the impacts
 of COVID-19 on future product demand.
 North America volumes did, however, rebound in June,
 as reconstruction resumed in many North America locations
 with distributors reordering and larger projects restarting
 once customer COVID-19 safety procedures were instituted,
 in line with government and state recommendations.
 in june
 North America SBM sales were down 1.5% versus prior year, June.
 However, positive year-over-year reorder patterns
 were evident in July.
 Business in France, Germany, Italy, and the UK for SBM also improved during June once
 overall restrictions were lifted.
 FBM's gross margin declined 140 basis points to 39.7% compared to the second quarter of
 2019.
 Due to the unfa...
 ...
 favorable impact of lower sales resulting in reduced
 operating leverage and increased inventory right
 off year over year.
 partially offset by raw material deflation and productivity.
 FBM segment operating income was 11 million,
 with operating margins at 13.8%.
 a 610 basis point decline versus prior year.
 This was due mainly to lower sales volume,
 on favorably impacting operating leverage
 and lower gross profit partially offset
 by the benefits of reduced discretionary costs
 and employee-related costs during the quarter.
 Now turning back specifically to GCP,
 GCP's effective tax rate was 136.4% for the quarter
 that included the reversal of the first quarter
 CARES Act tax benefit, resulting from changes in our
 forecasted income for the year.
 The company no longer expects to have a net operating loss carry back for 2020,
 of which it did expect in Q1 forecast.
 GC's P's net cash provided by operating activities
 with 17.6 million for the six months ended June 30th, 2020,
 versus a usage of cash of 13.1 million
 for the six months and the june thirty-first
 two thousand and nineteen
 adjusted free cash flow totaled 18 million for the first six months
 compared with a usage in total of 12.3 million
 during the same period in 2019.
 Accounts receivable management improved 20.8 million.
 Vendor payables delivered a $4.1 million improvement, and inventories generated a $1.7 million improvement
 compared to the prior six months.
 We continue to improve the transparency of our working
 capital initiatives,
 throughout the regions, and within our respective country
 operations, and we are seeing the results of these efforts, which will continue.
 These refer to slides 12 and 13 for a discussion on GCP's first half performance.
 GCP's net sales for the first six months totaled 419.4 million, decreasing 14 percent
 compared with the prior year, mainly due to the second quarter impact of COVID-19 on volumes.
 gross margin for the six months increased 130 basis points to 38.4% the
 The net loss attributed to GCP shareholders
 in the first six months.
 totaled $0.2 million compared with net income attributable shareholders of $24 million for
 for the first half of June, 2019.
 The change resulted mainly from the reduced sales volume
 to COVID-19.
 in the second quarter, partially offset
 by reduced operating expenses.
 adjusted ebit with twenty seven point eight million for the first six months
 or 25.1% unfavorable for the same period in 2019.
 Again, mainly due to the impact of COVID-19.
 with 19.
 According to our outlook for 2020, although it continues to be difficult to predict the
 duration of the year, it is likely that it will continue to be difficult to predict the
 duration and extent of the impact of the pandemic
 on our business over the next six months
 and beyond as events unfold.
 The near-term view is as follows.
 As discussed, June's positive volume trends have continued into July, and we expect a
 a third quarter to be a significant improvement
 over the second quarter.
 Planned and Funded Construction Projects have resumed,
 or are coming online with construction sites having
 implemented additional health and safety protocols along
 with social distancing.
 These efforts are important for construction
 to remain active while hotspots may arise.
 while we expect the demand to improve
 and slowly return to close to normal levels
 that the year progresses.
 Some projects have moved into 2021,
 which may dampen some demand in the latter half of the year.
 and we are monitoring this closely.
 as for the third quarter
 of which we have the best view,
 we expect the impact of COVID-19 pandemic
 to reduce overall demand for our products.
 by approximately 5% versus prior year in constant currency.
 We also expect raw material deflation
 to provide a modest offset to the forecasted volume declines.
 However, we will continue to deliver productivity
 to support our margins.
 We remain focused on our operating expenses,
 which we have continued to improve sequentially
 during the year.
 and in addition to our restructuring programs,
 which will continue.
 we have identified additional cost savings opportunities
 and have learned a lot during the COVID-19 period
 on how to perform at a lower cost base.
 while we service our customers very well.
 We are implementing these learnings as we move through the year.
 We remain on track to the planned capital expenditure reduction of $25 million in 2020, or a reduction of 35% to 45% from our original planned capital spending.
 funding, and we expect our cash position will grow throughout the year based on the working
 capital programs we have initiated, the reduced CAPEX target versus original plan, and of
 of course, the sale of our Cambridge site.
 The share repurchase program announced will be funded with our existing cash balance.
 Looking beyond the pandemic, we are confident in long-term fundamentals of GCP and the
 construction industry. We are confident that our current plans will allow us to navigate
 the pandemic and will be well positioned as the overall construction demand stabilizes
 somewhat during the second half of the year,
 while we focus on our overall cost position as a company.
 I'll turn it now back over to Randy.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Craig.
 just a few closing remarks.
 Let me just say again that we have welcomed our new board members and their enthusiasm
 and interest in working with the GCP leadership team has been constructive.
 The working relationship
 have been very engaging and we look forward to jointly continuing to create value for our
 GCP shareholders.
 Despite the challenges the COVID-19 virus presented in the second quarter, our teams
 These around the globe continue to focus on our customers, and we are happy to be able
 happy to see June rebound as it did.
 will continue this focus going forward.
 and our strong balance sheet which features
 significant liquidity and no near-term debt maturities is a competitive
 differentiator that provides substantial financial flexibility and positions as well to successfully
 managed through the ongoing economic challenges and
 uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. With the sale of the
 the Cambridge facility and the stock buyback program,
 We are committed to maintaining a flexible
 liquidity base. And along with the board, we will continue to evaluate all
 alternatives for the effective and efficient use of cash.
 I would like to wrap up my comments
 by thanking our employees personally.
 and on behalf of my leadership team,
 for all the hard work and efforts.
 continue to devote to GCP under extremely challenging conditions.
 I really appreciate that.
 Thank you today for joining our call
 and we now look forward to taking your questions.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press start and watch on your touch-tone phone.
 If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the key.
 To withdraw from the question, please press star then 2.
 The first question is from Mike Harrison of Seaport Global Security.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning.
 Good morning Mike. Good morning Mike.
 And congratulations to Craig on the permanent goal as CFO.
 Thank you, Mike.
 to ask, if you can talk about it, it sounds like you're pretty confident in the direction
 of things and the trend that you're seeing in North America.
 I'm just wondering if you could maybe give a little bit more color on what you're seeing
 in other regions, you know, maybe specific areas where you feel like there, you feel
 like
 like they're making better progress
 or normal construction activity or some areas where you have more concern or more uncertainty
 on the pace of that progress toward normal?
 No, it's a good question, Mike.
 And just like we see here in North America,
 and we hear about every day on the news.
 You know, some states are reopening faster than others
 and are getting back to some type of normalcy.
 Well the same can be said of around certain countries in Europe as well as certain countries
 in the Asia Pacific region.
 have just been much slower due to restrictions and also due to some hot spots that have resurfaced
 and getting back to normal activity.
 So, we're going to follow that through the next quarter to see what happens.
 We do believe that the construction activity in those two regions, Europe and the APAC
 will indeed start coming back in the third quarter.
 We just don't know the pace by which that's going to happen.
 again, do mostly to these restrictions.
 All right.
 Then in terms of the restructuring, you mentioned some additional cost areas that you have learned
 to operate on a lower cost base.
 I guess I'm just trying to apply your guidance
 of a 5% impact of COVID on the top line.
 trying to think about how that looks on the bottom line as you maybe hang on to some of
 of these additional cost actions that you've delivered.
 and continue to see improvement in the raw material environment.
 No, it's another good question like we've obviously gone through an experiment here over the past, you know
 four months or so on a global basis to see how can we run our company differently given
 the fact that we have to work differently in this pandemic.
 And there's a lot of lessons that have come out of that
 in terms of working home strategies,
 how we service our customers differently,
 how we do virtual go lives and virtual test trials
 with our customers. So a lot of those learnings we're going to take going forward as most
 companies are and we do believe that's going to lead to lower cost of how we run our operations.
 We've also learned a lot at our plants in terms of inventory management, again driven
 come by this crisis in terms of different techniques
 and different processes that we've built in
 to be able to better manage our inventory and better manage how we service the customers
 globally.
 So a lot of lessons that we've learned and the goal would be going forward that these
 these lessons are going to find their way to the bottom line.
 Anything you want to add, Craig?
 Yeah, Mike, it's a good question.
 We've done a lot of, just, a priority is our employee's safety, of course, during this
 whole process and you know we could we're doing a lot of virtual training with our
 customers. We're doing mixed design training with our customers virtually.
 We're starting to learn that sometimes, and our customer's behavior is starting to come
 around a little bit that that's acceptable.
 We also implemented a GC Plus program of ordering online that Randy and the customer service
 group and the IT group implemented about six months ago. We're seeing traction on that
 now, just orders coming through online versus a sales wrap or someone having to take these
 orders which obviously is costly when it has to be handed off to eight different people
 to take orders, you know, more back in the 1960s industrial kind of process.
 So we're seeing a lot of progress on kind of the new wave of how you do business.
 And we're getting advantage of that in the cost base and we're not going to go back
 and invest the money back in there now that we see the advantage.
 So we expect savings to continue
 in Q3 and Q4 relative to those.
 and we're having good discussions with the whole team
 uh... about how we continue that into two thousand and twenty one
 even if things come back to normal
 and COVID-19 kind of relaxes a little bit.
 So, that's really quite a bit of money there if we can keep the momentum going.
 I can't say exactly how much it will be in 2021, but we'll probably have a better idea
 as we go through Q3.
 And an additional point to make, Mike, that I would like to add.
 We're in the enviable position
 that we're gonna be looking for new headquarters
 going forward, as we mentioned.
 and having this learning of this new environment
 that we've been working in should play into our decision.
 so it's definitely, you know, the world has changed
 and we need to take that into consideration looking forward.
 All right.
 And then in terms of, you mentioned some larger projects that looked like they were
 getting pushed into 2021.
 Are you pretty confident at this point that the
 These are delays and not cancellations.
 maybe just talk about kind of what you're seeing in terms of the backlog on some of
 those larger projects.
 Yeah, so another good question.
 I mean, I wish I could answer you 100% that there are delays, not cancellations, but
 But for right now, they're delayed.
 There's certainly some projects that would have got started already in Q2.
 They're not started.
 there is some probably concern on funding and social distancing.
 As you know, these big projects, when they start them,
 The timeline is very important to them.
 So I just think for now, as long as the economy
 about where it's at, and there's not incremental hotspots
 spots that people need to be concerned about.
 I think they're pushed out.
 I don't think they're canceled.
 there's funding for the project
 uh... there's still a lot of money around
 That's not the issue.
 just are a little bit more apprehensive to start a project, especially a big one right
 now with the social distancing, you know, specific hotspots, even on the supply chain
 inside. We've actually given our customers a little more
 confidence in our supply chain. Our inventory is slightly higher than what they want to
 We want them to be, but we've actually had some backup inventory just in case one of
 plants goes down and I think once other companies start to do this, folks will have more comfort
 to spend the money on these big projects so they can get full supply chain support from
 our customers.
 All right, and then the last question for me is just maybe on the decision to authorize
 to a hundred million dollars of share repurchase.
 Can you talk about your capital allocation priorities going forward and maybe any guidance
 on the timing of this repurchase activity.
 Thanks.
 Yeah.
 though, Mike, we obviously have always had a pretty
 comprehensive view of capital allocation and returning our monies to shareholders now with
 new board in place and we're excited again to have their input and their guidance and specifically
 of the Strategy Operating at Risk Committee will be working with management and going
 through the various options we have, what makes the best sense for the shareholders
 and it's going to create the most value for shareholders.
 Obviously, this was the first decision that was made regarding capital allocation, the
 hundred million dollar authorization for the buyback. But the overall board once
 in the Strategy and Operating Committee once they get up and functioning fully, this will
 be a discussion point going forward.
 Mike?
 Yeah, I'm all set. Thanks very much.
 Yeah, yeah, I'll just add Mike maybe up to one of your other questions
 I mean, these big projects are in the infrastructure category.
 they're not in commercial or retail projects, that type of thing, so, you know, we're more
 confident they're pushed out then then canceled just just the category they're
 is more complicated for us.
 The next question is from Rosemary Nevelli of GE Research.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning everyone.
 Good morning, Bruce.
 Good morning, Rosemary.
 You talked about the board's input on your strategy going forward.
 So, between the new board and what you have learned during the COVID, well, we are still
 in it, but during COVID, could you touch on what changes you are thinking about, you know, for your
 strategy going forward? Is there anything very different from what you were planning
 in doing ahead of those two events?
 You know, what I would say, Rosemary, we've been working very closely with the new board
 We've had several meetings over the last couple months,
 and we're still in the phase of sharing our current strategies
 and getting their input on areas we could focus on differently
 in areas, the ideas that they have that we can investigate.
 So it's still in that phase of getting to know each other
 and putting forth the best strategy for GCP going forward.
 I'm really excited with what I've heard.
 Again, mentioning this strategy operating the risk committee, a lot of experience and
 a lot of ideas and we're going to continue to work with them closely in the coming months
 and where to come on that, but we're excited to have this different perspective on how
 how the company could be doing things differently.
 And in terms of what you learned during COVID, so you have learned that you can operate
 at a lower cost, there is a certain amount of discretionary cost.
 you quantify how much of those you think you will generate in 2020 and while you may not
 have a hard number for 2021, how much is coming back with volume?
 Yeah, so Rosemary in in q2. Maybe this will give you some guidance and I know some others might want it
 In Q2, of about the six or I guess about six million dollars of operating savings we had,
 you know, mostly SG&A.
 It's about a third, a third, a third.
 It's about third restructuring,
 about third actual implemented cost savings
 and about a third due to kind of lower activity
 due to COVID-19.
 So our challenge to ourselves is,
 Can we keep that third, you know, savings due to the COVID-19 lower activity?
 So that's a couple million dollars a quarter.
 So we're challenging ourselves to determine how we continue to get our volumes at prior
 your volumes and still execute on that.
 about all the guidance I can give right now, but we're still working through that and to
 to determine whether we can keep that through the year or not.
 And in terms of restructuring Rosemary,
 We're focused on continuing the initiatives that we set forth, you know, supply chain
 initiatives and obviously looking at asset management better but with the
 input with the new board, we're excited that there will be some new ideas to
 committed to that. So restructuring is not going to stop. Restructuring will
 and that will be an input into our savings going forward.
 All right.
 Thanks.
 I was wondering if you could give us a feel as to how
 verify operated during this downturn.
 I assume that if a cement tripe does not go out,
 then there is no use of verifying,
 but you are also doing some virtual trials.
 Can you give us a feel for the momentum in that particular area?
 Yeah, we were actually pleasantly surprised on the revenues with Verify during the quarter.
 They were up.
 50% year over year in Q2. That's mainly due to the fact we had more equipment out there
 in Q2 this year than we did last year because of the installs in the latter half of 2019.
 The interesting part about that business is that they tend to use the trucks on any job
 that have verified so our trucks go out first with the verify units on them
 because they need to keep their operations kind of solidified because that's the new
 operating model they're on so we didn't really see a lot of decline of usage of
 of the verify units during the quarter.
 And certainly not as much as maybe we saw the market.
 And in North America, the market was pretty strong
 And that's where we've got most of our units.
 So that's why we had the 50% pop in revenue.
 we have seen slightly slow down on
 installs of new customers only because it's difficult for them and social
 distancing and, you know, managing the behavior of their organization, you know, at this time
 during COVID-19. They do have to change the behavior of their organization to get the value,
 So, we've seen a little bit of slowdown.
 But we did see...
 ...
 In Australia, New Zealand, and Asia, some new contracts signed during Q2 and even into Q3
 here.
 So we're pretty pleased at the progress, but certainly it'll be slightly slower on the
 installed in the second half here. But Randy, do you have any other comments?
 I just wanted to say it as well.
 I mean, it's unfortunate with our customers
 We had hoped to have installs that they're
 just distracted with the virus.
 and it's difficult to install units
 When you need their help, then you have the social distancing
 So that's kind of slowed down to Craig's point.
 I'm not sure if that makes sense.
 I was wondering, Lesley, if you could give us the level of importance for your business
 between residential construction, commercial construction,
 and infrastructure spending so we can, and if you can talk about the twins in each of
 those categories, what are you seeing?
 Yeah, so North America is where we got the best visibility on the market data, but obviously
 globally. There's IHS and others that come up with the data. We tend to be, if you want
 I don't think about it.
 About a third of th-
 a third, I mean about a third of our revenues tied to infrastructure a third to commercial
 and about a third to residential and people could be surprised on the
 residential piece, but the North America concrete and cement, you know, basically goes into
 residential also and that's a big part of our business. We're pretty confident
 that infrastructure, governments, you know, may opt to spend on infrastructure going forward
 just to pump the economy, so we're pretty confident that that's going to happen globally
 and there might be some delays here just on getting things going, but we think we're
 going to
 good there.
 On the residential, the market seems strong.
 I think you've seen the statistics too,
 both in North America and around the world, China, Asia,
 Residential still keeps going strong. So I think we're in good shape there
 commercial could be slightly slower just you know you've seen the retail news you
 You know, there's obviously some reconsideration on office space on what you really need for
 office space moving forward. So I would say commercial is probably the place where we
 you might see a little bit more slower uptake.
 but I think the infrastructure and the residential
 We'll offset that, and in fact, we get very good margin
 on the infrastructure.
 So we'll probably get a margin mix
 that will offset any decline on the commercial side
 if there is one moving forward.
 All right. Thank you very much.
 Again, if you have a question, please press star then one.
 There are no additional questions at this time.
 This concludes our question and answer session.
 and we'll see you next time.
 I will now turn it back to Becky Powell for closing remarks.
 Thank you, Kay. We appreciate your help today and thank you all for attending.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect.