 I am Masato Shikumagai representing GMO Internet Group. Very nice to meet you.
 Our finance show closure is at the end of December, so here we are today to talk about
 3rd quarter 2021, covering July to September.
 Here is our agenda today.
 This is a summary slide for third quarter 2021 covering July 2, September.
 We have delivered better performances for top and bottom line year-on-year.
 Internet infrastructure was steady and strong online ads and media saw improvements and
 Crypto asset grew big to become the third pillar for businesses.
 just to cover the basis.
 So this is year two date covering January to September.
 You see from net sales, all the way down to net profit,
 we have made records in all performances.
 of a new prophet, ordinary prophet and net prophet saw at the end of third quarter, it's
 already performing better than the last year's full year.
 This is covering July to September in different segments, in a summarized format, all the
 way, at the right hand side, is my
 Subjective course of different segments, just as usual, using circle, triangle, and axe.
 For your information, we have made the second quarter scores right next to it.
 all the way to the right is my objective assessment at third quarter infrastructure.
 Remains to be double-circle.
 The acts, also known as digital transformation, have made advancement.
 people are spending more at home,
 a more consumption-actual mind, this rock-bed business has become even stronger.
 Access, which is the main business of us, has caused some change in sales mix and we
 We have made the strategic investment for GMOs high, therefore the growth might be
 You want but the business as a whole is very steady
 Advertisers' media remains to be double circles.
 Media services are some decline due to less spending at home than the peak for some customers
 And because we now have stricter rules for ad scanners, but this segment's business
 condition generally are trending very well. And showing this V shape recovery and I believe
 This is the end of this video.
 Thank you for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 For finance, I gave in the second quarter single-circle, but I decided to give double-circles for this quarter.
 Business season rather stabled on the same time last year when the FX spread was lowered,
 But the earnings have improved, and CFD was quite high for its volume of transaction and
 earnings.
 Now
 Gaika, EX, by JMO, formerly known as YJF-EX, joined the group officially and the process
 if it's completed.
 But they will be part of the consolidation starting
 from that fourth quarter.
 Geica X-by-GMO team and us will create synergy to make this finance business with very positive
 progress in growth and that's my expectation. Lastly, but at least, is
 is crypto power and crypto assets.
 So I give double,
 circles.
 just as I did in the second quarter.
 The business is stable.
 we are making aggressive but steady marketing activities
 has become the third pillar of our business only next to infrastructure and finance.
 of.
 Now.
 Here is my view in a comprehensive way, in a way of how the business is trending.
 So first, within group, we have more than 100 subsidiaries, but 10 listed companies looking
 at the motivation of all those different group companies, different mechanisms that we are
 are put in place.
 performances. I see very good performances that is tangible. We now have more confidence
 in growth projectory for next 5, 10, 30 years to come.
 That would be my summary for Tech Quarter.
 Please go to the next slide.
 This is showing you segment changes over top line of line for a year.
 and the reference height is in itself,
 I can size the operating process for the unit cell.
 We have been proved by 5.6 billion yen for operating profit.
 have been brewed by 1.91 billion yen. Crypto asset, Southpillar of the business, and has
 finance growth, which has made the improvement on earnings for the main drivers.
 Next, I'd like to talk about our return policy to shareholders.
 As you can see at the very top, our basic policy for return to shareholder in total
 in total is 50% and out of that 50% we will allocate 33% for dividends that
 So remaining 17% will go to chair buyback.
 In the middle of the slide you see the dividend amount per share in quarter.
 the third quarter, we will have 3.4 yen higher dividend compared to the same time last year,
 which makes it 10.8 gain per share of water at water.
 at the very bottom is our update on share by back.
 we have a plan to buy back as much as 5.63 billion yen.
 share by that. We have no updates, progress is yet, but we will implement before the terms
 come which is at the end of February next year. Now we have overview of our
 performances. I'd like to introduce Yasuda-san who is the group CFO. Thank you.
 Well, this is yesterday's speaking.
 I'd like to walk through our business performance to overview.
 So, first off, this is segment by segment, net sales performance is by quarter.
 But the very bottom is dark blue, which is our net solid basis.
 is growing steadily, but the contribution from green, which is for asset, is becoming
 bigger. Now I do show you segment by segment quota by quota net operating
 in profit performance.
 The transaction of cryptic acid has fell some reduction from the first half, but earnings
 in
 and in the next video, I am going to be speaking about
 p-
 will mean quite well. Now, this is a summary for our group companies. We have 10 listed
 companies within the group here we have shown market cap and ownership at the
 At the very end, the total market capital of the group companies counts about 1.8 billion
 end.
 Our equity ownership count is higher now than 600 billion yen.
 This is summary of our full business segment.
 Size of the area shows the size of the revenue.
 Numbers of contracts for each of the infrastructure and the number of accounts at the FX, Securities
 and crypto assets are shown.
 Solid customer base grow to be 13.97 million in total.
 Next one is our partners.
 We call our employees partners, and that's our update on that.
 At the end of September, we have 6,767 partners.
 We are especially short on growth importance because of accretions of GaikaX by GMO.
 Amounts of engineers and creators count at 46.7%.
 Our target is have 50% or more of our partners become engineers.
 This is essential for us to create better things with a higher quality.
 like to invite more engineers and creators to be our group.
 Next one is infrastructure business.
 This is Internet infrastructure, business families.
 We have domain business, cloud hosting, digital scamp,
 B.C. platform.
 services from payment access, all of which are number one with its own territories.
 All of them are essential.
 will be man not gone
 in the age of the internet.
 Next I'd like to talk about Internet infrastructure, quarter by quarter, revenue performances, online
 and at-home spending will perform well from last year.
 We are just a group of number one businesses. Therefore, we are very healthy and steadily growing
 during payment by the GFO financial gauge, especially is going very positively from the
 next-generation platform called Steader and that will give us more revenue
 resources for transactions. Access, which is one of our biggest
 business saw some self-mixed change.
 we have some differences in trend from historically.
 but if you take access and access-related numbers,
 Here is how the performance looks like.
 As you can see, if you take that numbers out, you can see we are steadily and healthily
 growing in a very steady manner but what about access business I'd like to
 spent some time talking about how access to this is trending.
 These are the critical KPIs for access.
 One is top line revenue, and the other one is number of the lines.
 You see, none of the lines are keep growing, but the net sales is seeing some decline and that
 that could give you why the change in the revenue.
 and in terms of the trends.
 This is divided with the optional line, mobile line, and other lines.
 that red line is up to line because of remote work.
 And because of the remote businesses, this is performing very well.
 this is mainly stock revenue
 Blue, on the other hand, which is mobile, ever since the second quarter, we had some
 line quality, also aggressive pricing by many bigger carriers have shown some impact, but
 mobile is initial and stuck, which means higher appointment. This mobile is struggling, and
 That is the reason why access itself is performing Greek.
 We believe this week's performance will continue until the first half of next year.
 But, the stuck lines for the obstacle will keep growing, which means that impact will
 will generally be cancelled.
 So please also pay attention to the numbers of the growth in the numbers of lines.
 We are promoting Dokomo Hikari or other carriers Hikari businesses, but our brand GMO Hikari
 The access is another area that we will be promoting,
 selling more lines to our customers.
 Next, this is how operating profits
 is very trendy, quarter by quarter.
 opening profit is generally speaking, growing.
 But we have made a big investment for J.M.O.S. Hyang,
 and we have started the presentation for goodwill.
 therefore the growth for now has remained to be small.
 And this is numbers of contracts.
 Numbers of customer accounts are 12.11 million customers or accounts.
 The strong growth is driven by digital stamp, also known as CMOS time.
 We have farewell sign campaign last year, but our customer has been growing even after
 the campaign. We now have 6.9 bigger customer base. We have in total 334,000 accounts as
 as you can see, a lot of the big accounts
 are signed up for this program.
 number one in Japan. And this is numbers of the contract transaction. This is the amount
 of transaction being sent to the contepers.
 This is showing how active our customers are using our services.
 very important KPI.
 We are targeting to become number one in Japan for this particular KPI.
 Now, GMO sign gives you more productivity for the work and can produce papers and revalidate
 that we have proof-of-concept project with the CW Yokozuka.
 time, cost, an amount of paper can drastically be reduced and revalidated that under this
 program.
 We are also pleased to announce that the digital agency, the Ministry of Justice, and the Ministry
 your finance.
 confirm the legality of GMO sign.
 as a valid electronic signature in place of a name stamped.
 Thank you for watching.
 Remember to subscribe for more of these videos.
 continue to expand the functionality and provide support to
 companies and organizations that have adopted GMSI in order to make it a more secure and
 convenient service for both the public and private sectors.
 Next chart shows the transaction value trend for the e-commerce solutions business.
 In addition to the EC platforms developed by Karami Shop and Make Shop,
 This business consists of new types of EC, such as MINE and SUZURI.
 The quarterly transaction value is now close to 120 billion yen.
 Compared to the previous year, when the transaction value surged due to the impact of COVID-19,
 the trend has ...
 has been steady, especially for high-priced plants.
 about 40% of the total transaction value was settled by GMO Payment Gateway.
 way.
 excluding bank transfers and other payments, most of the amount distributed through credit
 card and other payment services make use of the group's services and we believe this shows
 the strong synergy between the e-commerce solutions business and the payment business.
 Next is the advertising and media business.
 The page shows the trend and the big town of the quarterly net sales.
 net sale was up 5.9% year-on-year in online advertising, although affiliate advertising
 were strong.
 Stales
 fell below year-over-year due to a reactionary design from stay-at-home demand among some
 customers in the advertising agency business and the impact of strict extreme standards
 for the ad network advertising.
 On the other hand, media sales grew significantly
 with the unit advertising prices on a recovery track,
 a complete trend around from the negative impact of the pandemic in the previous year.
 next day shares the trend of quarterly operating profit.
 as you can see since hitting the bottom
 in the third quarter of last year.
 The recovery trend is continuing.
 the results of internal initiatives,
 such as replacement of products,
 the new sales methods and cost reduction are continuing.
 And despite the temporary factors I mentioned earlier for the third quarter, business conditions
 are favorable for the segment as a whole.
 In the fourth quarter, as planned, from the beginning of fiscal year, we plan to strengthen
 investments mainly on the media side.
 Now, next is the final show business.
 Quotary performance trend is shown on this page.
 In the same period of the previous year, possibility of effects worsened due to intensified competition
 in lowering the spread. But since the beginning of this year, there has been no such competition
 and possibility has improved.
 CFDs also performed well, resulting in increased sales and profits.
 This chart shows the FX trading volume and the automatic market share.
 trading volume has remained at a high level, although it has slowed down compared to last
 when the market was booming due to the pandemic.
 We continue to enjoy the number one share of the FX market in Japan, and with the consolidation of YJFX.
 Now, Gaika EX by GMO, which joined the group in the second quarter.
 We expect our domestic share to reach 30 percent.
 We will continue to strengthen our synergy
 to become the overwhelming number one in Japan.
 Next is the crypto assets business.
 The crypto assets business consists of the three businesses shown on this page.
 These are Mining Business, the exchange business mainly operated by GMO Coing, and the Payment
 business which issues stable coins.
 The chart here shows the trend and the breakdown of the net sales of quick-to-assets business.
 The pale blue-colored exchange business at the bottom of the chart shows a decrease in
 both transaction volume and revenue compared to the first half of the year when the business
 was brisk. On the other hand, the blue-colored mining business enjoys stability despite
 fluctuations in the external environment of creature asset prices and global harsh rates.
 The page shows the quarterly operating profit trend.
 as compared to the same period last year, profits increased by 1.09 billion yen,
 contributing to the performance as the third pillar of the business.
 Against his backdrop, GMO Coin is strengthening its marketing investment.
 In the second quarter, we ran TV commercials mainly in the Cantor region and received an
 an extremely positive response.
 confirming the effectiveness of our efforts to raise brand recognition and awareness.
 In the fourth quarter, we have started the second phase of TV commercials by expanding
 scope of the broadcast, we hope to further raise awareness and lead to account openings.
 for the mining business, we will continue to develop our business in a calm and steady
 Next, I would like to talk about GEN, a stable coin in the crypto-assist payment business.
 yen, which has been distributed to overseas exchanges since most of us will now be listed
 on Coinbase, one of the world's largest crypto asset exchanges.
 Jin Yan is the world's first stable coin that is linked to the Japanese yen and compiles
 with the regulations of the U.S. financial authorities.
 We expect to further stimulate trading through the listing of GE and on-coin base.
 Finally, let me share with you some of the highlights of the recent topics.
 First, let's talk about the NFT marketplace, Adamlight GMO.
 As I told you last time, we started offering the beta version on August 31st.
 and we are planning to release the official version in December.
 We're working on expanding the product lineup, developing systems such as the listing management screen,
 so that a wide range of people can list their items and supporting multiple languages in
 in order to become the most user friendly NFT marketplace
 by far. Please keep your eyes on the business.
 Now, next, let's talk about GMO Aodora Net Bank.
 As an internet bank that is always at the side of small and start-up companies, we will
 provide high-quality, low-cost services that meet the needs of our customers' growth phases.
 With a corporate account that is easy for small and start-up companies to open as a gateway,
 We will offer services allowing to the growth phase of our customers, such as bank API connection,
 loans, and links to Incorporated Financial Services respond to the growth of numbers
 of transfers, as well as issuance of a dedicated credit card when a company grows to be the
 size of a unicorn.
 By continuing to promote the series of initiatives, now named GMO, Aosara Net Bank, Entrepreneur
 and challenges support project.
 We aim to grow together with small and startup companies.
 Thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.
 Low-cost services are essential to activate the use of the accounts.
 As you can see, our bank transfer fees are the lowest in the industry.
 The changing fees was triggered by a reduction in inter-bank fees by the Zeng-Gin network,
 and the decision to lower the fees was made in immediate response to the announcement
 by other banks on September 30th, the day before the change on October 1st.
 Normally, it takes at least a month for other banks to reduce their fees as they need to
 place orders with vendors.
 Our swift and immediate response will make possible, thanks to our in-house development
 capabilities.
 The number of corporate accounts that functions as a gateway has been steadily growing as shown on the chart.
 The bar chart shows the number of companies that have signed up for the API connection.
 The Bank API is a mechanism and specification for calling bank functions such as bonds in
 and transfers from the outside.
 We provide the banking API itself free of charge, but we consider it as an important
 KPI.
 that will lead to future transfers.
 We will contribute to the acceleration of DX by having business companies incorporate
 the banking functions. We will continue to blast forward as the API top runner please
 keep your eyes on this business as well.
 Lastly, I would like to talk about our initiatives in the area of next generation air mobility.
 As you know, the key was like, next-generation air mobility, flying cars, and drones have
 I've been making the headlines recently.
 Honda has announced its policy to work on an electric, vertical take-off and landing
 E-Retall aircraft and my Rubenny Corporation has also announced that it will purchase 200 units of
 easy tools.
 Now, why is GMO internet group entering the next generation air mobility market?
 market.
 The reason is that the sky is a market with the potential to become the last business
 Frontier.
 In particular, flying car market is expected to reach 160 trillion yen in size by 2040.
 It won't be long before flying cars like those seen in Back to the Future become a reality.
 I would also like to thank all of you for watching this video.
 to add, that Kumagai, the group CEO who has licensed for both helicopter and airplane,
 is the IT company CEO who knows the best about the sky.
 In the areas of next-generation AI mobility, which is expected to grow in the future, we
 we are promoting these three initiatives.
 first is our investment in a drone and air mobility fund drone fund. This fund aims to
 realize a drone-based society, an air-mobility society, and we began our investment back
 back in 2019.
 The second is technological assistance through GMO GlobalSign in the field of drone security
 for communication and control with Pro Drone and SkyDrive companies, in which the drone
 fund has been investing.
 In addition, since May of this year, we have been participating in the Public Project Council
 Air Transportation Revolution, organized by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry,
 and...
 Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.
 They are also participating in the study group for the implementation of flying cars at the
 Osaka, Kansai World Express.
 Technology licensing in the security field will be as shown on the page.
 In the operation of drones and flying cars, countermeasures can be used to control the
 aircraft.
 In the operation of drones and flying cars countermeasures can be used to control the
 of tracking security risks, such as hijacking of airframe and operation systems and falsification
 and tapping of communication data have been an issue.
 We will contribute in the field of security by access encryption and airframe certification
 using Global Signs SSL.
 In IoT, where everything is connected to the Internet, the use of the SSL will further advance.
 Please look forward to the future developments.
 Well, that is all for now.
 Thank you very much for watching.
 Thank you for watching.
 Internet for everyone.