 I am Masatoshi Kumagai, representing GMO Internet Group. Very nice to meet you.
 Our financial closure is at the end of December.
 So here we are today to talk about third quarter 2021 covering July to September.
 Here is our agenda today.
 This is a summary slide for third quarter 2021, covering July to September.
 We have delivered better than...
 Better performances were top and bottom line year-on-year.
 Internet infrastructure was steady and strong, online ads and media saw improvements and
 Crypto asset grew big to become the third pillar for businesses, just to cover the basis.
 So, this is
 year to date covering january to september you see from net sales all the way down to net profit we
 We have made records in all performances.
 Operating profit, ordinary profit, and net profit saw at the end of third quarter is already performing better than the last year full year.
 This is covering July to September in different segments in a summarized format.
 All the way at the right-hand side is my subjective course of different segments,
 Just as usual, using circle, triangle and axe.
 for your information
 We have made the second quarter scores right next to it.
 All the way to the right is my subjective assessment at third quarter.
 infrastructure remains to be double circle DX also no one's digital
 transformation have made advancements. People are spending more at home, more
 consumption at all
 mine, this walk-bed
 business have become even
 stronger.
 access
 which is main business of us
 had saw some change in cells mix
 And we have made the strategic investment for GMOs high.
 Therefore, the growth might be nuanced, but business as a whole is very steady.
 Advertising media remains to be double circles
 Media services saw some decline due to less spending at home than the peak for some customers
 and because we now have
 stricter rules for
 adstanders, but
 this segment's business condition
 generally are trending
 very well.
 and showing this V-safe recovery.
 and I believe
 this v-shape recovery will continue.
 for finance
 I gave, in the second quarter, a single circle, but I decided to give double circles for this quarter.
 Businesses are rather stable than the same time last year when the FX spread was lowered,
 the awnings have improved.
 and CFD was
 quite high for its volume of transactions and earnings.
 Now, Geica EX by GMO, formerly known as YJVX, joined the group officially and the process completed.
 but
 they will be part of the
 Consolidation starting from that fourth quarter.
 Geica x-by-gmo team
 under us will create synergy
 to make this finance business
 with a very positive progress in growth and that's my expectation.
 Lastly, but not least, is cryptocurrency, crypto assets.
 So I give double circles, just as I did in second quarter.
 The business is stable, we are making aggressive but steady marketing activities has become the third pillar of our business.
 only next to infrastructure and finance.
 Now.
 Now, here is my view in a comprehensive way, in a way of how the business trending.
 so first
 within group
 We have more than hundreds of subsidiaries and 10 listed companies.
 Looking at the motivation of all those different group companies, different mechanisms that we are putting in place,
 performances. I see very good performances that is tangible. I am now
 I'll have more confidence in growth trajectory for next 5, 10, 30 years to come.
 That would be my summary for that quote.
 Please go to the next slide.
 This is showing you segment and segment changes over top-line and bottom-line for a year.
 On the left-hand side is net cells, right-hand side is the operating process.
 For the net sale, we have been improved by 5.6 billion yen.
 For paid-in profit, we have been proved by 1.91 billion yen.
 crypto asset
 third pillar of the business, and our finance growth, which has made the improvement of earnings
 for the main drivers.
 Next, I'd like to talk about our return policy to shareholders.
 As you can see at the very top, our basic policy for return to shareholder in total is 50% of return.
 And out of that 50%, we will allocate 33% for dividends.
 The remaining 17% will go to share buyback.
 In the middle of the slide, you see the dividend amount per share in quarter.
 for the third quarter
 we will get
 we will have 3.4 yen higher dividend compared to that same time last year,
 which makes this 10.80m per share for that quarter.
 At the very bottom is our update on share buyback.
 We have a plan to buy back as much as 5.63 billion yen share buyback.
 We have no updates, progress is yet, but we will implement before the terms come, which is at the end of February next year.
 Now, we have an overview of our performances.
 I'd like to introduce Yasuda-san, who is the group CFO.
 Thank you.
 Well, this is Yesida speaking.
 I'd like to walk through our business performance, the overview.
 so first off this is segment by segment
 Net self-performance is by quarter.
 At the very bottom is dark blue, which is our net solid basis.
 This is growing steadily, but the contribution from green, which is a crypto asset, is becoming
 beaker.
 Now, I'd like to show you segment by segment, quarter by quarter, net operating profit performance.
 the transaction of
 Cryptoasset has saw some reduction from the first half, but earnings, generally speaking, are performing quite well.
 Now, this is a summary for our group companies.
 We have 10 listed companies within the group.
 Here, we have shown market caps and ownership.
 at the very end
 the total market caps of the group companies count about 1.8 trillion yens. Our equity ownership
 counts higher
 now than 600 billion yen.
 This is summary of our four business segments.
 Size of the area shows the size of the revenue.
 numbers of contracts for
 Internet infrastructure and a number of accounts at the FX, securities, and crypto assets, as shown.
 Solid customer base grew to be 13.97 million in total.
 next one is our partners
 we call our employees partners
 and that's our update on that.
 at the end of
 September, we have
 6,767
 seven partners.
 We are
 especially
 Charles from
 growth in partners because of
 Christians of Geica X by GMO
 Amounts of engineers and creators count at 46.7%.
 Our target is have 50% or more of our partners to become engineers.
 This is essential for us to create better things with a higher quality.
 we'd like to invite more engineers
 and creator to be our group.
 Next one is infrastructure business.
 This is Internet Infrastructure, Business Summaries.
 We have domain business, cloud hosting, digital stamp, EC platform,
 as a service association payment access, all of which are number one within all territories.
 all of them are essential
 all of them are not gone
 under the age of the Internet.
 Next, I'd like to talk about internet infrastructure, quarter-by-quarter revenue performances.
 online spending and
 at-home spending were performing
 well from last year.
 We are just a group of number one businesses.
 Therefore, we are very healthy and steadily growing.
 payment by the GFO financial gauge, especially is going very positively from the next generation
 platform called Terra, and
 that will give us more
 revenue sources for transactions.
 Access, which is one of our biggest business,
 saw some self-exchange.
 we have some differences in trend
 from historically
 but
 If you take access and access-related numbers, here's how the performance looks like.
 As you can see, if you take that numbers out, you can see we are steadily and healthily growing in a very steady manner.
 But what about access business?
 I'd like to spend some time talking about how actual business is trending.
 These are the critical KPIs for access.
 One is top-line revenue, and the other one is number of the lines.
 each number of lines
 all keep growing
 but the net cells is
 seen some decline
 and I keep giving you why
 the change in the revenue
 and in terms of
 the trend.
 This is divided with the optical line, mobile line, and other lines.
 The red line is optical line because of remote work and because of the remote businesses, this is performing very well.
 This is mainly stock revenue.
 Blue, on the other hand, which is mobile, ever since the second quarter, we had some line
 quality. Also, aggressive pricing by many bigger carriers have shown some impact.
 Well, mobile is initial and stock, which means higher up-run payment.
 This mobile is struggling, and that is the reason why access itself is performing weak.
 we believe this week
 And performance will continue until the first half of next year.
 but
 The stuck lines for the obstacle will keep growing, which means that impact will generally be canceled.
 So please also pay attention to the numbers of the growth in the numbers of lines.
 and we are promoting
 Docomo Hikari
 or other carriers
 Hikari businesses
 But our brand, GMO Hikari Access, is another area that we will be promoting selling more wines to our customers.
 next
 This is how operating profits will be trending quarter by quarter.
 Opinion profit is, generally speaking, growing, but we have made a big investment for GMO sign,
 and we have started depreciation for a good deal.
 Therefore, the growth for now remains to be small.
 And this is numbers of contracts, numbers of customer accounts at 12.11 million customers or accounts.
 The strong growth was driven by digital stamp, also known as GMO sign.
 We have
 Farewell.
 good
 fellow
 sign campaign last year
 but our customers have been growing
 even after the campaign
 we are now have
 6.9
 bigger customer base
 We have, in total, 334,000 accounts.
 As you can see, a lot of the big accounts are signed up for this program.
 and we are number one in Japan.
 And this is numbers of the contract transaction.
 This is the amount of transactions being sent to the counterparts.
 This is showing how active our customers are using our services.
 very important KPI, we are targeting to become number one in Japan for this particular KPI.
 now
 GMO sign is
 give you
 more productivity for the work
 and can produce papers, and we validated that.
 We have proof-of-concept project with the City of Yokosuka.
 time
 cost an amount of paper can
 drastically be reduced
 and we validated that
 under this program.
 We are also pleased to announce that the Digital Agency, the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Finance
 have confirmed the legality of GMO sign
 as a valid electronic signature in place of a name stamp.
 Going forward, we will continue to expand the functionality
 and provide support to companies and organizations that have adapted to MSI
 in order to make it a more secure and convenient service for both the public and private sectors.
 Next chart shows the transaction value trend for the e-commerce solutions business.
 In addition to the EC platform,
 developed by Kala Meeshop and MakeShop.
 This business consists of new types of EC, such as Minne and Suzuri.
 The quarterly transaction value is now close to 120 billion yen.
 compared to the previous year
 When the transaction value surge due to the impact of COVID-19, the trend has been steady, especially for high price plans.
 About 40% of the total transaction value was settled by GMO Payment Gateway.
 Excluding bank transfers and other payments,
 Most of the amount distributed through credit card and other payment services
 make use of the group's services,
 and we believe this shows the strong synergy between the e-commerce solutions business and the payment business.
 Next is the advertising and media business.
 The page shows the trend and the breakdown of the quarterly net sales.
 Net sale was up 5.9% year-on-year.
 in online advertising, although affiliate advertising was strong.
 sales mail video
 year over year due to
 reactionary design
 from stay-at-home demand among some customers in the advertising agency business
 and the impact of strict screening standards for the ad network advertising.
 on the other hand
 media sales grew significantly
 with unit advertising prices on a recovery track
 a complete turnaround from the negative impact of the pandemic in the previous year.
 Next page shows the trend of quarterly operating profit.
 As you can see, since hitting the bottom in the third quarter of last year,
 The recovery trend is continuing.
 results of internal
 initiatives such as replacement of products, renewal sales methods, and cost reduction
 are continuing
 and despite the temporary factors I mentioned earlier for the third quarter,
 business conditions are favorable for the segment as a whole.
 In the fourth quarter, as planned from the beginning of the fiscal year, we plan to strengthen investments, mainly on the media side.
 Now, next is the financial business.
 Quasily performance trends is shown on this page.
 In the same period of the previous year, profitability of FX worsened due to intensified
 effects.
 in lowering the spreads
 But since the beginning of this year, there has been no such competition, and profitability has improved.
 CEFDs also performed well, resulting in increased sales and profits.
 This chart shows the FX trading volume and the domestic market share.
 The trading volume has remained at a high level, although it has slowed down compared to last year when the market was booming due to the pandemic.
 We continue to enjoy the number one share of the FX market in Japan
 And with the consolidation of YJFX, now Geica EX by GMO, which joined the group in the second quarter,
 we expect our domestic share to reach 30%.
 We will continue to strengthen our synergy to become the overwhelming number one in Japan.
 Next is the crypto assets business.
 The crypto assets business consists of the three businesses shown on this page.
 These are mining business, the exchange business mainly operated by GMO Coin, and the payment
 business which issues stable coins.
 The chart here shows the trend and the breakdown of the net sales of
 CryptoAssets Business.
 The pale blue-colored exchange business at the bottom of the chart
 shows a decrease in both transaction volume and revenue
 compared to the first half of the year when the business was brisk.
 On the other hand, the blue-colored mining business
 enjoy stability despite fluctuations in the external environment
 of crypto asset prices and global hush rate.
 The page shows the quarterly operating profit trend.
 As compared to the same period last year, profits increased by 1.09 billion yen,
 contributing to the performance as the third pillar of the business.
 Against this backdrop, GMO coin is strengthening its marketing investment.
 In the second quarter, we ran TV commercials mainly in the Cantor region
 and received an extremely positive response,
 confirming the effectiveness of our efforts to raise brand recognition and awareness.
 In the fourth quarter, we have started the second phase of TV commercials by expanding the scope of the broadcast.
 We hope to further raise awareness and lead to account openings.
 As for the mining business, we will continue to develop our business in a calm and steady manner.
 Next, I would like to talk about GEN, a stable coin in the crypto assets payment business.
 g yen which has been distributed to overseas exchanges since masters
 will now be listed on Coinbase, one of the world's largest crypto asset exchanges.
 Jiyan is the world's first stakeholder coin that is linked to the Japanese Yen and compiled with the regulations of the U.S. financial authorities.
 We expect to further stimulate trading through the listing of GEN on Coinbase.
 Hi, Nettie.
 let me share with you some of the highlights of the recent topics.
 First, let's talk about the NFT marketplace, Adambai GMO.
 As I told you last time, we started offering the beta version on August the 31st,
 and we are planning to release the official version in December.
 We're working on expanding the product lineup, developing systems such as the listing management
 system.
 so that a wide range of people can list their items
 and supporting multiple languages in order to become the most user-friendly NFT marketplace by far.
 Please keep your eyes on the business.
 Now, next, let's talk about GMO Aozora NetBank.
 As an Internet bank that is always at the side of small and start-up big companies,
 We will provide high-quality, low-cost services that meet the needs of our customers' growth phases.
 With a corporate account that is easy for small and startup companies to open as a gateway,
 we will offer services aligned to the growth phase of our customers,
 such as bank API connection, loans, and links to incorporated financial services,
 respond to the growth of numbers of transfers, as well as issuance of a dedicated credit card when a company grows to be the size of a unicorn.
 point.
 By continuing to promote the series of initiatives now named GMO,
 our Zora NetBank Entrepreneur and Challenger support project.
 We aim to grow together with small and startup companies.
 Peace.
 Low-cost services are essential to activate the use of the accounts.
 As you can see, our bank transfer fees are the lowest in the industry.
 Street.
 The change in fees was triggered by a reduction in interbank fees by the Zengin Network,
 and the decision to lower the fees
 was made in immediate response to the announcement by other banks
 on September 30th, the day before the change on October 1st.
 test.
 Normally, it takes at least a month for other banks to reduce their fees as they need to place orders with vendors.
 Our swift and immediate response were made possible thanks to our enhanced development capabilities.
 The number of corporate accounts that functions as a gateway
 has been steadily growing
 as shown on the chart.
 The bar chart shows the number of companies that have signed up for the API connection.
 The Bank API is a mechanism and specification for calling bank functions such as balance
 inquiries and transfers from the outside.
 Slide.
 We provide the banking API itself free of charge, but we consider it as an important
 KPI that will lead to future transfers.
 us.
 We will contribute to the acceleration of DX by having business companies incorporate the banking functions.
 We will continue to blast forward at the API top runner.
 Please keep your eyes on this business as well.
 Lastly, I would like to talk about our initiatives in the area of next generation air mobility.
 As you know, the keywords like
 Next-generation air mobility, flying cars, and drones have been making the headlines recently.
 Honda has announced its policy to work on an electric
 Vertical Takeoff and Landing e-VTOL aircraft and Marubeni Corporation has also announced that it will purchase 200 units of e-VTOLs.
 Now, why is GMO Internet Group entering the next generation air mobility market?
 The reason is that the sky is a market with the potential to become the last business frontier.
 In particular, flying car market is expected to reach 160 trillion yen in size by 2040.
 It won't be long before flying cars like those seen in Back to the Future become a reality.
 I would also like to add that Kumagai, the group CEO who has license for both helicopter and airplane, is the IT company CEO who knows the best about the sky.
 In the areas of next-generation air mobility, which is expected to grow in the future, we are promoting these three initiatives.
 The first is our investment in a drone and air mobility fund, Drone Fund.
 This fund aims to realize a drone-based society, an air mobility society, and we began our investment back in 2019.
 The second is technological assistance through GMO GlobalSign in the field of drone security for communication and control with ProDrone and SkyDrive companies in which the drone fund has been investing.
 In addition, since May Day of this year, we have been participating in the public
 program.
 Council for Air Transportation Revolution, organized by the Ministry of Economy, Trade
 and Industry, and the Ministry of Land Infrastructure, Transport, and Tourism.
 We are also participating in the study group for the implementation of flying cars at the Osaka Kansai World Expo.
 Technology licensing in the security field will be as shown on the page.
 in the operation of drones and flying cars,
 Countermeasures against security risks, such as hijacking of airframe and operation systems, and falsification and tapping of communication data have been an issue.
 We will contribute in the field of security by access encryption and airframe certification using Global Science SSL.
 In IoT, where everything is connected to the Internet,
 the use of SSL will further advance.
 Please look forward to the future developments.
 Well, that is all for now.
 Thank you very much for watching.
 Internet for everyone.
 5.
 6.
 7.
 8.
 9.
 10.
 13.