 Hello, gentlemen.
 Yet, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Cementos Argos' first quarter 2020 earnings
 conference call with your host Indira Diaz.
 Good morning. My name is Indira Diaz. I'm in the target's ILO and I welcome you to our first
 despite a research release.
 On record today, I was going to stay on Calle out for you.
 Carlos Giuseppe R.C.F.O.
 Marisa Belich de Riz, the VP of League of Legends,
 Bill Wagner, the VP of the U.S. Division, Thomas Restrepo, the VP of the Columbia Division,
 and Camilo Restrepo, the VP of the Caribbean,
 Central America Division.
 Please note that certain forward-looking statements and information during the call or in the
 reports and presentation uploaded at www.argo.co.ir.
 are, are related to the metatarsal system, and it is bigger, which are based on the knowledge
 of...
 in fact, expectations, circumstances, and assumptions of future events.
 Any factors, make those are the future results, performance, or accomplishments that I've
 from those expressed hearings.
 The forward-looking statements are made today, and I was asked not to assume any obligations
 if they said statement, if it seems to us a result of new information, please revents
 the idea of the factors.
 After initial remarks, there will be a Q&A session.
 If you have a question, please press the star key on your telephone keypad, followed by
 by the number one key at any time during the conference.
 we will record these questions and upload them in our web page.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Kali.
 Thank you, Indy, and good morning, everyone.
 Given the current market situation, I would like to start by giving you an update of the
 the status of our operations today.
 the U.S. region that represented last year 39 percent of our cement volumes and close
 to 55 percent for consolidated EBITDA continues to operate under regular standards.
 demand behaved normally until recently. When we started to experience a slowdown in the
 of the region.
 mainly related to experimental patches from our Martinsburg plant.
 On the Caribbean and Central America, we are dispatching cement from all of our facilities
 except on Panama.
 that is still closed by governmental instructions.
 In most of these countries, the demand continues to be affected by the COVID-19 crisis, with
 the exception of Haiti, which exhibits as a satisfactory market performance.
 The Colombian quarantine was lifted on April 13th for infrastructure and April 27th for
 residential and commercial formal sector allowing us to gradually restart our
 operations ever since.
 At the end of April, the retail segment had experienced a recovery of 50% on its daily
 volumes.
 the industrial segment, on the other hand,
 started much slower, given the higher complexity of your starting each operation.
 In light of this challenging market conditions, we have structured and launched Reset, a comprehensive
 action plan to operate the company during the next month.
 Resets which stands for we start safe and healthy to boost the economy bring hope and
 and transform life is a program that the specific company
 to face the pandemic and the later gradual market recovery.
 Reset tackles three dimensions,
 health and safety, liquidity, and operational excellence.
 The Health and Safety Dimension was built on our I Promise program to design and put
 in place all the health and safety protocols that are being implemented to protect our
 employees, clients, surrounding communities, and suppliers to be able to operate under
 the COVID-19 outbreaks.
 we are ready to safely pre-establish operations
 those facilities that are still closed or that are gradually going back to regular production
 standards, while maintaining and improving the current safety protocols in countries
 such as the U.S. and Haiti, where we have not experienced any hope in production.
 The liquidity I mentioned includes cash preservation and the construction of a new operational model
 built with a Europe-based budget methodology for the rest of 2020.
 to improve our cash position,
 Argos disbursed around $160 million in short-term trade lines and consolidated all payments
 related decisions from its local operations to have a more efficient use of liquidity.
 As a result of these measures, the consolidated cash position of the company is to add approximately
 six hundred and fifty million pesos.
 as of April the 3rd.
 an amount significantly higher than the amount we held at the start of the year.
 Our new zero-based budget captures efficiencies that amount between 75 to 90 million dollars
 on 2020 of which 84% will be obtained from fixed cost and 16% from a GMA.
 On top of that, the company has already introduced $40 million in capex from the current year
 projects that are not necessary to operate under the existing market conditions.
 The initiative is related to operational excellence in and ensuring the optimal mix of assets,
 services, manpower, and logistics to be deployed according to the evolution of demand in our
 of different markets.
 In this context, we expect a further migration
 to our technological policy in the future.
 So it's just that this one that enables our clients,
 book contractors and maintenance remixes patches through a digital platform.
 During March, Argus 1 accounted for 70%, 41% and 23%
 of the cement dispatches of Colombia, the U.S. and Panama, respectively.
 and for 49%, 3% and 33% of the renegedy status in these countries.
 in relation to the investors announced to the market on our last earning call for $400
 billion, we would like to mention that after careful analysis, the transaction has been
 postponed based on the uncertainty surrounding the short-term impact of COVID-19 on the worldwide
 economy but maintaining our commitment to carry them out as soon as the market returns
 to better conditions.
 We are aware of the impact that this decision has on leverage
 of the company, and in that sense we have been in constant discussions with both our
 rating agency, our lenders, to make sure that they fully understand and support our decisions.
 Given the strong cash position of the company, these leading initiatives within reserve is
 support from our stakeholders and the passionate commitment of our more than
 and 10,000 employees, we firmly believe that Argos is fully prepared to face the current
 market conditions to continue building dreams that promote development and
 and transform lights.
 Now, moving to our consolidated results, I would like to start by mentioning that all
 comparison on this call will be made on the results including IFRS 16 as we now have comparable
 figures for the present year.
 Percentage changes in the range of dispatches and evidence are calculated based on the
 of former numbers of 2019, which exclude the operations from the Zorinix divestures carried
 out in the U.S. region between 2019 as well as the land appraisals registered in Colombia
 last year.
 CEM and dispatches reach 3.6 million tons during the first quarter of 2020, decreasing 6.1%
 when compared to a gene quarter of 2019.
 and remix these patches, reach 2.1 million kilometers,
 costing a 10.7% decrease on a like for like basis.
 These results were affected mainly by the lockdown measures
 in Colombia, and some concerts of the Caribbean in North America,
 and to a lessened extent to the adverse weather conditions
 experience in some regions of the U.S.
 revenues closed in 2.2 trillion pesos with an increase of 0.2 percent on a year-to-year
 basis, but even mainly the devaluation of the Colombian
 The heavy down viewer hand, decrease 1% on a like-for-like basis in line with the declining
 volumes, experiencing both segments during the quarter as a result of the showdown of
 in Colombia and most of our markets in Central America and the Caribbean.
 Now, to start with our results in each region, I would like to invite Bill to explain the
 performance of the business in the U.S. and our view for the market.
 Thank you, Juan, and good morning, everyone.
 I would like to start by providing some color on our volume performance.
 Cement dispatches posted a slight decrease of 1.2% for the quarter, with low single-digit
 growth in our deep South and Florida cement districts of around 3% and 1% respectively.
 The Northeast reflected positive dynamics, too, but started to face some deterioration
 in volume.
 during March due to the health crisis situation.
 mainly in our mid-east markets.
 For the red index business, we experienced a 5.5% decrease on a life-for-life basis
 when excluding the volume from the plants divested in December of 2019.
 This decrease is mainly due to adverse weather conditions
 and major markets during the quarter where when compared to the first quarter of
 For 2019, Georgia, Dallas, and Houston experienced 13, 10, and 7 less operational days, respectively.
 On prices, based on healthy market dynamics during the first few months of the year, we
 be achieved in improvement in our ready next segment of 1.8% when compared to the same quarter
 of 2019.
 Cement prices, on the other hand, stayed on similar levels to the ones observed in the same quarter of last year.
 These results are aligned with our strategy to continue improving in terms of profitability.
 by higher maintenance expenses of $8.1 million
 dollars for our Martinsburg and Newbury plants. In terms of the market, I'd like to highlight
 the resilience of the U.S. demand during the first quarter of the year, despite the COVID-19
 outbreaks presented throughout the country. Even though construction has
 remained an essential activity. In the near future we envision a slowdown of the
 residential and commercial segments. Based on the readings of some indicators such as
 as unemployment, housing starts, housing permits,
 and the architectural building's index among others.
 On the civil and infrastructure front,
 we proceed a short-term impact duty financial constraint
 at a state and local government's level,
 which, based on construction, spending, reading,
 since mid-2018, we're supporting the positive dynamics
 for this segment until February 2020.
 On the midterm, though, we expect a rebound based on potential stimulus measures from
 the government related to infrastructure, which would positively impact the construction
 sector due to its influence on employment and the multiplier effect on the economy as
 a whole.
 Thank you Bill, to conclude on the US region, I would like to emphasize the fact that we
 We are confident about the role that infrastructure will play on the recording of the American
 economy and in that sense we expect the government initiatives to be developed around that sector.
 Moving on to Colombia, I want to highlight the price improvement achieved during the
 first quarter of the year, together with the efficiencies in energetic captures in the second
 half of last year, which led to an increasingly damaging, even in a scenario of lower volumes
 as a result of the quarantine.
 Tom will now provide additional color on this region.
 Thank you one and good morning
 In the quarter, we continued implementing our strategy to recover value, which led to
 an increase in prices of nearly 13.5% versus the same quarter of last year with a temporary
 loss of volume.
 Volumes were also affected by the quarantine decree in Colombia from March 25th on which
 which cost a reduction of equivalent to eight percent of the business working days in the
 first warning.
 through the quarantine, we were able to continue this process to some essential infrastructure
 projects, such as Tunes de la Línia y Ruytuango and a few mining projects, as well as some
 exports from our Cartagena plant.
 The demand from very low expected decrease 13.9% and 19.5% respectively on a real basis.
 In line with the price improvement,
 IEB deposed it at 15% growth during the quarter, resulting
 also from lower maintenance expenses, as well as from our continuous efforts to negotiate
 supply contracts from key materials, such as coal,
 which led to a decrease in the cost of energetics of 8.8%
 versus the same period of 2019.
 I would also like to emphasize on the EBITDA margin improvement of 4.3%, which is an important
 achievement in a scenario of lower volumes.
 in relation to the restarting of our operation
 To the date of this call, we have restarted our meals at Cartagena, Rio Claro, Tolú,
 and jumbo, as well as 17 of our ready-made plants
 after the country.
 We will adjust our operations network as required by the growth of demand, always focused on
 implementing all the safety protocols to ensure the health of our employees, contractors,
 clients and suppliers. On the demand side, we expect further improvements on the industrial
 segment during the month of May, as construction projects, we'll be able to fully restart the
 operations and hardware stores will become available in line with demand for construction
 a few years.
 The clients from the industrial segment have been able to endure the quarantine measures
 by implementing a quick control on their cars and, therefore, are ready to restart their
 your projects.
 To the date of this report, important projects such as student and project, I think you call
 One, two, and three.
 And Brutal is full of one and two.
 have already successfully restarted their cement
 and really makes consumption.
 In terms of competition, even in the first quarter, the market experience has increased
 in-
 increment imports of 35 and 56 percent respectively when compared to the first quarter of last
 here.
 Additionally, between March and April, the import price has increased 17% due to the
 the evaluation of the Colombian petal, which adds more space for continuing our value recovery
 strategy once the market goes back to more normal standards.
 Thank you, Tom.
 I would also like to highlight the early actions taken by the Colombian government in preventing
 and increasing the contagion curve within the country,
 Thanks for watching.
 Please subscribe.
 the belief of a prompt recovery on the local economy.
 Moving on to the Caribbean in Central America,
 I would like to highlight the improvements
 that we zone every the margin when compared to the last quarter of last year, despite
 the fact that our two biggest corporations,
 Panama and Honduras were closed during the last week of the quarter due to the coronavirus
 crisis. Camilo will provide more information on the performance of the region.
 Thank you, Juan, and good morning, everyone.
 The first quarter of 2020 was positive in terms of market dynamics for countries like Honduras
 and Dominican Republic during January, February, and mid-March.
 From the second week of March on,
 We had several affectations in demand in both countries due to the lockdowns declared by
 by local government.
 these lockdowns have been partially lifted
 to the date of this call.
 On April, we saw volumes in Honduras and the Dominican Republic of around 40 percent of
 of our regular month.
 Panama continued to have challenging market dynamics during the first two months of the
 year, that worsened on March with COVID impact on the demand and the later quarantine measures
 implemented by the government.
 We expect the lockdown measure for the construction sector to be lifted before mid-May, in accordance
 with public statements made by the government, and in that sense, a reopening from more facility
 around that bait.
 Haiti, on the other side, continues its positive trend, improving prices in 7.1 percent and
 volumes in 11.1% versus the first quarter of 2019.
 Overall, we experienced increases in both the EBITDA and the EBITDA margin when compared
 to the fourth quarter of 2019 of 5.9% and 1.2% respectively.
 Unfortunately, these results were still lower
 than the first quarter of 2019.
 in part due to the quarantine measures,
 but mostly due to the overall market conditions in Panama and the fact that prices in Honduras
 continue to be lower than the average price of 2019.
 As a result, cement volumes decreased 4.1%
 and ready-mix volumes decreased 34.1%
 when compared to the first quarter of 2019.
 This lower volumes led to a decrease of 16.9% in the revenues and 33.5% on EBITDA.
 During this quarter, we continue to work on obtaining further efficiencies on energetics
 on our local operations.
 In Honduras, for instance, we inaugurated a solid fuel storage in the north of the country
 that will allow us to receive bigger amounts of fuel
 and therefore improve the purchase price.
 We also supplied, during the first quarter of the year, 11.6 percent of the energy from
 are together as soon as planned with the solar farm operated by Celsius.
 lower cost together with environmental benefits.
 This initiative lowered the CO2 emissions from our energy supply in around 1,500 tons
 during the first quarter of 2020.
 reinforcing our commitment towards sustainability.
 We believe that the second trimester of this year
 will continue to be challenging for the regional, but maintain our cautious optimism on the
 the second half of the year due to the fact that economies such as Panama, Honduras, and
 Puerto Rico.
 took early actions on lockdowns, and quarantine measures,
 And in that sense, we expect an early recovery
 in those economies.
 Thank you.
 I would also like to highlight the effort of the Panamanian government to protect the local economy
 by imposing a 30 percent tariff to the imports of cement to the country, which will have
 positive impact on the competitive scenario of the country. We expect similar strategies
 to be implemented from other governments in the Caribbean
 in Central American region.
 I would like to refer now to our bonus statement.
 We close the first quarter with a net debt to a evident ratio of four times,
 which is lower to the ratio of the last quarter of 2019.
 This result was driven by the fact that our dollar-denominated
 was proportionally higher than our dollar denominated debt.
 debt, improving our leverage ratio in a scenario of similar intent and editor, regarding the
 commitment that we have previously made from the
 emergency company and reducing our net debt-to-early debt ratio, I want the
 I assure you that even though the food market conditions won't allow us to do that as soon
 as we were expecting, we continue to focus on obtaining that result in the mid-term.
 This temporary crisis has boosted our creativity,
 our innovation and our savings initiatives, and has reinforced the commitment of our people
 to adapt Argos to the new market conditions.
 We are currently reviewing the guidance provided on our last earnings call, taking into account
 the unprecedented market conditions that we are currently going through.
 expect to have a very beautiful on our next earnings call finally I would like
 to close the call by asking you all to stay safe, to take care of yourself and your loved
 ones and to comply with all the recommendations from your local authorities on matters of
 social distancing. Thank you all for your attention. Operator, we can proceed now with
 the Q&A section.
 Thank you.
 So ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder to ask a question over the telephone, just press
 star didn't want.
 Again, if you have a question, just press star then one.
 To remove yourself from the queue, just press the pound or hash key.
 Our first question comes from Juliana Aguilar with Bankolonia.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning everyone, and thanks for the call. I have two questions. My first one is regarding the resumption of activities in
 in Colombia.
 How are you seeing this resumption in scenario of lower demand?
 Are you going to concentrate operations in just a few plans, maybe planning on building
 inventories and then shutting down the kilns. Any additional call or you could
 give us will be very helpful. And my second question is regarding your
 of divestment plans that you have decided to perform given market conditions.
 Are you still seeing this?
 I was expecting this to be carried out this year,
 or you see them, you see it the next few days more 2021.
 more 2021. Thank you very much.
 Good morning, we are now thankful for your questions.
 In Colombia, we have got what we need to start in our operations, and in reality it's that
 We have a lot of markets that are
 You have seen the better in the mountaineer than you would expect.
 We have an agent for these, I'll say many things, most of our plants.
 So you have to count these both sides using all these facilities.
 We will then proceed with the start of our grinding mills, initially, in order for plants
 for the having a key victory in the 20s.
 I'm going to follow you guys,
 and we have seen that for the first two or three months,
 most likely will only be two weeks in a car or at a cafe.
 But I do the other things that they see in my meetings,
 We have it, and we expect it to be established by agents, so we are ready to move on and
 that you would plant at the next meeting.
 The second question about the retirement plan,
 the reality that we had a level C3 forward,
 The resolution is followed by the system in Texas.
 We have more than a quarter of parties
 in the process, but we decided to still wait a little bit and see if we have more PCVDT
 and the impact of COVID-19 on the U.S. economy.
 So most likely we will be able to deposit the third quarter of this year.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, committee, for executing our guidance.
 plan to replace the other asset to the company to the values that we want.
 Okay, thank you very much
 Our next question is from Paul Chapman with Onfield Investments.
 Hello, good morning gentlemen, thank you for taking the question, I hope that you are
 very safe.
 First of all, I would like to clarify a couple of points.
 I think you mentioned the target of production of capex of 40 million this year.
 I just would like to understand, is it 40 million less than last year, or 40 million less than
 any of the guidance that you had given me to be able to read.
 And the second point I would like to clarify is on the price team in Colombia, I think
 You mentioned a new quiz that's expected to be published.
 At center.
 4.
 Yeah
 Oh, could you please speak to me?
 We're doing very well around here.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 First of all, I would like to clarify a couple of points.
 The first point I'd like to clarify is on the CAPEX.
 You mentioned a reduction of 40 million of capex in 2020.
 Is it 14 million less than last year or is it 14 million less than the guidance that
 should get in February.
 And the second point is on the pricing.
 In Colombia, I think you mentioned an increase of 13.5% of prices in Q1, but you're mentioning
 FOB prices. I would just like to understand, is it your own selling prices, or are we talking about import prices?
 Thank you for, thank you for the, for the question.
 And in the context, the notion of $40,000 is, you know, with respect to all our gadgets,
 to last 40 million dollars to raise them, our clients have been giving up the years.
 And I'm sorry, but I came here to take on part of the question.
 The second part of the question was about the pricing in Colombia.
 You mentioned an increase of 13% of FOV prices in Colombia, but I just would like to understand
 weather we are talking about.
 Portlases.
 your own sitting prices.
 If I understand your words, I have a question about the price increase in Colombia, the price
 The dynamic is really going extremely well.
 We will be able to see the strategy for this in March.
 The reality is that we are seeing the possibility to continue
 That's right, you're going to start going forward,
 start in the third quarter of the year,
 I just want to start to report a little bit of the evaluation of the program session.
 The gap of the internal crisis is always useful for the crisis.
 That's why I think it should be realistic that we should be using all these opportunities
 to report what we strive for as we call it in Colombia.
 And now, I'll leave you with just a few stories and, for that reason,
 Colombia and the United States prices are below 80 dollars, and in reality that,
 on average, people fighting the prices in Colombia are closer to 119.
 and its typical account order and market.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question is from Gordon Lee with BTG.
 Yes, hi, good morning.
 Thank you very much for the call.
 I hope everybody on the call is doing well
 and your family's as well.
 Just very quickly, two questions.
 first on the balance sheet was wondering what the plans are for the refinancing or the kicking
 back of maturities that are on the balance sheet for 2020. And I got similarly how conversations
 with creditors are going on, on waiving covenants.
 And then just on the operating side,
 You mentioned in the release and in your remarks on the call, if I can start on that, that
 you were expecting other countries in the Caribbean and Central American region to follow
 Panama's lead on imposing import tariffs for cements.
 I was wondering whether that's sort of an expectation based on your reading of the markets or whether
 There's actual tangible comments or progress made by some of these markets already on this
 front.
 Thank you very much and I really hope I answered this as a good question tonight
 And then I will ask Canvas to give comments on our way.
 and we believe to start again our conversation with the affected agencies and the banks.
 And the reality is that with these findings, we have seen the crucial awareness of the local authorities to ease and devise the human protection of medical and the protection of the joint medical markets.
 and that means that they will be playing with your campaign.
 These are these reporters.
 We're going to have to do that already in Panama,
 but we're going to have to do that in the U.S.
 seen and seen that sort of even being used to give you an example.
 So we have high expectations.
 from the training that we have seen in the region.
 For the second person, I would like to add a couple of things to give you what's called.
 Hi Gordon, I think it is very important to point out to start and change that when this
 This crisis started for us in March 20th.
 We have about $330 million of maturity for the rest of the 2020.
 So far, we have rolled over about 115 million dollars
 with different tenors at two years in some, in other cases,
 rolled over 100% of the loss of the order facilities that we had to roll over.
 And really, we do like what is mentioned in the conference, and really we are in a permanent
 The contact with the different banks, the legal support has been great of all of them.
 is a second part of the question about the way
 We are expecting the conversations with the creators, because we are requesting a waiver
 for the song.
 Next, what is...
 really this is, this is not just a, this is not very well, this is not just a situation
 of segmented hardware, this is really a very,
 a very general situation in the market right now.
 The good thing is that, I remember in the presentation that maybe we were in a very different
 We ended March with very close to four times the NEDATO VIGDA.
 done.
 Because of this crisis, we are expecting to increase the level of operation of the ratio.
 But we are very optimistic about the negotiation with our creditors.
 That's very clear. Thank you both very much and keep well.
 Okay. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Adrienne Huerta with J.P. Morgan.
 Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I had one question on the cost savings. You can just
 provide us with more comments on where this fixed cost that you've
 playing to cut to come from and and then and then the second question that I had
 was if you can just tell us what happened to the price increases that you had planned
 in the U.S. for April and which price increases you have executed already and which ones you're
 planning to do for the rest of the year.
 Good morning, agent, and thank you for the questions.
 I mean, the reality is that we have become really good at estimating all the predations
 in the last few years. And with the challenges that we are facing from COVID-19 in our operations,
 And we see the need to continue accelerating the optimization of our operations.
 The savings will come from savings in maintenance and services, and I mean, as you know, total
 close to between $75 million and $100 million.
 We are fully confident that we will be able to achieve that target for the months in
 and how he's got to be able to see him going forward.
 So the savings will come from the U.S. and from Central America,
 the Caribbean, and Colombia.
 in terms of the price scenario in the U.S.
 I would like to really want you to give me more color than I do.
 You have seen this in the market.
 Yeah, Adrian, hey, good morning.
 As far as price, as you suggested, we were looking for a price increase, April.
 The reality is that we had some good success early in a couple markets, namely Florida and Dallas.
 You know, unfortunately, given the situation while we're into the spring, we pushed out
 the increase that was going to be a strong move in April and we're monitoring the situation
 the best we can to kind of see, you know, what
 We're going down with what's happening with the virus and the impact.
 But right now, we're looking at something in the late second quarter,
 maybe to push another price decrease.
 Perfect. Thank you. And I'm going to be back in just on the cost savings.
 These are the lower cost on permaintenance.
 not just for this year or with those ones that we see great volume to have to be we'll have to be
 be Expensed.
 You know, Asian people depend on their dimensionaries that are in that plane, that we are certainly
 that you will be able to achieve these savings for this year.
 And for the following year, it will depend on the number
 and answers we have in operations according to the reporting of the months.
 Understood.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you. And our next question is from Alexandra Olegon.
 with Morgan Stanley.
 Hi, good morning.
 Thank you for the call.
 for taking my question. It's really related to what you're seeing on the ground, so you
 We did mention that volumes in Central America and the Caribbean are about 40% of volumes
 of a regular month.
 So just wondering if you could add some commentary there for Columbia and the U.S. of what you
 soon for April and May.
 Laura, Alexandra, thank you for the question.
 I would like to ask Thomas for a step up to review an idea of how what we've seen things
 about the economy first.
 Hello, Alejandra.
 the system out of the scripting.
 So in April, we had the first half of the month
 was, you know, pretty much a full stop, only, you know, a few of the specs for infrastructure
 projects that were, you know, able to continue operating. But by the end of the month, we
 we're already reaching the 40% of our daily dispatches.
 So April, April turns out better than we thought.
 Basically, you know, we have quite as much volume as we expected in the current teams.
 In the month of May, we are seeing our volumes around 50% of what it used to be, could be
 a little more and you know to give you some more color about it we are we're
 There seemed surprisingly a great deal of activity compared to what we were expecting
 in the retail business, which has, you know, become so far the majority, you know, the
 larger than even the industrial dispatches we are doing right now.
 So, as of May the 11th, when, you know, these patches in Bogota and many other cities, and
 and all retail stores around the country should become available and online.
 We are seeing, you know, volumes growing, as I said, to a little bit more than half
 for what we were dispatching in the previous months.
 And now we'll be able to provide us some color about the volumes in the U.S. in April, which we are very pleased.
 Thank you for the question.
 Actually, April was much stronger than the anticipated.
 I think initially there was some forecasters who may have weakening demand towards the
 the latter half, but we were suddenly
 We see the volumes ended very strong.
 As for May, so far this month, we're seeing another sign about the museum.
 to leave for the first week.
 volume to a tracking pre-post.
 We do see in the future that there's going to be some level of slowdown in the
 residential segment I think probably to begin with and then maybe the commercial
 in the back row that it works off.
 But at this point, it's kind of hard to predict when that might occur, because at this point,
 We thought we may see some slowdown already, but we have not.
 the impact that we've had so far has been more weather related.
 So, again, we're encouraged at this point and I'm forward to see what's going to happen
 the rest of this morning.
 Thank you.
 The answer I mean, can you provide us with some color about what's going on in our markets
 in Central America and the Caribbean, you make sure.
 Sure, Juan. Alessandra told you before you presented a broad estimate, but in more detail,
 scale on duras. In 15 days of opening during April, we were able to dispatch around 50 percent
 of our budget.
 Panama, as we said, is still frozen.
 We have seal dispatches, but we have the news that we,
 that the economy will reopen next week, starting with construction of one of the sectors that
 So that's a positive, positive news.
 Thank you.
 hundred percent of budget and has been for the first four months of the year, and the
 the land is still strong.
 What the Dominican Republic did,
 about 40% of our normal,
 dispatches and this with the construction at a halt and this was made between dispatches
 to people that were doing inventory for grids
 in the other small construction.
 So that's part of this, also for the private fee.
 Puerto Rico, who has, well, has had a very long closure, but the government has at different
 point in time, we opened some areas, for example, small hardware stores with initial
 This catch is king bridge unique.
 And that, along with exports, represented about 25%
 of the budget. So, it is also positive that, particularly, we will reopen the construction
 sector also starting next week.
 The trees, which had also cultured in most of the islands, the budget was around 40 percent
 as well.
 And then we have Suriname with 85% of budget, so we just have 15% beef jowl, French bullion,
 So even though that they were measures taken by the government, we did not see a decrease
 in demand and the rest of the export markets were about 70% so we are seeing a better demand
 that we had before April.
 So that's our encouraging news.
 Thanks for watching.
 Thank you very much. This was very clear. And just a quick follow-up on your savings.
 Is it fair to assume that it will be proportionally split in all the countries?
 $75 million to $90 million, would it be proportional all across the U.S.
 from the Caribbean.
 You know, we are expecting to be the highest savings in Colombia, followed by the years
 and then by the CCA, Alexander.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Roberto Paniagua with Corfi Colombiana.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you for your time.
 Maybe please.
 The third demand is related to the summit price in Colombia.
 I don't know if that's what I'm talking about.
 Hi, Roberto, I'm sorry, but we can listen to you, can you speak louder please?
 I do.
 Do you listen now?
 Do you want me to speak louder?
 and you'll be seeing me now.
 Yeah, it's there.
 Okay. Okay. Thank you. I'm sure it's worth it.
 Yes, I have just a few questions.
 the program
 can you tell me the
 part of the synoptribe variations in Colombia,
 The second is about any market share loss that you could have in Colombia in the quarter,
 G2D entrance of a new complexity code.
 And last one, the project project estimation in Colombia.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Robert.
 that we call the instrument price were isn't it?
 Columbia was 5%,
 We continue deploying with a lot of success over the strategy of leading the price recovery
 in the market.
 We may have a little stuff, you know, very slightly market-shorting in the semi-business
 in Colombia, it was growing in about 7% every month through the end of February and we were
 But we were very pleased with the success of our study of price recovery.
 We will have to wait until we have more visibility in the second quarter, but we are very pleased
 with our market position in Colombia.
 I don't know if you would like to add a little bit more color to the answer.
 Well, about the 4G project estimation,
 We are seeing, you know, all of the projects going strong, financially solid still.
 And we see our, you know, all of our customers very easy taking care of their employees
 with all these, you know, very demanding protocols
 of health and safety and, you know, we are still, we are still seeing 4G as a main driver
 of the men. That's pretty much what I wanted to have done.
 Roberto, does that answer your question?
 Yes, yes. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 And our next question is from Juan Diaz, with Jorge Veniz.
 Hi, good morning, and thank you for the presentation.
 I have two questions.
 My first question is, could you spend more on the construction of the net debt if it
 plus dividends ratio and dollars, and would this indicator be including IFRS 16 and using
 and just let it be done.
 And what are the strategies to lower this indicator throughout the year with regard to
 rating agencies.
 And my second question is what is the medium term liquidity strategy and I'll look at considering
 that the dividend payments that should happen in the second half of the year were to be
 supported by the postpone divestitures.
 Thank you.
 And thank you for the question.
 If you'd like to answer the first question about this, there's a fairly good ratio.
 What exactly is the question?
 What I would like to know is, for example, in what I understood in the last report from
 rating agencies, they don't make a division on IFRS 16 and one for that side and the other
 Okay, no, I got it, I got it.
 Okay.
 because the right thing to do is to remove the area for the existing assets or debt.
 Yep, you didn't?
 Uh, no, they-
 The fully IFX-16 is pretty similar.
 It's pretty, pretty similar because our ratio,
 just taking into account the dead related to assets per use
 between divided by the depreciation plus amortization
 like the interest because of this leases is right now four times for the reason including
 The ratio is really close to four times.
 I was just asking, you see me?
 Yes, and what were the strategies to lower this indicator throughout the year?
 Here.
 Now, should we re-hear the communicator?
 The idea, like we have mentioned, is really the predictability of the data over a second
 quarter and the tenth quarter obviously right now is very complex for that reason we are taking
 all these measures are like the apex, the apex cut, and they save a lot of other measures
 in case of liquidity, do you ask as well what are the ways,
 Well, our current position in the equation is about 500,
 For example, 15 trillion pesos.
 I don't know, billion pesos.
 And really, the idea, the idea is to end the second quarter with about, in a very expressive
 scenario we are with about 300 million pesos for reading about circulation
 No matter that, it's very important to highlight what Juan Esteban, Tomás, Billy, and Camilo
 as mentioned, that comparing the first escalator scenario
 But in the reality, April was by far better than our initial scenario and May is going
 better by far as well. For better reason, we're expecting that we are ending in a better
 procedure in terms of liquidity.
 And we will want it to be a cash position of the company with by week going forward,
 depending on how things will play out.
 We are confident as Carlos is saying that we will be able to anticorporate with a very good cash position.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Rodrigo Sanchez
 with the Vivienda Corridores.
 Yes, good morning, and thank you for the presentation.
 I also have two questions.
 In addition to the sponsor rate secured out of April, Carlos comments on expected weekly
 levels.
 Are you expecting to report further death increases throughout the rest of the year?
 And also, could you please mention the amount you still have available through secure credit
 lines.
 And my second question is, I understand that the surgery you are on, Tinkum Tosura, you
 That's collateral for the great life you have in place.
 Will you be restrained to sell them or at least part of it if you need it to do so?
 Thank you.
 For the first part of the, for the first part of the question,
 We are at a high level of pros, the ability to invest in the model, another extra 15 million
 dollars that now that will operate as an insurance of liquidity because really now we don't need
 This extra liquidity that really we prefer to have is extra liquidity in our hands.
 And we have this button in this extra amount.
 This will be not confirmed.
 regarding the things that we were mentioning.
 And with this new digital line, we will be in a very good position of the community for many months.
 And Gryptosura is a collateral constraint line? No. No, no.
 We don't have any collateralized sales.
 I think that would be useful for the development.
 Okay.
 Our next question is from Alejandro Chavella, with credit, please.
 Thanks for watching guys.
 Thank you, my question.
 Stay safe.
 Just on competitive dynamics in Colombia, I know you already mentioned a little bit,
 If you could comment a little bit, would you like to the improvement that you are seeing
 in import pricing and the slide market share law that you had in the quarter.
 Could you comment a little bit more on what you expect coming forward in terms of market
 share or what are you seeing from the market as a whole with the price increase that you
 amazing, the first quarter.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you Alejandro, the market in Colombia was behaving in a very good way until the first
 of March, with the increasing demand of last year of close to 500,000 tons plus the 7%
 pieces in mind through therapy, the reality is that the concrete is not at all there in
 my opinion, opposed to P.
 in various ways, including prizes,
 including youth cap,
 present that we have these important prices and the intention of, you know, for everybody
 to every work, because of capitalistic study in Colombia.
 I would expect that scenario to continue in the same way going forward once the amount
 starts to be covered.
 So far, we are extremely pleased with the reaction of the market in April and in May,
 And in other opinion, our competitive position has strength in this real start of the economy.
 because of the close relationship that we have with our clients and the technical assistance
 that we provide to them, in other opinion,
 have a superior value position for the social sector of the market, and we are there in
 the only cement player in Colombia who access directly a wider range of hardware distrosions
 in the constitution, right, and, you know, going, I guess,
 to more than 5,000 have been disposed.
 So in our opinion, our value for the position will be
 important aspects to us beyond four years.
 We don't foresee anybody continuing crisis, no matter what scenario of demand plays out
 going forward is also to be significant gap in prices,
 is at least an important price.
 And what I wanted to add that during this quarter, we gained market share in the industrial
 business where we suffered the most by the end of last year, particularly in the red
 So, we are, we are as strong as we've always been in that industrial part of the, of the market.
 The lack of market share has been mostly focused on on the retail business, but is where we have been recovering prices faster.
 We have gone as usual faster than our competitors in that market, and I think it's pretty much
 a very good move to have done it before this crisis, because otherwise, you know, our competitors
 you'll be, as Juan was saying, forced or incentivized, you know, to recover value as well for their
 companies in a, you know, more stressful market.
 So we are poised to recover the market share with healthier prices, as we are seeing today,
 and, you know, input value pricing has been, you know,
 a very good indicator of the, you know, the direction where national crisis should go
 and in this case, this is pointing in the right direction.
 Thank you very much.
 I'm just, thank you very much, very cute.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Stefania Mosquera,
 with credit card capital.
 Good morning.
 Thank you very much for the presentation.
 I have two questions.
 My first question is regarding the distribution
 of your cash cost, what proportion would you say is fixed
 And what proportion would you say is variable?
 And then my second question is regarding
 the competitive dynamics in Honduras.
 to mention in the presentation that you had at price decreases.
 So I would like to have a little bit more detail in that front.
 Thank you for the effort for your question.
 The speed of our body on fixed cost is more or less 50-50.
 And regarding Honduras, the reality is that we are struggling to see the dynamic in the
 market in 2020.
 January and February were very good months in terms of demand.
 So things were going way better in Honduras.
 and with the reporting of the market that Camilo mentioned in April,
 We still don't have enough disability and we need more weeks to really know what it's
 going to be like normal demand in Honduras again, but up to now we are pleased with the
 dynamics.
 market continues recording
 We foresee a scenario in which we can start a project or strategy in Honduras similar
 to the one that we are executing in Poland.
 I don't know coming if you would like to add some color to my answer.
 I think just to mention that in this previous, the address as well,
 but the coward is something that is being discussed,
 So that could potentially, there is a role in the direction of the prices in the market.
 And again, starting on December, following through to the middle of March, we had the
 a very strong demand in the country, which I think is very positive.
 You'll see how the recovery goes, and what top programs does the government give them
 to sort of a liquid-covered economy.
 But definitely construction sector for a country like Honduras is a critical sector to restart
 to secure as part of the jobs for the country.
 Great.
 Great, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question.
 It's from Andres Soto, which I'm from there.
 Good morning, everybody, and thank you for the presentation.
 I found very interesting your comments about the significant decline of cement and timber
 imports in Colombia this year and also the tariffs that were implemented in Panama and
 a potential limit to be implemented in Honduras as well.
 So I would like to understand how much imports represent
 from each of those markets.
 I mean, how much importers, either Senado or King,
 that represent of the Colombian cement market as of 2019,
 And if you guys share the same number for Panama and Honduras,
 We will be very helpful.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Andres.
 import into Colombia, mainly clinker last year, close to 600,000 tons, imports into
 to Honduras and Panama, close to a percent of the markets, in each of those markets,
 Panama cement, and I'm going to do that as well, only cement.
 In our opinion, there is a trend in our conscious towards, you know, supporting local industries
 just to protect employment, and especially in places such as Colombia, where there are
 no
 It's that way below the input part of the pages, if that didn't make any sense for the
 content to use, you know, for in-preserve,
 to import kinker where we have enough local capacity to supply the industry local integrated
 So, in our opinion, that is a trend that will prevail going forward on this.
 That was really helpful. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Francisco Suarez with Scotia Bank.
 Hi, thank you for the call. Good morning. I hope you are doing well in KSC and you're
 You're like your loved ones.
 Congrats on the nice performance on margin in
 despite the huge dropping volumes that tells you a little bit about what you're doing, congrats on that.
 The first tip that I have on the medicine is first,
 What does it take commercially to be ready to be better positioned to sell more cement
 to a wedding infrastructure project.
 And secondly, do you think that the overall performance in densely populated regions in
 in the United States.
 might be affected more compared to all the regions within the United States.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your questions, and I'm ready as well, but please repeat that for months
 of our business in Colombia, this to be an idea
 what they don't argue, per se, on the young audience,
 for very, very much in excess of $30 per ton of data.
 And if you start once, then we'll start picking up the yard.
 very confident that the profit is there.
 We still have our previous information,
 that we continue to improve in our significant way.
 If you want to answer any questions about this market, I would like to be able to answer any questions.
 Yeah, thank you. Good morning. It's your question regarding infrastructure.
 We feel like we are very well positioned to take on more of that opportunity as it presents itself.
 we think it's going to be much bigger going forward,
 that the reality is, as of now in Q119, we had about 5%
 that represented about 5% of our volume.
 and in Q1, 2020, it's representing about 8% of our volume.
 So, you know, we happen to be focusing on that.
 So we feel like we're in a pretty good situation
 when you do see some increased demand there
 to be able to take advantage of it.
 Thank you.
 So, sorry, and given the differences in demand from COVID-19 from densely populated regions
 in the next video.
 Thank you.
 are not as densely populated regions.
 That one is for you. I don't think that we are seeing any difference in demand from last
 in the city-populated regions,
 for the big regions.
 areas in the U.S., right?
 Please.
 Yes, that's great.
 I think it will be a different one.
 I think, you know, we're monitoring that as we go because the local and state governments,
 you know, they kind of make some of their own decisions
 and where we have revenues and tolls,
 And we have things that help fund the highway, the gas tax,
 and things like that, wherever there's differences there,
 there could be differences in demand as well.
 but we keep an eye on that by state.
 Perfect.
 Thank you so much. Take care.
 Thank you.
 And our next question is from my best with database analysis.
 Thank you very much.
 But my question is on energy costs, please.
 they were down, I think, in Colombia 8.8% in Q1.
 What is the outlook for energy costs in Colombia, please, for the rest of the year?
 Secondly, in the U.S., were there any savings in energy or diesel costs of significance
 in Q1 and again what's the outlook for the rest of the year if you could and then finally
 on your reset initiative.
 Does it include the benefit of lower energy costs expected this year or would they be
 on top of the reset initiative cost savings. Thank you.
 Thank you, Mike.
 That might be the reality that in Colombia, energy price has decreased in a significant
 from last year for the remaining of the year we are seeing them on the same level as we
 We have the first quarter of the year in the U.S.
 We have seen significant savings in diesel from our very little fleet.
 I'm significant.
 because that means very good, very good performance
 because if there's no work for it, you don't solve all of them.
 So, in general, we are foresee now much further scenario in terms of energy privies in other
 by what we do.
 See you in the next video.
 Americans can be caught in there.
 All of these consist of all importance and technical importance.
 So if you have intensive energy cost, there will be some very favorable going forward
 in all of the, of the free regions.
 If Tomas or Camilo or Bill would like to comment a little bit more on the specifics of each region and more than welcome.
 One, from my part, I would just like to add that the impact of these energy cost reduction
 on a diagonal cross in Colombia are very significant.
 That's all for today.
 are valuable across.
 a ton, including France's institutions that have had the Hema in order to fill in web
 That's probably why it's adumable.
 So our average variable cost in Colombia is $20 and it goes very, very much lower, you know,
 It sounds like Catahena, for example.
 So that is a great effect of these prices.
 In Colombia, we are using mostly coal today as gas is nominated in dollars, so that's very
 a very good availability of coal at this moment and our strategy to diversify our
 few materials with alternative fuels is also paying back as we are using cheap tires and
 the biomass and other different types of fuels.
 And we're seeing, you know, good opportunities to start using urban residues,
 and converting into fields for the future.
 So we are seeing a good outlook in terms of clearance for this year in Colombia.
 Thank you, come
 I can't compliment on Honduras and Puerto Rico.
 You have, of course, it's meant to be the solar generation
 field in Honduras, which has a significant lower cost or lower price of energy to the
 they'll call energy that's available.
 there were significant savings.
 We're also installed or putting in operation a solid fuel storage in the northern part
 in the other country.
 We were, before we were buying,
 from a local supplier, and now we're able to bring in ships of 30,000 to 40,000 tons,
 which gives it a very, you know, a good heads-off on negotiating prices or, you know, you're seeing
 Thank you very much.
 Bye.
 used by $10 to $15 per ton.
 So that's going to have also a point to, you know,
 and impacting the cost of the operation.
 And, importantly, we had negotiated a call last year,
 which was much better than the price that we had before,
 But we expect to have, of course, a better pricing
 to the fields or the commodity prices
 in the future for the operation.
 And we're also looking at implementing or looking at different solutions for energy
 in countries which we still have a high cost
 such as Uyghur and Puerto Rico.
 Other countries such as Panama and the Middle Republic,
 We have very competitive construction
 the low-call energy suppliers.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 what you said for the U.S. standpoint with respect to diesel.
 I mean, we have seen some movement at the conference, especially in our rate and mix business.
 But, again, I think you're correct.
 feel like we're going to see more of that as the year goes on, just because of what's
 happening with the situation in general.
 Thank you for your interest.
 Thank you for that. Can I just then follow up?
 Are those savings from all those fuel savings you've been talking about, are they in the
 reasonable...
 reset numbers or are they on top of the reset numbers?
 They will be on top of the digit numbers.
 So, as I said, it's viable cost and we are basically addressing the fixed cost and tactics.
 Excellent. Thank you very much and stay safe.
 Thank you.
 And our last question is from one here with Ashmore.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 Thank you.
 And could you provide us with an overview for the working capital requirements of the business?
 We saw an increase in inventories and receivables, so can you tell us how these accounts are behaving?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Juan.
 Thank you for your question.
 Can you give us some code over there?
 No, thank you.
 Thank you.
 management.
 Okay.
 High one.
 Oh, they're working.
 The working capital, the behavior of the working capital so far from the beginning of this crisis has been very good.
 We are controlling almost at this level of the organization that the SXComp we are controlling
 Almost every one of the pre-works of the
 POTSHA's auditors, I think that
 that this is happening in person, like this one.
 and that is just to give you a little more color.
 The people in Colombia don't know how to do that.
 So it's going very well.
 We stopped the operations in the last 10 days of March, but we have collected about 90 billion
 pesos or more than 90 billion pesos during April, not selling, but we are collecting the receivables.
 And we are, as well, who would place a plan in order to reduce the level of the inventory
 risk in all of the three regions and that is going well as well and for that reason the
 The idea is to have a really at an extreme control in all of the three lines of the working capital.
 And we consider that we have the, we are, we are expected a very good plan in all of the previous one.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Thank you.
 and I'm not showing any further questions in the queue, so.
 So once again, thanks a lot for connecting to our conference
 go today, please stay safe and looking forward to seeing you all in our next conference call.
 Have a great day!
 And with that, ladies and gentlemen,
 should we conclude our program for today.
 Thank you for your participation.
 Have a great day.