 Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Cementos Argos First Quarters 2020 Earnings Conference Call with your host, Indira Diaz. Good morning. My name is Indira Diaz, Cementos Argos IRO, and I welcome you to our first quarter results release. On the call today are Juan Esteban Calle, our CEO, Carlos Giusti, our CFO, Maria Isabel Echeverry, the VP of Legal Affairs, Bill Wagner, the VP of the U.S. Division, Tomas Restrepo, the VP of the Columbia Division, and Camilo Restrepo, the VP of the Caribbean and Central America Division. Please note that certain forward-looking statements and information during the call or in the reports and presentation of Loretta at www.argos.co.ir are related to Cementos Argos USA and its subsidiaries, which are based on the knowledge of current facts, expectations, circumstances, and assumptions of future events. Many factors may cause Argos future results, performance, or accomplishments to dissect from those expressed hearing. The forward-looking statements are made today, and Argos does not assume any obligations to update said statements in the future as a result of new information, future events, or any other factors. Today, after the initial remarks, there will be a Q&A session. If you have a question, please press the star key on your telephone keypad, followed by the number one key at any time during the conference. We will record these questions and upload them in our webpage. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Cayo. Thank you, Indi, and good morning, everyone. Given the current market situation, I would like to start by giving you an update of the status of our operations today. The U.S. region that represented last year 39% of our cement volumes and close to 55% of our consolidated EBITDA continues to operate under regular standards. Market demand behaved normally until recently, when we started to experience a slowdown in the residential segment, mainly related to cement dispatches from our Martinsburg plant. On the Caribbean and Central America, we are dispatching cement from all of our facilities except from Panama. That is still closed by governmental instructions. In most of these countries, the demand continues to be affected by the COVID-19 crisis, with the exception of Haiti, which exhibits a satisfactory market performance. The Colombian quarantine was lifted on April 13th for infrastructure and April 27th for the residential and commercial formal sector, allowing us to gradually restart our operations ever since. At the end of April, the retail segment had experienced a recovery of 50% on its daily volumes. The industrial segment, on the other hand, started much slower, given the higher complexity of restarting its operations. In light of this challenge in market conditions, we have structured and launched RESET, a comprehensive action plan to operate the company during the next months. RESET, which stands for Restart Safe and Healthy to boost the economy, bring hope, and transform lives, is a program that requires the company to face the pandemic and the later gradual market recovery. RESET tackles three dimensions, health and safety, liquidity, and operational excellence. The health and safety dimension was built on our I-Promise program to design and put in place all the health and safety protocols that are being implemented to protect our employees, clients, surrounding communities, and suppliers to be able to operate under the COVID-19 outbreaks. We are ready to safely restart operations in those facilities that are still closed or that are gradually going back to regular production standards while maintaining and improving the current safety protocols in countries such as the U.S. and Haiti where we have not experienced any help in production. The liquidity I mentioned includes cash preservation and the construction of a new operational model built with a zero-based budget methodology for the rest of 2020. To improve our cash position, Argos disbursed around $160 million in short-term credit lines and consolidated all payments-related decisions from its local operations to have a more efficient use of liquidity. As a result of these measures, the consolidated cash position of the company stood at approximately $615 billion as of April the 30th, an amount significantly higher than the amount we held at the start of the year. Our new zero-based budget captures efficiencies that amount between $75 to $90 million in 2020, of which 84% will be obtained from fixed cost and 16% from SG&A. On top of that, the company has decided to reduce $40 million in CAPEX from the current year on projects that are not necessary to operate under the existing market conditions. The initiatives related to operational excellence aimed at ensuring the optimal mix of assets, products, services, manpower, and logistics to be deployed according to the evolution of demand in our different markets. In this context, we expect a further migration toward technological inclusive future, such as Argos One, that enables our clients to book and track their cement and remix dispatches through a digital platform. During March, Argos One accounted for 70%, 41%, and 23% of the cement dispatches of Colombia, the US, and Panama, respectively, and for 49%, 3%, and 33% of the remix dispatches in these countries. In relation to the divestries announced to the market on our last earning call for $400 million, we would like to mention that after careful analysis, the transaction has been postponed based on the uncertainties surrounding the short-term impact of COVID-19 on the worldwide economy, but maintaining our commitment to carry them out as soon as the market returns to better conditions. We are aware of the impact that this decision has on leverage ratios of the company, and in that sense, we have been in constant discussions with both our rating agencies, our lenders, to make sure that they fully understand and support our decisions. Given the strong cash position of the company, the savings initiatives within Reset, the support from our stakeholders, and the passionate commitment of our more than 10,000 employees, we firmly believe that Argos is fully prepared to face the current market conditions to continue building dreams that promote development and transform lives. Now, moving to our consolidated results, I would like to start by mentioning that all comparisons on this call will be made on the results including IFRS 16, as we now have comparable figures for the present year. Percentage changes in rail mix dispatches and EBITDA are calculated based on the pro forma numbers of 2019, which exclude the operations from the rail mix divestures carried out in the U.S. region during 2019, as well as the land appraisals registered in Colombia last year. Cement dispatches reached 3.6 million tons during the first quarter of 2020, decreasing 6.1% when compared to the same quarter of 2019. And rail mix dispatches reached 2.1 million cubic meters, posting a 10.7% decrease on a like-for-like basis. These results were affected mainly by the lockdown measures in Colombia and some countries of the Caribbean and Central America, and to a lesser extent to the adverse weather conditions experienced in some regions of the U.S. Revenues closed in 2.2 trillion pesos with an increase of 0.2% on a year-to-year basis, driven mainly by the devaluation of the Colombian pesos. The EBITDA, on the other hand, decreased 1% on a like-for-like basis, in line with the declining volumes experienced in both segments during the quarter as a result of the shutdown operation in Colombia and most of our markets in Central America and the Caribbean. Now, to start with our results in each region, I would like to invite Bill to explain the performance of the business in the U.S. and our view for the market. Thank you, Juan, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by providing some color on our volume performance. Cement dispatches posted a slight decrease of 1.2% for the quarter, with low single-digit growth in our Deep South and Florida cement districts of around 3% and 1% respectively. The Northeast reflected positive dynamics, too, but started to face some deterioration in volumes during March due to the health crisis situation, mainly in our Mideast markets. For the ReadyMix business, we experienced a 5.5% decrease on a like-for-like basis when excluding the volume from the plants divested in December 2019. This decrease is mainly due to adverse weather conditions in major markets during the quarter, where when compared to the first quarter of 2019, Georgia, Dallas, and Houston experienced 13, 10, and 7 less operational days, respectively. On prices, based on healthy market dynamics during the first few months of the year, we achieved an improvement in our ReadyMix segment of 1.8% when compared to the same quarter of 2019. Cement prices, on the other hand, stayed on similar levels to the ones observed in the same quarter of last year. These results are aligned with our strategy to continue improving in terms of profitability, always monitoring market conditions, which is going to be key during the rest of the year due to the current challenging circumstances for the construction industry and the economy as a whole. EBITDA on a like-for-like basis decreased by 6.1%, affected in part by lower ReadyMix volumes, but mostly by higher maintenance expenses of $8.1 million for our Martinsburg and Newberry plants. In terms of the market, I'd like to highlight the resilience of the U.S. demand during the first quarter of the year, despite the COVID-19 outbreaks presented throughout the country. Even though construction has remained an essential activity, in the near future we envision a slowdown of the residential and commercial segments based on weak readings of some indicators such as unemployment, housing starts, housing permits, and the architectural buildings index, among others. On the civil and infrastructure front, we foresee a short-term impact due to financial constraints at a state and local government's level, which based on construction spending readings since mid-2018, we're supporting the positive dynamics seen for this segment until February 2020. On the midterm, though, we expect a rebound based on potential stimulus measures from the government related to infrastructure, which would positively impact the construction sector due to its influence on employment and the multiplier effect on the economy as a whole. Thank you, Bill. To conclude on the U.S. region, I would like to emphasize on the fact that we are confident about the role that infrastructure will play on the recovery of the American economy, and in that sense, we expect government initiatives to be developed around that sector. Moving on to Colombia, I want to highlight the price improvement achieved during the first quarter of the year, together with the efficiencies in energetic captures in the second half of last year, which led to an increasing EBITDA margin even in a scenario of lower volumes as a result of the quarantine. Tom will now provide additional color on this region. Thank you, Juan, and good morning. During the quarter, we continued implementing our strategy to recover value, which led to an increasing crisis of nearly 13.5% versus the same quarter of last year, with a temporary loss of volume. Volumes were also affected by the quarantine decree in Colombia from March 25th on, which caused a reduction equivalent to 8% of the business working days in the first quarter. Through the quarantine, we were able to continue these patches to some essential infrastructure projects, such as Tunnel de la Linea, Irrituango, and a few mining projects, as well as some exports from our Cartagena plant. The demand from getting these patches decreased 13.9% and 19.5% respectively on a yearly basis. In line with the price improvement, our EBITDA posted a 15% growth during the quarter, resulting also from lower maintenance expenses, as well as from our continuous efforts to renegotiate supply contracts from key materials such as coal, which led to a decrease in the cost of energetics of 8.8% versus the same period of 2019. I would also like to emphasize on the EBITDA margin improvement of 4.2%, which is an important achievement in a scenario of lower volumes. In relation to the restarting of our operation, to the date of this call, we have restarted our meals of Cartagena, Rio Claro, Tolu, and Yumbo, as well as 17 of our ready-mix plants across the country. We will adjust our operations network as required by the growth of demand, always focused on implementing all the safety protocols to ensure the health of our employees, contractors, clients, and suppliers. On the demand side, we expect further improvements on the industrial segment during the month of May, as construction projects will be able to fully restart their operations and hardware stores will become available in line with demand for construction materials. Our clients from the industrial segment have been able to endure the quarantine measures by implementing strict controls on their costs and therefore are ready to restart their projects. To the date of this report, important projects such as Tunnel del Tollo, Pacifico 1, 2, and 3, and Bruta del Sol 1 and 2 have already successfully restarted their cement and ready-mix consumption. In terms of competition, even in the first quarter, the market experienced a decrease in clinker and cement imports of 35% and 56% respectively when compared to the first quarter of last year. Additionally, between March and April, the import parting price has increased 17% due to the devaluation of the Colombian Peso, which adds more space for continuing our value recovery strategy once the market goes back to more normal standards. Thank you, Tom. I would also like to highlight the early actions taken by the Colombian government in preventing increasing the contagion curve within the country, which reaffirms our belief of a prompt recovery on the local economy. Moving on to the Caribbean and Central America, I would like to highlight the improvements that we saw on EBITDA margin when compared to the last quarter of last year, despite the fact that our two biggest operations, Panama and Honduras, were closed during the last week of the quarter due to the coronavirus crisis. Camilo will provide more information on the performance of the region. Thank you, Juan, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter of 2020 was positive in terms of market dynamics for the countries like Honduras and Dominican Republic during January, February, and mid-March. From the second week of March on, we had several affectations in demand in both countries due to the lockdowns declared by local governments. These lockdowns have been partially lifted through the date of this call. On April, we saw volumes in Honduras and Dominican Republic of around 40% of a regular month. Panama continued to have challenging market dynamics during the first two months of the year that worsened on March with COVID impact on the demand and the later quarantine measures implemented by the government. We expect the lockdown measures for the construction sector to be lifted before mid-May in accordance with public statements made by the government and, in that sense, a reopening from our facility around that date. Haiti, on the other side, continued its positive trend, improving prices in 7.1% and volumes in 11.1% versus the first quarter of 2019. Overall, we experienced increases in both the EBITDA and the EBITDA margin when compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 of 5.9% and 1.2% respectively. Unfortunately, these results were still lower than the first quarter of 2019, in part due to the quarantine measures, but mostly due to the overall market conditions. In Panama, and the fact that prices in Honduras continued to be lower than the average price of 2019. As a result, cement volumes decreased 4.1% and ready-mix volumes decreased 34.1% when compared to the first quarter of 2019. These lower volumes led to a decrease of 16.9% in the revenues and 33.5% on EBITDA. During this quarter, we continued to work on obtaining further efficiencies on energetics on our local operations. In Honduras, for instance, we inaugurated a solid fuel storage in the north of the country that will allow us to receive bigger amounts of fuel and, therefore, improve the purchase price. We also supplied, during the first quarter of the year, 11.6% of the energy from our Piedras Azules plant with the solar farm operated by Celsia, with lower costs together with environmental benefits. This initiative lowered the CO2 emissions from our energy supply in around 1,500 tons during the first quarter of 2020, reinforcing our commitment towards sustainability. We believe that the second trimester of this year will continue to be challenging for the regional, but maintain our cautious optimism on the second half of the year due to the fact that economies such as Panama, Honduras, and Puerto Rico took early actions on lockdowns and quarantine measures, and in that sense, we expect an early recovery in those economies. Thank you, Camilo. Thank you, Camilo. I would also like to highlight the effort of the Panamanian government to protect the local economy by imposing a 30% tariff to the imports of cement to the country, which will have a positive impact on the competitive scenario of the country. We expect similar strategies to be implemented from other governments in the Caribbean and Central American regions. I would like to refer now to our balance statement. We closed the first quarter with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of four times, which is lower to the ratio of the last quarter of 2019. This result was driven by the fact that our dollar-denominated EBITDA was proportionally higher than our dollar-denominated debt, improving our leverage ratio in a scenario of similar indebtedness and EBITDA. Regarding the commitment that we had previously made on the leverage in the company and reducing our net debt to EBITDA ratio, I want to reassure you that even though the current market conditions won't allow us to do that as soon as we were expecting, we continue to focus on obtaining that result in the mid-term. This temporary crisis has boosted our creativity, our innovation, and our savings initiatives, and has reinforced the commitment of our people to adapt Argos to the new market conditions. We are currently reviewing the guidance provided on our last earnings call, taking into account the unprecedented market conditions that we are currently going through. We expect to have a better view on our next earnings call. Finally, I would like to close the call by asking you all to stay safe, to take care of yourself and your loved ones, and to comply with all the recommendations from your local authorities on matters of social distancing. Thank you all for your attention. Operator, we can proceed now with the Q&A section. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, to ask a question over the telephone, just press star, then once. Again, if you have a question, just press star, then once. To remove yourself from the queue, just press the pound or hash key. Our first question comes from Juliana Aguilar with Bank Colombia. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for the call. I have two questions. My first one is regarding the resumption of activities in Colombia. How are you seeing this resumption in scenario of lower demand? Are you going to concentrate operations in just a few plans, maybe planning on building inventories and then shutting down the kilns? Any additional call you could give us will be very helpful. And my second question is regarding your divestment plan that you have decided to postpone given market conditions. Are you still seeing this, are you still expecting this to be carried out this year or you see them, you see it being executed more 2021? Thank you very much. Hello. Good morning, Juliana. Thank you for your questions. In Colombia, we are gradually destructing our operations. I mean, the reality is that not only in Colombia, but in other markets that are destructing, we have seen a better demand scenario than we were expecting. We have inventories of cement in most of our plants. So, we are starting just by using our inventories. We were going to proceed with starting our grinding mills. Initially, in all of our plants, what we have, we have two green inventories. And going forward, we have foreseen that for the first two or three months, what might be, we will only use the quimons in Rio Claro and Cartagena. But the reality is that the quimons are estimating way better than we expected in these beautiful operations. So, we are ready to move on and start the other plants at the next minute. The second question about the divestment plant. I mean, the reality is that we have a lot of interest for the divestment of our assets in Texas. We have more than 12 parties interested in the process. But we decided to still wait until we have more visibility on the impact of COVID-19 on the US economy. So, most likely we will revisit the process in the third quarter of the year. But we remain fully committed to executing our divestment plan to bring the respective companies to the levels that we want. Okay. Thank you very much. Our next question is from Paul Chapran with Onfield Investment. Yes. Hello. Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for taking my question. I hope that you are all safe. First of all, I would like to clarify a couple of points. I think you mentioned a target of reduction of capex of 40 million this year. I just would like to understand is it 40 million less than last year or 40 million less than the guidance that you had given in February? And the second point I would like to clarify is on pricing in Colombia. I think you mentioned an increase of FOB prices. Paul, hi. 13 points. Yes? Paul, could you please speak? We are not listening very well around here. Thank you. Okay. So, first of all, I would like to clarify a couple of points. The first point I would like to clarify is on the capex. You mentioned a reduction of 40 million of capex in 2020. Is it 40 million less than last year or is it 40 million less than the guidance that you gave in February? And the second point is on the pricing. In Colombia, I think you mentioned an increase of 13.5% of prices in Q1. But you're mentioning FOB prices. I would just like to understand is it your own selling prices or are we talking about import prices? Thank you for the question. I mean, the capex, the notion of 40 million dollars is, you know, with respect to our guidance, not to last year. It's 40 million dollars less than our guidance at the beginning of the year. And I'm sorry, but I didn't hear the second part of the question. The second part of the question was about the pricing in Colombia. You mentioned an increase of 13% of FOB prices in Colombia. But I just would like to understand whether we are talking about import prices or your own selling prices. If I understand you well, there was a question about pricing increases in Colombia. The price dynamic in Colombia was doing extremely well. We were able to describe this 14% through the end of March. And the reality is that we are seeing the possibility to continue with that pricing code strategy going forward starting in the third quarter of the year. And the last month start to record a little bit with the evaluation of the Colombian person. The gap of the internal crisis is a risk of quality prices has widened. So the reality is that we continue seeing all the opportunities to forward the strategy of price recording in Colombia. Nowadays, in terms of U.S. dollars, the prices in Colombia and the reality is that, on average, import quality prices in Colombia are closer to 110. And we take into account over the market. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Our next question is from Gordon Lee with BTG. Yes. Hi. Good morning. Thank you very much for the call. I hope everybody on the call is doing well and your families as well. Just very quickly, two questions. First, on the balance sheet, I was wondering what the plans are for the refinancing or the kicking back of maturities that are on the balance sheet for 2020. And I guess, similarly, how conversations with creditors are going on waiving covenants. And then just on the operating side, you mentioned in the release and in your remarks on the call that you were expecting other countries in the Caribbean and Central American region to follow Panama's lead on imposing import tariffs for cements. I was wondering whether that's sort of an expectation based on your reading of the markets or whether there's actual tangible comments or progress made by some of these markets already on this front. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Gordon. I will start by answering just a quick question tonight and then I will ask Carlos to do comments on our degree to start again our conversation with the traded agencies and the banks. And the reality is that with this pandemic, we are seeing the increased awareness of the local governments to incentivize the protection of medical and the protection of employment in the local markets. And that means that the local producers are really importers. We have seen that already in Panama with the 30% in the land and we have seen a similar trend in Honduras, just to give you another example. So we have high expectations based on the trends that we have seen in the region. And for the second question, I would like Carlos to give you more cover. Thanks, Juan. Hi, Gordon. I think that it is important to point or to start saying that when this crisis started for us in March 20th, we had about $330 million of maturities for the rest of 2020. So far, so far, we have rolled over about $115 million with different tenors up to three years, and in other cases, two or three months of maturity. But we have rolled over 100% of the loss of the facilities that we had to roll over. And really, like 27 nations in the conference, really, we are in permanent contact with the different banks. Really, the support has been great of all of them. In the second part of the question about the waiver, we are starting the conversations with the creditors, with the creditors, because we are requesting a waiver for some next quarters. And really, this is not just a situation of Cemento Zargo, this is really a very general situation in the market right now. The good thing is that we remember in the presentation that really we were in a very big trend. We ended March with very close to four times the net debt. Obviously, because of this crisis, we are expecting to increase this level of operation, of the ratio. But we are very optimistic about the negotiation with our creditors. That's very clear. Thank you both very much, and keep well. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Our next question is from Adrian Huerta with JP Morgan. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I had one question on the cost savings. You can just provide us with more comments on where are these fixed costs that you're planning to cut to come from. And then the second question that I had was if you can just tell us what happened to the price increases that you had planned in the US for April and which price increases you have executed already and which ones you're planning to do for the rest of the year. Good morning, Adrian, and thank you for the questions. The reality is that we have become really good at, you know, optimizing our operations in the last few years. And with the challenges that we are facing from COVID-19 in our operations, we see the need to continue accelerating the optimization of our operations. The savings will come from savings in maintenance and services and in SG&A totaling close to between 75 and 100 million dollars. We are fully confident that we will be able to achieve that target for the demand scenarios that we are foreseeing going forward. The savings will come from the US and from Central America to Caribbean and Colombia. In terms of the price scenario in the US, I would like Bill Wagner to be more clear about what we are seeing in the market. Yeah, Adrian. Hey, good morning. As far as price, as you suggested, we were looking for a price increase April. The reality is that we had some good success early in a couple markets, mainly Florida and Dallas. You know, unfortunately, given the situation rolling into the spring, we pushed out the increase that was going to be a strong move in April. And we're monitoring the situation the best we can to kind of see, you know, what avenue we're going down with what's happening with the virus and the impact. But right now, we're looking at something in the late second quarter, maybe, to push another price increase. Perfect. Thank you. And, I mean, if I can just on the cost savings, the lower cost for maintenance, are those just for this year or will those ones that we see great volumes will have to be expensed? You know, Adrian, it will depend on the demand scenario that in that plane. But we are certainly confident that we will be able to achieve these savings for this year. For the following year, it will depend on the number of plans that we will have in operations according to the report of the month. Understood. Thank you so much. Thank you. And our next question is from Alexandra Obregon with Morgan Stanley. Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the call and for taking my question. It's really related to what you're seeing on the ground. So, you did mention that volumes in Central America and the Caribbean are about 40% of volumes of a regular month. So, just wondering if you could add some commentary there for Colombia and the U.S. of what you're seeing for April and May. So, Alexandra, thank you for your question. I would like Tomás Resleto to give you an idea of how are we seeing things about being in Colombia first. Hello, Alexandra. This is Tomás Resleto. So, in April, we had the first half of the month was, you know, pretty much at full stop. Only, you know, a few dispatches for infrastructure projects that were, you know, able to continue operating. But by the end of the month, we were already reaching the 40% of our daily dispatches. So, April turns out better than we thought. Basically, you know, we have quite as much volume as we expected during the quarantine. In the month of May, we are seeing our volumes around 50% of what they used to be. It could be a little more. And, you know, to give you some more color about it, we are seeing, you know, surprisingly a great deal of activity, you know, compared to what we were expecting in the retail business, which has, you know, become so far the majority, you know, larger than even the industrial dispatches we are doing right now. So, as of May the 11th, when, you know, dispatches in Bogota and many other cities and all retail stores around the country should become available and online, we are seeing, you know, volumes growing, as I said, to a little bit more than half of what we were dispatching in the previous months. And now, Bill, could you provide us some color about the volumes in the US in April, which we are very pleased. Sure. Thanks, Ron. And, Alexander, thank you for the question. Actually, April was much stronger than we anticipated. I think initially there were some forecasts where we may have weakening demand towards the latter half, but we were pleasantly pleased that our volumes ended very strong. As for May, so far this month, we're seeing another sign of optimism, at least for the first week. Our volumes are tracking pretty close to planned. And, you know, we do see in the future that there's going to be some level of slowdown in the residential segment, I think probably to begin with, and then maybe the commercial backlog as it works off, it could slow. But at this point, it's kind of hard to predict when that might occur because, you know, at this point we thought we may see some slowdown already, but we have not. The impact that we've had so far has been more weather-related. So, again, we're encouraged at this point and looking forward to see what's going to happen the rest of this month. Thank you, Bill, and just to complement the answer, I mean, Camilo, can you provide us with some color about what's going on in our markets in Central America and the Caribbean in April? Sure, Juan. Alessandra, so before I presented a broad estimate, but in more detail, Honduras, in 15 days of opening during April, we were able to dispatch around 50% of our budget. Panama, as we said, is still closed and we have zero dispatches, but we have news that the economy will reopen next week, starting with construction as one of the sectors that reopens. So that's a positive positive news. Haiti is at 100% of budget and has been for the first four months of the year, and demand is still strong. For the Dominican Republic, we did about 40% of our normal dispatches, and this with the construction at a halt, and this was mainly due to dispatches to people that were doing inventory for bricks and other small construction. So that's positive also for the country. Puerto Rico has, well, has had a very long closure, but the government has, at different points in time, reopened some areas, for example, small hardware stores with initial dispatches two days a week, and that, along with exports, represented about 25% of the budget. So it is also positive that Puerto Rico will reopen the construction sector also starting next week. The EMTs, which had also closure in most of the islands, the budget was around 40% as well. And then we have Suriname with 85% of budget, so just a 15% decline. French Guyan was at 105% of the budget. So even though that there were measures taken by the government, we did not see a decrease in demand. And the rest of the export markets were about 70%. So we are seeing a mainly better demand than we had before April. So that's encouraging news. Thanks, Juan. Thank you very much. This was very clear. And just a quick follow-up on your savings. Is it fair to assume that it will be proportionally split in all the countries? I mean, the 75 to 90 million dollars, would it be proportional all across the US, Colombia and the Caribbean? Yes. We are expecting the highest savings in Colombia, followed by the US and then by the CCA, Alexandra. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from Roberto Paniagua with Corsi-Colombiana. Hi. Good evening. How are you? I have two questions. Maybe three. The first one is related to the summit prize in Colombia. Yeah. I want to know the question. Hi, Roberto. I'm sorry, but we can't listen to you. Can you speak louder, please? Do you listen now? Do you listen? Do you listen now? Can you speak louder? Can you listen me now? Yeah, it's better. Okay. Okay. Okay. OK. Thank you. I'm sorry for that. Yes. I have just a few questions. The first one, can you tell me the quarterly semifly variations in Colombia? The second is a bit of two. Yeah. Can you speak louder, please? Can you speak louder? Can you speak louder? Can you speak louder? Can you listen me now? Can you listen now? Can you hear me now? Can you hear me now? Can you hear me now? Okay. Yeah. It's better. Okay. Thank you. I'm sorry for that. The second is about any market share loss that you could have in Colombia in the quadrant due to the entrance of a new competitor. And last one, the 4G project estimation in Colombia. Thank you. Thank you, Robert. What we call the easy-man price horizon in Colombia was 5%. We continue deploying with a lot of success in our strategy of leading the price recovery in the market. We may have lost, you know, very slightly market share in the business in Colombia. It was growing in excess of 7% a year a month through the end of February. And we were basically flat. But we were very pleased with the success of our strategy of price recovery. We will have to wait until we have more visibility in the second quarter. But we are very pleased with our market position in Colombia. I don't know, Tom, if you would like to add a little bit more color to the answer. Well, about the 4G project estimation, we are seeing, you know, all of the projects going strong, financially solid still. And we see our, you know, all of our customers very busy taking care of their employees with all these, you know, very demanding protocols of health and safety. And, you know, we are still seeing 4G as a main driver of demand. That's pretty much what I wanted to add. Perfect. Roberto, does that answer your question? Yes, yes. Thank you very much. Thank you. And our next question is from Juan Diaz with Porvenir. Hi. Good morning. And thank you for the presentation. I have two questions. My first question is, could you expand more on the construction of the net debt EBIT plus dividends ratio in dollars? And what would this indicator be, including IFRS 16 and using adjusted EBIT and what are the strategies to lower this indicator throughout the year with regard to rating agencies? And my second question is, what is the medium-term liquidity strategy and outlook, considering that the dividend payments that should happen in the second half of the year were to be supported by the postponed divestitures? Thank you. And thank you, Juan Pablo, for the question. Carlos, would you like to answer the first one about the debt debt EBIT ratio? What exactly is the question? What I would like to know is, for example, what I understood in the last report from rating agencies, they don't make a division on IFRS 16 or one for that side and the other thing was on... Oh, okay, no, I got it, I got it. Okay, okay. The, the, the, the, the, the rating agency didn't exclude the IFRS 16 assets or debt. Yep, you see me? No, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the fully IFRS 16 is pretty similar. It's pretty, pretty, pretty similar because our ratio, just taking into account the, the debt related to assets per use between us divided by the, the depreciation plus amortization plus the interest. And interest because of these, these leases is, right now, four times. For that reason, including the ARX 16, the, the ratio is pretty close to four times. That's the question, you see me? Yes, and, and, and, and what were the strategies to lower this indicator throughout the year? No, no, no, through the year, this indicator, the, the, the idea, like, we are mentioning the, obviously, the predictability of the data of the second quarter and the third quarter, obviously, right now, is very complex. For that reason, we are taking all these measures, like, the, the, the, the, the, the, the cut and the cost savings and a lot of other measures in terms of the liquidity. In terms of the liquidity, you ask, as well, what are the, what, our current position in liquidity is about 500, 515, a trillion, you know, trillion pesos, no, no, no, billion pesos. And, and really, the idea, the idea is to end the second quarter with about, in a, in a very expensive scenario, with about 300 billion pesos, really, in a very expensive scenario. But it's very important to highlight what Juan Esteban, Tomás, Bill, and Camilo have mentioned that, comparing with that schedule scenario, in the reality, April was by far better than our initial scenario. And May is going better by far as well. For that reason, we're expecting that we are ending in a better position in terms of liquidity. And we wanted to get the cash position of the company week by week going forward, depending on how things will play out. But we are confident, as Carlos is saying, that we will be able to end the quarter with a very good cash position. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Our next question is from Rodrigo Sanchez with Da Vivienda Corredores. Yeah, good morning, guys. Thank you for the presentation. You also have two questions. In addition to the funds array secured as of April, Carlos comments on expected liquidity levels. Are you expecting to require further debt increases throughout the rest of the year? And also, could you please mention the amount you still have available through secure credit lines? My second question is, I understand that the shares you own in Groupesura are used as collateral for the credit lines you have in place. Will you be restrained to sell them, or at least part of it, if you needed to do so? Thank you. For the first part of the question, Rodrigo, we are, we are, we are, we are high level of liquidity. We are divorcing tomorrow another extra $15 million that will operate as an insurance of liquidity. Really because really now we don't need this extra liquidity, but really we prefer to have this extra liquidity in our hands. And we are divorcing this extra amount, this is not contemplated in the that we were mentioning. And with this new credit line, we really, we will be in a very good position of liquidity for, for very, for, for many, for many months. And Groupesura is a collateral on trade line? No. No, no. We, we, we, we don't have a, any collateralized credit. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Our next question is from Alejandro Chavelas with Credit Suisse. Okay. Our next question is from Alejandro Chavelas with Credit Suisse. Hello guys. Thanks for taking my question. Stay safe. Just on competitive dynamics in Colombia, I know you already mentioned a little bit, but if you could comment a little bit with regards to the, to the improvement that you are seeing in import pricing and the slight market share loss that you had in the quarter, could you comment a little bit more on what you expect coming forward in terms of market share or what are you seeing from, from the market as a whole with, with the pricing increase that you made in the first quarter? Thank you very much. Thank you, Alejandro. Thank you, Alejandro. The market in Colombia was behaving in a very good way until the first half of March. We have been increasing demand of last year, close to 500,000 tons, plus the 7% increase in demand through February. The reality is that the competitive landscape was, in my opinion, a positive. Nobody was really competing on prices. There was a huge gap in prices that we have, import parity prices and the intention of, you know, for everybody to reward the cost of capital of the assets that we have in Colombia. I would expect that scenario to continue in the same way going forward once demand starts to recover. So far, we are extremely pleased with the reaction of the market in April and in May. And in our opinion, our competitive position has strength in this real start of the economy. We are, you know, the close relationship that we have with our clients and the technical assistance that we provide to them. In our opinion, we have a superior value proposition for the industrial segment of the market. And we are, in my opinion, the only segment player in Colombia who access directly a wider range of hardware disposing in the country. We are, you know, going to more than 5,000 hardware disposing. So, in our opinion, our value proposition will be an important asset for us going forward. We don't foresee any value continuing prices, no matter what scenario of demand plays out going forward. There's also a significant gap in prices. And what I wanted to add that during this quarter, we gained market share in the industrial business where we suffered the most by the end of last year, particularly in the Relinix business. So, we are as strong as we've always been in the industrial part of the market. The loss of market share has been mostly focused on the retail business. That is where we have been, you know, recovering prices faster. We have gone, as usual, faster than our competitors in that market. And I think it's, you know, it's pretty much a very good move to have done it before this crisis. Because otherwise, you know, our competitors will be, as one was saying, forced or incentivized, you know, to recover value as well for their companies in a, you know, more stressful market. So, we are, you know, to recover the market share with healthier prices, you know, as we know, as we can see in the future today. And, you know, impoverty prices have been, you know, a very good indicator of, you know, that direction where national prices should go. And in this case, this is pointing in the, you know, in the right direction. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Our next question is from Stefania Mosquera with Credit Corp Capital. Good morning. Thank you very much for the presentation. I have two questions. My first question is regarding the distribution of your cash costs. What proportion would you say is fixed and what proportion would you say is variable? And then my second question is regarding the competitive dynamics in Honduras. You mentioned in the presentation that you had price decreases. So, I would like to have a little bit more detail in that front. Thank you, Stefania, for your question. The split of our variable and fixed cost is more or less 50-50. And regarding Honduras, the reality is that we started to see better dynamics in the market in 2020, January and February were very good months in terms of demand. So, things were going way better in Honduras. And with the recovery of the market that Camilo mentioned in April, we still don't have enough visibility. And we need more weeks to really know what is going to be like the normal demand in Honduras again. But up to now, we are pleased with the dynamics. If the market continues recording, we foresee a scenario in which we can start price recording strategy in Honduras similar to the one that we are executing in Colombia. I don't know, Carmen, if you would like to add some color to my answer. I think just to mention that this was previously addressed as well, but the tariff is something that is being discussed. So, that could potentially benefit as well in the direction of the prices in the market. And again, starting on December, following through to the middle of March, we had a very strong demand in the country, which I think is very positive. We will see how the recovery goes and what programs does the government implement to sort of recover the economy. But definitely construction sector for a country like Honduras is a critical sector to restart and to secure as part of the jobs for the country. Great. Thank you very much. Thank you. Our next question is from Andres Soto with Santander. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for the presentation. I found very interesting your comments about a significant decline of cement and clean care imports in Colombia this year, and also the tariffs that were implemented in Panama and potentially implemented in Honduras as well. So, I would like to understand how much imports represent from each of those markets. I mean, how much importers, either cement or clean care, represent of the Colombia cement market as of 2019. And if you can share the same number for Panama and Honduras, it will be very helpful. Thank you. Thank you, Andres. Imports into Colombia, mainly clean care last year close to 600,000 tons. Imports into Honduras and Panama close to 8% of the market in each of those markets. In our opinion, there is a trend in our countries towards, you know, supporting local industries just to protect employment. And especially in places such as Colombia where the prices are way below . It doesn't make any sense for the country to use, you know, foreign reserves to import clean care when we have enough local capacity to supply the industry, local integrated producers. So, in our opinion, that is a trend that will prevail going forward, Andres. So, that's very helpful. Thank you. I want to start. Thank you. Our next question is from Francisco Suarez with Scotiabank. Hi. Thank you for the call. Good morning. I hope you are doing well and healthy, as well as your loved ones. Congrats on the nice performance on margin in Colombia, despite the huge drop in volumes. That tells you a little bit about what you're doing. Congrats on that. That's the question that I have on the United States. First, what will it take commercially to be ready to be better positioned to sell more cement to ready-meased infrastructure projects? And secondly, do you think that the overall performance in densely populated regions in the United States might be affected more compared to other regions within the United States? Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you, Paco. Thank you for your questions. I mean, we are as well very pleased with the performance of our business in Colombia. Just to give you an idea where there is a margin per ton in January, and it probably was in excess of $30 per ton of Eryta. And the reality is that once the amounts start picking up, we are very confident that the profitability of our business in Colombia will continue improving in a significant way. To answer your question about the US market, I would like to take the question. Yeah, Francisco, thank you. Good morning. With your question regarding the infrastructure, we feel like we are very well positioned to take on more of that opportunity as it presents itself. We think it's going to be much bigger going forward. But the reality is as of now in Q1 19, we had about 5% that represented about 5% of our volume. And in Q1 2020, it's representing about 8% of our volume. So, you know, we have been focusing on that. So, we feel like we're in a pretty good situation when we do see some increased demand there to be able to take advantage of it. Thank you. Thank you. So, in other words, you don't see any differences in demand from COVID-19 from densely populated regions compared to others that are not as densely populated regions? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I want to tell you, I don't think that we are seeing any difference in demand from large metropolitan in semi-populated regions because there are these modular areas in the US, right? Yes, that's great. I think there will be a difference. One, I think, you know, we're monitoring that as we go because the local and state governments, you know, kind of make some of their own decisions and where we have, you know, revenues and tolls and we have, you know, things that help fund the highway, the gas tax and things like that. Wherever there's differences there, there could be differences in demand as well. But we keep an eye on that by state. Perfect. Got you. Thank you so much. Take care. Thank you. You're welcome. And our next question is from my vet with database analysis. Thank you very much. My question is on energy costs, please. They were down, I think, in Colombia, 8.8% in Q1. What is the outlook for energy costs in Colombia, please, for the rest of the year? Secondly, in the US, were there any savings in energy or diesel costs of significance in Q1? And again, what's the outlook for the rest of the year if you could? And then finally, on your reset initiative, does it include the benefit of lower energy costs expected this year or would they be on top of the reset initiative cost savings? Thank you. Thank you, Mark. The reality is that in Colombia, energy prices have decreased in a significant way from last year. For the remaining of the year, we are seeing them on the same level as we had the first quarter of the year. In the US, we have seen significant savings in diesel for our ready mix fleet. Significant damage, very good, very good performance because of the lower prices of oil. So, in general, we are seeing a much better scenario in terms of energy prices in all of our regions. Similarly, in Central America and the Caribbean, all of the countries are oil importers and pet coat importers. So, in reality, in terms of energy costs, I mean, there will be some very favorable going forward in all of the three regions. If Tomás, Camilo, would like to comment a little bit more on the specifics of each region and more than welcome. One, for my part – this is Tomás Restrepo – I would just like to add that the impact of this energy cost reduction on our variable costs in Colombia are very significant. As of today, our variable costs per tonne, including plants as efficient at Cartagena and others still in wet process at Jumbo. So, our average variable cost in Colombia is $20 and it goes very, very much lower in plants like Cartagena, for example. So, that is a great effect of these prices. In Colombia, we are using mostly coal today as gas is nominated in dollars, but there is a very good availability of coal at this moment. And our strategy to diversify our fuel materials with alternative fuels is also paying back as we are using cheap tires, biomass and other different types of fuels. And we are seeing good opportunities to start using urban residues converting into fuels for the future. So, we are seeing a good outlook in terms of fuels for this year in Colombia. Thank you, Tom. Thank you, Tom. I can compliment on Honduras and Puerto Rico. We have, of course, implemented the solar generation field in Honduras, which has a significant, lower cost or lower price of iron to the local entity that's available. So, there we are seeing significant savings. We are also installed or putting in operation a solid fuel storage in the northern part of the country. We were, before we were buying pet coats from a local supplier, and now we are able to bring in ships of 30,000 to 40,000 tons, which gives us a very good hedge on negotiating prices. So, we are seeing prices reduced by $10 to $15 per ton. So, that's going to have also a positive impact in the cost of the operation. And in Puerto Rico, we had negotiated a call last year, which was much better to the prices that we had before. But we expect to have, of course, better pricing due to the fuels or the commodity prices decline in the future for the operation. And we're also looking at implementing or are looking at different solutions for energy in countries which we still have high costs, such as Honduras and Puerto Rico. Because other countries such as Panama and the Dominican Republic, we have very competitive contracts negotiated with local energy suppliers. Thank you, Juan. Thank you, Mike. Thank you. Thank you, Kamil. Well, just to compliment what you said from the U.S. standpoint with respect to diesel. I mean, we have seen some movement at the pump, especially in our rating of business. But, again, I think you're correct. I feel like we're going to see more of that as the year goes on just because of what's happening with the oil situation in general. Thank you, Liam. Thank you for that. Can I just then follow up? Are those savings from all those fuel savings you've been talked about, are they in the reset numbers or are they on top of the reset numbers? They will be on top of the reset numbers. So, as I said, in variable costs and reset, we are basically addressing the fixed cost and tactics. Excellent. Thank you very much and stay safe. Thank you. And our last question is from Juan Mejia with Ashmore. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Could you provide us with an overview for the working capital requirements of the business? We saw an increase in inventories and receivables. So, can you tell us how these accounts are behaving? Thank you. Thank you, Juan. Thank you for your question. Carlos, can you give us some part of the working capital management? Okay. Hi, Juan. Oh, the working capital, the behavior of the working capital so far from the beginning of this crisis has been very good. We are controlling almost at this level of the organization. We are controlling almost every one of the approvals of the purchase orders. I think that's necessary in a situation like this one. And that, just to give you a little more color. In the case of the Colombians, like Tomás said very well, we stopped the operations in the last 10 days of March. But we have collected about 90 billion pesos, more than 90 billion pesos during April. Not selling, but we are collecting the receivables. And we, as well, put in place a plan in order to reduce the level of the inventory risk in all of the three regions. And that is going well, as well. For that reason, the idea is to have an extreme control in all of the three lines of the working capital. And we consider that we have the, we are, we are structured ability plans in all of the three regions. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions in the queue, sir. So once again, thanks a lot for connecting to our conference call today. Please stay safe. I'm looking forward to seeing you all in our next conference call. Have a great day. And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we conclude our program for today. Thank you for your participation. Have a great day.