 Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Cementos Argos First Quarter 2020 Earnings
 Conference Call with your host, Indira Diaz.
 Good morning. My name is Indira Diaz, the Mentor Service IRO, and I welcome you to our first quarter research release.
 On the call today of Juan Esteban Calle,
 it up to you.
 Carlos Juicy and CFO
 Maria Isabel Echeverry, the VP of Legal Affairs
 Bill Wagner, the VP of the U.S. Division.
 Tomás Restrepo, the VP of the Columbia Division
 and Camilo Restrepo, the VP of the Caribbean
 and Central America Division.
 Please note that certain forward looking statements and information
 during the call or in the reports
 and presentation uploaded at www.argos.co.ir.
 are related to Cemento Sargos, I say, and its subsidiaries,
 which are based on the knowledge of current facts, expectations,
 circumstances, and assumptions of future events.
 I respect those makers.
 Thank you.
 for accomplishments to differ from those express hearings.
 The forward-looking statements are made today.
 and Argos does not assume any obligations to update said statements in the future
 as a result of new information.
 future events
 or any other factors.
 Today, after the initial remarks, there will be a Q&A session.
 If you have a question, please press the start key on your telephone keypad, followed by
 the number one key at any time during the conference.
 We will record these questions and upload them in our web page.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Kelly.
 Thank you, Indy, and good morning, everyone.
 Given the current market situation, I would like to start by giving you an update of the
 the status of our operations today.
 the U.S. region that represented last year 39% of our segment volumes and close to 55%
 for Consolidated Evita
 Continues to operate under regular standards.
 market demand behaved normally until recently.
 when we started to experience a slowdown in the revigential segment, mainly related to
 to estimate dispatches from our Martinsburg plant.
 On the Caribbean and Central America,
 We are dispatching cement from all of our facilities,
 except on Panama, that is still closed
 by governmental instructions.
 In most of these countries, the demand continues to be affected by the COVID-19 crisis, with
 the exception of Haiti, which exhibits a satisfactory market performance.
 The Colombian quarantine was lifted on April 13th for infrastructure and April 27th for the residential and commercial formal sector, allowing us to gradually restart our operations ever since.
 At the end of April, the retail segment had experienced
 at recovery of 50% on its daily volumes.
 The industrial segment, on the other hand, started much slower.
 given the higher complexity of restarting its operations.
 In light of this challenge in market conditions, we have structured and launched RESET, a comprehensive action plan to operate the company during the next month.
 RECEP, which stands for Restart Safe and Healthy to Boost the Economy, Bring Hope and Transform Lives,
 It's a program that prepares the company to face the pandemic and the later gradual market
 recovery. Reset tackles three dimensions, health and safety, liquidity, and operational excellence.
 the health and safety dimension
 was built on our
 I-Promise program to design and put in place all the health and safety protocols that are
 been implemented to protect our employees, clients,
 surrounding communities and suppliers to be able to operate under the COVID-19 outbreaks.
 We are ready to safely restart operations in those facilities that are still closed
 or that are gradually going back to regular production standards
 while maintaining and improving the current safety protocols in countries such as the U.S. and Haiti,
 where we have not experienced
 any hope in production.
 The liquidity I mentioned includes cash preservation and the construction of an operational model
 build who does Europe's budget
 methodology for the rest of
 2020. To improve our
 cash position, argus disbursed
 around 160 million dollars
 in short-term credit lines
 and consolidated all payments-related decisions from its local operations to have a more efficient use of liquidity.
 As a result of these measures, the consolidated cash position of the company stood at approximately
 615 Billion Pesos
 Asso.
 April C.
 serious.
 an amount significantly higher than the amount we held at the start of the year.
 Our new zero-based budget captures efficiencies that amount between $75 to $90 million on
 2020, of which
 84% will be
 came from fixed cost and 16% from SG&A.
 On top of that, the company has decided to reduce $40 million in CAPEX from the current year on projects that are not necessary to operate under the existing market conditions.
 The initiatives related to operational excellence aimed at ensuring the optimal mix of assets,
 services, manpower
 and logistics
 to be deployed according to the evolution of demand in our different markets.
 In this context, we expect a further migration toward technological tools in the future,
 such as Argus 1
 that enables our clients
 Bull Contractors and Mental Remix Dispatches
 through a digital platform.
 During March, Argus 1 accounted for 70%, 41%, and 23% of the cement dispatches of Colombia,
 the U.S. and Panama, respectively.
 and for 49%, 3%, and 33% of the remix dispatches in these countries.
 In relation to the divestures announced to the market on our last earning call for $400 million,
 we would like to mention that
 after careful analysis
 the transaction has been postponed based on the uncertainty surrounding the short-term
 impact of COVID-19 on the worldwide economy, but maintaining our commitment to carry them out
 as soon as the market
 returns to better conditions.
 We are aware of the impact that this decision has on leverage ratios of the company.
 And in that sense, we have been in constant discussions with both our rating agency, our lenders,
 to make sure that they fully understand
 and support our decisions.
 During the strong cash position of the company,
 the savings initiatives we can reset
 the support from our stakeholders, and the passionate commitment of our more than 10,000 employees,
 We firmly believe that Argos is fully prepared
 to face the current market conditions
 to continue building dreams that promote development and transform lives.
 Now, moving to our consolidated results, I would like to start by mentioning that all comparison
 on this call will be made on the results, including IFRS 16, as we now have
 comparable figures for the present year.
 Percentage changes in ready-mix dispatches and EBITDA are calculated based on the proforma numbers of 2019,
 which exclude the operations
 from the Remix divestures
 carried out in the U.S. region
 in 2019 as well
 of the land appraisals registered in Colombia last year.
 The amend dispatches reached 3.6 million tons during the first quarter of 2020,
 decreasing 6.1% when compared to the same quarter of 2019.
 and Remix dispatches
 reach
 2.1 million cubic meters
 posting a 10.7% decrease
 on a like-for-like basis.
 These results were affected mainly by the lockdown measures in Colombia and some countries
 of the Caribbean and Central America
 and to a lesser extent to the adverse weather conditions experienced in some regions of the U.S.
 Revenues closed in 2.2 trillion pesos with an increase of 0.2% on a year-to-year basis,
 driven mainly by the devaluation of the Colombian peso.
 The airy down on the other hand
 Decrease 1% on a light-for-light basis, in line with the declining volumes experienced
 in both segments
 during the court, as it
 a result of the showdown operation
 in Colombia, and most of our markets in Central America and the Caribbean.
 Now, to start with our results in each region, I would like to invite Bill to explain the performance of the business in the U.S. and our view for the market.
 Thank you, Juan, and good morning, everyone.
 I would like to start by providing some color on our volume performance.
 Cement dispatches posted a slight decrease of 1.2% for the quarter, with low single-digit growth in our Deep South and Florida cement districts of around 3% and 1% respectively.
 The North Sea reflected positive dynamics, too, but started to face some deterioration
 in volumes during March
 due to the health crisis situation.
 mainly in our Mideast markets.
 For the ReadyMix business, we experienced a 5.5% decrease on a like-for-like basis
 when excluding the volume from the plants divested in December 2019.
 This decrease is mainly due to adverse weather conditions in major markets during the quarter,
 where when compared to the first quarter of 2019, Georgia, Dallas, and Houston experienced 13, 10, and 7 less operational days, respectively.
 On prices, based on healthy market dynamics during the first few months of the year, we
 We achieved an improvement in our ready mix segment of 1.8% when compared to the same
 quarter of 2019.
 Cement prices, on the other hand, stayed on similar levels to the ones observed in the
 same quarter of last year.
 These results are aligned with our strategy to continue improving in terms of profitability,
 always monitoring market conditions,
 which is going to be key during the rest of the year
 due to the current challenging circumstances for the construction industry and the economy
 as a whole.
 EBITDA, on a like-for-like basis, decreased by 6.1%, affected in part by lower rating
 next volume.
 but mostly by higher maintenance expenses of $8.1 million for our Martinsburg and Newberry plants.
 In terms of the market, I'd like to highlight the resilience of the U.S. demand during the
 first quarter of the year, despite the COVID-19 outbreaks presented throughout the country.
 Even though construction has remained an essential activity, in the near future we envision a
 a slowdown of the residential and commercial segments based on weak readings of some indicators
 such as unemployment, housing starts, housing permits, and the Architectural Billings Index,
 among others.
 On the civil and infrastructure front, we foresee a short-term impact due to financial
 constraints at a state and local
 government level which based
 on construction spending readings
 Since mid-2018, we're supporting the positive dynamics seen for this segment until February
 2020. On the midterm though, we expect a rebound
 based on potential stimulus measures from the government related to infrastructure,
 which would positively impact the construction sector
 due to its influence on employment and the multiplier effect on the economy as a whole.
 Thank you, Bill.
 to conclude on the US region
 Again, I would like to emphasize on the fact that we are confident about the role that
 The infrastructure will play on the record of the American economy.
 and in that sense, we expect government initiatives to be developed around that sector.
 Moving on to Colombia, I want to highlight the price improvement achieved during the
 of the year, together with
 deficiencies in energetic captures
 in the second half of last year, which led to an increasing EBITDA margin even in a scenario
 of lower volumes as a result of the quarantine.
 Tom will now provide additional color on this region.
 Thank you, Juan, and good morning.
 During the quarter, we continued implementing our strategy to recover value, which led to
 an increasing crisis of nearly 13.5% versus the same quarter of last year with a temporary
 loss of volume. Volumes were also affected by the quarantine
 in Colombia from March 25th on, which cost a reduction equivalent to 8% of the business
 working days in the first quarter through the quarantine we were able to
 continue the spaces to some essential infrastructure projects,
 face a tunnel of the line,
 Iruituango and a few mining projects, as well as some exports from our Cartagena plant.
 The demand from getting into this factor decreased 13.9% and 19.5% respectively on a real basis.
 In line with the price improvement, our EBITDA posted a 15% growth during the quarter resulting
 also from lower maintenance expenses as well as from our continuous efforts to renegotiate supply
 contracts from key materials such as coal, which led to a decrease in the cost of energetics of
 of 8.8% versus the same period of 2019.
 I would also like to emphasize on the EBITDA margin improvement of 4.2%, which is an important
 important achievement in a scenario of lower volumes.
 In addition to the restarting of our operation, to the date of this call, we have restarted
 our meals of Cartagena, Rio Claro, Tolu, and Jumbo, as well as 17 of our ready-mix plants
 across the country.
 We will adjust our operations network as required by the growth of demand, always focused on
 implementing all the safety protocols to ensure the health of our employees, contractors,
 clients and suppliers. On the demand side we expect further improvements on the
 industrial segment during the month of May, us construction projects will be able to fully
 we start the operations and hardware stores will become available in line with demand
 for construction materials.
 clients from the industrial segment have been able to endure the quarantine measure by implementing a
 strict controls on their costs and therefore are ready to restart their projects.
 To the date of this report, important projects such as Tunnel del Foglio, Pacifico 1, 2,
 and three, and Brita del Sol one and two have already
 successfully restarted the cement and ready mix consumption in terms of
 competition during the first quarter the market experience a decrease in clean
 current demand imports of 35 and 56 percent respectively when compared to the first quarter
 of last year.
 Additionally, between March and April, the import parity price has increased
 the price.
 Okay.
 Let's do it.
 devaluation of the Colombian peso, which adds more space for continuing our value recovery
 strategy once the market goes back to more normal standards.
 Thank you, Tom.
 I would also like to highlight the early actions taken by the Colombian government
 in preventing the increasing the contagion
 court within the country
 which for our friends
 our belief of a
 prompt recovery on the local economy.
 Moving on to the Caribbean and Central America,
 I would like to highlight the improvements
 that we zone EBITDA margin when compared to the last quarter of last year, despite the
 fact that our two biggest
 operations. Panama and Honduras
 were closed during the last week of the quarter due to the coronavirus crisis.
 Camilo will provide more information on the performance of the region.
 Thank you, Juan, and good morning, everyone.
 The first quarter of 2020 was positive in terms of market dynamics for the countries like Honduras and Dominican Republic during January, February, and mid-March.
 From the second week of March on, we hope that you have a great opportunity for us to
 had several affectations in demand in both countries due to the lockdowns declared by
 local government.
 These lockdowns have been partially lifted to the date of this call.
 On April, we saw volumes in Honduras and Dominican Republic of around 40% of a regular month.
 Panama continued to have challenging market dynamics during the first two months of the year
 that worsened on March with COVID impact on the demand and the later quarantine measures implemented by the government.
 We expect the lockdown measure for the construction sector to be lifted before mid-May in accordance with public statements made by the government and in that sense a reopening from our facility around that date.
 Haiti.
 On the other side, continued its positive trend, improving prices in 7.1% and volumes in 11.1% versus the first quarter of 2019.
 Overall, we experienced increases in both the EBITDA and the EBITDA margin when compared
 to the fourth quarter of 2019 of 5.9% and 1.2% respectively.
 Unfortunately, these results were still lower than the first quarter of 2019, in part due
 to the quarantine measures, but mostly due to the overall market conditions.
 Panama.
 and the fact that prices in Honduras continue to be lower than the average price of 2019.
 As a result, cement volumes decreased 4.1% and ready-mix volumes decreased 34.1% when
 and compared to the first quarter of 2019.
 These lower volumes led to a decrease of 16.9% in the revenues and 33.5% on EBITDA.
 During this quarter, we continue to work on obtaining further efficiencies on energetics
 on our local operations.
 In Honduras, for instance, we inaugurated a solid fuel storage in the north of the country
 that will allow us to receive bigger amounts of fuel
 and therefore improve the purchase price.
 We also supplied, during the first quarter of the year, 11.6% of the energy from our Piedras Azules plant with the solar farm operated by Celsia, with lower costs together with environmental benefits.
 This initiative lowered the CO2 emissions from our energy supply in around 1500 tons during the first quarter of 2020,
 reinforcing our commitment towards sustainability.
 We believe that the second trimester of this year
 will continue to be challenging for the regional,
 but maintain our cautious optimism
 the second half of the year due to the fact that economies such as Panama, Honduras, and Puerto
 Rico took early actions on lockdowns and quarantine measures, and in that sense, we expect an
 and early recovery in those economies.
 Thank you, Camilo.
 I would also like to highlight the effort of the Panamanian government
 to protect the local economy
 by imposing a 30% tariff to the imports of cement to the country,
 which will have a positive impact on the competitive scenario of the country.
 we expect
 Similarly, strategies to be implemented
 from other governments in the Caribbean
 and Central American region.
 I would like to refer now to our balance statement.
 We close the first quarter with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of four times, which is lower
 to erase you
 of the last
 court of
 This result was driven by the fact that our dollar-denominated
 EBITDA was proportionally
 higher than our dollar
 denominated debt,
 improve in our leverage ratio
 in a scenario for similar
 indebtedness and
 and it's done.
 regarding the commitment that we had previously made on the labor agency company
 and reducing our net debt to EBITDA ratio,
 I want to reassure you that even though the current market conditions won't allow us to do that
 as soon as we were expecting
 we continue
 focus on obtaining that result in the mid-term.
 This temporary crisis has boosted our creativity, our innovation, and our savings initiatives,
 and has reinforced the commitment
 for people to adopt
 argos to the new market conditions.
 We are currently
 to review the guidance provided
 on our last earnings call,
 taking into account the unprecedented market conditions that we are currently going through.
 We expect to have a better view on our next earnings call.
 But finally, I would like to close the call by asking you all to stay safe, to take care
 of yourself and your loved ones
 and to comply with all the recommendations
 from your local authorities
 on matters of social distancing.
 Thank you all for your attention.
 operator. We can proceed now
 with the Q&A section.
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder to ask a question over the telephone, just press star, then one.
 Again, if you have a question, just press star then once.
 To remove yourself from the queue, just press the pound or hash key.
 Our first question comes from Juliana Aguilar with Bancolombia.
 Please go ahead.
 of activities in Colombia.
 How are you seeing this resumption in scenario of lower demand?
 Are you going to concentrate operations in just a few plans, maybe planning on building
 inventories and then shutting down the kilns. Any additional
 caller you could give us will be very helpful and my second question is
 regarding your divestment plan
 that you have decided to
 to phone given market conditions.
 Are you still seeing this?
 Are you still expecting this to be carried out this year, or do you see it being executed more in 2021?
 Thank you very much.
 Hello, good morning.
 Thank you, Juliana, for your questions in Colombia, and we have graduated in need to start final operations.
 I mean, the reality is that not only Colombia, but it's not the markets that are restarting.
 We have seen a better
 in the Montanario
 than you would expect.
 I think.
 We have inventory of cement in most of our plants.
 So we had to start just by using our inventory, we were going to proceed with the starting
 now are the grinding mills initially in order for
 And going forward, we have seen that for the first 2 or 3 months, most likely we will
 and that's what we have done in Cartagena.
 Thank you.
 God, great to see you in mind.
 to be meeting
 ways ever
 than we expected
 in these views.
 this type of operations.
 So we are ready to move on and study our plants until next week.
 Do you check those questions about these digestments learned?
 I mean, the reality is that we have a lot of interest for the digression of our active
 Texas
 we have
 We'll be on a great time.
 parties eat for his 15
 in the process, but we decided to still wait a little until we have more visibility when
 and the impact and the impact of collusion
 and came on the U.S. economy.
 So most likely we will revisit the project in the third quarter of the year.
 but we are fully committed to executing our diversification plan to bring the leverage
 as a free company
 to the latest
 new
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question is from Paul Chapran with Onfield Investments.
 Yes, hello, good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for taking my question. I hope that you are
 First of all, I would like to clarify a couple of points.
 I think you mentioned
 a target of prediction
 of capex of 40 million
 this year
 I just would like to understand
 14 million
 listen
 last year of 40 million less than the
 guidance that you had given in February.
 And the second point I would like to clarify is on pricing in Colombia.
 I think to mention an increase of...
 Oh, hi.
 13 bonnes
 Yeah.
 Paul, could you please speak later?
 We're not living very well around here.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 So, first of all, I would like to clarify a couple of points.
 the first point I'd like to clarify
 is on the CAPEX.
 you mentioned a reduction of
 40 million of capex in 2020.
 Is it 40 million less than last year?
 or is it 40 million
 less than the guidance that you gave in February.
 And the second point is on the pricing.
 In Colombia, I think you mentioned an increase of 13.5% of prices in Q1.
 but you're mentioning
 FOB prices.
 I would effectively understand
 This is it.
 on selling prices, or are we talking about import prices?
 Thank you.
 Thank you for, thank you for the, for the question.
 And I mean, the Catholic distribution of $40 million is, you know, with respect to our
 guidance, not to lie to you.
 is 40 million dollars less than
 our guidance of the
 in the end of the past year.
 And I'm sorry, but I didn't hear the second part of the question.
 The second part of the question was about the pricing in Colombia.
 You mentioned an increase of 13% of FOB prices in Colombia, but I just would like to understand
 whether we are talking about import prices or your own selling prices.
 Thank you.
 If I understand you well, it was a question about
 in Colombia, the price dynamic in Colombia was going extremely well.
 We were able to describe it for 2003 at the end of March, and the reality is that we are
 Thank you.
 if you continue with that
 I'll try to go in.
 Try to go in.
 for the way
 to start doing the third quarter of the year
 wants them to start
 to discover a little
 with the evaluation
 of the Colombian pressure, the gap of the internal crisis in the Middle East, the input
 crisis has widened, so the reality is that we continue to see all the opportunities to
 for what the strategy
 of flash recovery in Colombia.
 No worries, in terms of U.S. dollars, we
 for a living in Colombia,
 and we'll be able to do that in a few years, and we'll be able to do that on average
 for privacy crisis in Colombia, I'll close it to one hundred and ten, and it takes into
 account over the market.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question is from Gordon Lee with BTG.
 Yes, hi.
 Good morning.
 thank you very much for the call
 I hope everybody on the call is doing well and your families as well.
 Just very quickly, two questions.
 First, on the balance sheet, I was wondering what the plans are for the refinancing or
 the kicking back of maturities that are on the balance sheet for 2020.
 and I guess similarly
 how conversations with creditors are going on
 on waving covenants
 And then just on the operating side, you mentioned in the release and in your remarks on the call,
 understood on that
 you were expecting other countries
 in the Caribbean and Central American
 region to follow Panama's
 lead on imposing import tariffs for cements.
 I was wondering whether that's sort of an expectation based on your reading of the markets
 or whether there's actual tangible comments or progress made by some of these markets already on this front.
 Thank you.
 I'm going to start by answering just a different question tonight, and then I will ask Catalyst
 the comments on our
 And we're going to start again our conversation with the traded agencies and the banks.
 And in the other hand,
 With this pandemic we are seeing increasing awareness of the local governments to incentivize
 the community.
 Thank you.
 of medical and the protection of enjoyment in the local markets and that means that
 in these things in our country.
 the users, the users, the users, the workers.
 in a city that is where you are in Panama,
 ...
 seeing and seeing that trend in our videos,
 Just to give you another example.
 So we have high expectations based on the trends that we have seen in the region.
 For the second question, I would like to add candidates to give you more call.
 line.
 Gordon, I think it is very important to point or to start saying that when this crisis started
 for us in March
 28, we had
 about $330 million of maturities for the rest of 2020.
 so far
 We have rolled over about $115 million with different tenors up to two years, and in other
 two or three months of maturity, that we have rolled over 100% of the loss of the facilities
 that we had to roll over in the and really like 27 nations in the in the conference really were in
 in permanent contact with the different banks,
 really the support has been great of all of them.
 in this in the second part of the question about the waiver we are starting the conversations with
 the creditors with the creditors because we we are requesting a waiver for the
 or some
 Next, what is...
 Really, this is not just a situation of Cemento Zargo, this is really a very general situation
 in the market right now
 The good deal is that
 Remember that in the presentation that really we were in a very big trend in the
 in a bit of a big gun,
 I mean, we ended March with very close to four times the negative victim,
 obviously because of these prices we are expecting to increase this level of operation of the ratio
 that we are
 very optimistic about the
 negotiation with our creditors.
 That's very clear.
 Thank you both very much, and keep well.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Adrienne Huerta with J.P. Morgan.
 Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
 I had one question
 on the cost savings
 see you can just provide us with more comments on where these fixed costs are
 that you're planning to cut to come from.
 And then the second question that I had was if you can just tell us
 What happened to the price increases that you had planned in the U.S. for April?
 and which price increases you have executed already
 and which ones you're planning to do for the rest of the year.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, Adrian, and thank you for the questions, I mean.
 the reality is that
 we have
 We've become really good at, you know, optimizing all the trade agents in the last few years.
 And with the challenges that we are facing from COVID-19 in our operations, we see the
 to continue
 accelerating
 the optimization of our operations.
 the savings will come
 from savings and maintenance
 in services and in SG&A, totaling close to between 75 and 100 million dollars.
 we are fully confident that we will be able to achieve that target for the
 that we have foreseen going forward.
 new savings will come from the US and from Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia.
 In terms of the price scenario in the U.S., I would like to give you more color that I
 What we have seen in the market.
 Yeah, Adrian.
 Hey, good morning.
 As far as price, as you suggested, we were looking for a price increase in April.
 the reality is
 that we had some good success early in a couple markets,
 mainly Florida and Dallas.
 You know, unfortunately, given the situation rolling into the spring, we pushed out the
 increase.
 There's going to be a strong move in April, and we're monitoring the situation the best
 we can to kind of see, you know, what
 I knew we were going down with what's happening with the virus and the impact.
 But right now we're looking at something in the late second quarter maybe to push another
 price.
 Thank you.
 Perfect. Thank you.
 and if I can just
 on
 the cost
 savings.
 The lower cost for maintenance
 not just for this year
 or will those ones that we see great volumes
 will have to be
 will have to be expensed.
 You know, it will depend on the
 the man scenario that in
 act in that claim that we have
 I'm fairly confident that we will be able to achieve these savings for this year.
 So the following year, it will depend on the number of plants that we will have in operations
 according to the report of the month.
 Understood.
 So thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 And our next question is from Alexandra Obregón with Morgan Stanley.
 hi good morning thank you for the call
 for taking my question.
 It's really related to what you're seeing on the ground.
 So you did mention that volumes in Central America and the Caribbean are about 40% of volumes of a regular month.
 So just wondering if you could add some commentary there for Colombia and the U.S. of what you're seeing for April and May.
 Laura, Alexandra, thank you for the question.
 I would like to ask Thomas to review an idea of how are we seeing things about being in
 in Colombia first.
 Hello Alexandra, this is Tomás Rescleto.
 So in April, we had the first half of the month was, you know, pretty much a full stop.
 only a few
 dispatches for
 infrastructure projects
 that were, you know, able to continue operating.
 but by the end of the month
 we were already
 reaching the 40%
 of our daily dispatches.
 So April turns out better than we thought.
 basically, you know, we have
 so
 as much volume
 as we expect
 That's what I mean the quarantine.
 in the month of May
 we are seeing
 our volumes are around 50% of what they used to be.
 it could be a little more
 and, you know, to give you
 some more
 color
 about it we are
 We're seeing, you know, surprisingly, a great deal of activity, you know, compared to what we were expecting in the retail business, which has, you know, become so far the majority, you know, larger than even the industrial dispatches we are doing right now.
 when, you know, these patches in Bogota and many other cities
 and all retail stores around the country should become available and online,
 We are seeing volumes growing, as I said, to a little bit more than half of what we were
 dispatching in the previous months.
 And now, Bill, could you provide us some color about the volumes in the US in April, which we are very pleased?
 Sure, thanks, Don, and I was in there.
 Thank you for the question.
 And actually, April was much stronger than we anticipated.
 I think initially there were some forecasts where you may have weakening demand towards the latter half,
 that we were suddenly pleased
 volumes and they're very strong.
 As for May, so far this month, we're seeing another sign of optimism, at least for the first week.
 Our volumes are tracking pretty close to plan.
 And, you know, we do see in the future that there's going to be some level of slowdown in the residential segment.
 I think probably to begin with
 and then maybe the commercial backlog as it works off, it could slow.
 but at this point it's kind of hard to
 predict when that might occur because
 You know, at this point, we thought we may see some slowdown already, but we have not.
 the impact that we've had so far
 has been more weather-related.
 So, again, we're encouraged at this point and look forward to see what's going to happen the rest of this month.
 Thank you, Bill.
 understood, complemented,
 the
 the answer
 and the
 Camilo, can you provide us with some color about what's going on in our markets in Central
 America and the Caribbean
 in Mexico.
 sure one
 Thank you, Alessandra.
 Before I presented a broad estimate, but in more detail, Honduras, in 15 days of opening during April,
 we were able to dispatch around 50% of our budget.
 Panama, as we said, is still closed
 and we have zero dispatches
 and we have the news
 that the economy will reopen
 next week starting with construction
 of one of the sectors
 that reopens, so that's
 a positive
 is one of the news.
 Haiti is at 100% of budget and has been for the first four months of the year.
 and Belandus is still strong.
 or Dominican Republic
 we did about 40% of our normal dispatches, and this with the construction at a halt,
 And this was mainly due to dispatches to people that were doing inventory for bricks and other small construction.
 so that's part of this
 also for the country.
 Puerto Rico
 who has
 has had our
 a very long closure, but
 the government has
 At different points in time, we opened some areas, for example, small hardware stores with initial dispatches two days a week.
 And that, along with exports, represented about 25% of the budget.
 So it is also positive that Puerto Rico will reopen the construction sector also starting next week.
 The EMTs, which had also closed in most of the islands, the budget was around 40% as
 well and then we have
 Suriname with 85%
 of budgets
 So just a 15% decline.
 French bullion
 was at 105% of the budget
 So even though that there were measures taken by the government, we did not see a decrease in demand.
 and the rest of the export markets
 were about
 70%.
 So we are seeing a May with better demand that we had before April.
 So that's encouraging news.
 Thanks, Warren.
 Thank you very much. This was very clear.
 And just a quick follow-up on your savings.
 is it afraid to assume that it will be
 proportionally split in all the countries.
 I mean, the $75 to $90 million, would it be proportional all across the U.S., Colombia and the Caribbean?
 Yeah.
 can be the highest savings
 in Colombia
 followed by the years
 and then by the CCA, Alexandra.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Roberto Paniagua with Corfi Colombiana.
 I can't do anything else.
 I'll give you a nice little idea.
 you know, you can't think to
 to pray
 Maybe two.
 The first one is related to the summit rise in Colombia.
 And, yeah, I want to know the pattern of the teaching.
 Hi, Roberto, I'm sorry, but we can't listen to you.
 Can you speak louder, please?
 I do.
 Do you listen now?
 Can you speak louder?
 Can you listen to me now?
 Yeah, it's better.
 Okay, okay. Thank you.
 I'm sorry for this.
 Yes, I have just a few questions.
 The third one, can you tell me the quarterly semiflite variations in Colombia?
 The second is about any market share loss that you could have in Colombia
 in the quadrant due to the entrance of a new competitor.
 And the last one, the project estimation in Colombia.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Robert.
 We call the easy-man price.
 What is in Columbia?
 5% will continue deploying with a lot of success on the strategy of leading the price recovery
 in the market.
 you may have to lose
 you know
 There used to actually market sharing in the business in Colombia.
 It was growing in excess of 7% every month through the end of February and we were basically flat.
 But we were very pleased with the success of our strategy of price recovery.
 We will have to wait until we have more visibility in the second quarter, but we are very pleased
 market position in Colombia.
 I don't know, Tom, if you would like to add a little bit more color to the answer.
 Well, about the 4G project transformation, we are seeing, you know, all of the projects
 going strong financially solid still and we see our you know our customers very
 D.C. taking care of their employees with all these very demanding protocols of health and safety.
 and you know
 we're still, we're still
 working 4G as a main driver of demand.
 that's pretty much
 or what I wanted to write about.
 Thank you.
 Roberto, does that answer your question?
 Yes, yes.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 So, and our next question is from Juan Diaz with Forvenir.
 Hi, good morning, and thank you for the presentation.
 I have two questions.
 My first question is, could you spend more on the construction of the net debt plus dividends ratio in dollars?
 And what would this indicator be, including IFRS 16 and using adjusted a bit,
 and what are the strategies to lower this indicator throughout the year
 with regard to rating agencies.
 and my second question is
 what is the
 medium-term
 liquidity strategy
 and outlook considering that the dividend payments
 that should happen
 in the second half of the year
 were to be supported by the postponed
 divestitures.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Juan Pablo, for the question.
 We do like to watch the first one of our days.
 that
 that's really good ratio
 a
 that's one
 but it's a pleasure
 what exactly
 the question
 what I would like to know is
 For example, what I understood in the last report from rating agencies,
 They don't make a division on IFRS 16 or – and one for that side and the other thing was on –
 Oh, okay, no, I got it, I got it.
 I got it.
 Okay.
 Second, because the rating agency didn't exclude the area of existing assets or debt.
 Yep, you didn't?
 I don't want to say this.
 fully IFRX-16
 is pretty similar
 it's pretty, pretty, pretty similar
 because our ratio
 just taking into account
 the
 the death related to
 assets per use
 between
 divided by
 de depreciation,
 plus amortization plus the interest because of these leases is right now four times for that
 reason including their existing, the ratio is pretty close to four times.
 That was a good question.
 You finish?
 yes and
 And what were the strategies to lower this indicator throughout the year?
 No, no, through the year,
 The idea, like we are mentioning obviously, the predictability of the bid of the second
 quarter and the third quarter obviously right now is very complex for that reason we are taking all
 this measure like the capex cut and the cost savings and a lot of other measures in case of
 let the liquidity you ask as well what are the we what our current position in the creating is about
 500
 ...
 trillion, trillion pesos.
 No, no, billion pesos.
 a really
 the idea
 The idea is to end the second quarter with about, in a very stressful scenario, with
 about 300 million pesos really in a very expensive
 But it's very important to highlight what Juan Esteban, Tomás, Bill, and Camilo has mentioned.
 But, comparing with one stressful scenario, in the reality, ATROL was by far better than our initial scenario.
 and made
 is going
 better by far as well
 For that reason, we're expecting that we are ending in a better position in terms of liquidity.
 and we're really, we're really
 monitor the cash provision of the company week by week going forward, depending on how
 things will play out.
 But we are confident, as Carlos is saying, that we'll be able to end the quarter with a very good cash position.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Rodrigo Sanchez with Da Vivienda Corredores.
 Right.
 Yeah, good morning, guys. Thank you for the presentation.
 you also have two questions
 In addition to the funds already secured as of April, Carlos comments on expected liquidity levels.
 are you expecting to report
 further debt increases throughout the rest
 of the year and also
 So, could you please mention the amount you still have available through Secure Credit Lines?
 my second question is
 I understand that they share you own
 are used as collateral for the credit lines you have in place.
 will you be restrained to sell them
 or at least part of it
 if you need it to do so.
 Thank you.
 For the first part of the question, Rodrigo, we are at a high level of probability, we are
 this wasn't tomorrow, another extra 15 million dollars,
 that now,
 that will operate as an insurance of liquidity,
 be really because really and now we're going to need this
 extra liquidity, but really we prefer to have this extra liquidity in our hands, and we
 we are just watching this extra amount.
 is not contemplated in the series that we were mentioning and with this new
 We really will be in a very good position of liquidity for many, for many months.
 Is it a collateral on trade line? No, no, no. We don't have any collateralized trade.
 and then you'll use the force for the development.
 Okay, our next question is from Alejandro Chabela with Credit Suisse.
 Hello guys, thanks for taking my question and stay safe.
 uh just on competitive dynamics in colombia i know you already mentioned a little bit but if you
 could comment a little bit with regard to the the improvement that you are seeing in import party
 pricing and the
 slide
 market share
 loss that you had in the quarter.
 could you comment a little bit more on what you expect
 coming forward in terms of market share
 or what are you seeing from the market as a whole
 with the pricing increase that you made in the first quarter.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you Alejandro.
 The market in Colombia was behaving in a very good way
 until the first half of March
 with the increasing demand of last year
 of close to 500,000 tons
 plus the 7% increasing the money through February,
 the realities that the competitive banks
 e-gazı,
 in my opinion, a positive.
 Nobody was really competing on prices, because there was a huge gap in prices that we have
 prices and the expansion of everybody to reward the cost of capital of the assets that we
 you have in Colombia.
 I would expect that scenario to continue the same way going forward once they might start
 to be COVID.
 So far we are extremely pleased with the reaction of the market in April and May and in
 May.
 opinion, our competitive position has strength in this real start of the economy.
 the close relationship that we have with our clients and the technical assistance that we provide to them.
 In my opinion, we have a superior value proposition for the industrial segment of the market and
 And we are the, in my opinion, the only swimming player in Colombia who access directly and
 wider range of hardware
 is chosen in the conscious
 We are, you know, going to more than 5,000 have with strokes.
 So, in our opinion, our value for the city is a very important part of the city and the
 will be an important asset for us going forward.
 We don't foresee anybody continuing crisis, no matter what scenario of demand plays out
 going forward.
 is supposed to be significant gap in prices, these are used in prosperity prices.
 What I wanted to add is that during this quarter, we gained market share in the industrial business
 where we suffered the most by the end of last year, particularly in the ReadyMix business.
 So, we are as strong as we've always been in that industrial part of the market.
 The lot of market share has been mostly focused on the retail business, that is where we have
 in, you know,
 recovering prices faster.
 We have gone, as usual, faster than our competitors in that market, and I think it's pretty much
 a very good move to have done it
 before they
 crisis because otherwise you know our competitors will be as one was saying
 forced
 or incentive buys, you know, to recover value as well for their companies in a, you know, more stressful market.
 So we are poised to recover the market share with healthier prices, as we are seeing today.
 and, you know, import party prices have been, you know, a very good indicator of, you know,
 that direction where national crisis should go and in this case this is
 joining in the, you know,
 in the right direction.
 Thank you very much, very dear.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Stefania Mosquera with Credit Corp. Capital.
 Good morning.
 Thank you very much for the presentation.
 I have two questions.
 My first question is regarding the distribution of your cash flows.
 What proportion would you say is fixed? And what proportion would you say is variable?
 And then my second question is regarding the competitive dynamics in Honduras.
 You mentioned in the presentation that you had price decreases, so I would like to have a little bit more detail in that front.
 Thank you, Stephanie, for your question.
 the split of our
 variable and fixed cost is more or less 50-50.
 in
 regarding Honduras
 The reality is that we started to see better dynamics in the market in 2020.
 January and February were very good months in terms of demand, so things were going way better in Honduras.
 And with the recovery of the market that Camilo mentioned in April,
 you still don't have enough
 visibility and we need more weeks to really know what is going to be like the normal demand in
 in Honduras again, but up to now we are pleased with the dynamics.
 If the market continues
 recording
 we foresee a scenario
 which we can start
 price record in Honduras similar to the one that we are executing in Colombia.
 I don't know, Karen, if you would like to add some color to my answer.
 Eric, just to mention that this was previously addressed as well, but the carrier is something
 that is being discussed
 So that's good.
 potentially
 the benefits as well in the direction of the prices in the market, and, again, starting
 in December, following through
 to the middle of
 March, we had the
 a very strong demand
 in the country, which I think
 He's very positive.
 and we'll see how the recovery goes.
 and
 what's up programs
 does the
 Um,
 um,
 government implements to sort of
 we cover the economy
 but
 but definitely
 The construction sector for a country like Honduras is a critical sector to restart
 and to secure as part of the jobs for the country.
 Great.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 So our next question is from Andres Soto with Santander.
 Good morning, everybody, and thank you for the presentation.
 I found very interesting your comments about significant
 decline of cement and
 tinker imports in Colombia
 this year, and also the
 the tablets that were implemented in Panamá,
 potential of the implementation of the
 as well.
 So I would like to understand
 how much
 input
 represent from each
 of those markets? I mean, how much
 I'll
 importers, either cement or clean care,
 representative of the Colombian Cement Market,
 of 2019
 and if you can
 share the same number for Panama and Honduras. It will be very helpful. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 and Greece.
 Importing into Colombia,
 mainly clinker last year
 close to 600,000 tons
 to Honduras and Panama, close to 8% of the market in each of those markets, Panama cement
 and Honduras as well on the cement.
 In our opinion, there is a trend in our countries towards, you know, supporting local industries
 just to protect employment and especially in places such as Colombia where the prices
 and the local party prizes
 If that didn't make any sense for the country to use, you know,
 foreign reserves to import
 clinker when
 we have enough
 local capacity to supply the industry, local integrated producers.
 So, in our opinion, that is a trend that will prevail going forward on this.
 That was very helpful.
 Thank you.
 I want to start.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Francisco Suarez with Scotiabank.
 Hi, thank you for the call. Good morning. I hope you are doing well in KFC and your
 well as your loved ones
 Congrats on the nice performance on Margin in Colombo, despite the huge drop in volumes that tells you a little bit about what you're doing.
 and congrats on that.
 The question that I have on the United States, first, what will it take commercially to be
 ready to be better positioned to sell more cement to ready-mix infrastructure projects?
 And secondly, do you think that the overall performance in densely populated regions in
 the United States might be affected more compared to other regions within the United States.
 Thanks. Thank you so much.
 Thank you, Paco. Thank you for your questions.
 and we are as well very pleased with the performance of our business in Colombia
 There used to be an idea of what is a margin per ton in January, and it proved that it
 in excess of $30 per ton of Erika.
 And the reality is that once the money starts picking up,
 We are very confident that the profitability of our prisons in Colombia will continue improving in a significant way.
 to answer your question about the U.S. market, I would like to be able to answer your question.
 Yeah, Francisco, thank you and good morning.
 I'll give you a question regarding the infrastructure.
 Thank you.
 We feel like we are very well positioned to take on more of that opportunity as it presents itself.
 We think it's going to be much bigger going forward, but the reality is, as of now, in Q1-19, we had about 5% that represented about 5% of our volume, and in Q1-2020, it's representing about 8% of our volume.
 So, you know, we have been focusing on that, so we feel like we're in a pretty good situation
 And we do see some increased demand there to be able to take advantage of it.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 You know, what's...
 And you don't see any differences in demand from COVID-19 from densely populated regions
 compared to others that are not as dense
 to be populated regions.
 Thank you.
 That one is for you, I don't think that we are seeing any difference in the month from
 large metropolitan, the Pacific Pacific regions,
 These are at least more good areas in the U.S., right?
 Yes, that's great.
 It's different.
 I think there will be a difference.
 I think, you know, we're monitoring that as we go because the local and state governments,
 You know, they kind of make some of their own decisions and where we have, you know,
 revenue from tolls, and we have, you know, things that help fund the highway, the gas
 tax and things like that, wherever there's differences there, there could be differences
 in demand as well.
 But we keep an eye on that by state.
 Perfect.
 Got you. Thank you so much. Take care.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 And our next question is from Mike Beck with database analysis.
 Thank you very much.
 My question is on energy costs, please.
 They were down, I think, in Colombia, 8.8% in Q1.
 What is the outlook for energy costs in Colombia, please, for the rest of the year?
 secondly
 in the
 US, was there any savings
 in energy or diesel costs of significance in Q1.
 and again what's the outlook for the rest of the year if you could
 And then finally, on your reset initiative, does it include the benefit of lower energy costs expected this year,
 or would they be on top of the Reset Initiative cost savings?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mark.
 The reality is that in Colombia, energy prices have decreased in a significant way from last
 year. For the remaining of the year, we are seeing them on the same level as we have the
 first quarter of the year. In the U.S. we have seen significant savings in
 for our revenue fleet.
 significant damage, very good, very good performance because of the lower prices of
 So, in general, we are foreseeing a much better scenario in terms of energy prices in all
 power bridges.
 If you have a question, please give me a comment.
 in Central America and the Caribbean where all of the countries around oil imports and
 technical importance.
 So the reality here in terms of energy cost, I mean, there will be some very favorable
 going forward in all of the
 of the free regions
 If Thomas said Camillo or Bill would like to comment a little bit more on the specifics of each reason and more than welcome.
 Juan, from my part, this is Tomar Restrepo, I would just like to add the impact of this
 Energy cost reduction in our valuable costs in Colombia are very significant.
 as of today are valuable costs per ton, including plants as efficient as Calca Hena and others
 feeling what progress is in Jumbo.
 to water power
 coverage
 variable cost in Colombia is
 $20
 and it goes very, very much lower, you know, in dance like Katahena, for example.
 So, that is a great effect of these prices.
 In Colombia, we are using mostly coal today, as gas is nominated in dollars, but there
 is a very good availability of code at this moment, and our strategy to diversify our
 future.
 materials with the alternative tools is also paying back as we are using cheap
 tires and you know biomass and other different types of fuels and we're
 seeing, you know,
 good opportunities to start using urban residues, converting into fuels for the future.
 So we are seeing a good outlook in terms of fuels for this year in Colombia.
 Thank you, Tom.
 Javon, I can compliment on Honduras and Puerto Rico.
 we have
 of a, of course,
 We implemented the solar.
 The solar.
 generation fuel in Menduras which has a significant lower cost or lower price of
 to the local energy that's available.
 So they were seeing significant savings.
 we're also
 installed or
 or putting in operation a solid fuel storage in the northern part of the country.
 we were
 before we were buying
 um
 head coach from a local supplier
 and now we're able to bring in
 ships of
 30 to 40,000 tons
 which gives it
 a very good hedgehog
 on negotiating prices
 So we're seeing prices reduced by $10 to $15 per ton.
 So that's going to have also a point to impacting the cost of the operation.
 and in Puerto Rico we had
 negotiated a call
 last year, which was
 much better to the prices that we had before,
 But we expect to have, of course, better pricing due to the fuels or the commodity prices decline in the future for the operation.
 And we're also looking at implementing or looking at different solutions for energy
 in countries which we still have high costs such as Indira and Puerto Rico.
 Because other countries such as Panama and the Dominican Republic, we have a very competitive
 contracts negotiated with local energy suppliers.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Michael.
 Thank you for coming.
 just a compliment
 And what you said from the U.S. standpoint with respect to diesel, I mean, we have seen
 some movement in our rating
 of fitness.
 Again, I think you're correct.
 I feel like we're going to see more of that as the year goes on
 just because of what's happening with the situation in general.
 Thank you, Liam.
 thank you for that
 Can I just then follow up?
 Are those savings from all those fuel savings you've been talking about, are they in the reset numbers or are they on top of the reset numbers?
 that number.
 They will be on top of the recent numbers.
 So as I said, it's variable cost, and we are basically addressing the fixed cost and tactics.
 Excellent.
 Thank you very much and stay safe.
 Thank you.
 And our last question is from Juan Mejia with Ashmore.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning. Thank you.
 And could you provide us with an overview for the working capital requirements of the business?
 we saw an increase in inventories and receivables.
 so can you tell us
 how these accounts are behaving.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Juan.
 thank you for your question
 And Carlos, can you give us some sort of...
 Okay, working capital management.
 Okay.
 How's it work?
 5-1, oh, they're working?
 The behavior of the working capital so far from the beginning of this crisis has been very good.
 We are controlling almost at this level of the organization,
 They are controlling almost every one of the approvals of the purchase orders.
 I think that it does
 that's necessary in a situation like this one.
 and that, just to give you a little more color.
 Inglésio de Colombia no es la ectomática.
 It's still in very well.
 We stopped the operations in the last 10 days of March.
 But we have collected about 90 billion pesos, or more than 90 billion pesos during April.
 not selling, but we are collecting the receivables.
 And we are, as well, put in place a plan in order to reduce the level of the inventory in all of the three regions.
 And that is going well as well.
 for that reason the idea is to have a really an extreme control in the in all of the three
 life of the working capital and we consider that we have the we are we are
 structured and very good plans in all of the three regions.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 And I'm not showing any further questions in the QSA.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks a lot for connecting to our conference call today.
 Stay safe and looking forward to seeing you all in our next conference call.
 Have a great day.
 And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we conclude our program for today.
 Thank you for your participation.
 Have a great day.
 Thank you.