Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dr. Reddy's Q3 FY22 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Agarwal, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you. Thank you. Very good morning and good evening to all of you and thank you for joining us today for the Dr. Reddy's earnings conference call for the quarter ended December 31st, 2021. Earlier during the day, we have released our results and the same are also posted on our website. This call is being recorded and the playback and transcript will be made available on our website soon. All the discussions and analysis of this call will be based on the IFRS consolidated financial statements. To discuss the business performance and outlook, we have the leadership team of Dr. Reddy comprising Mr. Erez Israel, our CEO, Mr. Parag Agarwal, our CFO and the Investor Relations team. Please note that today's call is a copyrighted material of Dr. Reddy's and cannot be rebroadcasted or attributed in press or media outlets without the company's expressed written consent. Before I proceed with the call, I would like to remind everyone that the safe harbor contained in today's release also pertains to this conference call. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Parag Agarwal. Over to you, sir. Thank you, Amit and greetings to everyone. Hope all of you are keeping well. We had yet another quarter of good performance in terms of year-on-year growth in revenues and profits while maintaining healthy EBITDA margins and generating good cash flows. Let me take you through the key financial highlights for the quarter in a bit more detail. For this section, all the amounts are translated into US dollar at a convenient translation rate of Rs. 74.39, which is the rate as of December 31, 2021. Consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 5,320 crores, that is US dollar 715 million, and grew by 8% on year-on-year basis and declined by 8% on a sequential quarter basis. Year-on-year growth has been supported by growth across most of our businesses and was driven by a good base business performance and recent launches. Sequentially, however, our revenues were impacted on a higher base of Q2, which had a higher contribution from COVID-related products and recognition of out-licensing income in our proprietary products business. Consolidated gross profit margin for this quarter has been at 53.8%, which was flat over previous year. However, the margin increased by 40 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Gross margin for the global generics and PSAI were at 57.8% and 22.5% respectively for the quarter. The SG&A spend for the quarter is Rs. 1,541 crores, that is US dollar 207 million, and an increase of 7% year-on-year and a decrease of 3% quarter-on-quarter. The year-on-year increase is in line with our business growth and on account of continued investments in sales and marketing activities for brands in India and emerging markets. As a percentage of sales, our SG&A has been at 29%, which is lower by 20 basis points year-on-year. The R&D spend for the quarter is Rs. 416 crores, that is US dollar 56 million, and is at 7.8% of sales. R&D spend increased by 1% year-on-year and declined by 7% quarter-on-quarter. The product development activities continued normally during the quarter and we continued to build a healthy pipeline of new products across our markets. The EBITDA for the quarter is Rs. 1,266 crores, that is US dollar 170 million, and the EBITDA margin is 23.8%. The EBITDA margin for the 9 months in this fiscal is at 24% and is closely tracking our expiration target of 25%. Consequently, our profit before tax stood at Rs. 971 crores, that is US dollar 131 million, which is a growth of 242% year-on-year and a decrease of 23% quarter-on-quarter. Adjusted for the impairment charges, our profits grew by 10.7% over previous year. Effective tax rate for the quarter has been at 27.2%. We expect our normal ETR to be in the range of 25-26%. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 707 crores, that is US dollar 95 million. Reported EPS for the quarter is Rs. 42.48. Operating working capital decreased by Rs. 512 crores, which is US dollar 69 million, against that of September 30, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in received levels of Rs. 616 crores, aided by higher collections. Our capital investment during the quarter stood at Rs. 414 crores, which is US dollar 56 million. The free cash flow generated during this quarter was a net inflow of Rs. 1,274 crores, which is US dollar 71 million. Consequently, we now have a net cash surplus of Rs. 998 crores, that is US dollar 134 million, as on December 31, 2021. Foreign currency cash flow hedges in the form of derivatives for the US dollar are approximately US dollar 360 million, largely hedged around the range of Rs. 75.4 to Rs. 78.9 to the dollar, global 5875 million at the rate of 0.9909 to the rupee, Australian dollar 2.5 million at the rate of Rs. 58.74 to the Australian dollar, and South African rand 36.9 million at the rate of Rs. 4.97 to South African rand, maturing in the next 12 months. With this, I now request Erez to take through the key business highlights. Thank you Farag. Good morning and good evening to everyone. I hope you and your family are all safe and healthy. I am pleased to share that we had a strong financial performance during the quarter without any benefit from one-off or COVID-related sales. We have grown year-on-year across our key businesses and both EBITDA and our C margins are closer to our aspiration and target of 25% each while we continue to invest in our future growth business. We have been able to achieve this despite certain industry-level headwinds like a higher level of price erosion across the generic segment in the US market, increasing commodity prices and higher freight costs. This sustained performance shows the resilience we have been able to build with our diversified business model to mitigate such external headwinds. We also generated significant cash flow during the quarter and are now having a net cash surplus which will enable us to invest for future growth. Let me take you through the key business highlights for the quarter. The reference of these numbers and these sections are in respective local currencies. Our North America generic business recorded sales of $248 million for the quarter with a year-over-year growth of 6% or a sequential quarter decline of 2%. During the quarter, we continued to gain market share for some of our key products including a recent launch of our Post-Apprentice field subjects. However, the sales were impacted due to price erosion for some of our products and has been the case for the entire sector and seasonal demand variations for a few of our key products. We launched four new products in the United States during this quarter. Our Europe business recorded sales of €47 million and was largely flat both year-over-year and sequentially. During the quarter, we launched four new products in Germany and one product each in France and Ireland. We are expecting few good launches during Q4 which should enable us to return to growth in this market. Our emerging market business recorded sales of Rs. 1,154 crores with a strong year-on-year growth of 20%. However, they just had a sequential decline of 11%. Within the emerging markets, the Russia business grew by 2% on a year-over-year basis and declined by 18% on a quarter-to-quarter basis in constant currency. As informed earlier, the Q2 performance in Russia was very strong which supported by seasonal demand and launch of biosimilar Deva Cizumab. The rest of the world markets sales were supported by one-off sales of the COVID-related products. During the quarter, we launched 16 new products across various emerging markets. Our India business recorded sales of Rs. 1,027 crores with a year-on-year growth of 7% and sequential decline of 10%. Adjusted for COVID-related portfolio sales in previous year and the last quarter, the business performance has been fairly strong and in line with expectations. During the quarter, we launched four new products in the India market. As per our Cuba report of December 2021, we have grown higher than the market at 23.1% on MET basis against market growth of 18.1%. Our PCI business recorded sales of 97 million with a year-on-year growth of 2% but a quarter-on-quarter decline of 4%. We expect the performance to improve in the coming quarters. During the quarter, we filed 32 drug master files globally including two filings made in the United States. We have also filed 22 formulation products across global markets and one ANDA in the United States. As of December 31st, 2021, we have

91 immunity filings pending for approval within the USFDA, which includes 88 ANDAs and 3 505B2 entries. During the quarter, we have signed a deal with Ruzelius for commercialization of our biosimilar Iteximab in the United States. We are also continuing with the global development of 5 to 7 other biosimilar in our portfolio that are in various stages of preclinical and clinical development. Earlier during the month, we had launched Monopravir in India, expanding our portfolio to fight against the ongoing COVID pandemic. We are also working on certain export opportunities in line with the licensing rights obtained from Epcot. As regards to Sputnik, we are now ready with capacities in India. We are working actively with the government of India to register Sputnik Light as a vaccine and as a booster dose of Sputnik Light. We have also submitted proposals to DCGI to conduct trials to test Sputnik Light as a booster to other vaccines. Sputnik continues to be a viable option for Dr. Reddy's for India and other countries. Consistent with our aspiration and healthy balance sheet, M&A remains an integral part of our growth strategy and therefore we are actively pursuing few deals across our focus geographies. We are progressing well to strengthen the key processes in core businesses and in the digitalization journey. Going forward, we are looking to double down our efforts on very critical and important areas of innovation as well as ESG. There is a good progress to deliver on the short-term and long-term growth levels across our businesses and we remain committed and optimistic about this. I am pleased to share also the recent recognitions of our efforts toward ESG. In November 2021, we were positioned No. 9 among pharma companies in the world in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index 2021. During the quarters, we were also recognized by the UNWEP for gender inclusivity in the workplace. Our FTOACZ P1 manufacturing plant in Vizag was honored with the prestigious National Energy Conservation Award by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, Ministry of Power, Government of India. We have been recognized as the most innovative company for the year 2021 at the C2 Industrial Innovation Awards 2021. Earlier this month, we won a prestigious Apex Award, Sustainable Corporate of the Year at the 2021 Forrester-Sullivan Terry Sustainability 4.0 Award. As you can see, ESG should continue to remain our focus area and we are going to increase our efforts in that direction. With this, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may please press star, then 1 on the touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star, then 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Anyone who wishes to ask questions, please press star, then 1. The first question is from the line of Kunal Damesha from MK Global. Please go ahead. Good evening and thank you for asking the opportunity. The first question is on the US. You have mentioned that the price erosion has been a little bit severe. But if we kind of do a back calculation, is it fair to say on a sequential basis that somewhere in the high single to low double digit kind of price erosion in US for this quarter? Yes. So we did see, I don't see it as a kind of global phenomenon. It's continued to be a product-based situation. But in Q4, a relatively larger number of our products faced competition. And in this respect, on the overall basis, it's more like a double digit. But despite that, we are still growing. So we managed to offset this erosion with new products, with market share, as well as with productivity activities. So this still remains the issue and the growth of about, I think now, 9 out of 10 quarters we are growing in the US. And this will continue to be a kind of phenomenon also in the future, in which I do see growth. Maybe slower than other markets, but we are still going to grow in the US. Thank you. And second, on this COVID-related contribution across our India and emerging markets, what would that be a percentage of revenue for the first nine months? It was primarily in the second quarter, not so much in the first quarter. So third quarter was without major sales of COVID products. And we will see probably also more in Q4. So in this respect, the main contribution of this portfolio will be in the second as well as in the fourth, not so much in the third. And in India, there was contribution in first quarter as well, right? In the third quarter, not so much. That's why on a sequential basis, when you compare India, that's why there is a decline because it was relatively last contribution during the second quarter, but not so much in the third. The second, as I remember, was very much affected by the Delta wave. And this one is the Omicron wave in between. Luckily, there was no another wave, therefore not so much demand. And just on the follow-up on that, now that you're seeing healthy COVID contribution, at least for the first nine months, do you see that to continue in FY23? Or do you see that COVID contribution would not be a big part in FY23? So we are preparing for that. So all the activities around prevention, whether it's vaccines or products, as well as community treatments, whether it's the products that we had, like Monoprovira and additional products that we are working on, they're meant for that area. Naturally, we don't know how this pandemic will evolve. It's hard to predict how it's going to be, but we are prepared for that. Okay. And in case it doesn't pan out, do we still have growth levers in place to grow on this base? Absolutely. We will continue to grow in the spirit that we have discussed in the past, that we will grow 25%, 25% while financing the business with or without COVID products. This is the extra. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, ladies. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Thank you for taking my question. You just mentioned about double-digit price erosion in the US. Could you give us some color on how this is trending in the quarter, given it was product-specific? Should we see this abating to more normalized price erosion? Any color on that? It should be. So I believe that most of the products that faced erosion were already there, and I don't anticipate – the business model, the transition in the US will continue as it normally does. So the business model will not change. But in terms of the products that were affected by that, I believe that most of the effect is behind us. Understood. And just to understand, given we saw double-digit price erosion in the US, but if you look at our genetics cross margins, they have improved close to about 100 basis points quarter on quarter. Any color on – and despite the fact that we had headlines in terms of raw material costs, et cetera, what drove this improved margins? Yeah, so it is a combination of what I discussed. First of all, it's products which changed the mix, so it's improved mix. Second is productivity activity that we are doing on cost improvement programs and others. And third is market share with the relevant products in which we have better productivity. So we were preparing for this phenomenon, and like I mentioned in my script, we are growing despite of those margins. So I'm not so concerned about that going forward. Understood. And my last question is on the India business. I think you mentioned there was no COVID product contribution. Should I assume there was no contribution from or very little contribution from Sputnik in the quarter? Yes, in quarter two, there was a...

relatively higher demand because it was very much affected at the time by the Delta wave. And in this quarter, luckily there was no such a demand in India. So what we are going to see is the contribution in India of Q2 as well as we are going to see some in Q4 because of the current wave that we are in. But Q3 was very less. And what about the export opportunity for Sputnik? Are we in discussions with the government to allow us to export given that the booster trial will just start, so that is some time away? We can export. We can export the products outside. Both the vaccine as well as the other products. And you have started exporting it in the current quarter or not as yet? In Q3 we did not export COVID products. Understood. Thank you so much. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damyanti Kerai from HSBC Securities and Capital Market. Please go ahead. This question is, can you share your observations on the commodity and raw material price, whether you have seen some kind of moderation compared to second quarter and how do you see this part moving up in next few quarters? Yes, we did see. We saw it in three areas. Some commodity intermediates, especially on that are solving us in the API. The second is in the energy cost, especially coal, a few months ago, especially in India. And the third is on the freight and the shipping cost. All of that we absorbed within the margin. So we countermeasure it with other activities to offset all that. I believe that the trend is behind us in a way that I do not anticipate additional hike in that magnitude. Some of the prices did not go down yet to the original level, but I don't anticipate additional inflation in that magnitude. So broadly we can assume that the peak is over and price might see more moderation from here on. That's not just one can predict. It looks better now. How to predict the pandemic and the geopolitical situation in the world, assuming no other big event, it would be better. Thank you. And my second question is, can you talk a bit about your biosimilar portfolio, which you are working on and which are your target markets for key products? You are talking about COVID? For biosimilars. Biosimilars? Yes. We are targeting globally. We have rituximab, which we have now commercially with most of the emerging markets. And the primary markets for it today is India and Russia. And then we have the rituximab and additional four biosimilars, primarily for emerging markets. In addition to that, we are in the development. As I shared in my script, we signed a deal for rituximab for United States and with Europe we will do it by ourselves. So rituximab is going to be our first global product. And we have right now additional three products in clinical trials as well as additional products that are in the preclinical stage. So overall it's a healthy portfolio that covers us very nicely from about 2024 until 2031, 2032, in which we will launch all of these products. And my last question is, have you heard any update on your Dubada plant from the US FDA? The Dubada plant is with the US FDA as of date. It normally takes 90 days, 90 days are due sometimes next week. So we need to, around that date we will probably get a feedback. We had two milestones to submit certain data as far as part of our commitment to the response to the US FDA of the 843 that we got and we submitted it on time and in full. And we are awaiting the feedback and hopefully to get an AIR for this plant. Excellent. Thank you. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Akash Ganga Investments. Please go ahead. Hello, am I audible? Yes, yes please. Yeah, my first question would be on this pre-filled syringe, which we have talked that that would be mostly be commercialization in Q3 FY22. Can you just update me the status for like what is the right now current situation on that part? Sorry, we couldn't get your question. Can you please repeat? Yeah, sure. So the question is on with the pre-filled syringe, which we have been, will be launching in Q3 FY22. So can you just update me with the status right now? So currently it is with Prezineus. For the US and Europe market, we have a deal with Prezineus and basically they have guided for calendar 2022 launch. So as of now that's the status. Okay, okay. And my second question would be a bit odd, but actually I wanted to understand on that part, whenever we launch the product, what is the average duration at which we can command the premiumization compared to when it becomes you can say a normal or a pricing product? I don't think we will be able to comment on that part. Okay, okay. No, thank you so much. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surya Narayanan from Philip Capital. Please go ahead. Thank you for this opportunity. So just on the pricing erosion situation in the US, what you mentioned, is it largely to doctor specific, that double digit kind of price erosion situation and possibly could be because of more number of para 3 launches by you? Is that the situation or it is broad based double digit kind of price erosion that you have been experiencing in the US? It's the business model in the United States. So naturally every company is facing price erosion. I think the proportion of the price erosion is very much based on how many of your products are facing competition and what is the timing in which the customers are issuing their RFPs. So in our case we had, as we launched let's say in the last three years about 80 products in the United States. So naturally those products by design will face competition. They are a larger proportion out of the entire basket. So that's why percentage per se is less for me at least, indicator of the health of the business. The health of the business the way I dictate it is growth and EBITDA and ROCE. And so far it's pretty healthy and we are maintaining the margins and even growing a little bit in the United States. Despite of that. Sure sir. So the second point is on the let's say US has so far been the dominant revenue contributor and earning contributor for us. But in the recent times we have obviously thought about diversifying our focus towards emerging market, new market like China and all. And also accordingly reducing the R&D spend focus targeted for the US market. So let's say five years down the line, is it fair to believe the share of North America, revenue share of North America will be meaningfully different than what currently it is? Indeed you describe our strategy for the last four years. So we are investing in other markets for growth, both India and emerging markets. And this is providing us by using the same kickstart, it's based on the portfolio, our assets, our knowledge, etc. So this is allowing us more growth, more opportunity and with less risk. And yes, I think it's fair to say that these markets will grow faster than US. So the United States will continue to be an important market for us. I just want to emphasize on it. And we will continue to invest and grow in the United States.

The other markets, emerging markets in India, will grow faster than the United States. So therefore, then the average weight in the United States will decrease, is decreasing already, and will decrease over time. And the capital allocation is done accordingly to the diversification efforts. Okay. Just last one question on this generic revenue. So whether we are thinking, we have already launched the product in Canada, and that is also a kind of influential science market for this product. So whether we have seen the appropriate number or the kind of revenue that the product could have generated out of Canada market, whether we have achieved the right size revenue out of it as of yet, or we will take a longer time to achieve the peak potential out of the market from revenue? Yeah, in Canada it will take a bit longer because in the way that the Canadian process is working, it will be registered in each one of the relevant provinces in Canada. And then each one of them to participate in the relevant sales processes, whether tenders or other mechanisms in which each one of the states is providing. So the process is taking a bit longer. It's not a day one launch that we have seen in the United States in that respect. In any case, the launch in the US and the launch in Canada are unrelated, as the launch in the US is part of the settlement deal, while in Canada is naturally a free market situation. So I would not draw a kind of, it's not the same situation, I would not draw any conclusion from one market to another. Last but not least, we are going to launch this product not just in Canada and in the United States, we are going to launch it also in Europe as well as in some emerging markets. So this is going to be a global product for us. Sure, sir. Okay, thank you. Wish you all the best. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi, thank you very much and good evening to everyone. So the first question is for IcosaPen, which is Vasipa in the US. So good job done on the market share gain. I think it's now stabilizing around 11-12% for last few weeks, you know. So have we reached the peak or, you know, what's the outlook over here? And is it the supply that is holding you back? We, I think we, I think that the product is doing well and we are planning to continue to do well also on the next quarters to come. There is still a lot of markets to gain with this product as the innovators still holding a nice market share. And in terms of supply, it is not constraining us at this stage. So then why is the market share, you know, in early double digit and not much higher if supply is not holding you back? So what's the roadblock? The roadblock is the desire of customer to take the product from us. Okay. But so that's a little counterintuitive because generic is lower cost, lower priced. So most of the time customers are too happy to take generic product. Is anything different over here? No, nothing different. Okay. Okay. That's fine, sir. So the second question is on the Russia-Ukraine business. Given the geopolitical situation, you know, what's your read of the situation? Have you seen any disruption or any problem in a business that you are doing over there? The Ukraine-Russia situation is beyond my paycheck. But we are, we both, Russia is a very important market for us. We'll continue to be an important market for us. And if there will be any, hopefully not, I wish not, but if there will be any adversities, we'll have to accordingly be prepared for it and we are. But I wish that it will be only peace in the world and calmness. So far, have you seen any impact on the business? No. No. No. Okay, great. So one final question, if I may, which is on your health tech platform. You know, is there any update over here? How has been the progress? Anything can share on the physical infrastructure, you know, that you have built, especially for, you know, for online pharmacy fulfillment and diagnostic side? And how many cities have you rolled out? What's the plan going forward for next, you know, four, six quarters? Sure. It is going very nicely. We basically, on the last stages of finishing the pilot, we are now present in five cities, going to 10 cities in the next few weeks. And this will cover, of course, the main cities of India, including Mumbai and Delhi. And accordingly, will be the rollout of the companies that will join these platforms. So our main way to grow this business is by convincing companies to work with us and give treatment to their employees and basically insured by our insurance in this product. And, of course, rolling out a good service by physicians as well as by other vendors to provide excellent service. This is a very, very neat project and I'm very proud of the beginning and we believe in it very much. It's a good thing for us and I believe it's a very good thing for India as a whole. Okay, great. Thank you so much. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shams Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. Just the first one is on the PSAI business. In your opening remarks, Eric, you had mentioned we expect performance to improve quarter on quarter. What's driving that optimism? I remember last quarter we had the issue of inventory destock from some of our customers. So just can you help us understand the dynamics in the PSAI business? Sure. So if we are taking out, let's call it COVID-related behavior by companies and take the business based on its consumption, the main driver of growth will be the launches that will be in the marketplace of FY23, FY24 and FY25 by the customers, both by internal use as well as external use. And if we wish the Pareto, meaning the top products that used to drive this business are going to be changed by products that will be launched in that area, which will be one more profitable and second bigger in their size. This will drive the growth on the base API. PCI is comprised also on our CDMO activities that are slightly picking up and we very much believe in it. So most of the CDM that is done now are with small projects, which are in phase one and early phase two. Naturally, some of these products will come to phase three and beyond that. And of course, service is a growth driver for the CDMO type of the business, which is, as I discussed in the past part of our item two activities, and it's sitting and picking up. The third is we are selling B2B in the PCI and picking up with launches of pharmaceutical products that we are serving in Japan, as well as in some Middle Eastern and African countries. So the combination of the three should grow PCI in the future. Got it. That's very helpful. Is it early days? Can you quantify some of the non-API sections in the PSAI, CDMO or the projects that you are talking about? At this stage, the two sections are not big. We are not going to give yet a specific proportion, but they are not big. But there will be more and more meaningful. And so right now, still most of the PCI comprise of API, of the API processes. And in the case of Q2, it was comprised in some COVID sales as well, which was not a great magnitude in Q2. So some of the sequential trend is related to COVID. Got it. Helpful. Second question is on the Sputnik. I missed some of the early comments. You said you're actively looking to...

make any of some of the early comments. You said you are actively looking to register Sputnik light as a booster, right? And the trial, are we doing it as just to, what's the reason for doing the trial with other vaccines? Yeah, we will have to get approval from the authorities here in India for the protocol of the trial. And based on that, pending that approval of that protocol, we will have a trial with other vaccines. So it will serve as another option, both private as well as the government for a booster in the future. We believe that boosters will be part of our life and we'll have to take it one or twice a year now. And we believe that we want to be ready for that. Got it. Help me with the last question. Again, on your opening remarks, you have now net cash. M&A, can you just help us understand what those therapy areas are or is there a geographical stretch as well? Which are some of the assets or products that you will be looking to acquire? So we are looking for opportunities in all of our spaces, all the geographies. India, naturally, as well as emerging markets, United States and Europe. In all of those geographies, there are now active projects. Some of them can be faster and within the next few weeks, if of course will be concluded. And some of them may be later. The nature of the capital allocation will be the same as we discussed in the past. We are not in the shopping street. We see it as complementary to our organic growth. At the same time, because we have a very comfortable financial situation, we are planning to use that. So now let's see which of the projects will be actually eventually come to conclusion. But likely that we will see multiple deals in the next coming months. Got it. Thank you so much, Alex, and all the best. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Tavgarh from Motilal Oswal Asset Management. Please go ahead. Thanks for the opportunity. So on the Sputnik, you said obviously we have got permission from the government to export. Can you quantify the doses that we are planning to export or we are open to export any amount or there is a restriction? No restrictions. I cannot specify now a specific number, but there are no restrictions that prevent us to export. Okay. But these numbers will be reflected in fourth quarter, you believe so? It depends on the type of approval that we left on the protocol. For example, if Sputnik Light will be approved eventually as a vaccine and subsequently as a booster for other products, then we'll obtain WHO. If all of this will happen, it can create a nice opportunity for us. And of course, the quantities will be accordingly. So it depends, of course, on the type of approval that is relevant for this market at that particular time. Okay. So just to get this thing clear, you cannot export till you get some sort of approvals from various agencies. Is that a right understanding? No, no. We can export, but naturally our customers will not buy a product that is not approved for use in the relevant markets for the relevant patients that are going to use it. So it has to be approved in that specific country for the use either as a vaccine or as a booster. This is where from there will derive the quantities. Okay. But as you understand, this product is approved from most of these Scandinavian countries. So how about that? This is not part of our agreement with the Russians. So this will come directly from Russia, not from us. So this type of markets. Okay. Yeah, got that. So next question was on this spectrum graph team. So earlier participant asked this, but I missed it. So we were supposed to launch in quarter three, right? Through Fresenius Kabi. So we have launched our product or there is a delay? And if the delay is there, why so? I did not get the question, sir. Yeah, so Ashish, basically, as mentioned or indicated, basically calendar 2022 is when they expect to launch the product in both US and Europe markets. So do you say that we are still two, three quarters, probably two, three quarters away from the launch? So they have not specified the quarter, but maybe in next one or two quarters it may happen. But obviously we don't have the specific dates. Okay, fair enough. So just last question on this price erosion in the US. It's been quite a while since we are facing double digit price erosion. But as the investors understood, we felt that by the end of March, the intensity of the price erosion should gradually start coming off. So in your experience and what do you see in the markets, would it be on similar lines? Would you also say that price erosion intensity would eventually come off by end of March? As I mentioned before, it's price erosion and the magnitude of the price erosion is not top down, it's bottom up, meaning it depends on the product that is facing that specific competition. And in our case, most of our portfolio faced it. So likely that we are not going to see another round for these specific products and hence it will probably come down. So it's not a top down, it's a bottom up and that's from there come this level of thought. Hello, Ashish. Mr. Tavkar, do you have any further questions? Mr. Tavkar, can't hear you. Please unmute your line and respond. Let us move on. No response. We take the next question from the line of Shrikant Akolkar from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. Shrikant Akolkar, your line is unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. We can move on. Sure, sir. We take the next question from the line of Kunal Damesha from MK Global. Please go ahead. Thank you for the opportunity again. So on SpectraGraph team, we have seen that the launch is happening in one or two quarters. But have we supplied any initial inventory to Fresenius Kabi or it will happen once the approval comes down? And I assume that it will also take time, right? So just to, as part of the deal, all the rights, all the activities of this product are in the same line. And therefore, we are just having a certain financial arrangement with Fresenius. Once they will go, we will enjoy a stream of value that will come from their launch. So we are not supplying and not involved in the launch and we are not aware of the date. And we are going to be advised by them when they will decide to do that. Okay, sure. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Pailigala from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Yeah, thanks for the follow-up. I hope my voice is audible. There seems to be some disruption. So just one final question. How are you thinking about your injectable portfolio for the U.S. market? As in how many, you know, and has it been filed and are there any complex, you know, long-acting type, you know, microsphere type product, peptide products that you have done the filing? And, you know, when can we start to see the approval cycle begin for these? Yeah, so it's naturally very important to us, not just in the U.S., but also globally. And the answer is yes, we do have this complex generic assets as part of that effort. Some of it took a long time to develop. Some we are still in development. Overall, the injectable and the complex

generic will drive the growth in the United States on the generic part. And it will grow faster than the retail product. Very specifically, have you filed some of these high value complex injectables? We did file some high value complex injectables, yes. Okay, and the PAI done at Dwarka, does it relate to one such product? Some of these products are coming from Dwarka, yes. No, no sir, the question is, is the PAI pre-approval inspection done by FDA, was it related to one such complex large injectable product? The PAI was not related to specific products like that, but naturally when you have a PAI, they are not checking only the specific products, they are checking the entire site. Okay, got it, got it. Thank you so much. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of Alok Dalal from CLSA. Please go ahead. Yeah, good evening. Taking Samir's question forward on Dwarka, would you still expect to grow in the US next year if there is an adverse observation on Dwarka from the FDA? First we hope not to have this adverse effect, and second we at this stage are not looking for scenarios that we don't have besides, but these sites are very, very important for the growth in the United States, not just next year, but also in the years to come. Okay. And any update on Nuvaring internally? Have you decided to go ahead with the launch or drop it? We did not finish all the evaluation, but unlikely that you'll see launch in the next few months. Okay. And lastly, any update on Copaxone? It still imposes. It's now in the FDA court. The ball is in their court, meaning that we have submitted all the relevant information and we are waiting for the response. Again, I believe that at least I don't think likely to see a launch in the next few months. Okay. Thank you very much for taking my question. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you all for joining us today for the earnings call. In case of any further queries, please reach out to the investor relations team. Thank you. Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dr. Reddy's, that concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

