 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dr. Radhi's Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Agarwal, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you. Thank you. Very good morning and good evening to all of you and thank you for joining us today for the Dr. Radhi's Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended December 31st, 2021. Earlier during the day, we have relieved our results and the same are also posted on our website. This call is being recorded and the playback and transcript shall be made available on our website soon. All the discussions and analysis of this call will be based on the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements. To discuss the business performance and outlook, we have the leadership team of Dr. Radhi's comprising Mr. Erez Agarwal, our CEO, Mr. Farag Agarwal, our CFO, and the Investor Relations Team. Please note that today's call is a copyrighted material of Dr. Radhi's and cannot be rebroad-casted or attributed in press or media outlets without the company's expressed written concerns. Before I proceed with the call, I would like to remind everyone that the safe hardware contained in today's press release also pertains to this conference call. Now, I hand over the call to Mr. Farag Agarwal. Over to you, sir. Thank you, Amit, and greetings to everyone. Hope all of you are keeping well. We had yet another part of good performance in terms of year-on-year growth in revenues and profits while maintaining healthy EBITDA margin and generating good cash flows. Let me take you through the key financial highlights for the quarter in a bit more detail. For this section, all the amounts are translated into U.S. dollar at a convenient translation rate of Rs. 74.39, which is the rate as of December 31st, 2021. Consolidated revenue for the quarter is to debt Rs. 5,320 crores, that is U.S. dollar 715 million, and grew by 8% on a year-on-year basis and declined by 8% on a sequential quarter basis. Year-on-year growth has been supported by growth across most of our businesses and was driven by good-based business performance and recent launches. Sequentially, however, our revenues were impacted on a higher base of Q2, which had a higher contribution from COVID-related products and recognition of out-licensing income in our proprietary products business. Consolidated gross profit margin for this quarter has been at 53.8%, which was flat over previous year. However, the margin increased by 40 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Gross margin for the global genetics and TSAI were at 57.8% and 22.5% respectively for the quarter. The SG&A spend for the quarter is to increase 1,541 crores, that is U.S. dollar 207 million, an increase of 7% year-on-year, and a decrease of 3% quarter-on-quarter. The year-on-year increase is in line with our business growth and on account of continued investments in sales and marketing activities for brands in India and emerging markets. As a percentage of sales, our SG&A has been at 29%, which is lower by 20 basis points year-on-year. The R&D spend for the quarter is rupees 416 crores, that is U.S. dollar 56 million, and is at 7.8% of sales. R&D spend increased by 1% year-on-year and declined by 7% quarter-on-quarter. The product development activities continued normally during the quarter, and we continue to build a healthy pipeline of new products across our markets. The EBITDA for the quarter is rupees 1,266 crores, that is U.S. dollar 170 million, and the EBITDA margin is 23.8%. The EBITDA margin for the nine months in this fiscal is at 24% and is closely tracking our exploration target of 25%. Consequently, our profit before tax stood at Rs. 971 crores, that is U.S. dollar 131 million, which is a growth of 242% year-on-year and a decrease of 23% quarter-on-quarter. Adjusted for the environment charges, our profits grew by 10.7% over previous years. Effective tax rate for the quarter has been at 27.2%. We expect our moment ETR to be in the range of 25% to 26%. Profit amount of tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 707 crores, that is U.S. dollar 95 million. The profit ETS for the quarter is Rs. 42.48. Operating working capital decreased by Rs. 512 crores, which is U.S. dollar 69 million, against that on September 3rd, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in receivables of Rs. 616 crores, aided by higher collections. Our capital investment during the quarter stood at Rs. 414 crores, which is U.S. dollar 56 million. The free cash flow generated during this quarter was a net inflow of Rs. 1,274 crores, which is U.S. dollar 171 million. Consequently, we now have a net cash flow plus of Rs. 998 crores, that is U.S. dollar 134 million, as on December 31st, 2021. Foreign currency cash flow hedges in the form of derivatives for the U.S. dollar are approximately U.S. dollar 360 million, largely hedged around the range of Rs. 75.4 to Rs. 78.9 to the dollar, Ruble 5875 million at the rate of Rs. 0.9909 to the ruble, Australian dollars 2.5 million at the rate of Rs. 58.74 to the Australian dollar, and South African Rand 36.9 million at the rate of Rs. 4.97 to South African Rand, maturing in the next 12 months. With this, I now request Aire to take through the key business highlights. Thank you, Parag. A good morning and good evening to everyone. I hope you and your family are all safe and healthy. I am pleased to share that we had a strong financial performance during the quarter without any benefit from one-off or COVID-related sales. We have grown here on here across our key businesses, and both EBITDA and ROC margins are closer to our aspiration and target of 25% each while we continue to invest in our future growth business. We have been able to achieve this despite certain industry-level headwinds, like a higher level of price erosion across the generic segment in the U.S. market, increasing commodity prices, and higher freight costs. This sustained performance shows the resilience we have been able to build with our diversified business model to mitigate such external headwinds. We also generated significant cash flow during the quarter and are now having a net cash surplus, which will enable us to invest for future growth. Let me take you to the key business highlights for the quarter. The reference of these numbers and these sections are in respective local currencies. Our North America generic business recorded sales of $248 million for the quarter, with a year-over-year growth of 6%. However, a sequential quarter declined of 2%. During the quarter, we continued to gain market share for some of our key products, including a recent launch of hyposuppant ethyl subjects. However, the sales were impacted due to price erosion for some of our products and has been a case for the entire sector. And seasonal demand variations for few of our key products. We launched four new products in the United States during this quarter. Our Euro business recorded sales of 47 million euros and was largely flat both year-over-year or in-sequentry. During the quarter, we launched four new products in Germany and one product each in France and Ireland. We are expecting few good launches during the four, which should enable us to return to growth in this market. Our emerging market business recorded sale of 1,154 crores rupees, with a strong year-on-year growth of 20%. Our weather registered a sequential decline of 11%. Within the emerging markets, the Russian business grew by 2% on a year-to-year basis and declined by 18% on a quarter-to-quarter basis in constant currency. As informed earlier, the key-to-performance in Russia was very strong, which supported by seasonal demand and launch of biosimilar Beba season. And the rest of the world market sales were supported by one-off sales of the COVID-related products. During the quarter, we launched 16 new products that caused various emerging markets. Our India business recorded sales of 1,027 crores rupees, with a year-over-year growth of 7% and sequential decline of 10%. Adjusted for COVID-related portfolio sales in previous years, and the last quarter, the base business performance has been fairly strong and in line of mid-expectations. During the quarter, we launched four new products in India market. After our Cuba report of December 2021, we have grown higher than the market at 23.1% on net basis against market growth of 18.1%. Our PCI business recorded sales of 97 million, with a year-over-year growth of 2%, but we questioned a quarter decline of 14%. We expect the performance to improve in the coming quarters. During the quarter, we filed 32 drug master files globally, including two filings made in the United States. We have also filed 22 formulation products across global markets and one ANDA in the United States. As of December 31, 2021, we had 1991 community filings pending for approval within the USFDA, which includes 88 ANDAs and pre-505 BQ NGOs. During the quarter, we have signed a deal with Roselius for commercialization of our biosimilar ituximab in the United States. We are also continuing with global development of five to seven other biosimilar in our portfolio that are in various stages of pre-clinical and clinical development. Earlier during the month, we had launched Mununupravir in India, expanding our portfolio to fight against the ongoing COVID pandemic. We are also working on certain export opportunities in line with the United States and rights obtained from America. As regards to Sputnik, we are now ready with capacities in India. We are working actively with the government of India to register in Sputnik Lite as a vaccine and as a booster dose for Sputnik Lite. We have also submitted proposals to DCGI to conduct trial to test Sputnik Lite as a booster to other vaccines. Sputnik continues to be a viable option for Dr. Redis, for India and other countries. Consistent with our aspiration and healthy balance sheet, M&A remains an integral part of our growth strategy, and therefore we are actively pursuing few deals across our focused geographies. We are progressing well to strengthen the key processes in core businesses and in the digitalization journey. Going forward, we are looking to double down our efforts on very critical and important areas of innovation as well as ESG. There is a good progress to deliver on the short-term and long-term growth levels across our businesses, and we remain committed and optimistic about this. I am pleased to share also the recent recognitions of our efforts toward ESG. In November 2021, we were position number nine among pharma companies in the world in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index 2021. During the quarters, we were also recognized by the UNWEP for gender inclusivity in the workplace. Our FTO-ACZ-PE1 manufacturing plant in Vaisak was honored with the prestigious National Energy Conversation Award by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, Ministry of Power, Government of India. We have been recognized as the most innovative company for the year of 2021 at the CE2 Industrial Innovation Awards 2021. Earlier this month, we won a prestige EPEX Award, Sustainable Corporate of the Year, at the 2021 Frost & Sullivan Terry Sustainability 4.0 Award. As you can see, ESG should continue to remain our focus area, and we are going to increase the reports in that direction. With this, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may please press star, then 1 on the touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star, then 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Anyone who wishes to ask questions, please press star, then 1. The first question is from the line of Kunal Damesha from MK Global. Please go ahead. Good evening, and thank you for giving the opportunity. So the first question is, on the U.S., you have mentioned that the price erosion has been kind of a little bit severe, but if we kind of do a back calculation, is it fair to say on a sequential basis, it's comparing the high-finger to low-double-digit kind of price erosion in the U.S. for this quarter? Yeah, so we did see, I don't see it as a kind of global phenomenon. It's continued to be a product-based situation, but in the U.S., a relatively larger number of our products face competition, and in this respect, on the overall basis, it's more like a double-digit. But despite that, we are still growing. So we managed to offset this erosion with new products, with market share, as well as with productivity activities. So this still remains the issue, and the growth of about, I think, now 9 out of 10 quarters we are growing in the U.S., and this will continue to be a kind of phenomenon also in the future, in which I do see growth. They destroyed in other markets, but we are still going to grow in the U.S. Okay, sure. And secondly, on the COVID-related contribution across our India and emerging markets, what would that be a percentage of revenue for the first nine months? It was primarily in the second quarter, not so much in the third quarter. So third quarter was without a major sales of COVID products. And we will see probably also more in the U.S. So in this respect, let's say the main contribution of this portfolio will be in the second as well as in the fourth, not so much in the third. And in India, there was contribution in first quarter as well, right? It is bent away. In the third quarter, not so much. That's why on a sequential basis, when you compare India, that's why there is a decline, because it was relatively large contribution during the second quarter, but not so much in the third. The second, as you remember, was very much affected by the Delta wave, and this one is the Omicron wave in between. Luckily, there was no another wave, therefore not so much in that. Sure. And just on the follow-up on that, now that you are seeing healthy COVID contribution, at least for the first nine months, do you see that to continue in FY23, or do you see that COVID contribution would not be a big part in FY23? So we are preparing for that. We are preparing for that. So all the activities around the prevention, whether it's vaccines or products, as well as community treatments, whether it's the products that we have, like monopropir and additional products that we are working on, they're meant for that area. Naturally, we don't know how this pandemic will evolve. It's hard to predict how it's going to be, but we are prepared for that. Okay, and in case if it doesn't pan out, do we still have growth levers in place to grow on this day? Absolutely. We will continue to grow in the spirit that we have discussed in the past, that the digit growth 25, 25, while financing the business, with or without COVID products. This is the extra. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Thank you for taking my question. You just mentioned about double-digit price erosion in the U.S. Could you give us some color on how this is trending in the quarter, given it was product-specific? Should we see this abating to more normalized price erosion? Any color on that? It should be. So I believe that most of the products that face erosion were already there. And I don't anticipate the business model that exists in the U.S. will continue as it normally does. So the business model will not change. But in terms of the products that were affected by that, I believe that most of the effect is behind us. Understood. And just to understand, given we saw double-digit price erosion in the U.S., but if you look at our generic cross margins, they seem to have improved close to about 100 basis points, you know, quarter on quarter. And despite the fact that we had headwinds in terms of raw material cost, et cetera, what drove this improved margins? Yes. So it is a combination. It is a combination of what I discussed. First, lots of products which change the mix, so it's improved mix. Second is productivity activity that we are doing on cost-reproven programs and others. And third is market share with the relevant products in which we have better productivity. So we were preparing for ourselves for this phenomenon. And like I mentioned in my script, we are growing despite of those regions. So I'm not so concerned about that going forward. Understood. And my last question, you know, is on the India business. Since you mentioned there was no COVID product contribution, should I assume there was no contribution from, or very little contribution from Sputnik 2 in the quarter? Yes. So in quarter two, there was a, in the quarter two, there was a relatively higher demand because it was very much affected at the time by the Delta wave. And in this quarter, luckily there was no such a demand in India. So what we are going to see is the contribution in India of Q2, as well as we are going to see some in Q4, because of the current wave that we are in. But Q3 was very less. And what about the export, you know, export opportunity for Sputnik? Are we in discussions with the government to, you know, allow us to export, given that, you know, the booster trial will just start, so that will some time away? We will, we can export. We can export the products. I will import the vaccine as well as the, the other products. Okay. And we have started exporting, exporting it in the current quarter or not yet? In Q3, we did not export COVID products. Understood. Thank you so much. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damien Thikarai from HSBC Securities and Capital Market. Please go ahead. The question is, can you share your observations on the commodity and raw material price, whether you have seen some kind of moderation compared to second quarter? And how do you see this, this part moving up in next few quarters? Yes, we did see it. We saw it in, in three areas. Some commodity intermediates, especially on data solving, us in the API. The second is in the energy cost, especially coal, a few months ago, especially in India. And the third is on the freight, on the freight and the shipping cost. All of that we absorbed and are within the mountains. So we, we counter measure it with the other activities to offset all that. I believe that the trend is behind us in a way that I do not anticipate additional hike in that magnitude. Some of the prices did not go down yet to the original level, but I don't anticipate additional inflation in that magnitude of scale. So, very broadly, we can assume that the peak is over and price might see, I'll say, more moderation from here on. As much as one can predict, it looks better now. How to predict the pandemic and the geopolitical situation in the world, assuming no other big event, it should be better for. Thank you. And my second question is, can you talk a bit about your biosimilar portfolio, which you are working on, and which are your target markets for key products? You're talking about COVID? For biosimilars. Biosimilars? Yes. We are targeting globally. We have we have rituximab, which we have now commercially with most of the emerging market and the primary markets for it today is India and Russia. And then we have the bivazuzumab and additional four biosimilars primarily for emerging markets. In addition to that, we are in the development. As I shared in my script, we signed a deal for the United States and with that and with Europe we will do it by ourselves. So rituximab is going to be our first global product and we have right now additional three products in clinical trials as well as additional products that are in the pre-clinical stage. So overall it's a healthy portfolio that covered us very nicely from about 2024 until 2031, 2032 in which we will launch all of these products. And my last question is have you heard any update on your Duvada plant from the USFDA? We did not receive any feedback from the USFDA as of date. we normally it takes 90 days and 90 days are due sometimes next week so we need to around that date we will probably get the feedback. We had two milestones to submit certain data as far as a spark of our commitment to the response to the USFDA of the 8483 that we got and we submitted it on time and in full and we are awaiting the feedback and hopefully to get an EIR for those plans. Excellent. Thank you. I'll get back in the next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Akash Ganga Investments. Please go ahead. Hello. Am I audible? Yes, yes, please. Yeah. So my first question would be on this pre-filled syringe which we have talked that that would be mostly be commercialization in Q3 FI 22. Can you just update me the status for like what is the right now current situation on that part? Sorry, we couldn't get your question. Can you please repeat? Yeah, sure. So the question is on with the pack-filled crash chain which we have the pre-filled syringe which we have been launching in Q3 FI 22. So can you just update me with the status right now? So currently it is with Fresenius for the US and Europe market we have a deal with Fresenius and basically they have guided for calendar 2022 launch. So as of now that's the status. Okay, okay. And my second question would be a bit odd but actually I wanted to understand on that part whenever we launch the product what is the average duration at which we can comment the premiumization compared to when it becomes a normal or a price in product? No, I don't think we will be able to comment on that part. Okay, okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Surya Narayanan from Philip Capital. Please go ahead. Yeah, thank you for this opportunity. So just on the pricing erosion situation in the US what you mentioned, is it largely to doctorate specific that double digit kind of price erosion situation and possibly could be because of more number of Para3 launches by you. Is that the situation or it is broad based double digit kind of price erosion that you have in the US? It's the business model in the United States so naturally every company is facing price erosion. I think the proportion of the price erosion is very much based on how many of your products are facing competition and what is the timing in which the customers are issuing their RFPs. So in our case we had as we launched let's say in the last three years about 80 products in the United States so naturally those products by design will face competition that are larger in proportion out of the entire basket so let's say that's why percentage per se is less for me at least indicator of the health of the business the health of the business the way I dictate it is growth and EBITDA and ROCE and so far it's pretty healthy and we are maintaining the margins and even Boeing a little bit in the United States despite those issues sure so the second point is on the let's say US has so far been the dominant revenue contributor and earning contributor for us but in the recent times we have obviously thought about diversifying our focus towards emerging market new market like China and all and also accordingly reducing the R&D spend focus targeted for the US market so let's say five years down the line is it fair to believe the share of North America revenue share of North America will be meaningfully different than what currently it is indeed you describe our strategy for the last four years so we are investing in other markets for growth in both India and energy markets and this is providing us by using the same fixed assets based on the portfolio assets our knowledge etc so this is allowing us more growth more opportunity and with less risk and yes I think it's fair to say that these markets will grow faster than years so the United States will continue to be an important market for us I just want to emphasize on it and we will continue to invest and grow in the United States the other markets energy markets in the year will grow faster than the United States and therefore then the average weight in the United States will decrease is decreasing already and will decrease over time and the capital allocation is done accordingly to the diversification efforts okay so just last one question on this generic revenue so whether we are seeing we have already launched the product in Canada and that is also a kind of influence in size market for this product so whether we have seen the appropriate number or the kind of revenue that the product could have generated out of Canada market whether we have achieved the right size revenue out of it as a fit or will take longer time to achieve the peak potential out of the market from that you need in Canada it will take a bit longer because in the way that the Canadian process is working to register it in each one of the relevant provinces in Canada and then for each one of them to participate in the relevant sales processes with other mechanisms in which each one of the states is providing the process is taking a bit longer it's not the day one launch that you see in the United States in that respect in any case the launch in the US and the launch in Canada are unrelated as launching the US is part of the settlement deal while in Canada is naturally a free market situation so I would not draw a kind of it's not the same situation I would not draw any conclusion from one market to another last but not least we are going to launch this product not just in Canada and United States we are going to launch it also in Europe as well as in some energy markets so this is going to be a global product for us sure okay thank you thank you the next question is from the line of Samir Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley please go ahead hi thank you very much and good evening to everyone so the first question is for ICOS Append which is in the US so good job done on the market check gain I think it's now stabilizing around 11-12 percent for last few weeks you know so have you reached the peak or you know what's the outlook over here and is it the supply that is holding you back we I think we I think that the product is doing well and we are planning to continue to do well also in the next quarters to come the market share to gain with this product as the innovators still holding a nice market share and in terms of supply it is not constraining us at this stage so then why is the market share in early double digit and not much higher if supply is not holding it back so what's the roadblock roadblock is the desire of customers to take the product from us okay but that's a little counterintuitive because generic is lower cost lower priced so most of the time customers are too happy to take generic product is anything different over here no nothing different okay okay that's fine so the second question is on the Russia Ukraine business given the geopolitical situation you know what's your read of the situation have you seen any disruption or any problem in a business that you are doing over there the Ukraine Russia situation is beyond my paycheck but we are we both Russia is a very important market for us will continue to be important market for us and if there will be any hopefully not I wish not but if there will be any adverse events we'll have to accordingly be prepared for it and we are but I wish that it will be only peace in the world and calmness so far have you seen any impact on the business no no no okay great so one final question if I may which is on your health tech platform you know is there any update over here how has been the progress anything you can share on the physical infrastructure you know that you have built especially for you know for online pharmacy fulfillment and diagnostic side and how many cities have you rolled out what's the plan going forward for next you know four six quarters sure it is going very nicely we basically on the last stages of finishing the pilot we are now present in five cities one to ten cities in the next few weeks and this will cover of course the main cities of India including Mumbai and Delhi and accordingly will be the rollout of the companies that will join this platform so our main way to grow this business is by convincing companies to work with us and give treatment to their employees and basically insured by our insurance in this product and of course rolling out a good service by physicians as well as by under vendors to provide excellent service this is very neat project and I'm very proud of the beginning and believe in it very much it's a good thing for us and I believe it's a very good thing for India I suppose okay great thank you so much thank you the next question is from the line of Shams Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs please go ahead hi good evening and thank you for taking my question just the first one is on the PSAI business in your opening remarks mentioned we expect performance to improve quarter on quarter you know what's driving that optimism I remember last quarter we had the issue of inventory de-stock from some of our customers so can you help us understand the dynamics in the PSAI business sure so if we are taking out let's call it COVID related behavior by companies and take the business based on its consumption the main driver of course will be the launches that will be in the marketplace of April 23 April 24 and April 25 by the customers both by internal users as well as external users and if we wish the Pareto meaning the top products that used to drive these are going to be changed by products that will be launched in that area which will be one more profitable and second bigger in their size this will drive the growth on the base API PCI is comprised also of CDMO activities that are slightly picking up and we very much believe in it so most of the seeding that is done now are with small projects which are in phase one and early phase two make sure some of these products will come to phase three and beyond that and of course serves as a gross driver for the CDMO type of the business which is as I discussed in the past part of our Horizon 2 activities and it's seeding and picking up the third is we are selling B2B in the PCI and picking up with launches of the pharmaceutical products that we are serving in Japan as well as in some Middle Eastern and African countries so the combination of the three should grow PCI in the future got it that's very helpful is it early days or can we quantify some of the non API sections in the PCI CDMO or the projects that you are talking about at this stage the two sections are not big and we are not going to give yet a specific proportion but they are not big but they will be more and more meaningful and so right now still most of the most of the PCI comprise of API of the API per se cells and in the case of Q2 it was comprised of some COVID cells as well which was not in that magnitude in Q2 so some of the sequential trend is related to COVID got it helpful second question is on the Sputnik I missed some of the early comments you said we are actively looking to register Sputnik light as a booster right and the trial we are doing it as just to what's the reason for doing the trial with other vaccines yeah we will we will we have to get approval from the authorities here in India for the protocol of the trial and based on that pending that approval of that protocol we will have a trial with other vaccines so it will serve as another option both private as well as the government for booster in the future we believe that the booster will be part of our life and we have to take it one or twice a year now and we believe that we want to be ready for that got it helpful last question again on your opening remarks you are now net cash M&A can you just help us understand what those therapy areas are or is there a geographical plans as well which are some of the assets or products that you will be looking to acquire so we are looking for opportunities in all of our spaces all the geographies India naturally as well as emerging market United States and Europe in all of those geographies there are now active projects some of them can be faster and within the next few weeks if of course we'll be concluded and some of them maybe later the nature of the capital allocation will be the same as we discussed in the past we are not in the shopping street we see it as complementary to our organic growth at the same time because we have a very comfortable financial situation we are planning to use that so now let's see which of the projects will be actually eventually come to conclusion but likely that we will see multiple deals in the next coming months got it thank you so much and all the best thank you thank you thank you the next question is from the line of Archie Stavkar from Motila Losval Asset Management please go ahead yeah thanks for the opportunity so on the Sputnik you said obviously we have got permission from the government to export can you quantify the doses that we are planning to export or we are open to export any amount or there is a restriction no restrictions I cannot specify now specific number but there are no restrictions that prevent us to export okay but these numbers will be reflected in fourth quarter you believe so it depends on the type of approvals that will afford the product for example if a Sputnik light will be approved eventually as a vaccine and as a booster for other products then we'll obtain WHO if all of this will happen it can create a nice opportunity for us and of course the quantities will be accordingly so it depends of course on the type of approval that is relevant for this market at this particular time okay okay so just to get this thing clear you cannot export till you get some sort of approvals from various agencies is that a right understanding no we can export export export export is we can export but naturally our customers will not buy a product that is not approved for use in the relevant markets for the relevant patients that are going to use it so it has to be approved in that specific country for the use either as a vaccine or as a booster this is where from there we derive the quantities ok but as you understand this product is approved from most of the Scandinavian countries so how about that this is not a part of our agreement with the Russians so this will come directly from Russia not from us to this type of markets ok yeah got that so next question was on this spectrum graph team so earlier participants asked this but I missed it we were supposed to launch in quarter three right through SNAs cabbie so we have launched a product or there is a delay and if the delay is there why so so they have said basically has mentioned or indicated basically calendar 2022 is when they expect to launch the product in both US and Europe markets so do you say that we are still two to three quarters away from the launch so they have not specified the quarter but maybe next one or two quarters it may happen but obviously we don't have the specific dates okay fair enough so last question on this price erosion in the US it's been quite a while since we are facing double digit price erosion but as the investors understood we felt that by the end of March the intensity of the price erosion should gradually start coming off so in your experience and what do you see in the market would you be on similar lines would you also say that price erosion intensity would eventually come off by end of March as I mentioned before it's price erosion and the magnet of the price erosion is not top down it's bottom up meaning it depends on the product that is facing that specific competition and in our case most of our portfolio face it so likely that we are not going to see another round for these specific products and hence will probably come down so it's not a top down it's a bottom up and that from there come this level of thought no response we take the next question from the line of Srikant Akolkar from Asian Market Securities please go ahead Srikant Akolkar your line is unmuted please go ahead with your question we can move on sure sir we take the next question from the line of Kunal Damesha from MK Global please go ahead thank you for the opportunity again so on technical grasping we are seeing that we have been happening next one or two quarter but have we supplied any initial inventory to Presen Skabi or it will happen once the approval comes down and I assume that it will also take time already not supplied so just to strengthen as part of the deal all the rights all the activities of this and therefore we are just have a certain financial arrangement once they will go we will enjoy a stream of value that will come from their launch so we are not supplying and not involved in the launch and we are not aware of the date and we are going to be advised by them when they will decide to do that okay sure thank you yeah thanks for the follow up I hope my voice is audible there seems to be some disruption so just one final question how are you thinking about your injectable portfolio for the US market as in how many you know and has been filed and are there any complex you know long acting type you know micro sport type product peptide products that you have done the filing and you know when can we start to see the approval cycle begin for these yes so it's naturally very important to us not just in the US but also globally and the answer is yes we do have these complex generic assets as part of that effort some of it took long time to develop some are still in development overall the injectable and the complex generic will drive the growth in the United States on the generic part and it will grow faster than the retail product very specifically have you filed some of these high value complex injectables we did file some high value complex injectables yes okay and the PAI done at Duvada does it relate to one such product some of these products are coming from Duvada yes no no sir the question is is the PAI pre-approval inspection done by FDA was it related to one such you know complex large injectable product the PAI was not related to specific products like that but naturally when you have a PAI they are not checking only the specific products they are checking the entire site okay got it got it thank you so much thank you ladies and gentlemen we take the last question from the line of Alok Dalal from CLSA please go ahead yeah good evening taking Samir's question forward on Duvada would you would you still expect to grow in the US next year if there is an adverse observation on Duvada from the FDA first we I love first we hope not to have this adverse effect and and second we at this stage are not looking for scenarios that we don't have these sites but these sites are very very important for the growth in the United States not just next year but also in the future okay and any update on Niva internally have you decided to go ahead with the launch or drop it we did not finish all the evaluation but unlikely that you'll see launch in the next few months all right and lastly any update on Copaxone it's still in process it's now in the FDA court the goal is in their court meaning that we submitted all the relevant information and we are waiting for the response again I believe that at least I don't think likely to see launch in the next few months got okay thank you very much for taking my question thank you ladies and gentlemen that was the last question I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments thanks thank you all for joining us today for the earnings fall in case of any further queries please reach out to the investor relations team thank you thank you very much sir ladies and gentlemen on behalf of dr reddish that concludes this conference we thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines thank you