 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dr. Reddy's QPRI FY22 Earnings Conference
 call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there
 There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
 Should you need assistance during the conference call?
 at least signal an operator.
 by pressing star then zero on your touchstone phone.
 Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 recorded.
 We now hand the conference over to Mr. Amitagarwal, Head of Investor Relations.
 Thanks.
 I'll be right back.
 Thank you for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Thank you.
 Very good morning and good evening to all of you, and thank you for joining us today
 for the Dr. Reddy's, Armin's, for Inference Paul,
 for the quarter ended December 31st, 2021.
 Earlier during the day, we have relieved our results.
 and the same are also posted on our website.
 This call is being recorded and the playback and transcript shall be made available on
 out of it.
 Thank you.
 All the discussions and analysis of this call
 will be based on the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements.
 to discuss the business performance and outlook,
 We have the leadership team of Dr. Reddy comprising Mr. Erez Israeling, our CEO, Mr. Paragar Zerwar, our CFO and the Investor Relations Team.
 Please note that today's call is a copyrighted material of Dr. Reddy's and cannot be re-broadcasted
 are activated in press or media outlets without the company's expressed written consent.
 Before I proceed with the call, I would like to remind everyone that the safe hour contained
 in today's release also pertains to this conference call.
 Now, I hand over the call to Mr. Parath Birva over to you, sir.
 Thank you, Ms. and greetings to everyone.
 All of you are keeping well.
 We had yet another part of good performance in terms of year on year growth and revenues
 and profit while maintaining healthy EBITDA margin and generating both cash flows.
 Let me take you through the key financial highlights for the quarter in a bit more detail.
 For this section, all the amounts are translated into U.S. dollar at a convenient translation
 rate of rupees 74.39, which is the rate as of December 31, 2021.
 The Solidarity's Revenue for the quarter stood at 505,320 crores, that is US$715 million,
 and grew by 8% on year-on-year basis.
 and declined by 8% on a sequential order basis.
 year on year growth has been supported by growth across most of our businesses and was driven
 by output based business performance and recent launches.
 Sequentially, however, our revenues were impacted on a higher base of Q2, which had a higher
 contributions of positive product and because mission of
 out licensing income in our proprietary products business.
 Consolidated gross profit margin for this quarter has been at 53.8 percent, which is flat over previous year.
 However, the margin increased by 40 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis.
 growth margin for the global direct and PFAI, whereas 57.8 percent and 22.5 percent respectively
 for the quarter.
 The urgent expense for the quarter is to pay 1,541 crores.
 that is used over 207 million, an increase of 7% year on year and a decrease of 3% quarter
 The year-on-year increase is in line with our business growth and on account of continued
 investment in sales and marketing activities for brands in India and emerging markets.
 As a percentage of sales, our SG&A has been at 29% which is lower by 20 business points
 year.
 The R&D spent for the quarter is Rs. 460 crores, that is, Rs. 56 million, and is at 7.8% of sales.
 R&D spends increased by one percent year on year and declined by seven percent quarter
 on quarter.
 The product development activities continue normally during the quarter and we continue
 to build a healthy pipeline of new products across our markets.
 The EBITDA for the quarter is rupees 1266 crores, that is US dollar 170 million, and the EBITDA
 margin is 23.8%. The azina margin for the 9 months in this fiscal is at 24% and is closely
 tracking our expiration target of 25%. Consequently, our profit before that stood at Rs 971 crores
 that is US$1.71 million which is a growth of 242% year on year and a decrease of 23%
 quarter-on-quarter. Adjusted for the environment targets, our profits grew by 10.7% over previous
 effective tax rate for the quarter has been at 27.2%. We expect our normal ETR to be in
 It's up to 25 to 26%.
 Lock it out on the deck for the quarters.
 a total of Rs. 717 crores that is US$95 million, the total GPS per quarter is Rs. 42.48.
 Operating working capital decreased by will be 520 crores, which is your dollar 69 million.
 against that on September, certainly 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease
 in receivables of Rs. 616 crores, aided by higher collections.
 Our capital investment during the quarter stood at between 414 crores, which is $1.66 million.
 The free cash flow generated during this quarter was a net inflow of rupees 1274 crores which
 which is US$1.71 billion.
 Consequently, we now have a net-cap surplus of rupees 998 crores, that is mere $134 million,
 as on December 31, 2021. Foreign currency cash flow hedges in the form of derivatives for the U.S.
 dollar approximately US dollar 360 million, largely held around the range of the B-75.4
 0.4 to the piece 78.9 to the dollar, it will 575 billion at the rate of 0.9909 to the rule
 Australian dollars two and a half million and the rate of rupees 58.74 to the Australian
 dollars and South African brand 36.9 million at the rate of rupees 4.97 to South African
 end.
 in the next 12 months.
 with this I now request area to take through the key business highlights.
 Thank you, Parag.
 a good morning and good evening to everyone.
 I hope you and your family are all safe and healthy.
 I'm pleased to share that we had a strong financial performance during the quarter without
 any benefit for one opt or COVID related sales. We have grown near or near across our key businesses
 and both EBITDA and our CMOSG are closer to aspiration and target for 25% each, while
 continue to invest in our future growth business. We have been able to
 are due to this spike, certain industry-level headlays, like a higher level of price erosion
 and of course the generic segment in the U.S. market,
 increasing commodity prices and higher freight costs.
 The sustained performance shows the resilience we have been able to build without a diversified
 business model to mitigate such external edwards.
 We also generate a significant cash flow during the quarter and are now having a net
 Kishoplas, which will enable us to invest for future growth.
 Let me take you to the key business highlights for the quarter.
 The reference of these numbers in these sections are in respective local currencies.
 Our North America generic business recorded sales of $248 million for the quarter with
 with a euro very gross of six percent.
 either a sequential quarter decline of 2%.
 During the quarter, we continue to gain market share for some of our key products, including
 and we'll see you soon.
 Bye.
 field subjects.
 However, the sales were impacted due to price of oxygen for some of our products and has
 to be in the case for the entire sector.
 and seasonal demand variations for few of our key products.
 We launched four new products in the United States during this quarter.
 Are your business recorded sales of 47 million euros and will largely reflect both ear-over-ear
 During the quarter, we launched four new products in Germany, and one product each in France
 in Ireland.
 We are expecting fewer good loans during Q4, which should end the last return to growth
 in these markets.
 Our emerging market business will call the sale of 1,154 Coal's rupees with a strong
 year on these goals of 20%.
 However, registered a sequential decline of 11% within the emerging markets, the Russian
 business rule by 2% when they're able to do their basis and decline by 80% on the
 the quarter, the quarter basis in constant equivalency.
 I performed earlier the Q2 performance in Russia,
 was very strong, which supported the seasonal demand
 and not show by signal.
 and the rest of the world market sales were supported by one of the sales of the COVID-related
 products.
 during the quarter is on 60 new products across various emerging markets.
 Our India business reported sales of 1,027 crore rupees with a year-over-year growth of
 7% in sequence and decline of 10%.
 adjusted for COVID-related portfolio sales in previous years
 In the last quote, there are the basicist performances
 with fairly strong and in line with expectations.
 During the quarter, we launch four new products
 in the market,
 I'll spare a cue the report of December 2021.
 We have grown higher than the market at 23.1% on net basis.
 I guess market growth of 18.1%.
 Our PCI business recorded sales of $97 million
 The euro goes up to 2%, but the quarter decline of 14%.
 we expect the performance to improve in the coming quarters.
 During the quarter, we filed 32 drag master files globally, including two filing made
 in the United States.
 First of all, it's going to be two formulation products,
 because global markets and one under in the United States.
 Now, as of December 31st, 2021, we had 1991 immunity filing
 spending for approval within the U.S. of the 8, which includes 88 standards and 3.5.5.2.
 During the court, the U.S.
 That'll be it.
 deal which was used for commercialization of our biosimilarism in the United States.
 We are also continuing with global development of 5 to 7 other biosimilar in our portfolio
 that are in various stages of pre-clinical and clinical development.
 Earlier during the month, we had launched a new program in India, expanding our portfolio
 to fight against the ongoing COVID pandemic.
 We are also working on certain export opportunities in line with the necessary rights obtained
 for members.
 to Sputnik, we are now ready with capacities in India.
 We are working actively with the government of India to register and split the flight
 as a vaccine and as a booster of a dose for sputnik week.
 We have also submitted proposals to this IGI to conduct trial
 to test put in life as a booster to other vaccines.
 Sputnik continue to be viable option for Dr. Redis, for India, and other countries.
 consistent with our aspiration and healthy balance sheet,
 M&I remains an integral part of our growth strategy, and therefore we are actively pursuing
 few days across our focus geographies. We are progressing well to strengthen the
 and key processes, and core businesses.
 and in the digitalization journey.
 going forward, we are looking to dab them down,
 our efforts on very critical and important areas of innovation, as well as ESG.
 There is a good progress to deliver on the short-term and long-term growth levels across
 of businesses and remain committed and optimistic about this.
 I'm pleased to share also the recent recognition of our efforts toward ESG.
 In November 2021, we will position number nine among former company in the world in the
 your own sustainability index 3021.
 During the quarters, we were also recognized by the UNWP
 for gender inclusivity in the workplace.
 Our FTO-SZP-1 manufacturing plant in Weissach was honoured with the prestigious National
 Energy Conversation Award by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency,
 Ministry of Power, the government of India.
 We have been recognized as the most innovative company for the year of 2021 at the CE2 Industrial
 motivation, the Innovation Awards 2021.
 Earlier this month, we won a prestige apex award,
 Sustainable Corporate of the Year,
 the 2021 Frost in Sallivan, very sustainable, 4.0 world. As you can see, LG should continue
 to remain our focus area, and we are going to increase the report in that direction.
 With this, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers.
 Thank you very much sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 who wishes to ask a question may please press star then one on the touchstone
 telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star
 Then two, participants are requested to use
 answers while asking a question.
 Anyone who wishes to ask questions, please press star, then 1.
 The first question is from M.K. Global. Please go ahead.
 Good evening and thank you for doing the opportunity.
 So the first question is on the US, you have mentioned that the price evolution has been
 kind of a little bit severe, but if you kind of do a back calculation, is it fair to say
 on a sequential basis, it's somewhere in the high finger to load the burglary, this kind
 of icy ocean in US, of this water?
 Yeah, so we
 We did see, I don't see it as a kind of global phenomenon, it's continuing to be a product-based
 situation, but in the in Q4, a relatively a larger number of products, space competition,
 the investors work on the overall basis, it's more like a double digit, but despite that
 were still growing. So we managed to offset this erosion with new products, with market
 chair, as well as with the productivity activities.
 So this is still remain the issue and the growth of about, I think, now nine hours of
 10 quarters we are going in the U.S. And this will continue to be a kind of the phenomenon
 also in the future, in which I do see growth and the disorder in other mountains, but
 you're still going to go on United States.
 Okay.
 Sure.
 Secondly, on these COVID related contributions across our India and emerging markets, what
 had to be a percentage of revenue for the first nine months?
 It was primarily in the second quarter, not so much in the third quarter.
 So, South Water was without a major sales of COVID products.
 And the...
 And we will see probably also more in the EU4.
 So in this respect, let's say, the main contribution of this portfolio will be in the second, as
 as well as in the fall, not so much in the fall.
 And in India, there was contribution
 in the first quarter not so much that's why on the sequential basis when you compare in
 That's why it's very, very declined because it was relatively large competition during
 in the second quarter, but not so much in the third.
 The second day, as you remember, was very much affected by the Delta wave, and this one is
 the Omicron wave in between, luckily there was no another wave, therefore not so much
 Thank you very much.
 Sure, and just on the follow-up on that, you know, now that the other thing has been
 COVID contribution at least for the past nine months.
 Do you see that to continue in FY20C or do you see that COVID contribution will not be a big part in FY20C?
 So, we are preparing for that, we are preparing for all the activities around the prevention
 whether it's vaccines or products, as well as community treatments, whether it's the
 products that we have like monotone here and additional products that we are working on.
 They are meant for that area.
 Naturally, we don't know how this epidemic will evolve.
 It's how to predict how it's going to be, but we are prepared for this.
 Okay.
 And in case that...
 If it doesn't pan out, do we still have growth levers in place to grow on this base?
 Absolutely.
 We will continue to grow in the spirit that we have discussed in the past, that the digital
 25, 25, while financing the business.
 We know without coding programs.
 This is the next stop.
 OK.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Dave.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuriya from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 you just mentioned about double digit tri-zero in the US. Could you give us some color on how
 this is trending in the quarter, given it was product specific, should we see this abating
 to more normalized cryo erosion, you know, any color on that?
 It should be.
 So I believe that most of the products that face the rosin were already there and I don't
 The business model that exists in the US will continue as it's normally does, so the business
 model will not change.
 But in terms of the products that were affected by that,
 I believe that most of the effect is behind us.
 And, you know, just to understand, given, we saw doubles the price erosion in the US,
 But if you look at, you know, our generic cross margins,
 They seem to have improved close to about 100 basis points, you know, quarter on quarter.
 color and, you know, despite the fact that we had headwinds in terms of raw material cost, etc.
 What drove this improved margins?
 Yeah, so it is a combination
 It is a combination of what I discussed, first launch of the products which change the mix,
 So it's important, next.
 The second is productivity activity that we are doing and costly proven for the programs
 and others and serve this market share with the relevant products in which we have better
 for the pivoting.
 So we were preparing for ourselves for this phenomenon.
 And like I mentioned in my script,
 we are going to be back to those agreements then.
 So.
 and
 So I'm not so concerned about that going forward.
 Understood.
 And my last question, you know, is on the India business.
 Thank you.
 there was no, you know, COVID product contribution.
 should I assume there was no contribution from,
 or very little contribution from Sputnik tool in the quarter?
 Yes, sir.
 There was a quarter-two, there was a...
 In the quarter two there was relatively a higher demand because it was very much affected
 is assigned by the different ways.
 And in this quarter, luckily, there was no such demand in India.
 So what we are going to see is the contribution in India in Q2, as well as we are going to
 to see some in Q4 because of the current rate that we are in.
 but Q3 was very less.
 And what about the export, you know, export opportunity for Sputnik?
 Patnik, are we in discussions with the government to allow us to export, given that the booster
 The trial will just start, so that will sometime away.
 We can't export.
 we can explore the products, both the vaccine as well as the other products.
 Okay.
 And we have started exporting it in the current quarter or not yet?
 In Q3, we do not export COVID products.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Damienti Karai from HSBC Securities and Capital Market.
 Please go ahead.
 The question is, can you share your observations on the commodity and raw material price, whether
 you have seen some kind of moderation compared to second quarter and how do you see this
 this part moving up in next few quarters.
 Yes, we did see it. We saw it in three areas, some commodity intermediates, especially on
 a little bit.
 I'm sorry, we're not in the API.
 The second is in the energy cost, especially coal,
 a few months ago, especially in India.
 and the service on the freight and the shipping cost.
 All of that we absorbed within the mountains, so we countermeasure it with the other activities
 to offset all that.
 I believe that the trend is behind us in a way that I do not anticipate additional hike
 like in that moment.
 Some of the prices did not go down yet to the original level, but I don't anticipate additional inflation in that magnitude.
 So very broadly, we can assume that the peak is over and price might see, I'll say, more
 moderation from here on.
 As much as one can predict, it looks better now.
 how to predict the pandemic and the geopolitical situation in the area, assuming no other big
 And my second question is can you talk a bit about your biosimilar portfolio which you
 you are working on and which are your target markets for key products?
 For biosimilars?
 Biosimilars?
 Yes, we are targeting globally.
 We have the, we have Rituximab, which is, we have now it commercially with most of the
 as a market, and the primary market for it today is India and Russia.
 And then we have the business map and the additional four biosimilars primarily for
 in the market. In addition to that, we are in the development. As I shared in my script,
 We signed a deal for the United States, and with that, and with Europe, we will do it
 by ourselves. So Rituximab is going to be our first global product and we have right now
 additional three products in clinical trials, as well as additional products that are in
 in a preclinical stage.
 a healthy portfolio that cover us very nicely from about 2024 until 2031, 2032, in which
 we will launch all of these products.
 My last question is, have you heard any update on your Dubada plant from the U.S.F.K?
 We did not receive any feedback from the USFDA as of today.
 And we normally take 90 days and 90 days of view sometimes next week, so we need to
 around it
 date, we'll probably get a feedback.
 We had the two milestones to submit certain data
 as part of our commitment to the response to the USFDA of the 842s that we got and we
 submitted it on time and in full and we are awaiting the feedback and hopefully to get
 the new yall for this place.
 That's it.
 Thank you. I'll get back in the queue.
 The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Akash Ganga Investments, please
 Go ahead.
 Hello everyone.
 Yes, yes, please.
 Yeah.
 Awesome.
 my first question would be on this pre-filled syringe which we have talked that that would
 be mostly be commercialization in Q3FI 22. Can you just update me the status for like
 What is the right now current situation on that part?
 Sorry, we couldn't get your question. Can you please repeat?
 Sure.
 So the question is on with the pad fill graph chain, which we have the pre-filled syringe,
 we have been will be launching in Q3FI 22. So can you just update me with the status
 right now.
 Good.
 So currently it is a prison year for the U.S. and Europe market we have a deal with prison
 And basically, they have, I think, guided for calendar 2022 launch.
 No, so we are not now that specific.
 Okay, okay.
 And my second question would be a bit odd but actually I wanted to understand on that
 Thank you.
 whenever we launch the product, how, what is the average duration at which we can command
 the premiumization compared to when it becomes a you can say a normal or a price in product.
 No, I don't think we will be able to comment on that part.
 Okay, okay, no issue. Thank you, thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Surya Narayanan from Philip Capital. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you for this opportunity. So just on the pricing, you know, the situation in the U.S.
 that's working in turn.
 And is it largely to doctorally specific that double digit kind of prize erosion situation
 And possibly could be because of more number of para-3 launches by you.
 Is that the situation or it is broad-based, double-digit kind of price erosion that you
 We have the chance for any of us.
 It is the business model in the United States, so naturally every company is facing pressure
 on you.
 the proportion of the tricellular gene is very much based on how many of your products
 are facing competition and what is the timing in which the customers are issuing the other
 peace. So in our case, we had as we launched, let's say in the last two years, about 84
 that the United States, so naturally,
 Those products by design would face competition.
 the larger in proportion out of the entire basket.
 So let's say that's what percentage per se is less for me,
 in the case of the health of the business, the health of the business, the way I depicted
 is growth and EBITDA and ROCE and so far it's pretty healthy and we are maintaining the
 the mountains and even going into the United States, despite those
 Sure.
 So, the second point is on the, let's say, e-waste has so far been the dominant revenue
 contributor and learning contributor for us but in the recent times we have obviously thought about
 diversifying our focus towards emerging market, new market like China and all, and also accordingly
 reducing the R&D spend focus targeted for the US market.
 So that's a five year down the line.
 is it fair to believe that the share of North America,
 revenue share of North America will be meaningfully different
 than what currently it is.
 We did you describe our strategy for the last four years and so we are investing in other
 markets for growth in India, animals, and markets.
 And this is providing us by using the same fixed assets, based on the portfolio of assets
 our knowledge, etc. So this is allowing us more goals, more opportunity, and we'd
 And yes, I think it's going to say that these markets will grow faster than years.
 So the United States will continue to be an important market for us and just want to emphasize
 on it.
 And we will continue to invest and grow in the United States.
 And the other markets, the emerging market in New York will go faster than the United
 So therefore, then, the average weight, in that case,
 sets will decrease if decreasing already and will decrease over time and the capital
 location is done accordingly to the diversification efforts.
 Okay, so just ask one question there on this generic
 So, whether we are seeing, see, we have already launched the product in Canada and that is
 also a kind of influence in science market for this product. So, whether we have seen
 the appropriate number of or the kind of revenue that the product could have generated out
 of the Canada market. Whether we have achieved the right size revenue out of it as a fit or
 We will take longer time to achieve the peak potential out in the market from this unit
 Canada, it would take a bit longer, because in the way that the Canadian process is working
 in each one of the relevant provinces in Canada, and then for each one of them to participate
 to participate in the relevant sales processes with the tenders or other mechanism in which
 each one of the states is providing, so the process is taking a bit longer, it's not the
 day one launch that you have seen in the United States in this respect. In any case, the launch
 the U.S. and the launch in Canada are unrelated as the launch in the U.S. is part of the settlement
 deal, while in Canada is naturally a free market situation.
 So I would not draw a kind of, it's not the same situation.
 and I would not draw any conclusion to one market to another.
 Last but not least, we are going to launch this product,
 not just in Canada and the United States,
 We are going to launch it as a new as well as in the emerging markets.
 So this is going to be a deal by public thoughts.
 Thank you.
 Sure, I'll see you.
 Okay, thank you.
 wish you all the best.
 The next question is from the line of Samid Baishiwala from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you very much and good evening to everyone.
 So the first question is for Aikosa Pank, which is the Vasika in the U.S.
 So good job done on the market shake game. I think it's not stabilizing around 11-12 percent
 for last few weeks, you know, so have we reached the peak or, you know, what's the outlook
 over here and is it the supply that is holding you back?
 We, I think we, I think that the product is going well and we are planning to continue
 to do well also in the next quarters to come.
 and
 There is still a lot of marks to gain with this product as the innovator is still holding
 a nice small picture.
 And in terms of supply, it is not constraining a service stage.
 This is then why is the market share, you know, in early double digit and not much higher if supply is not holding it back.
 So what's the roadblock?
 The roadblock is the desire of customers to take the product from us.
 Okay, but so that's a little counterintuitive because generic is lower cost, lower price,
 So most of the time, customers are too happy to take generic product.
 Is anything different over here?
 No, nothing different.
 Okay, okay, that's fine.
 So the second question is on the Russia-Ukraine business, given the geopolitical situation,
 You know, what's your read of the situation?
 Have you seen any disruption or any problem in a business
 that you are doing over there.
 The Ukraine-Russia situation is beyond my paycheck.
 But we are, we both, Russia is a very important market for us, we continue to be a very important
 market for us and if there will be any, hopefully not, I wish not, but if there will be any
 I'd better say that we'll have to accordingly be prepared for it and we are, but I wish
 that it will be only peace in the world and calmness.
 So far, have you seen any impact on the business?
 No
 No, no
 Okay.
 Okay, great.
 one final question, if I may, which is on your health
 tech platform. Is there any update over here? How has been the progress? Anything can share
 on the physical infrastructure, you know, that you have built, especially for, you know,
 for online pharmacy fulfillment and diagnostic side,
 And how many cities have you rolled out?
 What's the plan going forward for next, you know,
 four, six quarters.
 So, it is going very nicely.
 We basically, on the last stages of finishing the pilot, we are now present in five cities
 one to 10 cities in the next few weeks and this will cover of course the main cities
 of India, including Mumbai and Delhi, and accordingly will be the rollout of the companies
 that will join these platforms or our main way to grow these businesses by convincing
 the companies to work with us and give treatment to their employees and basically insured by
 by our insurance in this format.
 And of course, rolling out a good service by physicians,
 as well as by other vendors to provide excellent service.
 This is a very, very neat project, and I'm very proud of the beginning, and I believe
 They believe in it very much.
 It's a good thing for us and I believe it's a very good thing for India as a whole.
 Okay, great. Thank you so much.
 Thank you
 The next question is from the line of
 Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
 Good evening and thank you for taking my question.
 Just the first one is on the PSAI business.
 In your opening remarks, Rachel had mentioned we expect a performance to improve quarter
 from quarter, you know, what's driving that optimism?
 I remember last quarter we had the issue
 to inventory these talks from some of our customers.
 So just can you help us understand the dynamics
 in the PSI business.
 So if there are any other things we can get them to do,
 checking out the, let's call it COVID related behavior by companies and taking the business
 space on its consumption, the main driver, of course, will be the launchers that will
 be in the marketplace of f.23, f.24, and f.25 by the customer, both by internal users
 for the external use.
 And if we wish the Pareto, meaning the top products that used to drive this were going
 to be changed by products that will be launched in that area, which will be one more profitable
 and second bigger in their size, this will drive the growth on the base API.
 PCI is comprised also of CVM activities that are slightly picking up and we very much believe
 Even it's most of the seeding that is done now are with small projects, which are in
 in phase one, in early phase two,
 Naturally, some of these products will come to page 3 and beyond that, and of course,
 as a growth driver for the CDMO type of the business, which is, as I discussed in the
 the best part of our rise in two activities
 and it's sitting and picking up.
 The sales is, we are selling B2B in the PCI and speaking up and with launches of the
 pharmaceutical products that we are serving in Japan, as well as in some Middle Eastern
 in African countries.
 the combination of the three should grow in the future.
 Got it.
 that's very helpful.
 Is it early days or can we quantify some of the non-API sections in the PSAI, see there
 and more of the projects that you're talking about.
 At this stage, the two sections are not big,
 We are not going to give you a specific portion, but there are not people.
 There will be
 but there will be more and more meaningful and the, so right now, still most of the,
 most of the PCI comprised of API, of the API process cells,
 And in the case of Q2, it was comprised of some COVID tests as well,
 So, which was not the late death magnitude in Q2.
 So some of the sequential trend is related to COVID.
 Got it.
 helpful.
 The second question is on the Patnik. I missed some of the early comments. You said that actively
 looking to register sputnik light as a booster, right?
 and the trial, we are doing it as just to,
 What's the reason for doing the trial with other vaccines?
 Yeah, we will land.
 We will have to get approval from the authorities here in India for the protocol of the trial
 And based on this finding that the fall of this protocol,
 we will have a trial with other vaccines,
 So it will serve as another option.
 as well as the government of Booster in the future.
 We believe that the bush terms will be part of our life and we'll have to take it one or twice a year now.
 And we believe that we want to build a project.
 Got it.
 helpful.
 That is the last question.
 Again, on the opening remarks, you are now net cash.
 Emily, can you just help us understand what those therapy areas are or is there a geographical
 clients as well, which are some of the assets or products that you will be looking to acquire.
 So, we are looking for opportunities in all of our spaces, all the geographies, India and
 Naturally, as well as the emerging market, United States and Europe, in all of those
 to build up the RML active projects.
 Some of them can be faster and within the next few weeks, if of course we'll be concluded.
 and some of them maybe later, the nature of the traffic
 location will be the same as we discussed in the past. We are not in the shopping street.
 we see it as complementary to our organic growth. At the same time, because we have a very
 In the costable financial situation, we are planning to use this.
 So now let's see which of the projects will be actually
 eventually come to a conclusion.
 but likely that we will see multiple deals in the next coming months.
 Got it. Thank you so much. I'm all the best. Thank you. Thank you
 The next question is from the line of Archie Stavkar from Motilla Los Vuelos Set Management.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks for the opportunity.
 So on the sputnik you said obviously we have got permission from the government to export.
 Can you quantify the dosage that we are planning to export or we are open to export any amount
 I thought that is a restriction.
 No restrictions. I cannot specify now a specific number, but there are no restrictions that prevent us to export.
 Okay, but these numbers will be reflected in fourth quarter, you believe so?
 It depends on the type of the products that we level the products.
 For example, if a sputnik light will be appalled eventually,
 as a vaccine, and the fact that we're going to do it as a booster,
 supplemented as a booster for other products, then we will obtain WHO, if all of this will
 happen, it can create a nice opportunity for us. And of course, the quantities will be
 accordingly. So it depends, of course, on the type of approval that is relevant for this
 mouth at this particular time.
 So just to get this thing clear, you cannot export till you get some sort of approval from various agencies.
 Is that a right understanding?
 No, no.
 We can export, export is, we can export, but naturally our customers will not buy a product
 that is not approved for use in the relevant markets
 And for the relevant patients that are going to use it.
 So it has to be approved in that specific country for the use either as a vaccine or as a booster.
 This is where the, from there we derive the quantities.
 Okay.
 But as you understand, this product is approved from most of the Scandinavian countries.
 So how about that?
 This is not a part of our agreement with the Russians, so this will come directly from
 Thank you for watching.
 God bless you.
 to this type of knowledge.
 Okay, yeah, got that. So next question was on the spectral graph team. So earlier participants asked
 to this but I missed it so we were supposed to launch in quarter three right through freshness
 So we have launched a product called there's a delay and if the delay is there, why so?
 I did not get the question sir.
 Yeah, so actually basically Fresenius has mentioned or indicated basically calendar 2022 is when
 Is there anything you expect to launch the product in both the U.S. and the U.S. market?
 So, so do you say that we are just, we are still two, two, three quarters, two, probably
 two, three quarters away from the launch?
 So, they have not specified the quarter, but maybe next one or two quarters it may happen,
 so obviously we don't have the specific dates.
 Okay.
 So this last question on this price erosion in the US, it's been quite a while since we
 up facing double-digit price erosion. But as investors understood, we felt that by the
 end of March the intensity of the price erosion should gradually start coming off so in your
 experience and what do you see in the market? Would you be on similar lines? Would you also
 say that size origin intensity would eventually come off by end of March.
 As I mentioned before, it's a price erosion and the magnitude of the price erosion is
 It's not top down, it's bottom up, meaning it depends on the product that is facing
 best physical competition. And in our case, most of our portfolio faced it. So, likely,
 So, likely, we are not going to see another round for these specific products, and there
 of NMS will probably come down.
 So it's not a top down, it's a bottom up, and that's from there come this level of thought.
 Hello.
 Uh, Mr. Thakur, do you hear me?
 Do you have any further questions?
 Mr. Taukar can't hear you. Please unmute your line at this point.
 Let us move on.
 No response.
 We take the next question from the line of Srikanth Akolkar from Asian Market Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Just recall the cold career line is unmuted.
 Please go ahead with the question.
 We can move on.
 We'll take the next question from the line of Kunal Damesha from MK Global, please go
 ahead.
 Thank you for the opportunity again.
 So, on technical grasping, we are seeing that the launch can happen in the next one or two
 But have we supplied any initial inventory to a previous copy, or it will happen once
 the approval comes out. And I assume that it will also take time. It's already not
 So just to stress, as part of the deal, all the rights, all the activities, all the things,
 And therefore, we have just had a certain financial arrangement with those who once
 they will go, we will enjoy an extreme of the value that will come from their lunch.
 So we are not supplying and not involving the launch
 and we are not aware of the date,
 and we are going to be advised by them
 when they will decide to do that.
 Okay, sure, thank you.
 The next question is from the line of some use by Ciwala from Morgan Stanley.
 Yeah, thanks for the follow-up.
 I hope my voice is audible.
 There seems to be some disruption.
 So just one final question.
 How are you thinking about your injectable portfolio
 for the U.S. market, and then how many, you know,
 and has been filed.
 And are there any complex long-acting type, you know,
 Microsoft type of product,
 website products that you've done the filing and when can we start to see the approval
 cycle and begin for these.
 Yes, so it's naturally very important to us not just in the U.S. but also globally.
 And the answer is yes, we do have this complex generic asset as part of that effort, some
 Some of it took a lot of time to develop, some were still in development, other all
 and the injectable and the complex generic will drive the growth in the United States
 on the generics and it will go faster than the RICL product.
 Very specifically, have you filed some of these high value complex injectables?
 We did file some high-value complex in just about this.
 Okay, and the PAI done at Duvada, does it relate to one such product?
 Some of these products are coming from Dubai, yes.
 No, no, sir. The question is, is the PAI pre-approval inspection done by FDA, was it related to one such, you know, complex, large injectable product?
 The P.E.I. was not related to specific products like that, but naturally when you have a P.E.I.,
 We are not checking only the specific products, we are checking the entire site.
 Okay, got it, got it.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of Alok Dalal from CLSA, please
 Please go ahead.
 I have good evening taking some of these questions forward on Buwada, would you would you still
 expect
 expect to grow in the U.S. next year if there is an adverse observation on Duvada from
 in the FDA?
 First we, I love the, first we hope not to have this adverse effect.
 And the second we are at this stage are not looking for scenarios that we don't have these sites.
 But these sites are very, very important for the growth in the United States and just next
 But I'm sure we'll be able to do that.
 OK.
 And any update on Neewaring internally?
 have you decided to go ahead with the launch or drop it?
 We did not finish all the evaluation, but unlikely that you'll see launch in the next few months.
 All right, and and lastly any update on co-pattern?
 it's still impossible. It's now in the FDA court. The goal is in their court, meaning
 that we submitted all the relevant information.
 And we are waiting for the response.
 Again, I believe that at least I don't
 see it likely to see a launch in the next few months.
 Got it.
 Okay, thank you very much for taking my question.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question.
 I now hand the conference over to the management
 for closing comments.
 Thank you all for joining us today for the earnings call in case of any further queries
 Please reach out to the investor relations team.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, and behalf of Dr. Reddy's, that concludes this conference.
 We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.