 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dr. Reddy's Q3 FY22 earnings conference call.
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode
 and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
 Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone.
 Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Agarwal, Head of Investor Relations.
 Thank you and all of you.
 Thank you.
 very good morning and good evening to all of you
 and thank you for joining us today
 for the doctorate earnings conference call
 for the quarter ended December 31st, 2021.
 Earlier during the day, we have released our results, and the same are also posted on our website.
 This call is being recorded and the playback and transcript will be made available on our
 Thank you.
 All the discussions and analysis of this call will be based on the IFRS consolidated financial statements.
 To discuss the business performance and outlook, we have the leadership team of Dr. Reddy, comprising Mr. Erez Israeli, our CEO, Mr. Farag Erzerwal, our CFO, and the Investor Relations team.
 Please note that today's call is a copyrighted material of Dr. Eddie's and cannot be re-brought
 for the first time.
 or attributed in press or media outlet
 with how they complete expressed written content.
 before it
 proceed with the call.
 I would like to remind everyone that the safe
 are contained in today's
 that's really also pertains to this conference call.
 Now, I hand over the call to Mr. Parada-Darwal.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Amit, and greetings to everyone.
 Hope all of you are keeping well.
 We had yet another quarter of good performance in terms of year-on-year growth in revenues and profit
 while maintaining healthy EBITDA margin
 and generating good cash flows.
 Let me take the truth
 the key financial highlights for the quarter in a bit more detail.
 For this section, all the amounts are translated into U.S. dollar at a convenient translation
 rate of 74.39, which is the rate as of December 31st, 2021.
 Consolidated revenue for the quarter of two days
 of these 5,320 crores
 that is $715 million
 and grew by 8% on a year-on-year basis
 and declined by 8% on a sequential order basis.
 Year-on-year growth has been supported by growth across most of our businesses
 and was driven by good base business performance and recent launches.
 Sequentially, however, our revenues were impacted on a higher base of Q2, which had a higher
 function of a global or a economic change.
 ...
 budget products and recognition of out-licensing income in our
 proprietary products business consolidated
 gross profit margin.
 For this point, I would like to thank you.
 has been at 53.8%, which was fled over previous year.
 However, the margin increased by 40 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis.
 both
 for the Global Genetics and TSAI
 were at 57.8% and 22.5% respectively for the quarter.
 the agenda
 they spend for the quarter is rupees
 1,541 crores, that is US dollars 207 million, an increase of 7% year-on-year, and a decrease
 of 3% quarter-on-quartel.
 The year-on-year increase is in line with our business growth
 and on account of continued investments in sales and marketing activities for brands in India and emerging markets.
 As a percentage of sales, our SG&A has been at 29%, which is lower by 20 basis points,
 Irnien.
 The R&D spent for the quarter is Rs. 416 crores, that is US$56 million, and is at 7.8% of sales.
 R&D spend increase
 by 1% year-on-year and declined by 7% quarter-on-quarter.
 Okay.
 The product development activities continue normally during the quarter, and we continue
 to build a healthy pipeline of new products across our markets.
 The EBITDA for the quarter is Rs. 1,266 crores, that is U.S. $170 million, and the EBITDA margin is 23.8%.
 The EBITDA margin for the nine months in this fiscal is at 24% and is closely tracking our
 expiration target of 25%. Consequently, our profit before tax stood at
 Rs. 971 crores, that is US dollars
 131 million, which is the gross
 up 242% year on year
 and a decrease of 23% quarter on quarter.
 Adjusted for the impairment charges, our profits grew by 10.7% over previous years.
 Effective tax rate for the quarter has been at 27.2%.
 we expect our moment
 ETR to be in the range of 25-26%.
 Profit arbitrage for the quarter stood at U.S. 707 crores, that is U.S. dollar 95 million.
 Reported EPS per quarter is Rs.42.48.
 Operating working capital decreased by at least 512 crores, which is here $69 million.
 against that of
 September 3rd, 2021.
 the decrease was
 primarily driven by a
 decrease in receivables of Rs. 616 crores, aided by higher collections.
 Our capital investment during the quarter
 is stood at between 414 crores, which is $6.66 million.
 the free cash flow generated during this quarter
 There was a net inflow of rupees 1,274 crores, which is US$171 million.
 Consequently, we now have a NETCAP surplugged of
 that is US$134 million as on December 31st, 2021.
 foreign currency cash flow
 And it is in the form of derivatives for the U.S. dollar
 approximately US$3.60 million, largely held around the range of
 will be 75.4
 to Rs. 78.9 for the dollar,
 Google
 5, 8, 7, 5 million
 at the rate of 0.9909 to the ruble of $2.5 million
 at the rate of repeat 58.74 to the Australian dollar,
 and South African rand 36.9 million at the rate of rupees 4.97 to South African rand,
 maturing in the next 12 months.
 With this, I now request Arir to take you through the key business highlights.
 Thank you, Parag.
 a good morning and good evening
 to everyone.
 I hope you and your family are all safe and healthy.
 I'm pleased to share that we had a strong financial performance during the quarter
 without any benefit from one-off or COVID-related sales.
 We have grown here on here across our key businesses, and both EBITDA and ROC margins are closer to our aspiration and target of 25% each.
 while we continue to invest in our future growth business.
 We have been able to achieve this despite certain industry-level headwinds,
 like a higher level of price erosion across the generic segment in the U.S. market, increasing
 commodity prices
 and higher free cost.
 This sustained performance shows the resilience we have been able to build
 with our diversified business model to mitigate such external headwinds.
 We also generated significant cash flow during the quarter
 and are now having a net cash surplus,
 which will enable us to invest for future growth.
 Let me take you to the key business highlights for the quarter.
 the reference of these numbers
 and these sections are in respective local currencies.
 Our North America generic business recorded sales of $248 million for the quarter,
 with an ear-over-earth growth of 6%,
 However, a sequential quarter, a decline of 2%.
 During the quarter, we continued to gain market share for some of our key products, including a recent launch of acosipan ethyl softgels.
 However, the sales were impacted due to price erosion for some of our products and has been
 a case for the entire sector.
 And seasonal demand variations for few of our key products.
 We launched four new products in the United States during this quarter.
 Our euro business recorded sales of 47 million euros and was largely flat both year-over-year or in sequentially.
 During the quarter, we launched four new products in Germany
 and one product each in France and Ireland.
 We are expecting few good launches during the fall, which should enable us to return
 to grow in these markets.
 Our energy market business
 for the sale of 1,154 crores rupees
 with a strong year on year growth of 20%.
 However, we register a sequential decline of 11%.
 Within the emerging markets, the Russia business grew by 2% on a year-to-year basis
 and declined by 18% on a quarter-to-quarter basis in constant currency.
 as you told earlier
 the key to performance in Russia,
 I was very strong.
 It's supported by seasonal demand and launched by a similar beba season month.
 And the rest of the world market sales were supported by one-off sales of the COVID-related products.
 During the quarter, we launched 16 new products across virus emerging markets.
 Our India business recorded sales of 1,027 crores rupees, with a year-over-year growth of 7% and a sequential decline of 10%.
 adjusted for COVID-related
 portfolio search and producer
 and the last quarter, the best
 this performance has been fairly strong
 and in line of good expectations.
 During the quarter, we launched four new products in India market after our Cuba report of December
 2021, we have grown
 higher than the market at 23.1% on net basis against market growth of 18.1%.
 Our PCI business recorded sales of 97 million, with a growth of 2%.
 that's a question
 a quarter decline of 14%.
 We expect the performance to improve in the coming quarters.
 During the quarter, we filed 32 drug master files globally, including two filing made in the United States.
 We have also filed 22 formulation products across global markets and one under in the
 the United States.
 As of December 31, 2021, we had 1991 community filing standing for approval within the USFDA,
 which includes 88 andas and three 505 BQ individuals.
 During the quarter, we have signed a deal with
 resilience for commercialization of our
 by similarity,
 in the United States.
 We are also continuing with global development of five to seven other biosimilar in our
 portfolio,
 that are in various stages of pre-clinical and clinical development.
 Earlier during the month,
 who had launched
 and in another year in India
 expanding our portfolio to fight against
 the ongoing COVID pandemic.
 We are also working on certain export opportunities in line with the necessary rights obtained for milk.
 As regards to Sputnik, we are now ready with capacities in India.
 We are working actively with the government of India
 for registering sputnik light as a vaccine
 and as a booster of those for Sputnik V.
 We have also submitted proposals to DCGI to conduct trials to test Putin's life as a booster to other vaccines.
 Sputnik continues to be a viable option for Dr. Redis, for India, and other countries.
 Consistent with our aspiration and healthy balance sheet, M&A remains an integral part
 of our growth strategy, and therefore, we are actively
 pursuing a few days across our focus geographies.
 We are progressing well to strengthen the key processes in core businesses
 and in the digitalization journey.
 Going forward, we are looking to
 double down our efforts on
 very critically important areas of innovation, as well as ESG.
 There is a good progress to deliver on the short-term
 and long-term growth levels across our businesses
 and remain committed and optimistic about this.
 I am pleased to share also the recent recognitions of our efforts toward ESG.
 In November 2021, we were positioned number nine, a non-pharma company in the world, in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index 2021.
 During the quarters, we were also recognized by the UNWEP for gender inclusivity in the workplace.
 Our FTO-ACZPE1 manufacturing plant in Visak was honored with the prestigious National Energy Conversation Award
 by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, Minister of Power, Government of India.
 We have been recognized as the most innovative company for the year of 2021 at the CE2 Industrial Innovation Awards 2021.
 Earlier this month, we won a prestige EPEX Award, Sustainable Corporate of the Year, at the 2021 Frost & Sullivan Terry Sustainability 4.0 Award.
 As you can see,
 should continue to remain our focus area, and we are going to increase the reports in that direction.
 With this, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers.
 Thank you very much, sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 anyone who wishes to ask a question
 may please press star, then one on the touchstone telephone.
 if you wish to remove yourself from the question queue
 you may press star then 2.
 Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question.
 Anyone who wishes to ask questions, please press star, then one.
 The first question is from the line of Kunal Damesha from MK Global.
 Please go ahead.
 Good evening and thank you for
 during the opportunity.
 so the first question is
 on the U.S., you have mentioned
 that the price erosion has been kind of
 a little bit severe, but
 if we kind of do a back
 calculation
 is it
 fair to
 say, on a sequential basis, it's somewhere in the high fingers to low double digits kind
 of dicey lotion in US
 of this quarter.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so we...
 we
 I don't see it as a kind of global phenomenon.
 Now, it's continued to be a product-based situation,
 but in the
 in fearful
 eh
 a relatively larger number of our products face competition.
 and the
 investors work on the
 on the
 Overall basis, it's more like a double digit.
 But despite that, we are still growing.
 So we managed to offset this erosion with new products, with market share, as well as with productivity activity.
 So this still remains the issue and the growth of about, I think, now nine hours out of
 10 quarters we are going in the U.S.
 and
 And this will continue to be a kind of a phenomenon also in the future, in which I do see growth.
 may be slower than other markets,
 but we are still going to go in the United States.
 Okay, sure.
 And secondly, on these COVID-related contributions across our India and emerging markets, what would that be a percentage of revenue for the first nine months?
 It was primarily in the second quarter, not so much in the third quarter.
 So, third quarter was without a major sense of COVID product.
 and they
 and
 we will see
 probably also more
 in the Institute of Hope.
 So in this respect, let's say the main contribution of this portfolio will be in the second as
 as well as in the fourth, not so much on the fourth.
 And in India, there was contribution in first quarter as well, right?
 people
 in the
 first quarter not so much that's why
 on the sequential basis when you compare india and that's why there is a decline because it was
 relatively large contribution during the second quarter, but not so much in the third.
 The second, as you remember, was very much affected by the Delta wave,
 and this one is the Omicron wave in between.
 luckily there was no
 There was no other way, therefore, not so much to that.
 Sure.
 And, you know, just on the follow-up on that, you know, now that you are seeing healthy COVID, you know, contribution, at least for the first nine months, you know, do you see that to continue in FY23 or do you see, you know, that COVID contribution would not be a big part in FY23?
 so we are preparing for that
 and at the time
 that show all the activities around the prevention,
 whether it's vaccines or products, as well as community treatments,
 treatments whether it's the products that we have like monopropil and additional products
 that we are working on.
 They're meant for that area.
 naturally we don't know how
 this pandemic
 we live on.
 it's how to predict
 how it's going to be
 but we are prepared for it.
 Okay, and in case if it doesn't pan out,
 So, um,
 Do we still have growth levers in place to grow on this basis?
 to grow in the spirit that we have discussed in the past,
 that the digit brought 25-25 while financing the business
 with or without COVID products.
 This is the, this is the extra.
 Okay.
 Okay, okay.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 You just mentioned about double-digit price erosion in the U.S.
 Could you give us some colour on how this is, you know, trending in the quarter, given it was product specific, should we see this abating to more normalised price erosion, you know, any colour on that?
 It should be.
 So I believe that most of the products that face erosion were already there, and I don't anticipate.
 And the business model that exists in the U.S. will continue as it normally does.
 So the business model will not change.
 but in terms of
 the
 products that were affected by this, I believe that most of the
 most of the effect is behind us.
 Understood.
 And, you know, just to understand, given we saw double-jit price erosion in the U.S.,
 But if you look at, you know, our generic gross margins,
 these
 has improved close to about 100 basis points
 you know
 quarter-on-quarter.
 Any
 color rooms
 And, you know, despite the fact that we had headwinds in terms of raw material cost, etc.
 What drove this improved margins?
 Yes.
 It is a combination, it is a combination of what I discussed,
 first launch of the products
 which change the mix, so it's
 improve mix.
 The second is productivity activity that we are doing on cost improvement for the programs
 and adults
 in the
 And third, is market share with the relevant products in which we have better productivity.
 So, we were preparing for ourselves for this phenomena, and like I mentioned in my script,
 are growing despite of those
 I didn't start this at all.
 And
 so I'm
 I'm not so concerned about it going forward.
 Understood. And my last question is on the India business.
 I think you mentioned there was no COVID product contribution.
 should I assume there was no
 contribution from
 or very little contribution
 from Sputnik to
 in the quarter?
 yes in quarter two there was a what in the quarter two there was a relatively a higher demand because
 It was very much affected at the time by the Delta wave.
 and
 And in this quarter, luckily, there was no such a demand in India.
 So what we are going to see is the contribution in India of Q2,
 as well as we are going to see something
 before because of the current wave that we are in.
 But Q3 was very less.
 And what about the export opportunity for Sputnik?
 are we in discussions with the government
 to allow us to export
 given that, you know, the booster trial will just start.
 so that is some time away?
 we can
 We can export.
 export the products outside both the vaccine as well as the the other products okay and you've
 started exporting it
 in the current quarter
 or not yet yet?
 In Q3, we did not export COVID products.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Damian Tikerai from HSBC Securities and Capital Market.
 Please go ahead.
 The question is, can you share your observations on the commodity and raw material price, whether you have seen some kind of moderation compared to second quarter?
 And how do you see this part moving up in the next few quarters?
 yes we did see it
 We saw it in three areas, some commodity intermediates, especially that are serving acid
 The second is in the energy cost, especially coal a few months ago, especially in India.
 and the third is on the freight and the shipping costs.
 And all of that we absorbed and are within the margins.
 And so we countermeasure it with the other activities to offset all that.
 I believe that the trend is behind us in a way that I do not anticipate additional hike in that magnitude.
 some of the prices did not go down yet to the original level
 but I don't anticipate additional inflation in that magnitude of scale.
 So very broadly, we can assume that the peak is over
 and price might see, I'll say, more moderation from here on.
 As much as one can predict,
 it looks
 detona
 how to predict
 the pandemic and the geopolitical situation in the world, assuming no other big event
 it would be better for.
 Thank you.
 second question is can you talk a bit about your biosimilar portfolio which you are working on
 and which are your target markets for key products?
 You're talking about clubbing?
 for biosimilars
 Are those females?
 Yes, we are targeting globally.
 we have
 the
 uh
 And we have rituximab, which we have now commercially with most of the emerging markets,
 and the primary markets for it today is India and Russia.
 and then we have
 the
 of the
 more
 and
 the
 Additionally, four biosimilars primarily for emerging markets.
 In addition to that, we are in the development.
 as I shared in my script
 we signed a deal for the United States
 and with that, and with Europe, we will do it by ourselves.
 So, Rituximab is going to be our first global product, and we have right now additional
 tripod
 in clinical trials as well as additional products that are in the pre-clinical stage.
 So overall it's healthy portfolio.
 and
 and the cameras
 very nicely performed
 about 2024 until
 20
 31,
 and 2032 in which we will launch
 all of these products.
 And my last question is, have you heard any update on your Dubada prank from the USFTA?
 we did not receive any feedback from the
 SFBA, I saw today
 and
 we
 and
 normally takes
 90 days, 90 days are due
 and sometimes next week
 So we need to, around that date, we'll probably get a feedback.
 We had
 too much
 to submit certain data as part of our commitment to the response to the U.S. FDA of the 8403
 that we got and we submitted it on time
 and in full
 and we are awaiting the feedback
 and hopefully to get an EIR for those plans.
 That's it.
 Thank you.
 I'll get back in with you.
 The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Akash Ganga Investments.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, I'm not even.
 Yes, yes, please.
 Yeah, so my first question would be on this pre-filled syringe, which we have talked that that would be mostly be commercialization in Q3FI22.
 Can you just update me the status for, like, what is the right now current situation on that part?
 which has been
 Sorry, we couldn't get your question.
 Can you please repeat?
 Yeah, sure.
 So, the question is on with the pack-filled craft team, which we have the pre-filled syringe, which we will be launching in Q3FI22.
 So, can you just update me with the status right now?
 So, currently, it is with Fresenius.
 for the U.S. and Europe
 market we have a deal with
 and basically they have
 I think I did for
 of calendar 2022 launch.
 So, as of now, that's the status.
 Okay, okay. And my second question would be a bit odd, but actually I wanted to understand on that part,
 Whenever we launch the product, what is the average duration at which we can command the
 premiumization compared to when
 that it becomes a, you can say
 a normal or a price in product?
 No, I don't think we will be able to comment on that part.
 Okay, okay, nice. Thank you, thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Surya Narayanan from Philip Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 yeah thank you for this opportunity
 Okay, so just on the pricing erosion situation in the U.S., what you mentioned,
 is it largely to doctorate specific that double digit kind of price erosion situation
 and possibly could be
 because you have more number of Para 3 launches by you.
 Is that the situation or it is broad-based double-digit kind of horizon that you have
 with cancer in the U.S.
 It is the business model in the United States.
 So naturally, every company is facing glass erosion.
 and I think the proportion
 of the price erosion.
 it's very much
 basis
 with
 How many of your products are facing competition,
 And what is the timing in which the customers are issuing their RFPs?
 So, in our case, we had, as we launched, let's say, in the last three years, about 80 products in the United States.
 so naturally
 the sport
 by design
 and face
 competition
 the larger
 in proportion
 and out of the entire basket.
 So,
 and
 And let's say that's why percentage per se is less, for me at least, indicator of the health of the business.
 The health of the business, the way I dictated is growth and Ibiza and ROCE.
 I don't know.
 healthy and
 we are
 maintaining the mountains and even going a little bit to the United States, despite the
 Sure.
 Uh,
 Sure.
 So the second point is on the, let's say, EWS has so far been the dominant revenue contributor
 that are an end-earning contributor for us.
 But in the recent times, we have obviously thought about diversifying our focus towards emerging market, new market like China and all.
 and also according to the reducing of R&D spend focus targeted for the U.S. market.
 so let's say five years down the line
 is it fair to believe
 the state of North America
 or revenue share of the North America
 will be meaningfully different than what currently it is.
 and
 Indeed, you described our strategy for the last four years.
 and so
 we are
 investing in other markets
 for growth
 was India
 animals in optics and this is providing us
 By using the same fixed assets, based on the portfolio of assets, our knowledge, etc.
 So this is allowing us more growth, more protein, and with less risk.
 And yes, I think it's fair to say that these markets will grow faster than the US.
 So the United States will continue to be an important market for us.
 I just want to emphasize on it.
 And we will continue to invest and grow in the United States.
 the other markets
 will grow faster
 than the United States.
 So therefore, then the average weight in the United States is decreasing already
 will decrease
 over time.
 And the capital allocation is done accordingly to the diversification efforts.
 Okay.
 So just last one question, sir, on this generic rev limit.
 need.
 whether we are seeing
 We have already launched the product in Canada, and that is also a kind of influence in size market for this product.
 So whether we have seen the appropriate number
 or the kind of
 revenue that you want
 the product could have generated
 out of Canada market.
 whether we have achieved the right size revenue out of it as a fit
 or will take longer time to achieve the peak potential out of the market from that you need?
 In Canada, it will take a bit longer because in the way that the Canadian process is working,
 We need to register it in each one of the relevant provinces in Canada.
 and then for each one of them to participate in the relevant
 sales processes
 say whether there is or other mechanism in which each one of the states is providing
 so the process is taking a bit longer
 It's not the day one launch that you see in the United States in that respect.
 In any case, the launch in the U.S. and the launch in Canada are unrelated, as the launch
 in the U.S. is part of the settlement deal,
 while in Canada is naturally a free market situation.
 so I would not draw
 and
 kind of
 it's not the same situation.
 and I would not draw any conclusion from one market to another.
 Last but not least, we are going to launch this product
 not just in Canada and the United States.
 we are going to launch it also in Europe
 as well as in some energy markets.
 So this is going to be a global product for us.
 Sure, it's not.
 Thank you.
 wish you all the best.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Samir Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you very much, and good evening to everyone.
 So the first question is for IcoSapaint, which is a vasika in the U.S.
 So good job done on the market share gain.
 And I think it's now stabilizing around 11%, 12% for last few weeks, you know.
 So have we reached the peak or, you know, what's the outlook over here?
 and is it a supply that is holding you back?
 And we, I think we,
 and
 I think that the
 product is doing well and we are planning to continue to do well also in the next quarters to come
 there is still
 a lot of markets to gain
 with this product
 as the innovative steel holding knife market share.
 and
 they
 and in terms of supply
 it is not constraining us at this stage.
 So then why is the market share, you know, in early double digit and not much higher if supply is not holding you back?
 So what's the roadblock?
 The roadblock is the desire of customers to take the product from us.
 okay
 Yeah, but that's a little counterintuitive because generic is a lower cost, lower priced.
 So most of the time, customers are too happy to take generic product.
 Is there anything different over here?
 No, nothing different.
 Okay.
 Okay, that's fine, sir.
 So the second question is on the Russia-Ukraine business.
 Given the geopolitical situation, you know, what's your read of the situation?
 Have you seen any disruption or any problem in a business that you are doing over there?
 The Ukraine-Russia situation is beyond my paycheck.
 but
 we are
 and
 we both
 and I say
 is a very important market for us.
 will continue to be in the important market for us.
 and they're
 and if there will be
 in the
 hopefully not
 I wish not
 that if there will be any
 At Berthilet we left to
 accordingly be prepared for it, and we are.
 but I wish that it will be only peace in the world and calmness.
 But so far, have you seen any impact on the business?
 No.
 no
 No.
 Okay, great.
 One final question, if I may, which is on your health tech platform, you know, is there any update over here?
 how has been the progress
 Anything you can share on the physical infrastructure, you know, that you have built, especially for, you know, for online pharmacy fulfillment and diagnostic site?
 and how many cities have you rolled out?
 What's the plan going forward for next, you know, four, six quarters?
 sure
 it is going very nicely
 we basically
 in the last stages of finishing the pilot
 we are now present in five cities
 going to 10 cities
 in the next few weeks
 on the
 and
 And this will cover, of course, the main cities of India, including Mumbai and Delhi.
 and
 And accordingly, it will be the rollout of the companies that will join this platform.
 So our main way to grow this business is by convincing companies to work with us
 and give treatment to their employees
 and basically insured by our insurance in this product.
 and of course
 rolling out
 a good service,
 I hope
 by
 physicians as well as
 by under-vendors to provide the excellent service.
 This is a very, very neat project, and I'm very proud of the beginning, and I believe in it very much.
 it's a good thing for
 and for us
 and I believe it's a very good thing for India.
 Okay, great.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Sham Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good evening, and thank you for taking my question.
 Just the first one is on the PSAI business.
 in your opening
 remarks, Erich, you had mentioned we expect performance to improve quarter-on-quarter.
 you know, what's driving that
 optimism, I remember
 last quarter we had the issue of inventory de-stock from some of our customers so just
 can you help us understand the dynamics in the PSAI business?
 Thank you.
 So if we are taking out, let's call it COVID-related behavior by companies and take the business
 based on its consumption,
 and the main
 is
 driver, of course, will be
 the lunches
 that will be in the marketplace of April 23, April 24, and April 25
 by the customers, both by internal use as well as external use.
 And if we wish, the Pareto, meaning the top products that used to drive this business,
 are going to be changed
 by products that will be launched in that area,
 which will be one more profitable and second bigger in their size.
 This will drive the growth from the base API.
 PCA is
 comprise also of CBM activities that are slightly picking up.
 And we very much believe in it.
 So most of the seeding that is done now are with small projects,
 which are in phase one and early phase two.
 I make sure some of these products will come to phase three and beyond that.
 and, of course, serve as a gross driver for the CDMO type of the business,
 which is, as I discussed in the past, part of our Horizon 2 activities,
 and it's sitting and picking up.
 The third is we are selling B2B.
 in the PCI
 and speaking up with launches
 of the
 famous
 political conduct in the
 we are solving
 in Japan as well as in
 some Middle Eastern and African countries.
 So the combination of the three should grow PCR in the future.
 got it
 That's very helpful.
 is it early days
 or can we quantify some of the non-API part sections
 in the PSAI, CDMO, the projects that you're talking about?
 At this stage, the two sections are not big.
 We are not going to give yet a specific proportion, but they are not big.
 there will be
 But there will be more and more meaningful.
 and so right now
 still most of the
 most of the
 the PCR comprise of API, of the API per se self,
 and in the case of Q2, it was comprised of some COVID cells as well,
 which was not
 in that magnitude
 and Q2.
 to some of the sequential
 a crème
 is related to COVID.
 was it helpful
 Second question is on the
 I missed some of the early comments.
 you said we have
 actively looking to register
 specifically
 as a booster, right?
 and the trial
 we are doing it as
 just to
 was the reason for doing the trial
 with other vaccines?
 Yeah, we will have to get approval from the authorities here in India for the protocol of the trial.
 and based on that
 Depending on that protocol, we will have a trial with other vaccines, so it will serve
 That's another option.
 both private as well as the government of Booster in the future.
 We believe that the bush sterile will be part of our life, and we'll have to take it one or twice a year now.
 and we believe that we want to be ready for that.
 got it
 helpful
 Last question.
 I have no new opening remarks here now
 net cash
 M&A
 can you just help us understand
 what those therapy areas are
 or is there a geographical splice as well?
 Which are some of the assets or products that you will be looking to acquire?
 So we are looking for opportunities in all of our spaces, all geographies.
 India, naturally, as well as the emerging market, United States and Europe.
 In all of those geographies, there are now active projects.
 some of them
 can be faster and
 within the next few weeks
 if of course will be concluded
 and some of them
 may be later
 and
 a
 the nature of the capital allocation
 will be the same as we discussed in the past.
 We are not in the shopping spree.
 we see it as
 complementary to our organic growth.
 at the same time
 And because we have a very comfortable financial situation, we are planning to use that.
 So now let's see which of the projects will be actually eventually come to conclusion.
 but likely that
 that we will see
 multiple
 deals
 in
 the
 the next coming months.
 Got it.
 Thank you so much for this and all the best.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Ashish Thavkar from Motila Losval Asset Management.
 please go ahead
 Yeah, thanks for the opportunity.
 so on the Sputnik you said
 And obviously we have got permission from the government to export.
 you quantify the doses that we are planning to export or you're open to export any amount
 but there is a restriction.
 No restrictions.
 I cannot specify now a specific number, but there are no restrictions that prevent us to export.
 Okay.
 But these numbers will be reflected in fourth quarter?
 you could do so
 It depends on the type of performance that we have for the product.
 For example, if a Sputnik light will be approved eventually as a vaccine
 And they thought they were going to death as a booster.
 something that's a booster for other products
 Then we'll obtain WHO.
 So if all of this will happen, it can create a nice opportunity for us.
 and of course the quantities will be
 accordingly.
 It depends, of course, on the type of approval that is relevant for this market at this particular time.
 Okay, okay.
 so just to get this thing clear
 you cannot export till you
 get some sort of approvals from
 various agencies. Is that a right
 understanding?
 No, no.
 We can export, but naturally our customers will not buy a product that is not approved
 for use in the relevant markets
 and for the relevant patients that are going to use it.
 has to be approved.
 that specific country
 for the use either as a vaccine or as a booster.
 and this is where
 and from there we'll derive the quantities.
 Okay.
 but as you understand
 And this product is approved from most of the Scandinavian countries.
 So, how about that?
 This is not a part of our agreement with the Russians.
 So this will come directly from Russia, not from us, to this type of markets.
 Okay, yeah, got that.
 so next question
 was on this
 Peck Phil Grest team
 so earlier
 participant asked to this but i missed it uh
 So, we were supposed to launch in quarter 3, right, through S&A's Caddy.
 So we have launched a product or there is a delay and if the delay is there, why so?
 I did not get the question, sir.
 Yes.
 I think
 basically
 has mentioned
 or indicated basically
 calendar 2022
 is when they expect
 to launch the product in both U.S. and Europe market.
 so do you say that
 we are just
 we are still two to three quarters
 probably two three quarters away from the launch
 So, they have not specified the quarter, but maybe in the next one or two quarters, it
 in the happen, what's the, obviously,
 we don't have the specific dates.
 Okay, fair enough.
 So this last question on this price erosion in the U.S.
 It's been quite a while since we are facing double-digit price erosion, but as the investors
 understood, we felt that by the end of March, the intensity of the price erosion should
 gradually start coming off. So in your experience and what do you see in the market, would you
 be on similar lines would you also say that size origin intensity would eventually come off or by
 end of March
 As I mentioned before, it's price erosion and the magnitude of price erosion is not top
 down it's bottom up
 meaning it depends on the product that is facing that specific competition.
 and in our case
 most of our
 portfolio
 first week.
 so likely
 I'm not going to see another round
 for these specific products
 and hence
 it will probably come down.
 So it's not a top down, it's a bottom up, and that's from there come this, you know, this level of thought.
 Hello, Aki?
 Mr. Dr. Duhi Harli
 Do you have any further questions?
 Thank you.
 Mr. Tavkar can't hear you.
 Please unmute your line and respond.
 let us move on
 there's no response
 we take the next question from the line of
 Shrikant Akolkar from Asian Market Securities, please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Shrikhanda Kolgar, your line is unmuted.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Mm-hmm.
 Thank you.
 We can move on.
 it's
 you're not a good year
 We take the next question
 from the line of
 Kunal Damesha from MK Global, please go ahead.
 Thank you for the opportunity again.
 so on
 I feel
 that's
 interesting
 we are seeing that we
 you know
 launch game happening next one or two quarter
 but have we supplied any initial inventory to Presenius Kabi
 or it will happen once the approval comes out.
 and I assume that
 it will also take time
 it's already not supplied
 So just to, for instance, as part of the deal, all the rights, all the activities of this
 deal with that, all the rights.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 And therefore, we are just to have a certain financial arrangement with Provenius.
 Once they will go, we will enjoy a stream of value that will come from their launch.
 So we are not supplying and not involved in the launch, and we are not aware of the date.
 and we are going to be advised by them when they will decide to do this.
 Okay, sure. Thank you.
 the next
 The next question is from the line of Samir Bhaisiwala from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thanks for the follow-up.
 I hope my voice is audible.
 There seems to be some disruption.
 So just one final question.
 How are you thinking about your injectable portfolio for the U.S. market?
 as in how many
 you know and has it been filed and are there any complex you know long-acting type you know
 microspore type of product peptide products that you've done the filing um and you know when can
 we start to see the approval cycle and begin for these.
 Yes, so it's naturally very important to us, not just in the U.S., but also globally.
 and
 in the
 The answer is yes.
 We do have these complex generic assets as part of that effort.
 Samovite
 It took a long time to develop.
 In some, we are still in development.
 overall
 the injectable
 and the content generic will drive
 the growth in the United States
 on the general health
 and it will grow faster than the retail product.
 Very specifically, have you filed some of these high-value complex injectables?
 We did file some high-value complex in Geofit.
 Yes.
 Okay, and the PAI done at Duada, does it relate to one such product?
 and
 Some of these products are coming from Dubai, yes.
 No, no, sir.
 The question is, is the PAI pre-approval inspection done by FDA,
 Was it related to one such, you know, complex, large injectable product?
 the PI was
 not related to specific
 products like that, but naturally when
 EFTI
 they are not checking only the specific products, they are checking the entire site.
 Okay. Got it. Got it. Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of Alok Dalal from CLSA.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good evening.
 taking Samir's question forward on Buwada.
 would you
 would you still expect to grow in the U.S. next year
 if there is an adverse observation on Duwada from the FDA?
 first we
 I love her in
 Esther
 We hope not to have this adverse effect.
 And the second, we are, at this stage,
 They're not looking for scenarios that we don't have these sites.
 But these sites are very, very important for the growth in the United States.
 It's not just next year, but also when you have to come.
 okay
 And any update on Neewaring internally?
 have you decided to go ahead with the launch or drop it we did not finish all the evaluation but
 unlikely that you'll see launch
 in the next few months.
 All right.
 And lastly, any update on CopacZone?
 a stilly process
 it's now in the FBA court
 the goal is in their court
 meaning that we submitted
 all the relevant information
 and, you know,
 waiting for the response.
 again, I
 I believe that
 at least
 I don't think likely to see a launch in the next few months.
 Got it.
 Okay, thank you very much for taking my question.
 Thank you.
 ladies and gentlemen
 That was the last question.
 I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.
 Thank you all for joining us today for the earnings fall.
 In case of any further queries, please reach out to the investor relations team.
 Thank you very much, sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dr. Reddy, that concludes this conference.
 We thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.
 You