 Good day and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q1 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in the listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone. I want to like to have the conference over to your speaker today, Richard Galanti. Thank you. Please go ahead. Thank you, Sadie, and good afternoon to everyone. I'll start by stating that these discussions will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company does not undertake to update these statements except as required by law. In today's press release, we reported operating results for the first quarter of fiscal 22. The 12 weeks ended November 21st. Net income for the quarter came in at $1.324 billion, or $2.98 per diluted share, compared to $1.166 billion, or $2.62 per diluted share, last year. This year included a tax benefit of tax benefit of $91 million, or $0.21 per share, related to stock-based compensation, and a write-off of certain IT assets of $118 million pre-tax, or $0.20 per share. Last year included tax benefits of $145 million, or $0.33 per diluted share, $0.16 of which was due to the deductibility of the $10 per share special cash dividend received by the company's 401k plan participants, and $0.17 related to stock-based compensation, as well as incremental expenses for COVID-19 premium wages of $212 million pre-tax, which was a hit last year in the quarter of $0.35 per share. Net sales for the quarter increased 16.7% to $49.42 billion, up from $42.35 billion a year earlier in the first quarter. Same-store sales for the first quarter were as follows. In the U.S., on a reported basis for the 12 weeks, up 14.9%, and excluding gas inflation and the impacts of FX, up 9.9%. Canada reported 17.2%, ex-gas and FX, plus 8.3%. Other international reported 13.4%, ex-gas and FX, up 10.9%. All told, the company reported a 15% increase on a comp basis and 9.8% up ex-gas and FX. In e-commerce, which was reported at 14.3%, FX was 13.3%. In terms of Q1 comp sales metrics, traffic or shopping frequency increased 6.8% worldwide and up 5.9% in the U.S. during the quarter. Our average transaction or ticket was up 7.7% worldwide and 8.5% in the U.S. during the quarter. Excluding the positive impact from gas inflation and effects, the average ticket was up X that, plus 2.5% worldwide and plus 3.5% in the U.S. Foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar positively impact sales by about 90 basis points. And gasoline price inflation positively impacted sales by approximately 430 basis points. Next on the income statement, membership fee income, reported in the quarter, $946 million, up $85 million, or 9.9% from last year's $861 million figure. FX, the $85 million increase would have been $80 million, and the 9.9% increase would be 9.3%. In terms of renewal rates at first quarter end, our U.S. and Canada renewal rate came in at 91.6%, up three-tenths of a percent from the 12-week earlier figure at Q4 end. As well, the worldwide rate came in at 89.0%, also up three-tenths of a percent from 12 weeks ago at Q4 end. The renewal rates are continuing to benefit from more members auto-renewing, as well as increased penetration of executive members, who on average renew at a higher rate than the non-executive members, and first-year renewal rates, which have improved a little. In terms of number of members at end of first quarter, in terms of member households as well as total cardholders, at Q1 end, total paid households was $62.5 million, up $800,000 from $61.7 a quarter ago, and total cardholders, $113.1 million, up $1.5 million from the $111.6 million 12 weeks ago. At Q1 end, paid executive members totaled $26.5 million, an increase of $836,000 during the 12 weeks since Q4 end. Executive members represent 42% of our members and a little over 70% of our sales. Moving down to the gross margin line, our reported gross margin for the first quarter was lower year-over-year by 49 basis points, and excluding gas inflation, lower year-over-year by 6 basis points. As you normally do, I ask you to jot down a few numbers. There are two columns, both reported year-over-year in Q1, and then without gas inflation year-over-year in Q1. First line item would be core merchandise, minus 63 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis, and minus 26 basis points without gas inflation. Ancillary and other businesses, plus 2 on a reported basis, and plus 12x gas inflation. Two percent reward, plus 3 and minus 1 basis point. LIFO, minus 3 in both columns. Other, plus 12 basis points in both columns. Total then, on a reported basis, margins were down 49 basis points year-over-year, and ex-gas inflation down 6 basis points. In terms of the core merchandise component of gross margin being lower by 63 year-over-year and 26 basis points ex-gas inflation, recall last year in Q1, the core reported was up 83 basis points and ex-gas up 66 basis points. So we've retained a good portion of the improvement from two years ago in the core. In terms of the core margin on their own sales, in the first quarter, our core and core margins were lower by 18 basis points, with non-foods slightly up and food and sundries slightly lower year-over-year. Also, lower year-over-year, fresh foods was the primary driver of the core and core being lower in the quarter. Fresh continues to lap exceptional labor productivity and low product spoilage that occurred from the outside sales that happened a year ago in the quarter. Ancillary and other business gross margin was higher by two basis points on a reported basis, and again, plus 12 basis points ex-gas inflation. Gas and travel were better year-over-year as the anniversary of softer quarter a year ago, offset by e-com, which was particularly strong a year ago and also related to the pandemic. LIFO, we had a three basis point or $14 million LIFO charge in the quarter. A 2% reward, higher by three on a reported basis and lower by one, excluding gas inflation, a reflection of slightly higher sales penetration going to the increased number of executive members. And other was up 12 basis points. This is related to COVID-related costs from a year ago. That portion of the COVID-related wages that go into the cost of sales, like our manufacturing businesses and our meat and bakery departments, given the inflationary pressures and our ongoing efforts to mitigate price increases to our members in the face of inflation as best we can, our Q1 gross margins results, all in all, I think were pretty good. Moving to SG&A, our reported SG&A in the first quarter was lower or better year-over-year by 66 basis points, and 29 basis points, excluding gas inflation. Again, jotting down two columns of numbers, first column being reported, and the second column being X gas inflation. Operations was better or lower by 40 basis points, and X gas inflation better or lower by 11 basis points. Central reported better by 10, without inflation, gas inflation better by 6, stock compensation better by 2 and worse by 1 in the two columns, and other better by 14 and better by 13 year-over-year. Total then, again, on a reported basis, our SG&A was better or lower by 66 basis points, and X gas inflation lower or better by 29 basis points. Keep in mind, in terms of the core, again, better by 40 or better by 11 X gas inflation, keep in mind this result includes the permanent dollar-an-hour wage increase that began in March of 2021, and four weeks of additional starting wage increases that we just took this past October, going from $16 to $17 and from $16.50 to $18 for our two main categories of hourly employees. These latest changes in the starting wages went into effect October 25th, just six weeks ago, and four weeks of those six weeks were included in Q1. Central, no surprises there, again, on an X gas inflation basis, better by 6. Stock comp, as I mentioned, a little better, a little worse by 1, X gas inflation. And other, the 14 and the 13 basis points numbers, this consisted of the COVID expense of $159 million last year and the $118 million write-off of the impacted IT assets that I mentioned earlier. Next on the income statement is pre-opening expense. This year in the quarter, $28 million, last year in the quarter, $22 or $6 million higher. All told, reporting operating income in the first quarter increased 18%, coming in at $1.693 billion this year in the quarter compared to $1.43 billion last year. Below the operating income line, interest expense was $39 million each of the first quarters of fiscal 21 and 22. Interest income, interest expense rather, interest income and other for the quarter was higher by $13 million year-over-year, primarily due to favorable effects. Overall, reported pre-tax income in the first quarter was up 19%, coming in at $1.696 billion this year compared in the first quarter last year of $1.42 billion. In terms of income taxes, our tax rate in the first quarter of 22 was 20.7% compared to 16.8% in Q1 last year. Again, both years' tax rates benefited from the tax treatment of stock-based compensation, as mentioned earlier, $91 million this year and $75 million last year in the quarter. Additionally, last year's tax rate benefited from the tax deductibility of the special dividend, that portion payable to the company's 401k plan participants. The fiscal 22 effective tax rate, excluding these discrete items, is currently projected to be between 26% and 27%. A few other items of note in terms of warehouse expansion. As you know, for fiscal 21, we opened 22 units, including two reloads, so a net increase of 20 units during fiscal 21. In this quarter that ended a couple weeks ago, we opened nine units, including one reload, so a net openings of eight. For the remainder of the year, we plan to open 23 new units and also plan to open 23 units, four of which would be relocations, so a net of 19 if all goes as planned. It's been a busy past seven days. We opened our second Costco in France last Saturday on December 4th, followed by our second building in China, which opened yesterday, as well as two buildings opening this morning, opening today, one in the U.S. and Florida, and our fourth unit in Spain. Regarding CapEx, our first quarter fiscal 22 spend was approximately $1.05 billion. Our full-year CapEx spend is estimated to be just about $4 billion. This would represent an increase of more than $400 million over last year's entire CapEx figure of $3.6 billion. The largest areas of increase coming from international spending for new warehouse expansion and increased investment in our logistics and e-com fulfillment operations. In terms of e-commerce, sales in the quarter, XFX increased 13.3% year-over-year. That's, of course, on top of an 86%-plus increase a year ago in the first quarter. Stronger apartments in terms of year-over-percentages include jewelry, tires, and home furnishings. Our largest merchandise department, in terms of sales majors, which is everything from consumer electronics and TVs to appliances, et cetera, was up in the high single digits, also on a very strong sales increase a year earlier. In terms of an update on Costco logistics, it continues to drive our big and bulky sales. For the quarter, Costco logistics deliveries were up over 50% and now represent about 70% of our U.S. e-com big and bulky shipments. We've averaged during the quarter more than 50,000 stops per week. And for the year, we project more than 3 million stops, which would be anything from dropping something off to installing and taking away the old appliance for logistics in the full year. Our e-com mobile app, we continue to improve the site with additional features. Thus far, as I've talked about in the last few quarterly calls, we've redesigned the app header and footer. We've updated and improved the menu layout. Our members now have the ability to view warehouse receipts online via both the app and desktop. Our co-brand Citi Visa card can now be linked to the digital membership card and can be used for payment. Our members are now able to much more easily reschedule e-com deliveries in the U.S. and Canada. The same goes for rescheduling returns, returns pickups. And delivering in the first half of the upcoming new calendar year, a better labeling of fulfillment methods. Members will be able to easily see fulfillment options, be it e-com, same day, and even nearby warehouse availability at a particular item level. We're rolling out new e-com kiosks in the warehouse with video signage and easy touchscreen ordering. As well, we're rolling out e-commerce lockers. Currently in the U.S., we have 112 locations, and we plan to more than double that number during calendar year 2022. In terms of e-commerce, there's a program that received some press just yesterday called Costco Next. In a way, it's like our warehouse roadshows but online. Currently, there are 34 suppliers and growing, but it's still quite small, offering just under 1,000 items, curated items with Costco values, so please check it out when you have a chance. From a supply chain perspective, similar issues that we outlined 12 weeks ago on the last quarterly call, each issue ebbs and flows a little bit, but overall the factors pressuring supply chains and inflation include port delays, container challenges, COVID disruptions, shortages of varied components, raw materials, ingredients, and even packaging supplies, labor cost pressures, and truck and driver challenges. Overall, we feel we've dealt pretty well with the supply chain challenges. In terms of delayed container arrivals on the Pacific Coast, about 79% of our import containers are late by an average of 51 days. A few percentage of those are actually a few days early, and many of them are a few days more than 51 late. Virtually all departments are impacted. We've ordered early in many cases, as I mentioned, I think, earlier calls, given the longer lead times. Less product and packaging challenges, but still quite a bit. Still some limitations on key items, but improving. Again, it ebbs and flows. Chip shortage is still impacting many items, some more than others. In some instances, delayed inventory simply extends the season. An example might be lawn and garden and patio. As soon as a product arrives, it sells pretty quickly, but it may extend beyond the normal seasonal time. Toys and seasonal, in fact, same thing. Some inventory, in fact, won't make it before Christmas, but we've mitigated that as best as possible and feel pretty good about it. In terms of moving on to, oh, despite all the supply chain issues, again, I feel pretty good about staying in stock and continuing to work to mitigate cost and price increases as best we can. Moving on to inflation, again, it's pretty much the same story that we told during each of the last two quarters. There have been in our variety of inflationary pressures that we and others are seeing, from labor costs to freight costs to higher demand to container shortages and port delays, to increase demand on certain product categories, much of what you see and read out there. Various shortages on everything from chips to oils and chemicals full supply by facilities hit by the Gulf storms a while back. Higher commodities prices. For Q1-22, in talking with our merchants, senior merchants, we estimate that overall year-over-year price inflation to be in the 4.5% to 5% range. That's a little bit higher of an estimated inflation rate that I discussed a quarter ago, but I think pretty consistent with what you read out there. All of this said, much kudos to the job that our merchants and our traffic department and our operators have all been able to do in order to get the products that we need, pivot when and where necessary, and keep our warehouses full. While keeping prices low for our members and continuing to show value versus our competitors. Look, I think overall this is best reflected in the operating results that we continue to achieve despite these many challenges. Anecdotally on merchandising, you know, holiday stuff has been strong. Again, sometimes it depends on when the merchandise gets in. Baking items, more people seem to be getting together, are strong. Gift cards are up dramatically from a year ago, but it was a week a year ago. Pet products, as you might expect, are strong with the benefit of increasing pet population over the past couple of years. Alcohol and spirits are strong, including gift boxes of various items. And, of course, continued strength in consumer electronics, appliances, furniture, and mattresses, and the like. Apparel actually has enjoyed much stronger sales growth this year, albeit compared to relatively flat apparel sales a year ago. One last comment. Our sustainability commitment website received a major refresh this week, so please feel free to visit the site. It's linked directly from our homepage under the column About Us, and then click on Sustainability Commitment. Finally, in terms of upcoming releases, we will announce our December sales results for the five weeks ending Sunday, January 2nd on Wednesday, January 5th, after market close. With that, I will open it up to questions and turn it back over to Sadie. Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask questions, please press star on the number one on your telephone. For our first question, we have Michael Leiser from UBS. Michael, your line is open. Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Richard, your point about the 4% to 5% inflationary increase across the assortment. Typically, Costco has been slower to raise prices than everyone else. That seems to be a number that's in line with others across the retail sector. So has the posture changed with respect to passing along price increases? Why is that the case? And does Costco have more pricing power today than it ever has in the past? Given the pricing gaps between you and others in the market? Well, I think as it relates to passing on, we've always said we want to be the last to raise the price and the first to lower the price. Recognizing there's a limit to what you can do based on these cost increases. First and foremost, I think because of our relative purchasing power and our relationships with our vendors, we with our suppliers work to mitigate those increases in any way, shape, or form we can. Ultimately, that may include us taking a little less markup and maybe them taking a little less markup. There's no complete consistent answer throughout, as you might expect. But overall, I think we've done a relatively good job of that. And there is inflation in those numbers. Those numbers are kind of a combination of our cost increases as well as some price increases. And, again, it fluctuates. For every few examples of something going up, there may be an example of something flatter going down a little bit for unrelated reasons. And so, again, it's a best guess. It's fluid. You know, we saw inflation starting several months ago in a bigger way, I think, in our fiscal Q4 this summer and continuing into this fiscal year. And as we all have read articles, general articles out there about certain different major consumer product manufacturers announcing increases and continuing to do so. So I think it's going to continue. Hopefully, we're getting towards the top and it'll start flattening out and subsiding. But we'll see. My follow-up question is, with the core merchandise margin ex-fuel and the core-on-core gross margin getting less bad or declining at a lesser rate this quarter than last, is this a sign that the margin here is stabilizing? And do you think the Costco exits the pandemic with a structurally higher gross margin than it's had in the past? Or are all these dynamics simply a function of what you've often said, which is, when overall retail margins go up, so do Costco's, but just a little less than others? Thank you. I think on the last comment, yes, in terms of that last comment you made. Look, I think at the end of the day, I think we, in many ways, have benefited from market share gains, hopefully some or most of which will be sticky. The biggest thing that impacts margins many often is not only on the buying power side, and arguably, I can't think of any company that has the buying power per item that we do because we do our roughly $200 billion in sales with, you know, 4,000-ish items versus anybody else that's doing it with hundreds of thousands of items or 50,000 items. But I think that having higher levels of sales productivity, particularly in things like fresh foods, helps your margin. We'll keep some of that, and we'll use some of it to be even more competitive and hopefully build a bigger moat a little bit. But I think that some of it is probably structurally there, but, you know, as some famous TV actress said once, it's always going to be something, and, you know, we'll keep fighting that battle out there. But we feel pretty good about some of the structural things that have occurred that hopefully will help us in the future, but we'll have to wait and see. Thank you very much, and have a good holiday. Thank you. For our next question, we have Simon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Simon, your line is open. Hey, everyone. I'll be Simeon for this call. My first question is actually a follow-up to Michael's second question. Maybe I'll ask it a different way, Richard. The two-year core-on-core looks like it's actually getting better, and you said it yourself. You thought you did a pretty good job on it, and it looks like you are. So if we're kind of getting – it feels like you're managing through the worst of it, and the environment may be getting better at the margin. I don't want to go too far and say that. Why shouldn't this be the worst for the core-on-core, notwithstanding comparisons, but they get harder, but then they start to get easier? Yeah. Look, I think that's hopefully how the storybook goes. It's always going to be something. But, no, look, jokes aside, we feel pretty good about structurally what we've been able to accomplish, and part of that's market share. We're with higher sales levels, and, you know, we've not stopped what I'll call the buyer creativity of working with suppliers to figure out how to continue to drive greater value. So I can think of 50 examples, but at the end of the day, you know, we're continuing to drive value in lots of ways, whether it's changing packaging or, you know, using our volume, moving certain production to different parts of the world, and to take – again, to make that moat even a little bigger. So I agree with you that, so far, the story that you suggested is playing out, and hopefully it will continue to play out. Fair enough. My second question is more on SG&A and the business's leverage point. We used to chat about, you know, Costco always doing mid-single-digit comps, and that's good enough to cover the SG&A dollar growth. I think this quarter the business did about 6.5% dollar growth adjusted, and you're going to have some of these wage investments that it will annualize, well, maybe not to the middle or closer to the end of the year. So I'm trying to get at what a normal post-COVID SG&A rate may look like, and then, you know, does that mean it's sort of that mid-single-digit comp rate that levers those expenses? I think this relates to the – probably the best guesstimate – and I say guesstimate, not estimate – on where do you start – where's the inflection point of leveraging SG&A? Probably still is in that mid-single-digit range. Beyond that, who the heck knows? I mean, we've been able – you know, notwithstanding some of these increases, we've been able – particularly in wages, we've been able – again, strong comps have helped these numbers. But I think we feel pretty good about having the sales volumes that continue to be able to leverage those expenses. So as soon as we find out, we'll let you know. But, again, we're feeling pretty good about things at this juncture. You know, and at some point, I would assume comps have to come back to a – hopefully better than – better than pure average, but, you know, something back to where they had been pre-COVID, but on a higher base. And even that helps you a little bit. Okay. Great. Thanks. Happy holidays, everyone. You too. For the next question, we have Christopher Hovers from J.P. Morgans. Christopher, you're lying to open. Thanks. Good evening, everybody. So I wanted to ask a little bit about your thoughts on holiday pull forward. Obviously, you saw an acceleration and trend on a two-year basis in October, and then, you know, November. You know, things obviously still an amazing comp and gaining share, but, you know, trends decelerated, and, you know, it was sort of against what was a weaker, I think, end of the month last year. So can you talk about, like, what do you think is driving that? How do you think about the rest of the holiday season? And as you think about a consumer that's going to, you know, lap a bunch of stimulus in the first half of next year, what are your initial thoughts on how that all could play out? Well, I think, you know, again, as you just mentioned, November's comps were a shade under outside expectations, still very good, you know, a couple percentage points different than what we had been enjoying a couple of months prior to that. Probably the view is a little bit of that was pulling forward, but even within last month's number, the weeks varied, and overall were good, but, you know, just when, you know, when it comes, it's reduced a little, the next day it's better than you expected. So I think the one thing that I feel good about is our in-stocks. You know, our senior merchant the other day had indicated, his view is that, his feeling is that we're better in-stock than anybody out there, and I think part of that is the fact of limited selection. We are an item business. We could put something else in place or something, but we've done a pretty good job. I mean, I had a, you know, with a little bit of a chuckle at a call just yesterday from a reporter asking about how are we doing on cream cheese. And so I checked, and we're actually, there's a big cream cheese shortage out there, and the bagel shops are being challenged. We actually have got, as the buyer said, it took a little extra work, but we've got all the cream cheese we need. So I think we've done a good job in merchandising. Got it. And so I guess as you, you know, as you think about last year and the stimulus, I mean, do you think that, I mean, actually I think the consumer as you get closer to Christmas and New Year's probably comes back if people are entertaining more, like you said, on the baking side. But as you get into, you know, January and stimulus and stimulus in the spring, do you think your business lifted off of stimulus last year? Look, it couldn't hurt. It probably helped a little bit. I know historically when there's been some stimulus items out there, factors, our view is that we have not been impacted as much as either, but directionally we've been impacted the same. Look, if next year there's a reduction in stimulus, Lord knows what's going to happen with the stock market in general and how people feel about how they feel financially. That may all change a little bit, but I feel, we feel pretty good around here that in, you know, one of the things that we've shown over the years that both in good and bad times, we tend to do well. Well, in good times because people want to spend more and even in less good times, people want to save more. And so I think from a merchandising standpoint and in tougher times, there's additional products and services that might be willing to sell us for the first time. So in our own perverse way, we sometimes benefit from good and bad, and right now we're feeling pretty good about what the future looks like. Oh, by the way, the other thing that Bob just mentioned, that even if certain things head south in some way, shape, or form, like reduction or elimination of certain stimulus items, supply chain at some point is going to get better. As good as our numbers are, we could do better if we had more supply of certain of those items. Even in some categories in non-food that are up 20 and 30 plus percent, the buyer's view, we're still running out of stuff or that could do better if we had more. And that's not just us. I mean, it rains on everybody. But I think some improvement in supply chain will be an offset to any other things that are detrimental to that thought. Got it. Thanks very much. And enjoy the run on cream cheese at the clubs this weekend. Take care. True story. For our next question, we have Chalk Broom from Gordon Hasek. Chalk, your line's open. Hey, I'm Richard Bob, team. Hope you guys are doing well. Just a question on leverage. You know, if we back up the one-time charge this quarter, it looks like you enjoyed over 100 basis points of improvement year-over-year. You had 65 basis points last quarter. Not fully realizing the comps on a stack basis were better, but wondering if some investments or other costs may have rolled off. Just some thoughts on that front. I think more of it is just the leverage of sales growth, frankly. Again, taking out the specific COVID-related charges that we talked about. And, in fact, what we didn't talk about in terms of separating in the press release was that dollar-an-hour increase we did in March and the new one that had a small impact in Q1 because it started six weeks ago. So, but in that regard, there's nothing that stands out in my view, in my estimate. I'm looking at my guys here. Do you – no, no. It was strong sales. It was strong. Strong sales would be the number one factor. Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the storefront, you know, 14 opened thus far in 22, so you're more than halfway to the goal, which is great. I was wondering, you know, bigger picture, has there been any more discussions to backfill some of your existing markets, you know, your higher density areas where perhaps some stores, you know, just can't handle any more productivity more, you know, any more throughput just because of the volumes? I think that's – the answer is yes, and I think that'll be, you know, small methodical increases in that thought over the next several years. I mean, it used to be that we'd talk about when we had 400 warehouses and the average – I'm making those numbers up – that the average was, you know, 180. And now the – you know, I think we have an average several years later in the high 200s, in the U.S. at least. What? And we have a number of units in the 300 to 400 range. I mean, not hundreds, but, you know, tens of. And so we are looking for more infill. But we've been doing that, and, you know, if it was three to five a year or three to seven – three to five a year in the last five years, is it going to be five to eight a year? Could be. I don't have that kind of detail in front of me. Okay, great. And then my last one is just to follow up on Christmas on November. I believe you guys did call out that there was some moderation in retail inflation, you know, maybe 150 basis points or so. I'm just wondering if you could provide any color on, I guess, on where that retail inflation came in and, I guess, why that happened. Was it self-inflicted? Just wanted to give some color there. One thing that was a little lower was from the increases in food and sundries – some food and sundries items in fresh. That had spiked even more. It's still up year over year, but it spiked a little – it came down a little bit from where it had been. And then we haven't quantified anything specific beyond that. Okay. All right. And by the way, as you might expect, there are suppliers out there that are saying, hey, you know, come January, February, you'll see some more increases. And, again, this is not inconsistent with what you – what I've read in general articles in the various business periodicals. Okay, so just a lot of timing differences. Okay. Yeah. Great. Thanks a lot. For the next question, we have John Hybenboko from Guggenheim. John, your line's open. So, Richard, how is KS performing? And what happens – or how do you think about it in an inflationary environment in terms of how you take price versus like items on the national brand side? And does KS do better in an inflationary environment? Look, many of our KS items are of such large volumes, it's not unlike dealing with the comparable large volumes we do in a branded CPG item. And so we're out there, you know, fighting with both of them to, you know, to try to mitigate those cost increases. KS still grows at a little faster rate than others, but nothing discernible. I think we keep finding new items to do KS with and for a variety of different reasons, and so it continues to drive that brand. But, no, I don't think there's a – we don't see a big difference of how that's changing. Secondly, you know, you talk – the 70% on Costco Logistics is 70% of your needs. You're at what capacity in logistics? Is it still 50% or is it crept above that? It's in the 50 range. Maybe it's slightly higher than that based on our – when we originally, you know, bought what's now Costco Logistics a year and a half ago. We've moved over a bunch of volume. We've grown it as well, you know, grown our total base of need. And I think we're slightly above the 50% that we felt we had capacity for at the time, and certainly have plenty of capacity over the next few years. Mind you, we're spending money on it. Part of our fulfillment in logistics is – I think I mentioned on the last quarterly call within CapEx, we had spent $340 or so million dollars on a multi-acre million – 1.6 million square foot distribution facility in Southern California. That's for a variety of needs. Some of the – much of what we bought in the Innovel acquisition in March or April of 2020, more than 10 million square feet of space around the country, much of it's leased. Much of it's fine, by the way, but we're – not all of it was geographically, particularly the big sites, the million square foot sites were in areas where we're stronger relative to where Sears is stronger or where they had most of their business at the time. So we're still spending money on it and upgrading it. But we're – you know, again, from a merchandising standpoint, we're very excited about it, and it's helped us grow that business in a big way. And given our small market share of many of those items, particularly on the appliance side, we feel there's a lot of growth potential for us. Okay. Thank you. For the next question, we have Karen Schwartz from Barclays. Karen, your line's open. Hey, thanks very much. I wanted to just talk about ticket a little bit. So U.S. ticket at 3.5%. Can you kind of parse that out on units per transaction, well, versus AUP, but also tie that into the inflation numbers that you called out? For the quarter and or your expectations on inflation? Honestly, I can't. I don't have that detail or thought in front of me. You know, generally speaking, you've got electronics that – like TVs and what have you – that are going down in price, maybe a little less this year because there's less promotions because of shortages. I mean, at every budget meeting every four weeks, we're presented examples of items where we're taking down the price of high-volume key items by changing the packaging, by moving some aspect of manufacturing to another part of the world. And so I don't have the detail, Karen, in front of me for that. Sorry. Okay. And then I wanted to – I don't think this has been asked for a while, but can you give an update maybe on what the average ticket is for executive members versus gold? And then, you know, I know you gave the – obviously you've given the percent of sales, but frequency of executive versus gold, how maybe that's changed over the last, you know, almost two years of the pandemic? I will – somebody's just running out of the room to see if they can grab that sheet, and I'll answer it as soon as they get back. If you want to ask another question or move on to the next one, but I'll intervene when he gets back. Well, my standard question would be just on your cash balance in terms of thoughts on a special dividend. Oh. Well, as soon as we know, you'll know, or the day after. The – look, our cash position is strong. One of the things I pointed out is our CapEx is also increasing in a conscious way. Notwithstanding that, our cash flow from operations is growing at quite a stronger rate as well. It's something that we've done four times in eight years. We, you know, we and the shareholders seem to like it when we do it. And so I'm not trying to be cute, but we haven't made that decision at this juncture. It's probably a when, not if, but, you know, when will be when we do it. Okay. And then maybe just while you're waiting for that, numbers on the executive, can you just maybe give us some color on what percent of freight is actually spot versus contract? I don't know if you've ever given that number. I don't have the exact number, but I'm willing to bet it's 80-plus percent. I could be wrong a little bit, but it's contracted. Now, recognizing it with contracts, we might do one-, two-, and three-year contracts. So we're still benefiting on three-year stuff and benefiting a little on two-year stuff and have now gone beyond the benefit of the one-year stuff. And so it's over a two- or three-year period. But our assumption is it will take less than that time to start to normalize somewhat. Okay. Great. Is it higher today than it was? Yes. But it's – yeah, but it's – I think, again, we probably with other large users of freight and containers have probably done a pretty good job of at least staggering that and not having to do a lot of spot stuff so far. Great. Yeah, I mean, if you get those numbers on executive and gold on ticket and frequency, that would be great. Total. Okay, what they came back with right now is we don't have – I don't have – I don't have quickly average ticket changes, but the total spend per executive member compared to a Gold Star member is almost 3X. Okay. Thank you. Call it two and a half to three. Thank you. Okay. Thanks so much. Thank you. For our next question, we have Greg Mavic from Evercore ISI. Greg, your line's open. Hi, thanks. I have two questions, Richard. One is digging a little bit into the margins, the gross margins. You said gas and travel had helped but then offset by e-commerce. Could you sort of explain, you know, where – so that gas penny profit was up even if the mix hurt? Is that – Margin percent was down, but you've got a 40, 50 percent increase in price per gallon. Correct. Got it. So you still might have more pennies per gallon, but the margin itself was down. Got it. And then that was offset by e-commerce. Well, e-commerce – yeah. And again, I wouldn't read a lot into any of that description. We're just trying to share with everyone directionally what helps it and hurts it a little bit. E-commerce, just given all the activity we've gotten, expenditures on fulfillment and expansion and doing what we can, you know, over time when we're pulling tickets if we – if something else happened, I don't view it as a big issue for my – it's not – whatever – whether the margin's up a little, down a little, it's less about competition and more about what's the product mix that month or week and what else is going on with this rapid expansion and investment in it. Got it. And then maybe to tie back your discussion on the logistics, big and bulky, if we look at – if e-commerce is roughly 8% of sales, is big and bulky a quarter of that? Is that the kind of scale we're talking about? It's over a third. It's over a third now. Great. And then last but not least, the renewal rates, you know, continuing to tick up, I guess, is impressive. How do we – shouldn't that come off at some point? Just – just given that you have more first-year members? When it gets to 100. No, just kidding. Look, I think, as I mentioned earlier in this and when I was speaking, probably the single biggest thing that's helping it right now is auto-renew. As we get more people on a credit card, both in the two big co-branded in the U.S. and Canada, that's a no-brainer to help a little bit. As we convert people to executive member and as we – for every 100 new people signing up, a slightly higher number of them sign up as executive members, they are more likely to renew. So those things help as well. The thing I mentioned about new warehouses and markets around the world tend to be – while they have a very – a much lower renewal rate in their first year of renewal or year two, then that will continue to grow as more people have renewed the prior year. Those are starting – generally, those are starting at higher rates than they were. So all those things help a little bit. I'd like to think it's all the wonderful things we do and the value proposition, but certainly auto-renew is probably a good help there. Got it. And then last, because someone has to ask it, just fee increase. I guess back half next year is when it will be five years since the last one. What are the thoughts on that, just given that members seem to be self-selecting a fee hike already through the executive membership? Does that change your thought process as to when you might hike the fee? No. And our only thought is we'll probably start getting questions about now. There you go. So, but no, it's still a while away, but we certainly feel good. As I've said in the past, renewal rates, strong renewal rates and loyalty help that process and that thought process, and we'll see. But, you know, it's still a little bit of time to think about it. Okay. Well, have a great holiday season, everyone. Thank you. For our next question, we have Rupesh Parikh from Openheimer. Rupesh, your line is open. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. So, I wanted to touch on Canada and other internationals. We saw a strong and accelerating two-year comp transfer for both Canada and other international. Is there any more color you can provide in terms of maybe what you're seeing in those geographies? I'm getting a little help here. It's more, it's probably most, I agree, it's probably most about how COVID impacted different countries differently timing-wise. I remember a year ago and a year and a half ago, you know, some of the foreign countries did better while we were being locked down, and then a little later they got locked down. And so part of it is, you know, one of the reasons I think everybody's picked up on the two-year stack concept. But I think that's, as much as anything, that's the reason. Okay, great. And then as you look at your ancillary businesses, is there a way you can find an update in terms of how they're trending now versus pre-pandemic? I don't have that detail with me, but generally speaking, you know, tires are picked up, as an example, it's not an ancillary business. But, you know, the El Cosco Auto Program is down because there's a shortage of cars out there. Travel is up, not where it was pre- ... It was almost back to where it was pre-COVID, and then Delta variant hit. And then it was coming back again, and then Omicron hit. And so it fluctuates pretty quickly. Omicron? And I'm trying to think of the other things. Food courts have come back. I don't think they're quite where they were, but they're almost there. Hearing aids have come back, but still, I think, slightly below pre-pandemic. Optical's doing great. Pharmacy's doing great. Helped, frankly, by the shots. We, like other retail pharmacies, are providing plenty of vaccines. Okay, great. Thank you for all the color. Okay. For our next question, we have Stephanie Winsick from Jeffrey's. Stephanie, your lines open. Hi, good afternoon. This is Blake on for Steph. First question would be, higher level, you know, you guys are a big proponent of the in-store shopping experience. It seems like store sales have been fairly strong as of late for retailers. So, wondering, you know, how's your in-store shopping compared versus e-com versus your expectations recently? And then maybe if you can share any e-com pilots you might have that you've been working on. I know you mentioned you did a pickup test, but you discontinued that. Anything maybe in the works that you can share? Well, you know, both in-store and online have picked up. You know, the pickup from things like Instacart for Same Day Fresh skyrocketed during the lockdowns in mid to summer, you know, mid to late summer 2020. It came down from those peaks, but it's still way above where it was pre-COVID. But e-commerce is, as you know, because we talk about it every quarter, is, you know, 8% or 9% of our sales on a company that is $192 billion in sales for the year ended this last August. So, that's, you know, a lot bigger than it was, you know, two years ago. I think the last three or four quarters, the two-year stack is 100-plus percent. But notwithstanding that, and part of that is the big and bulky that has helped that number, which we really weren't driving that kind of business in-store anyway. The fact that I think that, as we've heard occasionally, that notwithstanding some people don't like our mask requirements when we first put them in back in May of 2020, I think overall people felt if I've got to go out, I'm going to go out to one place and bulk up on stuff and with taller ceilings and wider aisles and all those things, I've got to believe that psychologically that's helped a little bit. At the end of the day, we were all surprised by, if I go back to, you know, March of 2020, we're surprised by the strength in non-foods categories, summer and fall of 2020, much less now, much the same now. It was because people weren't traveling and they weren't going to games and concerts, but they were buying things for their home. And we certainly had, on top of all the food items, all the other things they could buy for their home. So that was a pleasant surprise to us, and that's continued. In terms of other tests, not a whole lot. I mean, we did have that small test in New Mexico with buy online and pick up in-store. We're, as I mentioned on the call, you know, have over, a year from now, have over 200 of our U.S. warehouses with lockers. In terms of buying online and pick up in-store, we're not quite sure about that. We have very busy locations. There's not a lot of room for it, and it doesn't seem to be a lot of people clamoring for that. In fact, over half the people that come in and do that on a few things that we buy online in the lockers, they come in and shop while they're there. And so, and that's what we want. So beyond that, I don't think, I think some of the things we're doing that I mentioned briefly about mobile and digital, some of these things everybody else have, we are sometimes late to the game on some of these things, but those should be all net additive to what we do. That's super helpful. I was also wondering on your inventory positioning, how much are you getting ahead of, you know, any seasonal items or any challenges you may foresee for Q2 and Q3 for the spring and summer? I don't know exactly. I know that consciously they, you know, the buyers when they present at the budget meetings are talking about those issues. We are bringing in things early. We certainly have, you know, you think about it, what we call our depot or our view of distribution system in the U.S. was something like 10 million square feet. And we essentially slightly more than doubled that with the Innovel acquisition. Aside from other things, that helps us with a little storage if we need it or bringing in things early. And recognizing we start with, you know, we are somewhat seasonal, but historically we've always brought things in early anyway. So we've, whatever it may be, we certainly have the cash, as somebody mentioned earlier, to have a, you know, some extra billion dollars invested in inventory, even if it hangs around for a little bit. But I think overall, some of our items are still a little later than they would be pre-COVID, but better than they would be if we were not doing as good a job as I think we are doing on forward buying. Perfect. If I could sneak one last one in, I might have missed it, but I think you said for the net new openings this year, you said 19. I thought the last quarter you were aiming more towards 25. Is there anything to call out there? Well, I said it was 19 more in the last three quarters of the year, the fiscal year, plus the 80-21. Perfect. Thank you very much. For our next question, we have Paul Lewis from Citi. Paul, their lines open. Hey, everyone. This is Brandon Petemann for Paul. I was wondering if we could talk about the increase in CapEx. I think last we spoke, we thought CapEx would have a three in front of it. Now it sounds like it has a four in front of it. I was just wondering, you know, was there a change in the strategy there and specifically on the e-com investments? You know, do you feel like you're playing some catch up there or, you know, laying the groundwork for growth? Just anything that you can share with that? Sure. I think in short previous, as it relates to this year, we had talked about, I think, three, eight to four, two, quote, unquote. Now we're saying about four. These numbers are up from the mid-threes over the last couple of years, low to mid-threes over the last couple of years. In fact, last year's three-six included a $340 or $345 million asset purchase that I mentioned earlier in the Southwest and Southern California, which is basically a million and a half plus square foot facility with lots of acreage to help with our fulfillment as well as our import stuff. And so I think there's, if you said, what are the big things taking you from the low threes to the low fours over a few years of period? It's more international expansions, which tends to be a little more expensive per location. More expansion, you know, in fiscal 20, we were down to 13 net new units because of some delays with COVID. I think we were at 20 and 21, and we're going to be 27 net new units this fiscal year plus five reloads, which is six reloads planned. We might miss that a little bit, but at the end of the day, so there's more warehouses, clearly more in the whole fulfillment concept, starting with the billion-dollar acquisition a year ago of what's now Costco logistics, starting with adding additional square footage to that as well as the international things. And even on the distribution side or what we call our cross-stock depots, spending money overseas now in some of these countries to do some of that in a better way. Actually, building a mini-depot in Hawaii where we have five locations? Yeah. Seven, I'm sorry. Seven locations, but huge volume locations. And so we've gotten to the volume and efficiency there that these are good investments. So it's a lot of those things. Mind you, we still spend all in, you know, close to a billion dollars a year in IT. Got it. And that's how we should kind of think about it going forward, long-term. By the way, that's not all CapEx. That's expenses as well. Go ahead. I'm sorry? And the kind of $4 billion range is what we should think about CapEx for the long-term. I don't know. For the long-term, I think four sounds about right for the next year or two. And if things continue to go well and grow well, maybe it goes up from there a little bit. But, you know, we're not looking to spend it if we don't think we have good things to spend it on just because our cash flow has been exceeding net income plus – you know, our cash flow has been exceeding regular dividend plus capital expenditures and the like. Got it. And you also mentioned that, you know, you're able to change out products when you're, you know, faced with shortages. Yeah, I was wondering if you could quantify that versus, you know, kind of a normal quarter. And, you know, if you are switching out, you know, more than usual, you know, what impact does that have on, you know, consumer behavior there and anything on the logistics side as well? I think it's – I don't have the exact number, but my guess is it's a small, you know, low to mid-single-digit percentage. What it means, though, is when back – going all the way back to spring of 2020 and there were – people were hoarding goods, we were going out to additional suppliers to see what we can get, recognizing from their perspective it creates a new relationship, which we'll honor going forward, not just for the three months that we needed it then. And so I think there were opportunities to just expand product brands by necessity to some things. And with, I think, going into last summer and fall with that advent of all the things for the home, both, you know, patio furniture and lawn gardens and barbecue grills and indoor furniture and electronics and gadgets for the kitchen, we took advantage of that and brought in additional items. And so it's more that than anything. And the treasure hunt, yeah. So it's still a small piece, but I think it's – sometimes when I go into some retailers, I'm not going to name names, but you'll see a shelf half empty or some spaces. First of all, why don't you put something there? And – but at the end of the day, I think our buyers have done a very good job of keeping the warehouses full. Great. Thanks, and good luck for a holiday. For our next question, we have Edward Kelly from Wells Fargo. Edward, your line is open. Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Happy holidays. Richard, I wanted to ask you about Grossmarge. You know, as you said, pretty small things considered. Any additional thoughts that you can share in the current quarter in the – or any reason we should expect some incremental price? You know, somewhat similar. You were breaking up entirely during that call, so I heard about every other word, if you want to repeat yourself. Yeah, sorry. So I wanted to ask you about the gross margin. You know, as you said, pretty good, all things considered. Any additional thoughts you can share on the current quarter? You know, comparisons in the core look similar, I think. Just wondering if there's any reason we should expect any incremental pressure. From a competitive standpoint, I mean, there's lots of – everybody's competitive. Again, I think, structurally, our model allows us to benefit from that. We talked about, you know, more pennies per gallon of profit. That allows us to do some other things. I think we've got a – I think we have a lot of levers to pull here, and we feel pretty good that we are able to hold the prices on key items, and to – I don't really think that we consider the challenge of achieving a margin. We're pretty good at figuring out how to get there while still being, you know, the company we are in terms of competitiveness. So no big changes of what we see out there. It's just – Okay. Just there's a lot of changes every month, and, you know, some things go up and some things go down, but overall we feel pretty good about it. All right, and then just one for you a little bit more big picture just around, you know, customer data. I was hoping maybe you could just provide an update on, you know, things like personalization, and then media is something that, you know, we hear a lot of people talk about. You know, maybe just any thoughts on, you know, what you're doing with that opportunity as well. I think there's still, you know, low-hanging fruit on the tree here. We've talked about it a little bit. We've done a little bit more targeting than we have ever done, but very little. There is more to come. You know, it was just a year and a half ago that we hired someone at a relatively senior level in terms of, you know, data analytics, but that's not the only thing they're working on, and they're the group that he's put together. But, you know, so I think those are things that will come over time in the next few years. That's pretty much what I can tell you about that. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I'm going to take two more questions, Sadie. We'll do, sir. And for the next question, we have Laura Champagne from Loop Capital. Laura, I'm lying to you. Thanks, Richard. Mine will be quick. It's a follow-on. You'd mentioned that renewal rates are still headed higher in part because of, likely, because of the auto renew. What percentage of your membership is on auto renew at this point? A little over 50, but a little under 50 U.S. It's about 50 in the U.S. and Canada, which would imply – and that's really where we have it, where we have the co-brand cards. And U.S. and Canada is about 80% of our companies, so the 50 becomes a 40 if you – rough numbers. Got it. Oh, I'm sorry. You can do it on any card. We're not just co-brand, but in the U.S. and Canada, it's about 50. Understood. Thank you so much. For our last question, we have Kelly Bania from BMO Capital. Kelly, lines open. Oh, thanks for squeezing me in here. I just wanted to talk, Richard, about just the inflationary environment. And you've talked a little bit in the past couple quarters about how your price gaps have widened. Do you think this kind of magnitude of inflation is just good for Costco's business? I mean, have you seen anything like this in the past where it could possibly just drive even more volume into your doors? I mean, from an argument that things are more costly, on the one hand, maybe it reduces demand overall in the sense that we're – the extreme value proposition, that helps us. So, you know, who the heck knows? I think what I was reading this morning in the paper was this is the highest inflation in so many years. It wasn't that long ago, though, you know, 10-plus years ago, that regular inflation was 2% or 3% a year. And, of course, it's going to be a little more for a year. But at the end of the day, I think it helps us a little because of the value proposition that we have. That makes sense. Yes, and a lot has been asked here, but just wanted to also just check on self-checkout and where you are with that, and if there's any color you can help us understand on the savings or the impact on the cost structure when you put in some self-checkout and the potential for that initiative going forward. We pretty much have it now in most locations, and I'm speaking of the U.S. and Canada. And I know even across the street, in many locations, we've expanded it from originally, you know, two lanes of three or six to three lanes of three or even four lanes of three. So in a four-lane area, you could have 12 people checking out. And so my guess is it's still going to grow a little as we expand existing units to offer a little bit more of it, and it's been a positive. Okay, thank you. Well, thank you, everyone, and have a good holiday season, and we're around to answer additional questions. Have a good day. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.