 Good day and thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q1 Earnings Call.
 At this time, all participants are in the listen-only mode.
 After this speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 I want to like to hand a conference over to your speaker today, Richard Galanze.
 Thank you.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Sadie, and good afternoon to everyone.
 I'll start by stating that these discussions
 will include forward-looking statements
 within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform
 Act of 1995, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events
 results in or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.
 and uncertainties include, but are not
 limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time
 to time in the company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.
 forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the
 the company does not understate to update these statements, except as required by law.
 In today's press release, we reported operating results for the first quarter of fiscal 22.
 the 12 weeks ended November 21st.
 Net income for the quarter came in at $1.324 billion
 or $2.98 per diluted share compared to $1.166 billion
 or $2.62 per diluted share last year.
 This year included a tax benefit of $91 million or 21 cents this year related to stock-based
 compensation and a write-off of certain IT assets of $118 million pre-tax or $0.20 per
 share.
 Last year included tax benefits of $145 million, or 33 cents per diluted share, 16 cents of
 which was due to the deductibility of the $10 per share special cash dividend received
 by the company's 401k plan participants and $0.17
 related to stock-based compensation, as well as
 incremental expenses for COVID-19 premium wages
 of $212 million pre-tax, which was a hit last year
 a quarter of 35 cents per share.
 That sales for the quarter increased 16.7% to $49.42 billion, up from $42.35 billion
 dollars a year earlier in the first quarter.
 I think for sales for the first quarter
 where it follows.
 in the U.S. on a reported basis for the 12 weeks, up 14.9 percent, and excluding gas inflation
 and the impacts of FX, up 9.9%.
 Canada, reported 17.2.
 X gas and FX plus 8.3%.
 Other international reported 13.4, ex-guest and inflation in FX up 10.9.
 All told, the company reported a 15% increase on a comp basis and 9.8% up X-Gas and FX.
 And e-commerce, which was reported at 14.3,
 FX was at 13.3.
 In terms of Q1 Comp Sales metrics, traffic or shopping frequency increased 6.8% worldwide
 and up 5.9% in the U.S. during the quarter.
 Our average transaction or ticket was up 7.7% worldwide and 8.5% in the U.S. during the
 the quarter, excluding the positive impact from gas inflation and effects, the average
 ticket was up, X that, plus 2.5% worldwide and plus 3.5% in the U.S.
 Foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar positively impacts sales by about 90 basis
 points and gasoline price inflation positively impacted sales by approximately 430 basis points.
 Next on the income statement, membership fee income, reported in the quarter $946 million
 up $85 million or 9.9% from last year's $861 million figure.
 FX, the $5 million increase would have been $80 million and the 9.9% increase would be
 9.3%.
 set. In terms of renewal rates at Q at first quarter end, our US and Canada
 rate came in at 91.6 percent, up three tenths of a percent from the 12-week
 earlier figure at Q4 end.
 And as well, the world wide rate came in at 89.0%, also up 3 tenths of a percent from
 12 weeks ago at Q4 to REND.
 Thank you for that.
 The renewal rates are continuing to benefit from more members' auto renewing, as well
 as increased penetration of executive members who, on average, renew at a higher rate than
 and non-executive members, and first-year renewal rates, which have improved a little.
 In terms of number of members at end of first quarter, in terms of member households as
 as well as total cardholders.
 At Q1 end, total paid households was $62.5 million.
 up 800,000 from 61.7 a quarter ago and total cardholders 113.1 million,
 up a million and a half from the 111.6 million 12 weeks ago.
 At Q1N, paid executive members totaled $26.5 million
 an increase of 836,000 during the 12 weeks since Q4 end.
 Executive members represent 42% of our members
 and a little over 70% of our sales.
 Moving down to the gross margin line,
 A reported gross margin for the first quarter was lower year over year by 49 basis points
 and excluding gas inflation, lower year over year by six basis points.
 As you normally do, I actually jot down a few numbers.
 There are two columns, both reported year over year in Q1 and then without gas inflation
 year over year in Q1.
 line item would be core merchandise minus
 tricks, not minus 63 basis points year over year on a reported basis and minus 26 basis
 points without gas inflation. Ancillary in other businesses plus two on a reported basis
 and plus 12 x gas inflation, 2% reward plus 3
 in minus one basis point, LIFO minus three in both columns, other plus 12 basis points
 in both columns.
 Total then, on a reported basis, margins were down 49 basis points year over year, and X
 gas inflation down six basis points.
 In terms of the core merchandise component of gross margin being lowered by 63 year over
 year and 26 basis points ex-gas inflation. Recall last year in Q1 the core reported was
 up 83 basis points, and ex-gas up 66 basis points.
 So we've retained a good portion of the improvement from two years ago in the Corps.
 In terms of the core margin on their own sales in the first quarter, our core on core margins
 were lower by 18 basis points, with non-foods slightly up and food and sundries slightly
 lower year over year. Also, lower year over year, fresh foods was the primary driver of
 the core of the car being lower in the quarter.
 Fresh continues to lapse exceptional labor productivity
 and low product spoilage that occurred from the outside sales that began the year that
 that happened a year ago in the quarter.
 Ancillary and other business gross margin was higher by two basis points on a reported
 basis and again plus 12 basis points ex-gas inflation. Gas and travel were better year
 year-over-year as the anniversary of Soft Recorder a year ago, offset by ECOM, which
 which was particularly strong a year ago
 and also related to the pandemic.
 LIFO, we had a three basis point or $14 million LIFO charge
 the quarter.
 2% reward, higher by 3 on a reported basis and lower by 1 excluding gas inflation, a reflection
 of slightly higher sales penetration going to the increased number of executive members.
 and other was up 12 basis points.
 This is related to COVID related costs from a year ago.
 that portion of the COVID related wages
 that go into the cost of sales, like many,
 manufacturing businesses in our meat and bakery departments.
 given the inflationary pressures and our ongoing efforts to mitigate price increases to our
 members in the face of inflation as best we can.
 Our Q1 gross margins results all in all,
 I think we're pretty good.
 Moving to S.G.N.A.
 A reported SGNA in the first quarter was lower or better year over year by 66 basis points
 and 29 basis points excluding gas inflation.
 Again jotting down two columns of numbers, first column being reported and the second
 column being ex-gas inflation, operations was better or lower by 40 basis points and
 ex-gas inflation better or lower by 11 basis points.
 Central reported better by 10.
 without inflation, yes inflation, better by six.
 stock compensation better by two and worse by one in the two columns, and other better
 by 14 and better by 13 year over year.
 Total then, again on a reported basis,
 her SG&A was better or lower by 66 basis points,
 and ex-gas inflation lower or better by 29 basis points.
 Keep in mind, in terms of the core, again, better by 40 or better by 11 X gas inflation,
 even mind this result includes the permanent dollar an hour wage increase
 that began in March of 2021.
 and four weeks of additional starting wage increases
 that we just took this past October going from $16 to $17 and from $1650 to $18 for our
 or two main categories of hourly employees.
 These latest changes and the starting wages
 went into effect October 25th, just six weeks ago,
 And four weeks of those six weeks were included in Q1.
 Central, and that's no surprises there, again, on an ex-gas inflation basis, Better by Six,
 as I mentioned a little better,
 a little worse by one ex-gas inflation,
 and other, the 14 and the 13 basis points numbers.
 This consisted of the COVID expense of $159 million last year and the $118 million right
 off of the impacted IT assets that I mentioned earlier.
 Act on the income statement is pre-opening expense.
 This year in the quarter $28 million, last year in the quarter $22 or $6 million higher.
 All told, reporting of operating income in the first quarter increased 18%, coming in
 at $1.693 billion this year in the quarter compared to $1.43 billion last year.
 Below the operating income line, interest expense was $39 million each of the first quarters
 so fiscal 21 and 22.
 interest income interest expense rather interest income and other for the
 quarter was higher by 13 million year-over-year, primarily due to favorable
 over.
 Over.
 Thank you.
 We're all reported pre-tax income in the first quarter
 was up 19% coming in at 1.696 billion.
 this year compared in the first quarter last year of $1.42 billion.
 In terms of income taxes, our tax rate in the first quarter of 22 was 20.7 percent compared
 to 16.8% in Q1 last year.
 Again, both year's tax rates benefited from the tax treatment of stock-based compensation
 as mentioned earlier, 91 million this year and 75 million last year in the quarter, additionally
 last year's tax rate benefited from the tax deductibility of the special dividend at that
 a portion payable to the company's 401k plan participants.
 the fiscal 22 effective tax rate,
 Excluding these discrete items is currently projected to be between 26 and 27 percent.
 A few other items of note in terms of warehouse expansion as you know for fiscal twenty one
 We opened 22 units, including two RELOS, so net increase of 20 units during fiscal 21.
 this quarter that ended a couple weeks ago we opened nine units including one
 so net openings of eight.
 For the remainder of the year, we plan to open 23 new units, and also plan to open 23 units,
 four of which would be relocations, so a net of 19 if all goes as planned.
 It's been a busy past seven days.
 We opened our second Costco in France last Saturday on December 4th.
 followed by our second building in China which opened yesterday, as well as two buildings
 opening this morning, opening today, one in the U.S. and Florida, and our fourth unit
 in Spain.
 Regarding CAPEX, our first quarter fiscal 22 spend
 was approximately 1.05 billion.
 Our full year cap X spend is estimated to be just about $4 billion.
 This would represent an increase of more than $400 million over last year's entire CapEx figure of $3.6 billion.
 largest areas of increase coming from international spending for new warehouse expansion and increased
 investment in our logistics and econ fulfillment operations.
 In terms of e-commerce, sales in the quarter, XFX increased 13.3% year over year, that's
 of course, on top of an 86% plus increase a year ago
 in the first quarter.
 Stronger apartments in terms of euro percentages include jewelry,
 tires and home furnishings.
 Our largest merchandise department in terms of sales
 majors, which is everything from consumer electronics
 TVs to appliances, et cetera, was up in the high single digits, also on a very strong
 sales increase a year earlier.
 In terms of an update on classical logistics, it continues to drive our big and bulky sales.
 the quarter Costco logistics deliveries were up over 50 percent and now
 represent about 70% of our U.S. e-com big and bulky shipments.
 We've averaged during the quarter more than 50,000 stops per week, and for the year we
 project more than three million stops, which would be anything from dropping something
 off to installing and taking away the old appliance for logistics in the full year.
 Our e-com mobile app, we continue to improve the site with additional features thus far
 as I've talked about in the last few quarters, quarterly calls.
 We've redesigned the app header and footer.
 We've updated and improved the menu layout.
 Our members now have the ability
 if you warehouse receipts online via both the app and desktop.
 Our co-brand city visa card is now linked.
 It can now be linked to the digital membership card and it can be used for payment.
 are now able to much more easily reschedule Ecom deliveries in the U.S. and Canada, same
 goes for rescheduling returns pickups and delivering in the first half of the new upcoming
 a new calendar year, a better labeling of fulfillment methods, members can eat will
 be able to easily see fulfillment options, be it Ecom, same day, and even nearby warehouse
 availability of a particular item at a particular item level.
 We're rolling out new e-com kiosks in the warehouse with video signage and easy touchscreen
 and ordering as well.
 We're rolling out e-commerce lockers currently in the U.S.
 We have 112 locations and we plan to more than double
 of that number during calendar year 2022.
 In terms of e-commerce, there's a program that received some press yesterday, just yesterday,
 Costco next. In a way, it's like our warehouse road shows, but online. Currently, there are
 34 suppliers and growing, but it's still quite small,
 offering just under a thousand items.
 curated items with Costco values, so please check it out when you have a chance.
 From a supply chain perspective, similar issues that we outlined in 12 weeks ago on the last
 quarterly call.
 Each is
 issue, ebbs and flows a little bit, but overall the factors, pressuring supply chains and
 include port delays, container challenges, COVID disruptions, shortages of very
 components, raw materials, ingredients and even packaging supplies, labor cost pressures
 and truck and driver challenges.
 Overall, we feel we've built pretty well with the supply chain challenges in terms of
 of delayed container arrivals on the Pacific Coast,
 about seventy nine percent of our import containers are late by an average of fifty one days
 A few percentage of those are actually a few days early and many of them are a few days
 more than 51 late. Virtually all departments are impacted. We've ordered early in many
 cases, as I mentioned I think earlier calls, given the longer lead times, less product
 and packaging challenges, but still quite a bit.
 Still some limitations on key items, but improving, again,
 ebbs and flows. Chip shortage is still impacting many items, some more than others. In some
 instances to late inventory simply extends the season. An example might be
 lawn and garden and patio. As soon as the product arrives it sells pretty quickly
 but it may extend into beyond the normal seasonal time.
 Toys and Fizzle, in fact, same thing.
 some inventory, in fact, won't make it before Christmas,
 but we've mitigated that as best as possible
 I feel pretty good about it.
 And in terms of moving on to, oh, despite all the supply chain issues, again, we're pretty
 pretty good about staying in stock and continuing to work to mitigate cost and price increases
 as best we can.
 Moving on to inflation, again, it's pretty much the same story that we told during each
 of the last two quarters. There have been an R variety of inflationary pressures that
 that we and others are seeing from labor costs to freight costs to higher demand to container
 shortages and poor delays to increase demand on certain product categories, much of what
 you see and read out there.
 are very shortages on everything from chips to oils and chemicals
 supply by facilities hit by the golf store was a while back.
 higher commodity prices.
 For Q122, in talking with our merchants here, merchants, we estimate that overall year-over-year
 price inflation to be in the four and a half to five percent range, that's a little bit
 higher of an estimated inflation rate that I discussed a quarter ago, but I think pretty
 consistent with what you read out there.
 All this said, much kudos to the job that our merchants and our traffic department and
 our operators have all been able to do in order to get the products that we need, you
 a pivot when and where necessary and keep our warehouses full.
 while keeping, you know, prices low for our members
 and continuing to show value versus our competitors.
 Look, I think overall, this is best reflected in the operating results that we continue
 achieved despite these many challenges.
 anecdotally on merchandising, you know, holiday stuff has been strong, again,
 Sometimes it depends on when the merchandise gets in, baking items, more people seem to
 be getting together or strong.
 gift cards are up dramatically from a year ago, but it was a week a year ago.
 pet products as you might expect are strong with the benefit of increasing
 that population over the past couple of years.
 Alcohol and spirits are strong, including gift boxes of various items, and of course continued
 strengthen consumer electronics appliances, furniture, and mattresses, and the like.
 Apparel actually is...
 has enjoyed much stronger sales growth this year,
 I'll be compared to relatively flat apparel sales
 a year ago.
 One last comment, our Sustainability Commitment website
 received a major refresh this week.
 So please feel free to visit the site.
 It's linked directly from our homepage
 under the column about us.
 and then click on Sustainability Commitment.
 Finally, in terms of upcoming releases,
 we will announce our December sales results
 for the five weeks ending Sunday, January 2nd,
 on Wednesday, January 5th after market close.
 With that, I will open it up to questions
 and turn it back over to Sadie.
 Thank you.
 ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and the
 the number one on your telephone.
 For our first question, we have Michael Lacer from UBS.
 Michael, your line's open.
 Good evening.
 Thanks a lot for taking my question, Richard.
 your point about the 4% to 5% inflationary increase across the assortment, typically
 Costco's been slower to raise prices than everyone else.
 That seems to be a number that's in line with others
 across the retail sector.
 So, has the posture changed with respect to passing along price increases?
 Why is that the case?
 And does Costco have more pricing power today than it ever has in the past given the pricing
 gaps between you and others in the market?
 Well, I think as it relates to passing on, we've always said we want to be the last
 to raise the price and the first to lower the price.
 recognizing there's a limit to what you can do
 based on these cost increases.
 First and foremost, I think because of our relative purchasing power and our relationships
 to our vendors.
 We, with our suppliers, work to mitigate those increases in any way, shape, or form we can.
 Ultimately, that may include us taking a little more
 less markup and and maybe then taking a little less markup there's no complete
 consistent answer throughout as you might expect but overall I think we've
 done a relatively good job of that. And there is inflation in those numbers. Those numbers
 are kind of a combination of our cost increases as well as some price increases and again
 fluctuate there you know for every few examples of something going up there may
 may be an example of something flatter going down a little bit for unrelated reasons.
 So, again, it's a best guess.
 it's fluid. You know, we saw inflation starting several months ago in a bigger way, I think,
 in our fiscal Q4 this summer and continually
 into this fiscal year.
 And as we all have read articles,
 general articles out there about certain different major consumer product manufacturers
 announcing increases and continuing to do so.
 So I think it's going to continue.
 Hopefully we're getting towards the top
 and it'll start flattening out and subsiding,
 We'll see.
 My follow-up question is, with the core merchandise margin exfuel and the core-on-core gross margin
 getting less bad or declining at a lesser rate, this quarter than last, is this a sign
 that the margin here is stabilizing and do you think the Costco exits the pandemic with
 with a structurally higher gross margin than it's had in the past, or all these dynamics
 simply a function of what you've often said,
 which is when overall retail margins go up,
 through Costco or just a little less than others.
 Thank you.
 I think on the last comment, yes, in terms of that last comment you made, look, I think
 it'd be a
 At the end of the day, I think we in many ways have benefited from market share gains.
 hopefully some or most of which will be sticky.
 The biggest thing that impacts margins many often is not only on the buying power side
 and arguably, I can't think of any company that has the buying power per item that we
 we do because we do our roughly 200 billion in sales with, you know, 4,000-ish items versus
 anybody else that's doing it with hundreds of thousands of items or 50,000 items, but
 But I think that having higher levels of sales productivity, particularly in things
 like fresh foods helps your margin. We'll keep some of that and we'll use some of it
 to be even more competitive
 and hopefully build a bigger mode a little bit.
 But I think that some of it is probably structurally there.
 But, you know, as some famous TV actress said once,
 It's always, it's always gonna be something.
 And, you know, we'll keep fighting that battle out there.
 But we feel pretty good about some of the structural things
 that occurred that hopefully will help us in the future, but we'll have to wait and see.
 Thank you very much and have a good holiday.
 Thank you.
 For our next question, we have Simon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
 Simon, your line's open.
 Hey everyone, I'll be a simian for this call
 Well, my first question is actually a follow-up to Michael's second question.
 I'll ask it a different way, Richard.
 the the two-year
 Core on Core looks like it's actually getting better,
 and you said it yourself you thought you did a pretty good job
 on it and it looks like you are.
 So if we're kind of getting, it feels like you're managing through the worst of it and
 the environment may be getting better at the margin
 I want to go too far and say that why shouldn't be this be the worst for the
 core on core, not withstanding comparisons, but they get harder, but then they start to
 to get easier.
 Yeah, look, I think that's hopefully how the storybook goes.
 It's always gonna be something, but no, look,
 jokes aside, we feel pretty good about structurally what we've been able to
 accomplished and part of that's market share with higher sales levels and you know we've
 have not stopped what I'll call the buyer creativity of working with suppliers to figure
 out ahead of to continue to drive greater value.
 I can think of 50 examples, but at the end of the day, you know, we're continuing to
 drive value in lots of ways, whether it's changing packaging or, you know, using our
 volume, moving certain production to different parts of the world, and to take, again, to
 to make that mode even a little bigger.
 So I agree with you that, so far, the story that your suggestion is playing out, and hopefully
 it will continue to play out.
 Fair enough.
 My second question is more on SGNA
 and the business's leverage point.
 We used to chat about Costco always doing mid-single-digit comms,
 And that's good enough to cover the SG&A dollar growth.
 I think this quarter the business did about six and a half percent dollar growth adjusted
 And you're going to have some of these wage investments that
 to annualize, well, maybe not to the middle or closer to the end of the year, so I'm trying
 to get at what a normal post-COVID-SGNA rate may look like, and then, you know, does that
 mean it's sort of that mid-single-digit comp rate that levers those expenses?
 I think it relates to probably the best guesstimate, and I say guesstimate, not estimate, on where
 you start.
 inflection point of leveraging SGNA, probably still is in that mid-single-digit range.
 that who the heck knows I mean we've been able you know now is standing some of
 these increases, we've been able, particularly in wages, we've been able to, again, strong
 comps have helped these numbers, but I think we feel pretty good about having the sales
 volumes.
 continue to be able to leverage those expenses.
 So as soon as we find out, we'll let you know.
 But again, we're feeling pretty good about things
 this juncture, you know, and at some point I would assume comps have to come back to
 to a hopefully better than peer average.
 but something in back to where they had been pre-COVID,
 but on a higher base.
 And even that helps you a little bit.
 Okay, great, thanks, happy holidays everyone.
 you too.
 For the next question, we have Christopher Hovers from Dapy-Morgan's,
 Chris, for your line to open.
 Thanks. Good evening, everybody.
 So, I wanted to ask a little bit about your thoughts on Holiday Pull Forward.
 Obviously, you saw an acceleration and trend on a two-year basis in October and then, you
 You know, November, things obviously still an amazing comp and gaining share, but, you
 trying to decelerate it and, you know, it was sort of against what was a weaker, I think,
 of the month last year so can you talk about like what do you think is driving
 that, how do you think about the rest of the holiday season, and as you think about a consumer
 that's going to, you know, wrap up a bunch of stimulus in the first half of next year.
 What are your initial thoughts on how that all could play out?
 Well, I think, you know, again, as you just mentioned, November's comps were a shade under
 outside expectations. Still very good. A couple of percentage points different than what we
 had been enjoying the couple of months prior to that.
 Probably, the view is a little bit of that was pulling forward, but even within last
 month's number, the weeks varied, and overall we're good, but, you know, just when, you
 when it's reduced a little the next day, it's better than you expected.
 So, I mean, I think the one thing that I feel good about is our in-stocks, you know, are
 our senior merchant the other day and indicated his view is that his feeling is that we're
 better in stock than anybody out there and I think part of that is the fact of limited
 selection, we are an item business, we could put something else in place or something,
 We've done a pretty good job.
 I mean, I had a little bit of a chuckle at a call just yesterday from a reporter asking
 about how are we doing on cream cheese?
 She's.
 And so I checked, and we're at the between-sea storage out there, and the bagel shops are
 are being challenged.
 We actually got, as the buyer said,
 It took a little extra work, but we've got all the cream cheese we need.
 So I think we've done a good job in merchandising.
 Got it.
 And so, I guess as you think about last year and the stimulus, I mean, do you think that
 I think, actually, I think the consumer should get closer to Christmas in new years, probably
 comes back if people are entertaining more like you said on the baking side but as you
 We get into January and stimulus and stimulus in the spring.
 Do you think your business lifted off of stimulus last year?
 It couldn't hurt, it probably helped a little bit.
 I know historically when there's been some stimulus items out there factors, our view
 is that we have not been impacted as much as other, but directionally we've been impacted
 the same. Look, if next year there's a reduction in the
 stimulus.
 The Lord knows what's going to happen with the stock market in general and how people
 feel about where they feel financially, that may all change a little bit, but we feel pretty
 good around here, that in, you know, one of the things that we've shown over the
 years that, both in good and bad times, we tend to do well in good times because people
 want to spend more and even in less good times, people want to save more.
 And so I think from a merchandising stand, and in tougher times, there's additional
 products and services that might be willing to sell us for the first time.
 So in our own perverse way, we sometimes benefit from good
 in bed and right now we're feeling pretty good about what the future looks like.
 Oh, by the way, the other thing that Bob just mentioned, that even if certain things head
 itself in some way shape a form like a reduction or lack of elimination of certain stimulus
 items. The supply chain at some point is going to get better. As good as our numbers are,
 We could do better if we had more supply of certain of those items, even in some categories
 in non-food that are up 20 and 30 and 30 plus percent.
 buyer's view, we're still running out of stuff that could do better if we had more.
 And that's not just us.
 I mean, that's, it rains on everybody.
 But I think some improvement in supply chain
 will be an offset to any other things
 that are detrimental to that thought.
 Got it. Thanks very much and enjoy the run on cream cheese at the clubs this weekend. Take care
 For our next question, we have Chalk Room from Gordon Hassek.
 Okay, line's open.
 I hope you guys are doing well.
 Just a question on leverage.
 And if we back up the one-time charges quarter,
 So it looks like you enjoyed over 100 basis points of improvement year-over-year at 65
 at business points last quarter,
 Not fully realizing the comps on a stack basis were better, but wondering if some investments
 or other costs may have rolled off,
 just some thoughts on that front.
 I
 I think more of it is just a leverage of sales growth, frankly, again, taking out the specific
 the COVID related charges that we talked about.
 and fact that's what we didn't talk about in terms of separating
 in the press release was that dollar an hour increase we did in March and a new one that
 had a small impact in Q1 because it started six weeks ago.
 But in that regard, there's nothing that stands out
 in my view, in my estimate, I'm looking at my guys here, do you?
 No, no, no.
 I'm just trying.
 It was strong. Strong sales would be the number one factor.
 Okay.
 Okay, fair enough.
 And then just on the storefront, 14 opened thus far in 22.
 so you're more than halfway through the goal,
 which is great.
 I'm just wondering, you know, bigger pitchers,
 There have been many more discussions to backfill some of your existing markets, you know, your
 higher density areas where perhaps some stores, you know, just can't handle any more productivity
 any more, you know, any more throughput just because of the volumes?
 I think...
 The answer is yes, and I think that will be, you know, small methodical increases in that
 thought over the next several years.
 I mean it used to be that we talk about when we had 400 warehouses and the average I make
 from those numbers up. So the average was, you know, 180. And now the, you know, I think
 We have an average several years later in the high 200s, in the U.S. at least.
 What?
 And we have a number of units in the 300 or 400 range, not, I mean, not hundreds, but,
 you know, tens of.
 And so we're...
 we are looking for more infill.
 But we've been doing that and, you know,
 So if it was three to five a year, or three to seven, three to five a year, then the last
 five years, is it going to be five to eight a year?
 Could be, I don't want to have that kind of detail in front of me.
 Okay, great.
 My last one is just to follow up on Christmas on November.
 I believe you guys did call out
 that there was some moderation in retail inflation,
 in maybe 150 basis points or so.
 I'm just wondering if you could provide any color on,
 I guess, unaware that retail inflation came in,
 and I guess why that happened, was it self-inflicted?
 Just if you want to give some color there.
 One thing that was a little lower was from the increases in food and sundries and some food and sundries items and fresh.
 That had spiked even more.
 It's still up year over year, but it spiked a little.
 It came down a little bit from where it had been.
 Thank you.
 And then we haven't quantified anything specifically on that.
 Thank you.
 By the way, as you might expect, there are suppliers out there that are saying, hey,
 you know come january february you'll see some more increases and again this is
 It's not inconsistent with what I've read in general articles in the various business
 periodicals.
 Okay, so just a lot of timing differences.
 Okay.
 Yeah, great.
 Thanks a lot.
 For the next question, we have John Hyben Bockel from Guggenheim.
 John, your line's open.
 So Richard, how is KS performing?
 and what happens or how do you think about it in inflationary environment
 in terms of how you take price versus like items on the on the national
 brand side and does KS do better in an inflationary environment?
 Look, many of our KSI items are of such large volumes.
 It's not unlike dealing with the comparable large volumes we do in a branded CPG item.
 And so we're out there, you know, fighting with both of them to, you know, to try to
 to mitigate those cost increases.
 KS still grows at a little faster rate than others, but nothing discernible.
 I think we keep finding new items to do KS with and for a variety of different reasons
 and so it continues to drive that brand, but no, I don't think there's a, we don't see
 a big difference of how that's changing.
 Okay.
 this is secondly you talk to seventy percent on classical logistics is
 70% of your needs.
 You're at what capacity in logistics?
 Is it still 50% or is it crept above that?
 It's in the 50 range and maybe it's slightly higher than that based on what we originally
 We bought what's now Crossville Logistics a year and a half ago.
 We've moved over a bunch of volume.
 We've grown it as well, we've grown our total base of need.
 And I think we're slightly above the 50% that we felt
 we had capacity for at the time.
 and certainly have plenty of capacity over the next few years.
 Mind you, we're spending money on it,
 part of our fulfillment and logistics, as I think I mentioned on the last quarter we
 call within CapEx, we had spent $340 or so million on a multi-acre, 1.6 million square
 foot distribution facility in Southern California and that's for a variety of needs.
 Some of the, much of what we bought in the interval acquisition in March or April of 2020,
 than 10 million square feet of space around the country, much of its least, much of its
 That's fine by the way, but not all of it was geographically particularly the big sites,
 a billion square foot sites, we're in areas where we're stronger relative to where Sears
 is stronger or they had most of their business at the time.
 So we're still spending money on it and upgrading it.
 But we're, you know, again, from a merchandising standpoint, we're very excited about it and
 and it's helped us grow that business in a big way,
 And given our small market share of many of those items, particularly on the appliance
 we feel there's a lot of growth potential for us.
 Okay, thank you.
 For the next question, we have Karen Schwartz from BORCLEASE.
 Karen, your line's open.
 Hey, thanks very much. I wanted to just talk about ticket a little bit. So US ticket at three and a half percent
 Can you kind of parse that out on, you know, for transaction?
 versus AUP, but also tie that in to the inflation numbers that you called out for the quarter
 or your expectations on inflation?
 Honestly, I can't.
 I don't have that detail or thought in front of me.
 Generally speaking, you've got electronics that, like TVs and what have you that are going
 down in price, maybe a little less this year because there's less promotions because of
 shortages.
 I mean, in every budget meeting, every four weeks, we're presented examples of items
 where we're taking down the price of high-volume key items
 by changing the packaging, by moving some aspect of manufacturing to another part of
 the world, and so I don't have the detail, Karen, in front of me for that, sorry.
 Okay, and then I wanted to, I don't think this has been asked for a while, but can you
 of an update maybe on what the average ticket is
 for executive members versus gold, and then, you know,
 I know you gave the, obviously you've given the percent of sales, but the frequency of
 executive versus gold, how maybe that's changed over the last, you know, almost two years
 of the pandemic?
 I will, somebody's just running out of the room
 to see if they can grab that sheet
 and I will answer it as soon as they get back,
 If you want to ask another question or move on to the next one, but I'll intervene when
 What do you expect?
 Well, my standard question would be just on your cash balance in terms of thoughts on
 a special dividend.
 Well as soon as we know you'll know or the day after the look our cash position is strong
 One of the things I pointed out is our cap X is also increasing in a conscious way.
 notwithstanding that our catch flow from operations is growing at a quite a strong
 rate as well. It's something that we've done four times in eight years.
 you know, we and the shareholders seem to like it when we do it.
 So I'm not trying to be cute, but we haven't made that decision at this juncture.
 It's probably a when, not if, but, you know, when will be when we do it.
 Okay.
 Okay, and then maybe just while you're waiting for that numbers on the executive, can you
 Just maybe give us some color on what percent of freight is actually spot versus contract.
 I don't know if you've ever given that number.
 I don't have the exact number, but I'm willing to bet it's 80 plus percent.
 I could be wrong a little bit, but it's contracted.
 now recognizing with contracts
 We might do one, two, and three-year contracts,
 So we're still benefiting on three-year stuff
 and benefiting a little on two-year stuff.
 and have now gone beyond the benefit of the one year stuff.
 And so, it's over a two or three year period, but our assumption is it'll take less than
 in that time to start to normalize somewhat.
 Okay.
 Great.
 today than it was, yes, but it's, I think we, again, we probably with other large users
 of freight and containers have probably done a pretty good job of at least staggering that
 but not having to do a lot of spot stuff so far.
 Yeah, I mean if you get those numbers on executive and gold on ticket and frequency that'd be great
 Okay.
 Okay, what they came back with right now is we don't have I don't have I don't have quickly average ticket changes
 but the total spend for executive member compared to a gold star member is almost 3x.
 Okay, thank you.
 I'll call it two and a half feet.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 For our next question, we have Greg Mavic from Evercore ISI.
 Greg, your line's open.
 Hi, thanks.
 I had two questions, Richard.
 And one is digging a little bit into the margins, the gross margins.
 You said gas and travel had helped, but then offset by e-commerce.
 You just sort of explain where, so that was gas penny profit was up, even if the mix
 hurt.
 It's going to be fun.
 Margin percent was down, but you've got a 40, 50 percent increase in price per gallon.
 Right.
 Got it.
 still might have more pennies per gallon but the margin itself was down.
 Got it, and then and then that was offset by e-commerce
 Well, e-commerce is...
 Yeah, and again, I wouldn't read a lot into any of that description, we're just trying
 to share with everyone directly what helps it and hurts it a little bit.
 e-commerce, just given all the activities we've gotten and expenditures on fulfillment
 expansion and do it what we can, you know, over time when we're pulling tickets if we,
 If something else happened, I don't view it as a big issue for my it's not whatever whether the margins up a little down a little
 It's less about competition and more about what's the product mix that month or week
 And what else is going on with this rapid expansion and investment in it?
 Got it, and then maybe to tie back your discussion on the logistics big and bulky if we look at if e-commerce is roughly
 percent of sales. Is big and bulky a quarter of that? Is that the kind of scale we're talking about?
 It's over a third.
 It's over a third now.
 Great.
 And then last but not least, the renewal rates, you know, continuing to pick up, I
 I guess it's impressive, how do we,
 Shouldn't that come off at some point?
 just given that you have more first-year members.
 You want to get to 100?
 No, just kidding.
 Look, I think, as I mentioned,
 Earlier in this, and when I was speaking, probably the single biggest thing that's helping it
 right now is auto-renew.
 As we get more people on a credit card, both in the two big co-branded in the US and Canada,
 to no brainer to help a little bit as we convert people to executive member and as we for every
 300 new people signing up, a slightly higher number of them sign up as executive members.
 they're more likely to renew.
 So those things help as well.
 The thing I mentioned about new warehouses and markets around the world tend to be while
 will have a very much lower renewal rate in their first year of renewal or year two than
 that will continue to grow as more people have renewed the prior year, those are starting
 And generally, those are starting at higher rates than they were, so all those things
 help a little bit. I'd like to think it's all the wonderful things we do and the value
 proposition, but certainly auto-renew is probably a good help there.
 And then last, because someone has to ask it, just fee increase, I guess back half next
 One will be five years since the last one.
 What are the thoughts on that just given that the members seem to be self-selecting the
 a fee hike already through the executive membership.
 Does that change your thought process as to when you might hike the fee?
 No, and our only thought is is we'll probably start getting questions about now
 There you go.
 But it's still a while away, but we certainly feel good as I've said in the past, the renewal
 Renewal rates, strong renewal rates and loyalty help that thought process and we'll see but
 But, you know, it's still a little bit of time to think about it.
 Okay, we'll have a great holiday season there for one
 Thank you
 For our next question, we have Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer.
 Repass your lines open.
 Good evening.
 So I wanted to touch on Canada and other internationalists.
 So we saw a strong and accelerating two-year contract for both Canada and other international.
 Is there any more color you can provide in terms of maybe what you're seeing in those
 in those geographies.
 Thank you.
 I'm getting a little help here.
 It's more, it's probably most, I agree, it's probably most about how COVID impacted different
 countries differently, timing-wise.
 I remember a year ago, and a year and a half ago,
 some of the foreign countries did better
 while we were being locked down.
 and then a little later they got locked down
 So, part of it is, you know, one of the reasons I think everybody's picked up on the two-year
 stack concept, but I think that's as much as anything that that's the reason.
 Okay, great.
 And then...
 If you look at your ancillary businesses,
 Is there a way you can find it up to interest
 of how they're trending now versus pre-pandemic.
 I don't have that detail with me, but generally speaking, you know, tires are picked up as
 as an example, it's not an entry business,
 but the Ocasio Auto program is down.
 because there's a shortage of cars out there.
 Travel is up, not where it was pre.
 It was almost back to where it was pre-COVID.
 and then delta variant hit.
 and then it was coming back again and then I'm the chronic
 Omnicron hit and so it fluctuates pretty quickly omnicron and I'm trying to think of the other
 things. Food courts have come back. I don't think they're quite where they were, but they're
 They're almost there.
 hearing aids have come back, but still, I think slightly below pre-pandemic.
 App school is doing great.
 Farmers, pharmacy is doing great.
 Helped, frankly, by the shots.
 We like other retail pharmacies providing plenty of vaccines.
 Okay, great. Thank you for all the color.
 Okay
 For our next question, we have Stephanie Ubynsik from Jeffreeze.
 Tiffany, your line is open.
 Good afternoon, this is Blake on First Step.
 First question would be higher level, you guys are a big proponent of the in-store shopping experience.
 And it seems like store sales have been fairly strong as of late for retailers.
 So, wondering how's your in-store shopping compared
 versus the e-com versus your expectations recently.
 And then maybe if you can share any e-com pilots,
 you might have that you've been working on.
 I know you mentioned you did a pickup test,
 but you discontinue that.
 Anything, maybe, in the works that you can share.
 Well, you know, both in-store and online have picked up, you know, the pickup from things
 like Instacart for same day fresh, skyrocketed during the lockdowns in mid to summer, mid
 to late summer 2020, came down from those peaks, but it's still way above where it was
 pre-COVID. E-commerce, as you know, because we talk about it every quarter, is, you know,
 8 or 9 percent of our sales on a company that is 192 billion in sales for the year ended
 this last August so that's you know a lot bigger than it was you know two years ago it's the last
 I think the last three or four quarters,
 the two-year stack is 100 plus percent, but notwithstanding that, and part of that is
 billion bulky that has helped that number which we really weren't driving that kind of
 business in store anyway.
 The fact that I think that, as we've heard occasionally, that now is standing some people
 don't like our mask requirements when we first put them in back in May of 2020.
 I think overall people felt, if I've got to go out, I'm going to go out to one place and
 bulk up on stuff, and with taller ceilings and wider aisles and all those things, I got
 of believed it psychologically, that's helped a little bit.
 At the end of the day, we were all surprised by, if I go back to, you know, March of 2020,
 We're surprised by the strength in non-foods categories, summer and fall of 2020, much
 less now, much the same now. It was because people weren't traveling and they weren't
 going to games and concerts but they were buying things for their home and we certainly
 had on top of all the food items all the other things they could buy for their home so that
 was a pleasant surprise to us and that's continued.
 I think in terms of other tests, not a whole lot.
 I mean, we did have that small test in New Mexico,
 would buy online and pick up the store.
 Warp, as I mentioned on the call, a year from now have over 200 of our U.S. warehouses would
 walkers.
 In terms of buying online and pick up a store, we're not quite sure about that.
 We have there
 busy locations.
 There's not
 a lot of room for it, and it doesn't seem to be a lot of people clamoring for that.
 In fact, we're half the people that come in and do that on a few things that we buy online
 and the lockers they come in and shop while they're there and so and that's what we want so
 So beyond that, I don't think, I think some of the things we're doing that I mentioned
 briefly about mobile and digital.
 some of these things everybody else have we are sometimes late to the game on
 and some of these things, but those are all,
 should be on that additive to what we do.
 That's super helpful.
 I was also wondering on your inventory positioning.
 how much are you getting ahead of any seasonal items
 or any challenges you may foresee for Q2 and Q3
 for the spring and summer.
 I don't know exactly.
 I know that consciously the buyers when they presented the budget means are talking about
 those issues. We are bringing in things early. We certainly have, you know, you think about
 that what we call our depot or our view of distribution system in the U.S. was something
 like 10 million square feet and we'd essentially slightly more than double that with the interval
 acquisition aside from other things that helps us with a little storage if we
 that are bringing in things early.
 And recognizing, we start with, you know, we are somewhat seasonal, but historically
 We've always brought things in early anyway, so whatever it may be, we certainly have the
 cash as somebody mentioned earlier, to have some extra billion dollars invested in inventory
 even if it hangs around for a little bit.
 But I think overall, some of our items are still a little later than they would be pre-COVID,
 better than they would be if we were not doing as good a job as I think we are
 are doing on forward buying.
 Perfect.
 If I could sneak one last one in, I might have missed it,
 But I think you said for the net new openings,
 This year, you said 19.
 It's not the last quarter you're aiming more towards 25.
 Is there anything to call out there?
 Well, I said it was 19 more in the last three quarters of the year, the fiscal year.
 Plus the 821.
 Oh, God.
 Perfect. Thank you very much.
 For our next question, we have Paul Lewis from Citi, Paul, their lines open.
 Hey everyone, this is Brandon Piedmont for Paul.
 I was wondering if we could talk about the increase in cat-backs, I think, last we spoke
 we thought.
 The Fx would have a 3 in front of it.
 Now it sounds like it has a 4 in front of it.
 I was just wondering, you know, was there a change in the strategy there, and specifically
 on the...
 on the e-com investments.
 Do you feel like you're playing some catch-up there?
 or laying the groundwork for growth,
 just anything that you can share with that.
 Sure, I think it's sort of previous as it relates to this year, we talked about I think
 three eight to four two quote unquote now we're saying about four and these
 These numbers are up from the mid-3s over the last couple of years, low to mid-3s over
 last couple of years. In fact, last year's $3.6 included a $345 million asset purchase
 that I mentioned earlier in the Southwest in Southern California, which is basically
 a million-and-a-half-plus-square-foot facility with lots of acreage to help with our fulfillment
 as well as our import stuff.
 And so I think there's, if you said, what are the big things taking you from the low
 3s to the low 4s over a few years of period. It's more international expansions, which
 which tends to be a little more expensive for a location,
 More expansion, you know, in fiscal 20,
 We were down to 13 net new units
 because some delays with COVID.
 I think we were 20 and 21 and we're going to be 27 net new units this fiscal year plus
 five RELOS, which is six RELOS planned.
 We might miss that a little bit, but at the end of the day,
 so there's more warehouses.
 clearly more in the whole fulfillment concept,
 starting with the billion-dollar acquisition a year ago of what's
 now classical logistics, starting with adding additional square footage to that, as well
 was the international things.
 And even on the distribution side, or what we call our cross-doc depots, spending money
 overseas now in some of these countries to do some of that in a better way.
 building a mini depot in Hawaii where we have five locations or seven I'm sorry
 seven locations but huge volume locations and with the, so we've gotten to the volume
 and efficiency there that these are good investments, so it's a lot of those things.
 we still spend all in, you know, close to a billion dollars a year in IT.
 Got it.
 And that's how we should kind of think about it going forward long term.
 That's by the way, that's not all CapEx. That's expenses as well. Go ahead. I'm sorry
 And the four billion range is what we should think about apex for the long term.
 I don't know, for the long term, I think four sounds about right for the next year or two,
 And if things continue to grow well, go well and grow well, maybe it goes up from there
 a little bit.
 But you
 You know, we're not looking to spend it if we don't think we have good things to spend
 it on, just because our cash flow has been exceeding net income plus, you know, cash
 as it's been exceeding regular dividend plus capital expenditures and the like.
 Got it.
 And you also mentioned that, you know, you're able to change out products when you're, you
 know, facing...
 to it.
 I was wondering if you could quantify that versus, you know, kind of a normal quarter.
 And, you know, if you are switching out, you know, more than usual,
 you know, what impact does that have on, you know,
 consumer behavior there and anything on the logistics side as well.
 I think it's, I don't have the exact number, but my guess is it's a small load of mid-single
 digital percentage. What it means, though, is going all the way back to spring of 2020
 And there were people were hoarding goods.
 We were going out to additional suppliers to see what we can get, recognizing from their
 perspective, it creates a new relationships, which we'll honor going forward, not just
 for the three months that we needed it then.
 And so I think there were opportunities
 to just expand product brands by necessity to some things.
 And with, I think, the, going into last summer and fall, with that advent of all the things
 It's for the home.
 both patio furniture and lawn garden and barbecue grills and indoor furniture and electronics
 and gadgets for the kitchen, we took advantage of that and brought in additional items.
 So it's more of that than anything.
 and the treasure hunt.
 Yeah.
 it's still a small piece but I think it's when I sometimes when I go into some
 Some retailers, I'm not going to any names, but you'll see a shelf half empty or some
 spaces. First of all, why don't you put something there? But at the end of the day, I think our
 Our buyers have done a very good job of keeping the warehouses full.
 Thanks, and good luck for holiday.
 For our next question, we have Edward Kelly from Wells Fargo.
 Edward, your line is open.
 All right, good afternoon, guys.
 of the holidays.
 Richard, I wanted to ask you a gross mark.
 of all things considered.
 Any additional thoughts that you can share?
 current quarter.
 And that works.
 Sorry.
 Any reason we should expect some incremental price, you know, somewhat similar.
 You were breaking up entirely during that call, so I heard about every other word if
 if you wanna repeat yourself.
 Yeah, sorry.
 So I wanted to ask you about the gross margin.
 And as you said, pretty good.
 all things considered.
 Any additional thoughts you can share on the current quarter, you know, comparisons in
 The core looks similar, I think.
 just wondering if there's any reason we should expect
 incremental pressure. From a competitive standpoint, I mean there's lots of
 Everybody's competitive.
 Again, I think structurally, our model allows us to bet it from that.
 We talked about, you know, more pennies per gallon of profit that allows us to do some
 other things.
 I think we've got to...
 The End
 Thank you for watching.
 I think we have a lot of levers to pull here, and we feel pretty good that we are able to
 hold the prices on key items and to I don't really think that we consider the challenge
 of achieving a margin, we're pretty good at figuring out how to get there while still
 being, you know, the company we are in terms of competitiveness. So no big changes of
 of what we see out there.
 It just.
 just there's a lot of changes every month and you know some things go up in
 some things go down, but overall we feel pretty good about it.
 about it.
 All right.
 just fun for a little bit more big picture just around, you know, customer
 data.
 That's something you need to be aware of.
 You could just provide an update on things like personalization and then media is something
 that, you know, we hear a lot of people talk about, you know, maybe just any thoughts
 on, you know, what you're doing with that opportunity as well?
 I think there's still low-hanging fruit on the tree here.
 We've talked about it a little bit.
 We've done a little bit more targeting than we have ever done, but very little.
 is more to come. You know, it was just a year and a half ago that we hired someone at a
 relatively senior level in terms of data analytics, but that's not the only thing that
 working on and the group that he's put together.
 But yeah, so I think those are things that will come over time in the next few years.
 It's pretty much what I can tell you about that.
 Okay, thank you.
 Okay, I'm going to take two more questions, Sadie.
 Producers, and for the next question we have Laura Champagne from Loop Capital.
 All right.
 Line's open.
 Thanks, Richard.
 quick it's a follow-on I mean you'd mentioned that renewal rates are still
 headed higher in part because of likely, because of the auto renew.
 percentage of your membership is on auto renew at this point.
 point.
 Okay.
 That's a little under 50 U.S.
 It's about 50 in the U.S. and Canada, which would imply, and that's really where we have
 it where we have the co-brand cards and U.S. and Canada is about 80 percent of our companies
 so that 50 becomes a 40 if you rough numbers.
 I don't know.
 Got it.
 You can do it.
 Oh, I'm sorry, you can do it on any card, not just CoBrand, but in the U.S. and Canada,
 It's about 50.
 Thank you so much.
 And for our last question, we have Kelly Bania from BMO
 Hospital. Kelly Lines-Huygens.
 Thanks for squeezing me in here.
 I just wanted to talk, Richard, about the inflationary environment, and you've talked
 a little bit in the past couple of quarters about how your price gaps have widened.
 Do you think this kind of magnitude of inflation is just good for Costco's business?
 I mean, have you seen anything like this in the past where it could possibly just drive
 even more volume into your doors.
 I mean, from an argument that things are more costly, on the one hand, maybe it reduces
 demand overall, in the sense that we're the extreme value proposition that helps us.
 So who the heck knows?
 I think what I was reading this morning in the paper was this is the highest inflation
 in so many years. It wasn't that long ago though, you know, 10 plus years ago that regular
 inflation was two or three percent a year and of course it's going to be a little more
 right for a year. But at the end of the day, I think it helps us a little because of the value
 proposition that we have.
 That makes sense, and a lot has been asked here, but just wanted to also just check on
 ...
 self-checkout and where you are with that, and if there's any color you can help us understand
 on.
 The safety...
 savings or the impact on the cost structure when you put in some self-checkout and the
 potential for that initiative going forward.
 forward.
 We pretty much have it now in most locations,
 and I'm speaking of the US and Canada.
 And I know, even across the street in many locations,
 We've expanded it from originally, you know, two lanes of three or six to three lanes of
 three or even four lanes of three. So in a four-lane area, you could have 12 people
 checking out and so my guess is it's still going to grow a little as we expand existing
 to offer a little bit more of it and it's been a positive.
 Okay, thank you
 Well, thank you everyone and have a good holiday season and we're around to answer additional questions.
 Have a good day.
 And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you all for participating.
 You may now disconnect.