 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's second quarter 2020 earnings fireside chat.
 At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode.
 After the companies complete their prepared remarks,
 the lines will be open to take your questions.
 Your host for today's call is Laura Gannon, Vice President, Investors Relations of the Mosaic Company.
 Ms. Gangen, you may begin.
 Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter and 2020 earnings call.
 Presenting today will be Jack O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer,
 Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
 and Rick McElland, Senior Vice President Commercial.
 We will host a prepared question and answer session
 in addressing the questions received last night,
 followed by a short live Q&A session, time permitting.
 All of our earnings materials released yesterday
 aftermarketclose are available on our website
 at Mosaico.com.
 We will be making forward-looking statements
 during this conference call.
 The statements include, but are not limited
 to statements about future financial and operating results.
 They are based on management's beliefs and expectations.
 as of today's date and are subject to significant risks
 and uncertainties.
 Actual results made different material
 from projected results,
 factors that could cause actual results
 to differ materially from those
 in the forward-looking statements
 are included in our press release
 that issued yesterday and in our reports
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 we will also be presenting certain
 non-GAAP financial measures.
 Our second quarter press release
 and performance data attached as exhibits
 to yesterday's Form 8 case violence,
 as well as our commentary on the quarter
 posted to our website.
 also contain information important
 on these non-GAAP measures.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jack.
 Good morning.
 Thank you for joining us today.
 with very brief comments,
 Then we'll get straight on to your questions.
 This was a very good quarter for Mose.
 and our momentum is increasing.
 The key points about a performance are our cash flow generation this quarter
 is the result of the past five years of work by our team
 to transform our cost structure and strengthen our franchise.
 even earlier than we expected.
 we've already achieved five of our seven 2021 cost targets.
 Even with realized potash prices down $20 per ton from the first quarter,
 and realized phosphate prices up just $13 per ton in the quarter.
 We generated over $800 million in cash from operations.
 We delivered adjusted EBITDA 25% higher than consensus expectations, even before our adjusted EBITDA definition change.
 We paid down $500 million in short-term debt and structured payables in the quarter
 while retaining cash on the balance sheet above $1 billion.
 In Potash, we continue to invest in the accelerated case-free project,
 hitting a major milestone of connecting the K3 shafts to the K1 mill.
 We continue to reduce our brine management costs,
 and we achieved the lowest cash cost per ton of production in over a decade.
 Well, they certainly don't do.
 had an excellent quarter, hitting both real-based cost targets and achieving further cost benefits
 from the weakening reality,
 as well as realizing over 80%
 of our targeted full-year transformation benefits.
 Phosphates drove the cash cost of rock below the target
 and lower than last year,
 despite increasing distances from mining to beneficiation.
 And with all of these efforts, we've reaffirmed our commitment to you, to our shareholders, our employees, our customers, and our communities to act responsibly.
 We announced new, aggressive, broad-based environmental, social, and governance targets,
 and we will use these targets to drive performance across the business.
 We are continuing to transform.
 The quarters, accelerating earnings, and cash flow clearly reflect our efforts today,
 and we are driving additional future savings.
 We expect to deliver another $700 million in savings above the 2019 base as we continue to execute our strategy.
 Mosaic is more competitive than ever before, and with fertilizer markets improving,
 we have significant earnings leverage to the future.
 We'll take your questions.
 Doc, I'm going to start with some questions you received on cost.
 Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs asked,
 In the second quarter, Moraic was ahead of its 2021 targets
 and a number of its key cost KPIs.
 How much incremental opportunity do you see on each key metric to further reduce costs?
 And if so, what level of incremental capital spend
 will be necessary to achieve those outcomes.
 Thanks for your question, Adam.
 As we've said earlier, we have new targets that include $700 million of additional improvements
 across the company, 200 million of those coming from our Brazil operation
 and 500 coming from our North American and administrative.
 Some of the areas where we believe we can make big gains as we go forward, obviously, are in Brazil, where we continue to improve that business.
 In North America, where automation is allowing us to drive efficiencies in both phosphates and potash.
 And then, of course, our K-3 operation, which, as we ramp it up, will eliminate a lot of costs and improve our brine management costs.
 So as we look forward, we see a lot of opportunities still.
 And importantly, in September, when we bring all of this to our analyst day,
 we expect to be able to give you more color and detail on what that's going to look like.
 Doc, Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse asked.
 You're clearly comfortably ahead on numerous cost initiatives, including your K3 shafts,
 Brian Info, Fossite ROC costs in the US and Brazil,
 and Sid LaZanche's platform.
 But would you take a step back?
 How are you thinking about your structural cost base
 in a normalized environment, and how much more could actually be done, especially in phosphate.
 Yeah, thank you, Chris.
 It's important to keep in mind that these cost improvements certainly are somewhat driven by high utilization.
 We've had a good quarter where we're able to use our assets fully, and we've had some
 benefits from exchange rate, particularly in Brazil, but also in Canada.
 But over the long term, though, the real differences have been structural,
 And those are going to stay with us, and those are going to continue, and we're going to continue to improve those.
 So if we look at, you know, our major projects,
 which include Esterhazy K3, NextGen Mining, and the Brazil Transformation.
 Those are not temporary differences.
 Those are true structural changes that will be delivering value for the long term.
 Michael Piken from Cleveland Research asks,
 You mentioned that you were on track to exceed your $225 million in non-market growth in 2020.
 Okay.
 which segments are exceeding your expectations
 and how much higher can this number go for 2020?
 Hello, Michael.
 Let me clarify.
 our $225 million were actual items that we spent in 2019
 that we did not expect to repeat in 2020.
 so on those
 some of the key items, the plant city idling.
 That's happened and now is outside of our cost structure.
 our Brazilian dams.
 We've completed the work now,
 And that $80 million of cost is now behind us.
 Equally, the ramp-up of Esterhazy, which has gotten better than we expected,
 that we now are delivering 1 million tons a year from the K-TRIP project.
 So that benefit has already flowed through to us.
 and then of our $50 million of transformation in Brazil
 that we're part of that $225 million, we're already at over $40 million.
 So we see that as pretty much complete, and ongoing savings will be above and beyond that original 225 we talked about.
 Doc, the largest number of questions
 seek a better understanding of our countervailing duties petition.
 Seth Goldstein from Morningside.
 to Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse.
 ask for an update on potential regulation changes
 of the U.S. import duties on Morocco and Russia's supply.
 And if the outcome is successful in our favor,
 What should they expect in changes to their landed U.S. costs?
 In other words, what are the potential outcomes
 in terms of leveling the playing field.
 Thank you, gentlemen.
 And let me start by saying,
 we believe in free and fair trade.
 However, the reason we filed this petition in the first place was to address imbalances
 is associated with unfair government subsidies
 on input.
 and to highlight unequal requirements
 on environmental standards.
 our competitors benefit from access
 to artificially low rock cost and energy
 while not having to meet adequate and proper environmental standards.
 We also will say that what we have done is put this forward to the Department of Commerce
 and the International Trade Commission.
 judge on the merits and
 as such, determine what level of duties, if any, need to be put in place to create a fair trade
 situation.
 And Quint, do you have anything to add to that?
 Yeah, no, Jock, I think you're right.
 we certainly are ahead of schedule on the realization of the $225 million in non-market
 benefit this year. You know, keep in mind that the $80 million that we spent on dam remediation
 last year was spread really through the second through fourth quarter.
 So we realized about $36 million in benefit in the second quarter and should realize the
 throughout the rest of the year.
 Dr. John Roberts from UBS would like to know,
 Can you review the basis for your prostate
 countervailing duties position.
 have you had any response from customers or competitors?
 Thank you, John.
 Our basis for the petition is clearly laid out in the public documents, and I would ask that you go to those.
 Also, the comments from any of our competitors or customers or the other concerned groups is clearly laid out in those public documents.
 I would suggest you go there.
 Our position is clearly that the Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission
 are the ones that will decide
 what are the merits of this case.
 Now clearly, as we talk to our customers,
 Some are concerned mostly about how they're going to get their supply.
 We believe that this has opened up new opportunities for outside competitors to come in and make up some of that supply.
 but in the end
 And I think all people understand why we put it forward.
 You know, we'll have to wait to see what the ITC says in terms of its merit.
 Josh, we received several questions
 asking about trade flows
 and implications to other markets,
 specifically Adams, Samuelson, and seven others.
 Over the next six to 12 months,
 How do we think about the net impact
 a potential trade flow impact
 of potential U.S. countervailing duties on Morocco and Russian phosphate.
 Okay.
 Do you see risk of market share competition rising in other major import markets, notably Brazil?
 Thanks, Mike and Joel.
 Let's answer their last question first.
 No, we don't think this will impact global supply and demand.
 we will do is probably change
 The current market and resulting pricing is reflective of a tight market.
 And if anything, the countervailing duties only highlighted to people that this market was tight.
 So what's causing the tight market?
 favorable farm economics, and lower supply, which began to take shape well before we filed the petition.
 However, it is reasonable to assume that the trade flows will be altered
 and some product will be shifted to other jurisdictions,
 including new suppliers coming into the U.S. and the Moroccan and Russian suppliers
 focusing on other markets, which could be Brazil or wherever.
 Thank you.
 Jonas Osgaard from Bernstein asked two more technical questions with respect to the petition, namely,
 Thank you.
 When the late trade complaint is upheld,
 will there be a retroactive benefit to MOSAE?
 And what is the timeline for final decision on the complaint?
 So, look, thank you, Jonas.
 Let me first clarify. Whether duties are applied retroactively will depend upon the level of imports from these two countries from the filing of the case until the DOC preliminary ruling.
 ruling. We expect the case
 to be finalized in Q1 2021.
 And at that point, if there has been excessive imports, they will look at assessing a retroactive
 duty.
 Jack, I'm now going to move on to questions
 about phosphate operations.
 Ben Isakson from Socia asked,
 On the cash cost of Mind Rocks in Florida,
 are falling to $36 per ton from $40 year-over-year.
 How much of that was due to transformational efforts
 versus favorable geology.
 And how much more wiggle room is there
 to bring that down
 and how sustainable are these cost improvements?
 Thank you, Ben.
 Clearly our cost improvements are a combination
 factors.
 We've certainly been running our assets at elevated utilization rates, and that's helped.
 but our efforts to centralize mining operations,
 and we're going to need to be able to do that.
 processes.
 and automate have also helped reduce our costs.
 As previously mentioned, the establishment of a central control center for our mining
 collapsing all of our mining operations
 basically into one large operation,
 to begin operation by the end of the year
 will really further enhance cost savings.
 And as we introduce new management structures, incorporate automation for certain mining functions,
 and accelerate savings from adjustments to transportation,
 we start to see real long-term improvements in our cost structure.
 Dr. P.J. Juvikar from Citi also asked,
 With the recent rise of over $50 per ton in DAT pricing,
 Have you ramped up your production at the mine?
 And what could be the benefit of better cost absorption
 from higher times in the third quarter.
 Thanks for the question, PJ.
 Okay, high utilization rates have a beneficial impact, but that's really only part of the story, as we've mentioned.
 But I will say that as we look at Q3 going forward, we can expect those high tonnage
 and higher utilization rates to continue.
 So we do expect to see better costs throughout the rest of the year,
 both structurally and because of high utilization.
 Exactly.
 All right.
 We also have a question from Adam Samuelson
 from Goldman Sachs.
 The specialty percentage rose to 48% of shipments
 and marked a new quarterly high in phosphate.
 Coincident with micro-essential shipments to fer-lazonches being substantially above
 recent quarters.
 Is this a…
 Is this sustainable?
 Why or why not?
 Thank you, Adam.
 The sales of MicroEssentials and Aspire hit record highs, and KMAG came in close to the record in Q2, 2020.
 Among these growths, microcentral shipments to Brazil has been a major driver.
 Now, we believe that the growth of microessentials will continue over the next quarter,
 driven by Mosaic, Pertilizante, and also North America.
 have to reemphasize the value that microcentral brings
 to the growers is showing positive returns
 for them on their investments.
 So these are bringing real value to the growers and to our customers, the distributors.
 So we do believe that as more people
 start using micro-essentials, this is very sustainable, and they're going to see the
 benefit, and they're going to keep using that product.
 Doc, three analysts submitted multi-part questions
 is related to our potash operation.
 So first, Chris Parkinson's asked.
 The demand environment in potash appears to be modestly improving, while spot prices are
 are well off their first half load.
 Can you talk about your thought process
 for the second half of 21 operating rate assumptions
 and how that may drive changes in your mind mess.
 Thanks, Chris.
 As you know, we've accelerated the development of K3, and this has an obvious impact on cost.
 both now with declining brine management spending
 and in the future as the mine ramps up.
 Beyond K3, we continue to see strong results from Val Plain, which recorded its lowest cost position in more than a decade.
 As we move forward, we're going to take advantage of owning two of only seven mines in the world
 with annual production capacity of over 3 million tons.
 and with some of the lowest costs in the industry.
 As we look to the future,
 We intend to optimize the production coming from K3 and from our bell plane operation
 and only see running higher-cost mines like Kalanze if the market really requires it in the future.
 Doc, another question comes to you
 from Jonas Oxgaard of Bernstein.
 In PodEast, you lowered your cost per ton a fair bit,
 but how much of that was simply spreading fixed costs
 to over a 20% larger volume.
 On a fixed-volume basis, what would your cost reduction be?
 question Jonas. There is no
 that the larger volume helps spread out our costs.
 However, we believe there are structural changes
 that are fundamentally changing our costs
 over the long term.
 We think one area of clear savings
 is the accelerated reduction of brine management costs
 as we shift to K3.
 K-1 Underground Mining will be completed this year.
 Blind management accounted for $8 a ton in Q2, and that will continue to decline as we move into 2021 and will be eliminated completely by 2022.
 too. So as you can see, a lot of our cost reduction is actually structural and should
 be with us for the long term.
 Jeff PJ Juvicar from Citi asks, what kind of savings do you expect from sending K3 potash
 to the K-1 mill, and what is the updated timeline now
 to shut down K-1 and K-2.
 Thank you, PJ.
 we expect to be sending potash to K1
 and actually be shutting down our K-1 shafts from a production perspective early in 2021,
 that will start meaning we're only going to be operating two shafts.
 and then by the end of 2022, only operating the one big K-3 shaft.
 At that point, the project will be complete.
 will eliminate brine inflow.
 And that really will be the end of our K-1 and K-2
 from a production perspective.
 Now, Vincent Andrews is interested in how he should think about our potash shipments
 in the second half of this year,
 given how strong shipments were in second quarter.
 also, and we remind him
 would be accounting for the Chinese contract shipments
 that were already in a bonded warehouse
 prior to contract agreement.
 Thank you, Vincent.
 Yes, we did have strong shipments in quarter one.
 And if I refer to our discussions with Campitex,
 I think they have a fairly full order book for Q3 and even going well into Q4.
 So I believe the shipments internationally will be strong in the second half
 And domestically, we're expecting a good fall in North America.
 So we're expecting strong shipments there as well.
 So from our perspective, a second half is looking pretty strong from a potash perspective.
 But in terms of the shipments in the first half, I'd just like to throw it over to Clint
 to explain a little bit about our China shipments
 to bonded warehouse that we revrected
 in the first half of the year.
 Clint, can you discuss that?
 Sure, John.
 Good morning, Vincent.
 So to start with, on a consolidated basis, we don't recognize revenue until that product is sold to a third party.
 However, we do, on a segment-level basis, we do recognize a revenue when Campitex sells products to our distribution business in China.
 And when they sent that product to our distribution business in China, the segment recognized revenue,
 but that was based on an estimate of pricing since the contract had not been completed.
 Once the contract was completed and the price for that transaction was set,
 that,
 That gave rise to the adjustment.
 But, again, that's an adjustment on the potash segment only
 because we won't recognize revenue on that product
 on a consolidated basis
 until it's finally sold to a third party.
 Thanks for that clarification, Glenn.
 Jack, I'm now gonna move on to questions
 about Mosaic for Lasanches.
 We had four analysts, including John Roberts from UBS and Mark Connolly from Stevens,
 and then we had a couple of other analysts.
 similar questions about the timing
 of volumes in Brazil.
 Brazilian farmers are having an outstanding year so far
 and have been widely reported to be buying inputs
 it's well ahead of last year's schedule.
 How much do you think has been borrowed
 from the third quarter,
 And are we likely to see an offsetting reduction
 and third quarter margin to reflect those lower volumes.
 next quarter, and specifically within the quarter,
 April and May were significantly higher
 in the prior year month.
 Well, June appeared to be much closer to a year ago.
 Is that just timing, or are the trends decelerating into July?
 Great question.
 The strong volumes in the first half of the year did reflect some forward input purchases.
 as a result of generally favorable farm economics.
 But year-over-year demand is expected to be up slightly to 37 million tons.
 And in that figure, we believe we are beginning to take market share as farmers gravitate towards higher analysis products and high-value products such as our micro-essentials.
 Chuck Mark Connelly at Stevens asked,
 How did the dramatic improvement in cost in Brazil break out
 between volume-driven cost improvement
 an operational structural cost change
 that should repeat with normal volumes.
 Thank you, Mark.
 Let me start by saying last year, our operations were negatively impacted by the change in regulations that required us to shut down a couple of operations for dam improvements.
 That reduced volume and impacted our raw materials access.
 This year, we're benefiting from running at full operations rates.
 This also has allowed us to have more access to our own rock supply.
 So overall, that has helped a little bit.
 So about a third of those costs are probably volume-related.
 The others are improvements to our freight, our inventory management, our overall planning,
 and, of course, structural changes to our cost structures.
 I think overall, though, we're seeing long-term changes to how the Brazil business is running,
 and we're starting to see full benefit of the $330 million or so of integration benefit
 that we announced at the end of last year.
 Josh, PJ Juvicar has a question about currency.
 The Brazilian RIAI British U.S. dollar was down significantly year-over-year in the second quarter of 2020.
 how did that volatility
 impact you
 and what specifically was the impact in the quarter
 I'm Mosaic for Los Angeles.
 Thanks, BJ.
 I'd like to talk about two aspects of the Brazilian REI that really has changed things.
 And the first of those, of course, is the impact on farmer economics.
 I think that is actually the bigger improvement.
 Their ability to buy fertilizers and the continuous growth of the Brazilian agriculture segment
 is largely driven by great economics for the farmer.
 And so, you know, that's the first place we want to talk about where the Brazilian REI has helped us.
 In terms of our cost performance, you will see that we tend to put our targets in re-eye base.
 So that allows us to understand
 a real underlying improvement.
 Obviously, there was some positive impact.
 I think
 we saw definite improvements in our overall cost
 because of the REI, but I would say we focus more on what is the REI-based cost,
 because that tells us whether we're really improving the business
 or just taking advantage of currency.
 Well, in the back, you'll notice, sorry, PJ, I'd also like to point out that if you look at the back of our stuff,
 you'll see basically our sensitivities.
 And a $0.10 move in the REI amounts to about $20 million a year unhedged.
 So, if we think about this as being about 50% hedge, it's fairly easy to do the reconciliation
 to last year's REICOS.
 Jack, we have another question from Ben Isaacson
 with respect to Mosaic for Lazanches.
 and Mosaic Fiddle's anti-sales volumes
 have been notably higher year-over-year.
 Can you walk through the strategic strength of this business
 and how it relates to your mix between commodity and microessential tons.
 Thanks, Ben.
 You know, again, I've said this before, but I'll repeat.
 You know, the volume growth really was a result of improvement in farm economics in Brazil.
 The strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the RIAI,
 excellent barter ratios,
 and anticipation of a strong summer crop demand.
 So both commodity and performance products
 have shown robust increases in Q2 of 2020
 versus a year ago.
 Parkinson asked for a COVID-19 update.
 His question is,
 Brazil is in the midst of a fairly complex COVID-19 outbreak, which has periodically been affecting the port and logistics system.
 Can you give us an update on the demand environment
 as well as any logistical headwinds you foresee during the peak fertilizer application season.
 Thanks, Chris.
 Look, let's start from our own operations in Brazil.
 And although we've had a number of cases because of the high level of community transmission,
 We have not been impacted on our operations to this point.
 And we've instituted a number of procedures to make sure we mitigate the spread.
 Budget.
 sorry
 And then from an overall country logistics perspective, we believe that in general, we have been unaffected by COVID.
 Now, obviously, there's going to be local places where that impacts us,
 But in general, we've been able to work around that and kept the product moving to the end customer.
 And from a demand perspective, despite COVID, we've continued to see strong demand, again, driven by favorable farm economics.
 and we have got our product to our customers with relatively little impact.
 The last question we received
 and Mosea Coralizante comes from Joel Jackson.
 Colonel Azonce's second quarter growth margin was more than double the results from the prior two years.
 How much of that gain was market conditions
 versus foreign exchange tailwind versus share gain in the market
 versus a pull forward of Q3
 because of COVID-related logistics concerns.
 Thanks, Joel.
 I would summarize our
 results in the second quarter
 in Brazil as
 a couple of factors.
 First of all, if we looked at the exchange rate, it's probably offset almost perfectly the change in pricing.
 So what we see in actual results
 is almost solely the result of our own actions
 and the reversal of some of the dam costs that we saw last year.
 Doc, we received a handful of questions on the balance sheet,
 primarily focused on uses of free cash flow.
 John Roberts asks,
 What are the capital allocation priorities moving forward?
 and can you please discuss your growth, debt level,
 debt level,
 of potential share repurchases.
 And T.J. Juvikar asked,
 beyond paying down some debt, what could be uses of cash, especially with improved free cash flow
 on the second half of 2020.
 would buy back the approved use of cash
 over the countervailing duty decision
 prevent you from buying back
 Josh, can you talk about capital priorities to address both of these questions?
 Yeah, thank you, gentlemen.
 Our capital priorities are unchanged, and they continue to be what we've said in the past.
 Our first priority is to maintain the business.
 Next priority, maintain investment-grade metrics.
 And to do that, you know, we have to continue our normal capital plan as we've had.
 We expect to lower debt by about $1 billion over the next few years, doing so when our
 bonds come due in the next couple of years.
 then continue some of the key projects like the Esterhazy Acceleration, K3 Acceleration,
 and then what we have after that, returning capital to shareholders.
 All freelys are dependent on future cash flow generation, and capital allocation will not be impacted in any way by the countervailing duties.
 We've also had a couple of questions from a buy-site analyst, and they include,
 Can you describe what's included in the 610 million
 of short-term debt that you indicated
 will be paid in 2020.
 And does Mosaic still plan to keep
 about a billion dollar cash balance
 and pay down at 2021 maturity.
 Thanks for the question.
 At the start of this year, we did increase our cash balance to a billion dollars by, first of all,
 taking out some money from our revolver and executing on some of our inventory financing debt.
 Since that time, we've paid down the revolver,
 and we will continue to pay down the rest of the $600 million in short-term debt
 throughout the rest of this year.
 Before we move on to market-related questions, Ben Isakson asked about our tax rate outlook.
 Why is your effective tax rate expected to be
 in the mid to high 50s?
 And how should we think about this rate
 under a Trump or Biden presidency.
 Thank you, Ben.
 Let me start by saying the first part of this is, and the reason for the tax rate being higher,
 is our income mix between our three jurisdictions, Canada, Brazil, and the U.S.
 The details of that, I'm going to actually hand it over to Clint
 to explain why the negative earnings in the U.S. will create a higher tax rate overall.
 Yeah, thanks, Jock.
 And, Ben, that's right.
 but it really comes down to an earnings mix phenomenon for us.
 If you recall, the tax rate is based on gap results by jurisdiction.
 And when you look at the United States, not only is our phosphate business incorporated into that,
 but also our corporate GNA,
 our interest expense, and so forth.
 So there are times
 when that pre-tax income in the U.S. turns negative,
 and that can begin to skew the rate.
 When you then start to factor in things like
 some of the foreign currency moves that we've seen
 and how it affects our mark-to-market and some of the notable items that we have on our schedule,
 that begins to skew it.
 And then, you know, as you've seen Brazil improve this year,
 that's our highest rate tax jurisdiction.
 So that begins to influence that rate as well.
 So really, it's a combination of all of those things
 that's resulting in an unusually high tax rate
 for this year.
 And then I'd add two things.
 one, on a longer term basis, we would expect that effective tax rate to be somewhere in the mid to
 high 20s, but then I would also call to your attention
 that our cash tax rates and payments are much different than that.
 As a matter of fact, this year, we expect to end up with a small cash tax refund, so
 very different than the effective tax rate in our financial statements.
 Now let's move on to market-related questions.
 Mike Piken asked if he could comment on our summer field programs in the U.S.
 and where we see downstream inventories in the U.S. at this point.
 Thank you, Michael.
 I think we've had
 fairly successful
 fill programs in both
 phosphates and potash here in the U.S.
 Recent discussions that we've had with our customers suggest that they're probably in the range of 60% full for the fall season.
 So there will be increased buying towards the fall season, but for the most part, our customers are in reasonably healthy shape going into that fall.
 Steve Byrne is looking for insight into future volumes.
 How are you trending in each of the segments through the month of July on a year-over-year basis?
 Do you see volumes higher in the third quarter?
 Any expectation for volumes for the rest of the year?
 Thanks, Steve.
 I would characterize Q3 as largely having our order of books full for both phosphate and potash,
 And so it'll be a matter of delivery and revenue recognition that will determine where we are for quarter three.
 But we expect a reasonably good fall in the U.S., and global markets are running well.
 So for both phosphates and potash, we expect relatively normal Q3 volumes in both.
 and then for the rest of the year,
 we should also see a good stable volume.
 Josh, Mark Connelly would like insight into grain and oilseed price implications.
 how important to Mosaic Earnings Outlook
 are higher, greater, and RLT prices.
 If the current price of corn is sustained through 2020 and soybeans stay at or near
 their current prices.
 Do you think there is any material room for higher P&K prices in the market?
 Thank you, Mark.
 oilseed and grain prices do have implications for us.
 But in general, the farmers tend to work a lot more on their needs to plant.
 So what's a lot more important to us is planting intentions, number of acres planted,
 And remember also that grain and oil seeds are just a few of the products that we fertilize.
 So it really depends on what does the whole global market look like
 and what is the demand for P and K,
 and what is supply balance there as opposed to something on the grain and oil seed.
 It has an indirect impact, but I would say no direct impact on our pricing.
 Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley wants to know about our market forecast.
 Given that the last 10 years of T&K shipments
 show some pattern lumpiness, potash more than phosphate,
 Why not forecast luckiness going forward
 rather than just keggers.
 Thanks, Vincent.
 we tend to
 forecasts on annual growth
 Simply because some of the other factors that go into the lumpiness of our business are impossible to forecast.
 And those are, you know, really inventory movements globally.
 and, of course, weather.
 You saw in 2019 the weather impacts in the U.S. made a fundamental difference to the growth rate of both phosphate and potash on a global scale.
 So we really have to look at it on averages, but recognize that there will be lumpiness as we go forward.
 I'm going to move on to some questions on phosphate.
 Okay.
 This one is from Ben Isakson.
 The benchmark MAP selling price fell by $16 to $314 per ton.
 Yet Mosaic's average finished product selling price fell by almost three times that amount,
 or by $44 to 308 from 352.
 Why?
 How could we think this – how should we think about this relationship going forward?
 Thanks, Ben.
 The answer here is simply that the average selling price in Port Lavantes is based on all the components we sell,
 including urea and potash in the blends, both of which are down significantly.
 so when you look at that relationship going forward
 You have to take into account all three products that could be in our blends that we sell.
 Ben also asked, fast shipping margins have started to improve in July
 after remaining largely flat throughout the second quarter.
 Are you seeing this flow through to the phosphate segment's margins?
 Thank you, Ben, again.
 That serving margin, we track that because that really is what do we get after the cost of raw materials and transport as revenue.
 So, of course, this flows directly into our margins.
 An improvement in stripping margin really is almost directly related to our overall profitability.
 Adam Samuelson would like to know, what does Mosaic see as the equilibrium prices of U.S. NOLA DAP and MAP versus key offshore benchmarks?
 Thank you, Adam.
 really say there is
 if you look at it historically,
 other than the last, say,
 three years where there's been a real increase in
 imports, we have seen NOLA prices being similar to other global prices.
 And I would expect that under a more fair trade market, that's what you would see,
 is you would see the NOLA price being equal to what the price is
 and other markets adjusted for the transport cost.
 And that's exactly what we expect will happen after a countervailing duty case if they readjust that market.
 Jack, Steve Byrne would like more insight into our global phosphate demand outlook
 and its relationship to inventory swings specifically.
 What is your estimate of underlying global consumption of phosphate in 29?
 And was it below the shipment for 71 million tons?
 Thank you, Steve.
 If we look at 2019, there was no question that there was buildup of global inventory, particularly in the U.S.
 I mean, in the U.S., there was a poor season, and the imports in particularly kept coming in.
 We shut down our Louisiana operation for a number of months last year,
 And still, the inventory billed in the U.S. was very high.
 Likewise, the Brazilian inventory was probably slightly above normal coming into this year
 for maybe some of the same reasons.
 But what I will say is in the first and second quarter of this year,
 we have largely cleared out all of that inventory and probably have moved from an area of high inventory
 to very low inventory in phosphates as we move into the third quarter of this year.
 Josh, in a related question, he also asks,
 Are normalized inventory levels the reason for the increased phosphate shipment forecast in 2021?
 Yeah.
 In terms of 2021, what we really see is,
 the inventory levels should be pretty much leveled off,
 And we expect normal growth in the market as per any other year.
 so that 2% type annual growth in 2021.
 more.
 Vincent Andrews would like our opinion on farmer economics.
 He asks, given the recent run-up in DAP prices,
 Are you at all concerned about U.S. farmers deferring fall applications?
 And look, our experience has been, and if you look even at the spring with the COVID uncertainty,
 that farmers were on their fields according to their needs.
 And, you know, frankly, today with precision agriculture,
 they're more likely to put the right amount of fertilizers on every year.
 And phosphate prices, frankly, also are a very small piece of the overall cost of running a farm.
 I believe that most farmers will look at phosphate pricing and have it change their application.
 but I'd also highlight that phosphate prices are still very affordable
 when you look at where grain and oil seed prices are.
 So, as with most fall seasons, we would expect that weather will be the main arbitrator of demand.
 And, you know, with expecting an early crop maturity this year, we expect we should have a good fall.
 Joc, we have three questions related to China and phosphate.
 First, Vincent Andrews asks, what do you anticipate will be the Chinese DAP exports in the second half of 2020?
 and what second half 2020 DAP price does that assume?
 If staff prices are higher or lower than your assumption, what would happen to Chinese exports?
 Thanks, Vincent.
 Chinese exports over the first half of the year were lowered by about 800,000 tons from last year.
 Now, our base forecast calls for Chinese exports to end the year about 600,000 times lower.
 In other words, we expect that international pricing is a little higher.
 So we'll have sent a few extra tons coming out of China in the second half.
 And if prices are higher than our expectations,
 Okay.
 there might be a little bit more upside,
 but we don't see significant upside.
 And part of the reason for this is domestic demand is coming in fairly strong as we move into fall.
 And I think the big issue there will be export availability limitations.
 Now, obviously, if our prices are lower than expectations,
 you know, the volumes could be even lower than what they are now.
 Thank you.
 Goldstein and Steve Byrne both asked about production, specifically.
 What is the status and outlook for reduced phosphate production
 at specific facilities in China and Tunisia?
 And do you expect to lower exports over the next several years?
 Cheers.
 hit China first, you know, there's been a well-known shift towards shutting down some
 of the higher polluting
 plans, particularly along
 the NC River.
 And we've seen some here that have resulted in production declines in the first half of the year.
 In terms of Chinese export volume over the next years, we maintain that Chinese exports will trend lower and will establish a new normal.
 I mean, we've now seen what we think is the bottoming of Chinese domestic demand,
 and we're seeing a lowering of production.
 will have to come a lowering of exports
 as they meet domestic demand.
 For Tunisia, it would appear that expectations for plant research and resurgence of production
 in 2020 were somewhat overstated.
 But it's also important to put Tunisia in context.
 We have produced an average of about 750,000 tons
 of DAP and TSP over the last five years.
 protests will certainly lead to
 shuddering of their rock production.
 This has plagued them for over a decade,
 So, which means we would expect them to stay about the same RAN rate as we go forward as well.
 John, the last section of questions relates to potash global markets.
 Steve Byrne and Seth Goldstein asked about the impact of palm oil demand on potash.
 What is the typical lag between movements in palm oil prices and changes in potash demand in Southeast Asia?
 And has the rebound in palm oil pricing resulted in increased potash demand in Southeast Asia?
 Thank you, gentlemen.
 Tom, oil demand is important for potash.
 And what we have seen recently is an improvement in palm oil prices,
 and we know that for
 production reasons
 they will be adding potash to their palm oil plantations.
 And so we see that as a fairly direct relationship.
 I wouldn't say we see increased demand, but we see demand that is getting back to its normal levels.
 In terms of a longer term, export demand and domestic demand for biofuels is helping in terms of optimism for recovery.
 So all of these things mean that we should see a better demand for potash
 in the Southeast Asia region, particularly Malaysia and Indonesia.
 Joel Jackson and Ben Isidtzen would both like to understand where global production
 inventory stand in the various regions, particularly in China.
 Thank you, gentlemen.
 If we look at China, there's sort of a bifurcation of inventory.
 We know there's about 3.5 million tons at the port, but we believe there's relatively low inventories as we move inland.
 And so as we're now seeing a strong demand for NPKs in the domestic market,
 We do expect with the movements out of the port to those NPK plants,
 we'll start bringing down inventory levels,
 assuming that the arrivals are about at normal levels
 compared to last year.
 Thank you.
 Connelly and Steve Byrne are both interested in Potash Demand Group.
 What is driving the acceleration in potash demand in your forecast?
 and other specific geographies.
 I wouldn't say we're actually forecasting an acceleration of potash demand.
 Wattash demand growth from a long-term trend
 is staying fairly steady at what we believe to be around 3%.
 And if you take 2019 out of it, I think we still stay just on that trend.
 In a related question, if demand ends up toward the high end of your range,
 Do you see increased supply balance in the market, or would you expect the market to tighten?
 This requires two things.
 One, the success of production ramp-ups on the new projects,
 particularly, I guess, Eurochem's, Varga Kalli, and Yersalski.
 But given the delays we've seen in recent years on these ramp hubs,
 It would seem that the market should tighten, actually,
 a man comes in by and by.
 And the last related question also, what is the bull case for potash pricing over a three-to-five-year period?
 Thanks.
 There's a number of factors that could create a bull run in potash prices,
 And the first I've already mentioned, which is slower ramp-up of the projects, particularly the ones in Russia and Belarusia.
 but what we would really expect
 is probably a higher utilization rate of the North American assets over the next, say,
 three to five years, and a more modest rise in prices.
 that would suggest prices appreciate slightly to where they were maybe in 2018
 and utilization of assets goes up at the same time.
 Another podcast-related question from Adam Samuelson and Ben Isakson.
 They're both asking about the disconnect between pricing trends between Brazilian MOP
 that rallied off lows in the second quarter versus U.S. and Southeast Asian MOP prices
 that have continued to leak lower.
 Are strong Brazilian economists enough to offset this weakness in other regions?
 Thanks.
 Brazilian farm economics are really outstanding at present,
 which is certainly helping to underpin pricing in that market.
 and we expect that to continue.
 For the U.S. and Southeast Asian markets, I think it's important that you remember
 that this is a seasonally slow period for potash demand, and that will impact prices.
 is I'd also like to highlight that our summer fill program was extremely well-received.
 And it is typical of commodity markets
 to necessarily see
 first a rebound in demand
 and then prices following after that.
 We have now completed our pre-submitted questions.
 And so now what I would like to do is open it up to the audience for live Q&A.
 operator.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, to ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 To address your question, please press the down key.
 We will limit the question to one per participant to allow the other's questions to be addressed.
 Thank you.
 please stand by
 while we compile the TNN roster.
 First question comes from the line of Adam Samson from Goldman Sachs.
 Your line is open.
 Yes, thanks.
 Good morning, everyone.
 And so I guess I wanted to follow up on the affordability question, Jacques, on phosphates.
 And on your own kind of affordability metric that you published, we're now above long-term average.
 and just trying to think about where you would see an upper limit to that.
 and especially if you think about next year and farmer income risks from government support programs in the U.S.
 or lack thereof, given kind of the big farmer support payments that have been experienced both this year and last?
 Thanks, Adam.
 Welcome.
 You know, there's certainly a relationship between crop prices and how people feel about the imports.
 But as you say, you know, support payments from governments and whatnot have done a lot
 to keep farmer incomes at least stable.
 And, yes, while we're pushing phosphate and potash prices, probably not potash so much, but certainly phosphates a little bit closer to that ratio,
 two things on this I'd say is, first of all, you've got to look at December 21 prices.
 And if you look at December of 21 prices, I think we'd be looking at, what, 360 and
 $3.60 for corn and $9
 bucks for
 for beans.
 So they're going to see some reasonable prices on there if they sold forward into that market.
 So they'd be incented to get a good crop and use the fertilizer.
 but in terms of the direct
 relationship between the two.
 I'd say you could easily go a standard deviation above that ratio
 and not have it materially affect demand.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne of Bank of America.
 Yeah, your line is open.
 Yeah, I just wanted to hear whether or not you saw any impact on phosphate imports during the month of July following the countervailing duty petition
 and just ask for an update on your gypsum sales out of your gypsum in Brazil.
 Any update on that?
 Sure. Thanks, Steve. First of all, yeah, in July, I believe the imports were lower in July.
 I'd have to get an exact number and get somebody to get back to them on how much that was down.
 But our understanding, and we did talk to a lot of customers,
 and our understanding is certainly the importers who were importing either the OCP or the Russian products,
 products, I definitely took a step back to understand what the risks might be in terms
 of them picking up some sort of countervailing duty risk.
 So we did see a step back in July, whether they will come back into the market in the next couple of months.
 I don't know.
 What we have seen, however, is new products coming in from places like Egypt and Australia and Mexico.
 So it does say there is some change.
 I gotta ask somebody to give me,
 What was the second part of your question there, Steve?
 I missed the
 in my writing.