 Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Mosaic Company's second quarter 2020 earnings fireside chat
 At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode.
 After the companies complete their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your
 questions.
 Our host for today's call is Laura Gannon, Vice President, Investor's Relations of the
 the most a company.
 You may begin.
 Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter in 2020 earnings call.
 Today will be Jack O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, Clint Freeland,
 Senior Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer,
 and Mr. Cullen, Senior Vice President Commercial.
 We will host a prepared question-and-answer session addressing the questions received last night,
 followed by a short live Q&A session time permitting.
 with all of our earnings materials,
 released yesterday after market close are available on our website at posaicco.com.
 We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call.
 The statements include that are not limited to statements about future financial and operating
 results.
 They're based on management's beliefs and expectations.
 as of today's date.
 and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.
 natural results and a different materiality
 projected results, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
 in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release
 and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 We will also be presenting certain non-gap financial measures.
 second quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to yesterday's
 form 8K violence, as well as our commentary on the quarter
 posted to our website.
 self-contained information.
 important on these non-gap measures.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jack.
 Good morning, thank you for joining us today.
 We'll start with very brief comments,
 Then we'll get straight onto your questions.
 This was a very good quarter for Montaigne,
 and our momentum is increasing.
 The key points about a performance of a cash flow generation
 quarter is the result of the past five years of work by our team to transform our cost
 structure and strengthen our franchise.
 exceeding even earlier than we expected.
 we've already achieved five of our 7-2021 cost targets.
 Even with realized potash prices down $20 per ton from the first quarter and realized
 falsely prices at just $13 per ton in the quarter,
 We generated over 800 million in cash from operations.
 We deliver the adjusted EBITDA 25% higher than consensus expectations, even before our adjusted
 without definition change.
 We paid down $500 million in short-term debt and structured payables in the quarter,
 while retaining cash on the balance sheet above $1 billion.
 In Padash, we continue to invest in the accelerated K3 project,
 hitting a major milestone of connecting the K-3 shafts to the K-1 mill.
 We continue to reduce our brine management costs,
 and we achieve the lowest cash cost per ton of production.
 over a decade.
 They're totally gone, Dave.
 had an excellent quarter, hitting both real, based,
 cost targets and achieving further cost benefits from the weakening Rihanna, as well as realizing
 over 80% of our targeted four-year transformation benefits.
 Fossilates drove the cash pass of rock below the target and lower than last year,
 despite increasing distances, combining and depreciation.
 And with all of these efforts,
 We reaffirmed our commitment to you, to our shareholders, our employees, our customers
 and our communities to act responsibly.
 We announce new, aggressive, broad-based,
 environmental, social, and governance targets.
 and we will use these targets to drive performance across the business.
 are continuing to transform.
 The quarters, accelerating earnings, and cash flow clearly reflect our efforts today, and
 and we are driving additional future savings.
 deliver another $700 million in savings above the 2019 base as we continue to execute our
 strategy.
 Mosaic is more competitive than ever before.
 and with fertilizer markets improving,
 we have significant earnings leveraged to the future.
 We'll take your questions.
 I'm going to start with some questions we received on the call.
 Adam Danielson from Goldman Sachs asked,
 In the second quarter, Mowraic was ahead of his 2021 target
 on a number of the key cost KPIs.
 how much incremental opportunity do you see
 on each key metric to further reduce costs?
 And if so, what level of incremental capital spend would be necessary to achieve those
 for your question, Adam.
 As we've said earlier, we have new targets
 that includes $700 million of additional improvements
 across the company.
 200 million of those coming from our Brazil operation
 and 500 coming from our North American and administrative.
 Some of the areas where we believe we can make big gains as we go forward, obviously,
 here in Brazil, where we continue to improve that business.
 in North America where automation is allowing us to
 drive efficiencies in both phosphates and part ash.
 And then, of course, our K3 operation, which, as we ramp it up,
 will eliminate a lot of cost and improve our grind management cost.
 So as we look forward, we see a lot of opportunities still
 And importantly, in September, when we bring all of this to our analyst's day, we expect
 to be able to give you more color and detail on what that's going to look like.
 I'll talk to you in a minute.
 Okay.
 Second Central Credit Swift asked,
 You're clearly comfortably ahead on numerous cost initiatives, including your K-3 shafts,
 and online.
 And that is all for this video, and I hope you enjoyed it.
 All right.
 in the U.S. and Brazil and for the Los Angeles platform.
 But would you take a step back?
 How are you thinking about your structural cost base
 in a normalized environment,
 and how much more could actually be done?
 especially in phosphate.
 Yeah, thank you, Chris. It's important to keep in mind that these cost improvements certainly are somewhat driven by high utilization.
 We've had a good quarter where we're able to use our assets fully, and we've had some
 benefits from exchange rate, particularly in Brazil, but also in Canada, over the long
 term though, the real differences have been structural and those are going to stay with
 and those are going to continue and we're going to continue to improve those.
 So if we look at, you know, our major projects,
 which include Estraezy K3, next-gen mining,
 and the Brazil transformation.
 Those are not temporary differences.
 those are true structural changes that will be delivering value for the long term.
 Michael Paikin from Cleveland Research asks,
 You mentioned that you are on track to exceed your $225 million in non-market growth in 2020.
 Which segments are exceeding your expectations
 of how much higher can this number go for 2020?
 Hello, Michael. Let me clarify, our $225 million were actual items that we spent in 2019 that we did not expect to repeat in 2020.
 on those, some of the key items, the plants of city idling, that's happened and now is
 outside of our cost structure.
 our Brazilian dams, we've completed the work now,
 and that $80 million of cost is now behind us.
 Equally the ramp up of ester hazy, which has gone better than we expected
 expected. We now are delivering 1 million tons a year from the KTRIP project, so that
 that has already flowed through to us.
 And then of our $50 million of transformation in Brazil that were part of that $225 million,
 already at over 40 million so we see that as pretty much complete and ongoing savings
 will be above and beyond that original 225 we talked about.
 To ask a larger number of questions, seek a better understanding of our countervailing
 and duties petition.
 full scene from Morningside.
 to Chris Parkinson from Credit Twist,
 after an update on potential regulation changes
 of the U.S. import duties on Morocco and Russia's supply.
 And if the outcome is successful in our favor,
 what should they expect in changes to their landed U.S. cost?
 In other words, what are the potential outcomes
 in terms of leveling the playing field.
 Thank you gentlemen. Let me start by saying we believe in free and fair trade.
 The reason we filed this petition in the first place was to address and balance
 is associated with unfair government subsidies on imports and to highlight unequal requirements
 on environmental standards.
 Our competitors benefit from access to artificially low rock cost and energy while not having
 to meet adequate and proper environmental standards.
 And we also will say that what we have done is put this forward to the Department of Commerce
 and the International Trade Commission.
 They will judge on the merits and, as such, determine what level of duties, if any, need
 to be put in place to create a fair trade situation.
 And, Quinn, do you have anything to add to that?
 Yeah, no, John, I think you're right.
 We certainly are ahead of schedule on the realization
 in the $225 million in non-market benefit this year.
 Keep in mind that the $80 million that we spent on dam remediation last year was spread
 really through the second through fourth quarter, so we realized about $36 million in benefit
 in the second quarter and should realize the balance throughout the rest of the year.
 year.
 Dr. John Roberts
 from UVS, would like to know.
 Can you review the basis for your five-state countervailing
 duties position?
 and have you had any response from customers or competitors?
 Thank you, John. Our basis for the petition is clearly laid out in the public documents,
 and I would ask that you go to those.
 Also, the comments from any of our competitors or customers
 or the other concerned groups is clearly
 light out in those public documents.
 I would suggest you go there.
 Our position is clearly that the Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission
 are the ones that will decide what are the merits of this case.
 Now, clearly, as we talk to our customers, some are concerned mostly about how they're
 are going to get their supply.
 We believe that this has opened up new opportunities
 for outside competitors to come in
 and make up some of that supply, but in the end,
 I think all people understand why we put it forward
 You know, we'll have to wait to see what the ITC says in terms of its mayor.
 Josh, we received several questions asking about trade flows and implications to other markets.
 Specifically, Adam, Sam Wilson, and seven others.
 Yeah.
 That's six to 12 miles.
 How do we think about the net impact of potential trade
 slow impact of potential U.S. countervailing duties on Morocco and Russia's off-site.
 Do you see risk of market share competition rising in other major import markets, notably Brazil?
 Thanks, Mike and Joel.
 Let's answer the last question first.
 No, we don't think this will impact global supply and demand.
 All we will do is probably change trade flows.
 The current market and resulting pricing is reflected of a tight market, and if anything,
 of countervailing duties only highlighted to people
 that this market was tight.
 So what's causing the plight market?
 favorable farm economics and lower supply, which began to take shape well before we filed
 However, it is reasonable to assume that the trade flows will be altered and some product
 will be shifted to other jurisdictions, including new suppliers coming into the U.S. and the
 and Russian suppliers focusing on other markets,
 which could be Brazil or wherever.
 Jonas Oskar from Bernstein asked two more technical questions
 with respect to the petition.
 Namely, if the Mosaic Trade Complaint is upheld,
 Will there be a retroactive benefit to Mosaic?
 And what is the timeline for final decision on the complaint?
 So, look, thank you, Jonas. Let me first clarify. Whether duties are applied retroactively will depend
 upon the level of imports from these two countries
 from the filing of the case until the DOC preliminary ruling.
 We expect the case to be finalized in Q1 2021, and at that point, if there has been excessive
 imports, they will look at assessing a retroactive duty.
 John, I'm now going to move on to questions about file state operations.
 Then, Isaacson from Socia asked,
 On the cash cost of minegrass in Florida falling to $36 per ton from $40 year over year.
 How much of that would do the transformational efforts
 for the favorable geology and how much more wiggle room is there to bring that down and how sustainable are these cost improvements?
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Ben.
 Clearly, our cost improvements are a combination of several factors.
 We've certainly been running our assets at an elevated utilization rate, and that's
 but our efforts to centralize mining operations.
 operations, screen line processes, and automates have also helped reduce our costs as previously
 to mention the establishment of a central control center
 for our mining and collapsing all of our mining operations
 basically into one large operation,
 which should be begin operation by the end of the year.
 will release further enhanced cost savings.
 And as we introduce new management structures
 appropriate automation for certain mining functions,
 and accelerate savings from adjustments to transportation,
 we start to see real long-term improvements
 in our cost structure.
 P.J. Juvacar from Citi also asked,
 with the recent rise of over $50 per ton in DAP pricing.
 Have you ramped up your production at the mine?
 and what could be the benefit of better cost absorption
 of higher times in the third quarter.
 Thanks for the question, DJ.
 high utilization rates have a beneficial impact,
 but that's really only part of the story, as we've mentioned.
 But I will say that as we look at two, three going forward,
 high tonnage and high utilization rates to continue.
 So we do expect to see better costs
 the rest of the year.
 structurally and because of high utilization.
 We also have a question from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Task.
 The specialty percentage rose to 48% of shipments
 and mark the new quarterly high in phosphate.
 Coincident with microcentral shipments to Perlazache being substantially above recent quarters.
 Is this sustainable?
 Why or why not?
 Thank you, Adam.
 The sales of microsensuals in Aspire hit record highs,
 and KMAG came in close to the record in Quarter 2, 2020.
 Among these growths, micro-central shipments to Brazil has been a major driver.
 Now, we believe that the growth of micro-essentials will continue over the next quarter, driven by Mosaic,
 and also North America.
 America. I have to re-emphasize the value that microsensuals brings to the
 growers is showing positive returns for them
 on their investment.
 So these are bringing real value to the growers
 and to our customers, the distributors.
 So we do believe that as more people start using micro-essentials,
 This is very sustainable, and they're going to see the benefits, and they're going to
 keep using that product.
 Jack, three analysts submitted multi-part questions
 related to our potash operations.
 So first, Chris Parkinson's asks, the demand environment
 in product use to be modestly improving.
 while spot prices are well off their first half low.
 Can you talk about your thought process
 for the second half of 21 operating rate assumptions
 and how that may drive changes in your mind.
 Thanks, Chris.
 As you know, we've accelerated the development of K3, and this has an obvious impact on cost.
 Well, now with declining blind management spending and in the future as the line ramps
 Beyond K3, we continue to see strong results from Bell Plane, which recorded its lowest
 cost position in more than a decade.
 As we move forward, we're going to take advantage of owning two of only seven mines in the world
 with annual production capacity of over 3 million tons.
 with some of the lowest cost in the industry.
 as we look to the future.
 We intend to optimize the production coming from K3 and from our bell plane operation
 and only see running higher cost mines like Colande,
 if the market really requires it in the future.
 Doc, another question comes to you from Jonas Ochsgaard of Bernstein.
 Impot as you lowered your cost for Town Affair a bit,
 But how much of that was simply spreading
 costs over a 20% larger volume.
 On a fixed volume basis, what would your cost reduction be?
 Good question, Jonas.
 there is no question that the larger volume helps spread out our cloths.
 However, we believe there are structural changes
 that are fundamentally changing our costs over the long term.
 We think one area of clear saving
 of the accelerated reduction in brine management costs as we shipped to K3, K1 underground
 mining will be completed this year.
 prime management accounted for eight dollars a ton in Q2,
 And now we'll continue to decline as we move into 2021.
 and will be eliminated completely by 2022.
 So as you can see, a lot of our cost reduction
 is actually structural and should be with us
 through the long term.
 That's P.J. DuVecar from Citi asks.
 kind of savings do you expect from sending K3 Potash or to the K1 mill and what is the
 updated timeline now to shut down K1 and K2.
 Thank you, PJ. We expect to be sending potash to K-1 and actually be shutting down our K-1
 and shafts from a production perspective early in 2021.
 And that will start meaning we're only going to be operating two shafts, and then by the
 the end of 2022, only operating the one big K3 shell.
 At that point, the project will be complete.
 will eliminate brine inflow.
 And that really will be the end of our K1 and K2 mine
 from a production perspective.
 Now, Vincent Andrews is interested in how he should think about our potash shipments
 in the second half of this year,
 given how strong shipments were in second quarter.
 Also, can we remind him of the accounting
 for the Chinese contract shipments
 that were already in a bonded warehouse.
 to contract agreement.
 Thank you, Vincent.
 Yes, we did have strong shipments in quarter one.
 And if I would concur to our discussions with CAMPA-TEX,
 I think they have a fairly full order book for Q3 and even going well into Q4.
 So I believe the shipments internationally
 will be strong in the second half.
 And domestically, we're expecting a good fall in North America.
 So we're expecting strong shipments there as well.
 So from our perspective, a second half
 is looking pretty strong from a podcast perspective.
 In terms of the shipments in the first half,
 I'd just like to throw it over to Clint
 to explain a little bit about our China shipments
 a bonded warehouse that we rev-rect in the first half of the year.
 Can you discuss that?
 Sure, John. Good morning, Vincent.
 So, to start with, on a consolidated basis, we don't recognize revenue until that product
 is sold to a third party.
 However, we do, on a segment level,
 basis.
 recognize a revenue when Campatex sells products to our distribution business in China and
 When they sent that product to our distribution business
 in China, the segment recognized revenue,
 But that was based on an estimate of quite an instance
 the contract had not been completed.
 once the contract was completed,
 and the price for that transaction was that,
 that gave rise to the adjustment.
 But again, that's an adjustment on the potash segment only
 Because we won't recognize revenue on that product on a consolidated basis until it's finally sold to a third party.
 Thanks for that clarification, Gwen.
 Chalk, I'm now going to move on to questions about motifs for lasaches.
 We have four analysts, including John Roberts from UBS and Mark Connolly from Stevens,
 Stevens asked similar questions about the timing of volumes in the bill.
 Civilian farmers are having an outstanding year so far and have been widely reported to be buying inputs well ahead of last year's schedule.
 How much do you think has been borrowed from the third quarter?
 and are we likely to see an offsetting reduction
 and third quarter margin to request those lower volumes.
 next quarter, and specifically within the quarter.
 April and May were significantly higher than the prior year months.
 Well, June appeared to be much closer to a year ago.
 Is that just timing or are the trends decelerating into July?
 Great question. The strong volumes in the first half of the year did reflect some forward input
 purchases as a result of generally favorable farm economics, but year-over-year demand
 is expected to be up slightly to 37 million tons.
 and in that figure, we believe we are beginning
 to take market share as farmers gravitate towards higher
 analysis of products and high-value products such as R and micro-essentials.
 Doc Mark Connolly at Stevens asked,
 how did the dramatic improvement in cost in Brazil
 break out between volume-driven cost improvement
 an operational structural cost change
 that should repeat with normal volumes.
 Thank you Mark. Let me start by saying last year our operations were negatively impacted by the
 the change in regulations that required us to shut down a couple of operations for dam
 improvements.
 that reduce volume and impact of our raw materials access.
 This year, we're benefiting from running a full operations
 And this also has allowed us to have more access to our own rock supply.
 So overall, that has helped a little bit.
 What a third of those costs are probably volume-related.
 The others are improvements to our freight,
 inventory management, our overall planning, and of course structural changes to our cost
 structures.
 I think overall, though, we're seeing long-term changes
 to how the Brazil business is running,
 and we're starting to see full benefit
 of the $330 million or so of integration benefit
 that we announced at the end of last year.
 Josh P.J. Juvacar has a question about currency.
 the Brazilian RI bricks into the U.S.,
 it was found significantly year over year in the second quarter of 2020.
 How did that volatility impact you, and what specifically was the impact in the quarter?
 And we'll see you next time.
 Thanks, PJ.
 I'd like to talk about two aspects of the Brazilian REI that really has changed things.
 And the first of those, of course, is the impact on farmer economics.
 I think that is actually the bigger improvement.
 their ability to buy fertilizers and the continuous growth of the Brazilian agriculture segment
 is largely driven by great economics for the farmer.
 You know, that's the first place we want to talk about where the Brazilian REI has helped us in terms of our cost performance.
 you will see that we tend to put our targets in REI-based.
 So, that allows us to understand what's the real underlying improvement.
 Obviously, there was some positive impact.
 I think we saw definite improvements in our overall cost
 because of the REI, but I would say we focus more on what is the REI-based cost because
 that tells us whether we're really improving the business
 or just taking advantage of currency.
 In the back you'll notice
 P.J., I'd also like to point out that if you look at the back of our set, you'll see basically
 are sensitivities, and a one at 10 cent move in the REI amounts to about $20 million a
 year unhedged. So if we think about this as being about 50% hedged, it's fairly easy
 to do the reconciliation to last year's REI calls.
 Yeah, we have another question from Ben Isaacs,
 with respect to Mosaic for lasanges.
 And when they said it was actually failed by him,
 have been notably higher year over year.
 Can you walk through the strategic strengths of this business
 and how it relates to your mix between commodity
 and micro-essential tons.
 Thanks, Ben.
 You know, again, I've said this before, but I'll repeat, you know,
 that the volume growth really was a result of improvement
 in farm economics in Brazil.
 the strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the REI excellent bar the ratios and anticipation
 but a strong summer crop demand.
 So both commodity and performance products
 I've shown robust increases in Q2 of 2020 versus a year ago.
 John, Chris Parkinson asked for a COVID-19 update.
 If you question this,
 as it was in the midst of a fairly complex COVID-19 outbreak,
 which is periodically benefiting the port and logistics system.
 and you give us an update on the demand environment,
 as well as any logistical headwinds you perceive
 during the peak for the larger application season.
 Thanks Chris. Look, let's start tomorrow for operations in Brazil. And although we've had
 a number of cases because of the high level of community transmission, we have not been impacted
 on our operations to this point.
 and we've instituted a number of procedures
 to make sure we mitigate the spread.
 sorry, and then from an overall country logistics perspective, we believe that in general, we
 we have been unaffected by COVID.
 Now obviously there's going to be local places
 where that impacts us.
 But in general, we've been able to work around that and kept the product moving to the end customer.
 And from a demand perspective, despite COVID, we've continued to see strong demand again
 driven by favorable foreign economics and we have got our product to our
 customers with relatively little impact.
 The last question, we received them.
 day.
 Some of the vouchers come to
 Joel Jaston.
 The second quarter growth margin was more than doubled
 the results from the prior two years.
 How much of that gain was market conditions versus foreign exchange tailwind versus share
 gain in the market versus a pull-forward of Q3 because of COVID-related logistics concerns.
 Thanks, Joel.
 I would summarize our results in the second quarter in Brazil as a couple of factors.
 First of all, if we looked at the exchange rate,
 it's probably offset almost perfectly the change in pricing.
 So what we see in actual results is almost solely the result of our own actions
 and the reversal of some of the dam costs that we saw last year.
 Josh, we've received a handful of questions on the balance sheet, primarily focused on
 uses the precastful.
 John Roberts asks, what are the capital allocation priorities moving forward and can you please
 to discuss your growth, debt level, dividend,
 as potential share repurchases.
 And TJ Uvacar asked, beyond paying down some debt,
 What could be uses of cash?
 especially with improved pre-cache flow
 of the second half of 2020.
 would buy back the approved use of cash over the counter railing duty decision
 and present you for buying back stock.
 Josh, can you talk about capital priorities to address both of these questions?
 Yeah, thank you, gentlemen.
 Our capital priorities are unchanged, and they continue to be what we've said in the past,
 Our first priority is to maintain the business.
 Next priority, maintain investment grade metrics.
 And to do that, you know, we have to continue our normal capital plan as we've had.
 We expect to lower debt by about a billion dollars over the next few years,
 doing so when our bonds come due in the next couple of years.
 and then continue some of the key projects
 like the esterhaezy acceleration, K3 acceleration,
 and then what we have after that returning capital
 to shareholders. All free leads are dependent on future cash flow generation and capital
 location will not be impacted in any way by the countervailing duties.
 We also had a couple of questions from a by-side analyst, and they include, can you describe
 of what's included in the 610 million of short-term debt
 that you indicated will be paid in 2020.
 And does Maldave still plan to keep about a billion-dollar cash balance and pay down
 at 20-21 maturity.
 Thanks for the question at the start of this year. We did increase our cash balance to a billion dollars by first of all taking out
 So, some money from our revolver and executing on some of our inventory financing debt.
 Since that time, we've paid down the revolver, and we will continue to pay down the rest
 of the $600 million in short-term debt throughout the rest of this year.
 Before we move on to market-related questions, then Isaacson asked about our tax rate outlook.
 Why is your effective tax rate expected to be in the mid to high 50s and how should we think about this rate under a Trump or Biden presidency?
 Thank you, Ben.
 Let me start by saying the first part of this is, and the reason for the tax rate being
 higher is our income mix between our three jurisdictions, Canada, Brazil, and the U.S.
 The details of that, I'm going to actually hand it over to Clint
 to explain why the negative earnings in the U.S. will create a higher tax rate overall.
 Yeah, thanks, Chuck, and then that's right.
 And it really comes down to an earnings mix phenomenon for us, if you recall.
 The tax rate is based on gap results by jurisdiction, and when you look at the United States, not
 Not only is our phosphate business incorporated into that, but also our corporate G&A are
 interested...
 expense and so forth. So there are times when that pre-tax income in the U.S. turns negative
 and that can begin to skew the rate.
 when you then start to factor in things like some of the foreign currency moves that we've
 and how it affects our mark to market and some of the notable items that we have on our schedule,
 schedule, that begins to skew it.
 And then, as you've seen, Brazil improved this year.
 that's our highest rate tax jurisdiction.
 So that begins to influence that rate as well.
 And really, it's the combination of all of those things that's resulting in an unusually
 a high tax rate for this year.
 And then I'd add two things.
 one on a longer-term basis, we would expect that effective tax rate to be somewhere in
 in the mid to high 20s, depending on what also
 call to your attention, that our cash tax rates and payments are much different than
 that.
 this year we expect to end up with a small cash tax refund so very different
 in the effective tax rate in our financial statements.
 Now let's move on to Mark with related questions.
 Mike Piken asked if he could comment on our summer field programs in the U.S.
 and where we see downstream inventories in the U.S. at this point.
 Thank you.
 I think we've had fairly successful field programs in both phosphate and pot ash here in the U.S.
 The recent discussions that we've had with our customers
 suggested they're probably in the range of 60% fall for the fall season.
 And so there will be increased buying towards the fall season.
 But for the most part, our customers
 are in reasonably healthy shape going into that fall.
 C-Burn is looking for insight into future volumes.
 How are you trending in each of the segments through the month of July on a year-over-year
 basis.
 Do you see volumes higher in the third quarter?
 Any expectation for volumes for the rest of the year?
 Thanks, Steve.
 I would characterize Q3 as largely having our order of books full for both phosphate and potash,
 And so it'll be a matter of delivery and revenue recognition that will determine where we are for quarter three.
 but we expect a reasonably good fall in the U.S.
 and global markets are running well.
 So for both phosphate and plot ash,
 We expect relatively normal Q3 volumes in both,
 and then for the rest of the year,
 we should also see a good stable volume.
 Josh Mark Connelly would like insight into grain and oil
 seed price implications.
 How important to modate earnings outlook at higher grain and oil prices?
 If the current price of corn is the same through 2020 and soybeans stay at or near their current prices,
 Do you think there is any material room for higher P&K prices in the market?
 Thank you, Mark.
 Clearly, oil seed and grain prices do have implications for us,
 But in general, the farmers tend to work a lot more on their needs to plant.
 So what's a lot more important to us is planting intentions, number of acres planted, and remember
 also.
 The green
 and oil seeds are just a few of the products that we fertilize.
 So, it really depends on what does the whole global market look like and what is the demand
 for...
 PNK and what supply balance there as opposed to something on the grain oil seed.
 It has an indirect impact, but I would say no direct impact on our pricing.
 Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley wants to know about our market forecast.
 Given that the last 10 years of PNK shipments show some patterns lumpiness, potash more
 of the process.
 why not forecast luckiness going forward rather than just Kagers?
 Thanks, Vincent.
 We tend to forecast on annual growth.
 Simply because some of the other factors that go into the lumpiness of our
 business are impossible to forecast and those are, you know, really inventory
 movements globally, and of course, weather.
 you saw in 2019, the weather impacts in the U.S.
 made a fundamental difference to the growth rate
 of both cloth face and potash on a global scale.
 So we really have to look at it on averages
 but recognize that there will be lumpiness as we go forward.
 We're going to move on to some questions on phosphate.
 This one is from Ben Isaacson.
 The benchmark NAP selling price fell by $16 to $314 per ton.
 Yet Mosaic's average finished product fell inside,
 I fell by almost three times at a mouth.
 or by $44 to 308 from 252.
 Why?
 I don't think we think this,
 So how should we think about this relationship going forward?
 Thanks, Dan.
 The answer here is simply that the average selling price in Port Labantage is based on
 and all the components we sell including urea
 action to blend, both of which are down significantly.
 So when you look at that relationship going forward,
 to take into account all three products
 to be in our blends that we sell.
 Ben also asked that shipping margins have started to improve in July after remaining largely flat throughout the second quarter
 Are you seeing this flow through to the phosphate-pregnance margin?
 Thank you, Ben, again.
 That's serving margin.
 We track that because that really is,
 What do we get after the cost of raw materials
 and transport as revenue.
 So, of course, this flows directly into our margins.
 An improvement in stripping margin really is almost directly related to our overall
 of profitability.
 Adam Samuelson would like to know, what does Mosaic see as the equilibrium prices of US NOLA DAP and MAP versus key offshore benchmarks?
 Thank you, Adam.
 All I can really say there is if you look at it historically other than the last
 I'll say three years where there's been a real increase in imports.
 We have seen NOLA prices being similar to other global prices, and I would expect that
 under a more fair trade market.
 that's what you would see as you would see the NOLA price being equal to what the price
 and other markets adjusted for the transport cost.
 and that's exactly what we expect will happen
 after a countervailing duty case if they readjust that market.
 just that market.
 Steve Byrne would like more insight into our global software demand outlook and its relationship
 to inventory swings, specifically?
 What is your estimate of underlying global consumption
 of phosphate in 29?
 and was it below the shipment for $71 million?
 Did it reflect channeling in 12 bills?
 Thank you, Steve. If we look at 2019, there was no question that there was buildup of
 global inventory, particularly in the U.S.
 I mean, in the U.S., there was a poor season
 and the imports in particularly kept coming in,
 shut down our Louisiana operation for a number of months last year and and still
 of the inventory bill in the U.S. works is very high.
 Likewise, the Brazilian inventory was probably slightly above normal coming into this year
 for maybe some of the same reasons.
 But what I will say is in the first and second quarter of this year,
 We have largely cleared out all of that inventory and probably have moved from an area
 of high inventory to very low inventory
 as we move into the third quarter of this year.
 Josh, in a related question, he also asked,
 our normalized inventory levels
 reason for the increased phosphate shipment forecast in 2021.
 In terms of 2021, what we really see is the inventory levels should be pretty much leveled
 and we expect normal growth in the market as per any other year so that 2% type annual growth in 2021.
 Vincent Andrews would like our opinion on pharma economics.
 Yeah.
 Given the recent run-up in DAP prices, are you at all concerned about your farmers deferring
 application.
 Thanks, Vincent.
 Look, our experience has been, and if you look even at this spring with the COVID uncertainty,
 that farmers will fertilize their on their fields according to their needs.
 And, you know, frankly, today with precision agriculture,
 we're more likely to be able to do a lot of things.
 to put the right amount of fertilizers on every year.
 So, you know, and fossil price is frankly also are a very small piece of the overall
 cost of running a farm. So, I don't believe that most farmers will look at phosphate
 pricing and have it change their application. But I'd also highlight the
 and phosphate prices are still very affordable
 when you look at where grain and oil suit prices are.
 So, as with most fall seasons, we would expect that weather will be the main arbitrator of demand.
 and with expecting an early crop maturity this year,
 we expect we should have a good fall.
 questions related to China and phosphate. First, Vincent Andrews asks, what do you anticipate
 will be the Chinese DAP exports in the second half of 2020.
 And what second half 2020 death price?
 Does that assume?
 If the app prices are higher or lower than your assumption,
 What would happen to Chinese exports?
 Thank you.
 Excellent.
 Chinese exports over the first half of the year were lowered by about 800,000 tons from last year.
 Now, our base forecast calls for Chinese exports to end the year are about 600,000 tons lower.
 In other words, we expect that international pricing is a little higher.
 and sent a few extra tons coming out of China
 in the second half.
 And if prices are higher than our expectations,
 There might be a little bit more upside, but we don't see significant upside.
 And part of the reason for this is domestic demand is coming in fairly strong as we move into fall.
 And I think the big issue there will be export availability limitations.
 Now, obviously, if our places are lower than expectations, the volumes could be even lower
 than what they are now.
 Okay.
 That's Goldstein and Steve Byrne both asked about production, specifically.
 What is the status and outlook for reduced phosphate production at specific facilities
 in China and Tunisia.
 And do you expect lower exports over the next several years?
 here.
 Well, let me hit China first.
 You know, there's been a well-known shift towards shutting down some of the higher-polluting
 in science, particularly along the N.C. River.
 And we've seen some here that have resulted in production
 in the first half of the year.
 In terms of Chinese export volume over the next years,
 we maintain the Chinese exports.
 will turn lower and will establish a new normal.
 I mean, we've now seen what we think
 is the bottoming of Chinese domestic demand.
 and we're seeing a lowering of production.
 So, with that, we'll have to come a lowering of exports
 that will indeed domestic demand.
 For Kenesia, it would appear that expectations for a plant research and resurgence of production
 in 2020, we're somewhat overstated.
 but it's also important to put Tunisian context.
 They have produced an average of about 750,000 tons
 of DAP and TSP over the last five years.
 Our protests will certainly lead to shattering of the rock production, but this is plagued
 them for over a decade, so which means we would expect them to stay about the same
 where I'm right as we go forward as well.
 John, the last section of questions relates to potash global markets.
 As Steve Berners-Seth Goldstein asked about the impact of palm oil demand on potash,
 What is the typical lag between movements in palm oil prices and changes in potash demand
 in Southeast Asia, and has the rebound in palm oil price
 and resulted in increased potash demand in Southeast Asia.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, gentlemen.
 The top oil demand is important for potash.
 And what we have seen recently is an improvement in palm oil prices.
 and we know that for production reasons,
 they will be adding potash to their palm oil plantations.
 So we see that as a fairly direct relationship.
 I wouldn't say we see increased demand,
 what we see, the man that is getting back to its normal levels.
 In terms of a longer term, export demand
 and domestic demand for biofuels is helping
 in terms of optimism for recovery.
 So all of these things mean that we should see a better
 demand for potash in the Southeast Asia region, particularly Malaysia and Indonesia.
 Joel Jaston and Ben Iverson would both like to understand where global
 Scottish inventory stand in the various regions, particularly in China.
 Thank you, gentlemen.
 If we look at China, there's sort of a bifurcation of inventory.
 We know there's about three and a half million tons at the port.
 So we believe there's relatively low inventories as we move in lab.
 And so, as we're now seeing a strong demand for NPKs
 in the domestic market.
 We do expect with the movements out of the port to those MPK plans.
 We'll start bringing down inventory levels, assuming that the arrivals are about at normal
 levels compared to last year.
 Mark Connelly and Steve Byrne are both interested in potash demand growth.
 What is driving the acceleration in potash demand in your forecast?
 another specific geography.
 I wouldn't say we're actually forecasting an acceleration of potash demand.
 our potash demand growth from a long-term trend
 is saying fairly steady at what we believe to be around 3%.
 2019 out of it, I think we still stay just on that trend.
 In a related question,
 If demand ends up toward the high end of your range,
 Do you see increased supply balance in the market?
 So, would you expect the market to tighten?
 Well, I guess this requires two things.
 One, the success of production ramp-ups on the new projects, particularly, I guess you're
 and your Salski, but given the delays we've seen in recent years on these round pups,
 years on these round pops, it would seem that the market should tighten actually if demand
 expectation.
 And the last related question, also, what is the bull case for potash pricing over a
 three to five year period.
 Thanks.
 factors that could create a bull run in potash prices.
 and the first I've already mentioned,
 which is sort of round top of the projects,
 particularly the ones in Russia and Belorussia.
 But what we would really expect is probably a higher utilization rate
 of the North American assets over the next, say, three to five years, and a more modest
 rise in prices.
 That would suggest prices appreciate slightly to where they were maybe in 2018 and utilization
 of outlet schools after the same time.
 Another, I'll ask the lady question from Adam Samuelsson and Ben Ibertson.
 They're both asking about the disconnect
 between pricing trends between the million MOPs that
 rallied off those in the second quarter versus U.S. and Southeast Asian MOP prices that have
 will continue to be growing.
 I'm strong for billion economies enough
 to offset this recess in other regions.
 Thanks, Brazilian farm economics are really outstanding at present, which is certainly
 helping to underpin pricing in that market, and we expect that to continue for the U.S.
 in Southeast Asian markets, I think it's important that you remember that this is a seasonally
 slow period for potash demand and that will impact prices.
 I'd also like to highlight that our summer field program was extremely well-received
 and it is typical of commodity markets to necessarily see first a rebound in demand
 and then price is following after that.
 We have now completed our pre-submitted questions.
 And so now what I would like to do is open it up to the audience for live Q&A. Operator.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, to ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If we draw a question, please press the pound key.
 We will limit the question to one per participant to allow the other's questions to be addressed.
 Thank you.
 Please stand by while we compile the GNA roster.
 First question comes from the line of Adam Samson from Goldman Sachs.
 Your line is to open.
 Yes, thanks.
 Good morning, everyone.
 So I guess I want to just come up on the affordability question
 and jock are on phosphate and on your own kind of affordability metric that you publish
 which we're now above long-term average,
 And just trying to think about where you would see an upward limit to that, and especially
 If you think about next year and farmer income risks from government support programs in
 in the U.S. or lack thereof given kind of the big
 farmer support growth payments that have been experienced both this year and last.
 Thanks, Adam. Welcome.
 You know, there's certainly a relationship between crop prices and how people feel about
 the imports. But as you say, you know, support payments from governments and what not have
 done a lot to keep farmer incomes at least stable. And yes, while we're pushing cross-state
 and potash prices probably not potash much, but certainly
 phosphate's a little bit closer to that ratio.
 Two things on this I'd say is, first of all, you've got to look at December 21 prices and
 And if you look at December 21 prices, I think we'd be looking at, what, 360 for corn and
 nine bucks for being so they're going to see some reasonable prices on there if they sold
 forward into that market, so they'd be
 to get a good crop and use the fertilizer.
 But in terms of the direct relationship between the two,
 I'd say you could easily go a standard deviation above that ratio and not have it materially
 to affect demand.
 Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Steve Burns of Bank of America. Your line is open.
 Yeah, I just wanted to hear whether or not you saw any impact on phosphate imports during
 during the month of July following the countervailing duty petition and just to ask for an update
 on your gypsum sales out of your gypsacs in Brazil.
 Any update on that?
 Sure. Thanks, Steve. First of all, yeah, in July, I believe the imports were lower in July.
 I'd have to get an exact number and get something to get back to you on how much that was down.
 But our understanding, and we did talk to a lot of customers, and our understanding is
 Certainly, the importers who were importing either the OCP
 for the Russian products, I definitely took a step back
 to understand what the risks might be
 in terms of them picking up some sort of countervailing duty
 risk.
 So, we did see a step back in July, whether they will come back into the market in the
 next couple of months.
 don't know what we have seen, however, is new products coming in from places like Egypt
 and Australia and Mexico.
 So it does say there is some change.
 I got to have somebody to give me.
 What was the second part of your question there, Steve?
 I missed the, missed in my writing.