 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the SIFI Technologies Financial Results for Third
 quarter in fiscal year 2021-2022. At this time all participants have been placed on the listen-only mode
 and the floor will be open for questions and comments after the presentation.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Praveen Krishna.
 Sir, the floor is yours.
 Thank you, Holly. Good morning. I'd like to extend a warm welcome to all our participants
 on behalf of the free technology limited.
 6284-9400 and we will have one send to you. Alternatively you may obtain a copy of the
 at the investor information section on the company's corporate website at www.cifi-technologies.com
 investors. A replay of today's call may be accessed by dialing in on the numbers provided
 in the press release or by accessing the webcast in the investor information section of CIFI
 corporate website.
 Some of the financial measures referred to during this call and earnings release may include
 non-gap measures.
 So these results for the year are according to the international financial reporting standard or IFRS
 and will differ somewhat from the gap announcement made in previous years.
 A presentation of the most directly comparable financial measures, calculated and presented
 in accordance with GAAP and are the consolation of such non-GAAP measures and of the differences
 between such non-GAAP measures and the most comparable financial measures, calculated
 and presented in accordance with the gap will be made available on CIFI's website.
 Before we continue, I'd like to point out that certain statements contained in the earnings
 and on this conference call are forward-looking statements.
 rather than historical facts and a subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause
 actual results to differ materially from those described.
 protection, afforded by the private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These riffs
 include a variety of factors including competitive development and risk factors listed from time
 to type in the company's SEC reports and public releases.
 Those lists are intended to identify certain principal factors that could cause actual results to differ
 materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, but are not intended to represent
 complete list of all risks and uncertainties inherent to the company's business.
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Raju Vexana, Chairman of the Free Technologies.
 Chairman.
 Thank you Praveen. Good morning. Thank you for joining all of you given the proactive
 governments through the pandemic. India is better placed through the third phase that
 that we are currently experiencing.
 Digital IT infrastructure across the country has been scaled up aggressively since the
 the network and the data centers are declared essential services.
 Indian businesses are now convinced all the importance of the business processes continuity
 Converge the solutions of seamless business output.
 which has left to the both is such of the services from a cloud-based local start-up,
 Cloud-Borne, you know, native Cloud-Borne products local and growing hyperscalar investment in Indian IT infrastructure.
 And, you know...
 Cp distilled at the core as the plan.
 We are seeing at the right time for Cp to scale up to capture
 all these opportunities.
 Let me bring in Kamala, our CEO, to expand on some of the business highlights for the
 the fast course. Come on.
 Thank you Raju.
 Enterprises looking for cloud based digital transformation services see our digital first
 book of services as a natural treatment for the revolving business demands.
 We are seeing an upswing in demand for our cloud at core services as a right delivery
 model for these demands.
 Our successful delivery for hyperskillers is a strong endorsement of our agility and
 capability on the data center front and increases the attractiveness of our data centers to
 over enterprise clients. With the market learning to work around the pandemic, these demands
 should continue. As with previous quarters, I would like to expand on the business highlights
 and summarize our business performance.
 As part of our corporate venture capital initiative,
 If he has further invested during the quarter, U.S. dollars, 100,000 in the earlier announced
 start-ups in the Silicon Valley area. If we committed to a capital outlay of INR 9900
 towards fresh capacity building for data center expansion in the Navi Mumbai region.
 This is in addition to the capital outlay of INR 1200 million for expansion of DC capacity
 in the same region.
 Chiffy Technologies has been recognized as a niche player in the 2021 Gartner Magic
 project for managed network services.
 The recognition is for completeness of vision and ability to execute leading to superior
 quality of service.
 The business continues to grow the reach of the network.
 As of 31st December 2021, SIFI provides services via 769 fibre nodes and 1893 wireless based
 nations across the country.
 a 6 percent and 11 percent increase respectively over the same quarter last year.
 as part of his digital experience project.
 If we completed full automation of service assurance, asset management and service provisioning
 across this network.
 This will accelerate the deployment of a streamlined customer experience in the coming quarters.
 To summarize our business performance, revenue from data center co-location services give
 by 44 percent over the same quarter last year. Revenue from digital services fell by 18 percent
 was same quarter last year and revenue from network centric services view by eight percent
 was same quarter last year. The revenue split between the businesses during the quarter was
 data center co-location services at 30 percent, digital services at 24 percent, and network
 centric services at 46 percent. A detailed list of our key wins is recorded in our press release.
 Now live on your on our website
 Let me bring in Vijay, our CFO, to elaborate on the financial highlights for the past quarter.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, thank you Kamal. Good morning everyone. Let me briefly sum up the financial performance
 for the third quarter of financial year 2021-2022.
 Revenue of INR 6783 million, a growth of 8% over the same quarter last year.
 A bit up.
 was INR 15.4 million, an increase of 22% over the same quarter last year.
 Profit before tax for the quarter was INR 477 million, an increase of 19% over the same
 quarter last year. Profit after tax was INR 344 million, an increase of 36% over the
 over the same quarter last year.
 Capital expenditure during the quarter was INR 2887 million.
 The customer demand for digital infrastructure services continues to be encouraging.
 We will continue to expand on our data center and network capacity.
 Our fiscal discipline will continue right through our investment journey without impacting
 customer experience.
 Cash balance at the end of quarter worth INR 2381 million.
 I will now hand over to our Chairman for his closing remarks.
 Thank you, Vijay.
 India was already in the midst of the transformation of legacy systems through the adoption of automation.
 The pandemic only accelerated that process.
 In this process, some of our services matured through their adoption of enterprises.
 Several are fine-tuned by the enterprise demand.
 Some are more had to be completely overhauled
 You know the current city
 book of services sits well with the market demand.
 Thank you for joining us on this call.
 I will now operate and now I will land over to the operator per question.
 operation ladies and gentlemen the floor is now open for questions if you have any questions or
 comments, please press star one on your phone at this time. We ask that while
 your question you please pick up your
 handset if listening on speakerphone to
 to provide optimum sound quality.
 Please hold while we poll for questions.
 Your first question for today is coming from Greg Burns.
 Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
 Good morning, Greg Burns with Sudodian Company.
 I just wanted to ask about the first,
 about the COTAC investment.
 What was the rationale behind taking that investment
 the the contact center business and you know what benefits do you see from from
 their involvement. Thank you.
 Shall we?
 Yeah, we can come up next day.
 Yeah.
 Thank you, Greg.
 Kotak is the ultimate investment fund which is managed by one of the most established
 bankers in India where the fund has LPs which include sovereign wealth funds which are among
 the best names who participate in data center investments across the globe.
 As you are aware, CIPI has a very active business present in the data center services and we
 We have been continuously investing and expanding our data center capacity, considering the
 a highly encouraging demand for data center co-location services.
 So this investment from
 Kotak is through a compulsorily convertible instrument, where it is meant for financing
 or rather park financing, some of our green field data center capacity expansion over
 the next three years.
 So that's the background of the investment and the investment house.
 Okay. In terms of, I guess, does it accelerate your ability to invest? Does it give you greater
 flexibility. I'm just trying to understand a little bit better, you know, what advantages
 taking that that outside capital has for you.
 Yeah, so it actually does multiple things one is it helps us
 data center capacity expansion, as we tend to raise about 1,000 crores, which in terms
 of INR million is 10,000 million, amount of capital which will be accessible to us for
 expansion needs along with the debt financing which we can raise from the
 banking system, approximately with a debt equity ratio of 2 to 1. It helps us to create
 substantial capacity over the next three years.
 And lastly, participation by an established banker
 well funds who are globally respected LPs. Also validates our data center business model and our
 or competencies in this business.
 So it places before capital for expansion
 also gives us access to raise capital beyond what we have already contracted.
 Okay, great. I guess then you mentioned also committing to
 to 9,900 million incremental investment in the data centers.
 Is that, is that all part of this?
 like with the incremental capital erase from Cotac
 or is that separate from that?
 Is that incremental and new?
 How should we read into that and what's the the time frame on kind of when you expect that investment to be made?
 The numbers which have been communicated to the press release are for the exit or for
 data center projects where there is currently work in progress. Those will be financed by
 internal accruals and debt from the banking system.
 What we are raising from Quotex special,
 Got it.
 fund is for new greenfield projects for which the projects will be taken up effective from
 of this calendar year.
 Okay. And then in terms of, I guess, you're reclassified the way you report your segments
 Within digital services, can you just give us an idea of the growth of the different pieces?
 I'm assuming cloud and managed services was continuing to grow, but if you just give me
 a little breakdown of that 18% decline.
 Yeah, so as far as the city digital service are concerned
 As you rightly observed, the cloud and managed services continues to grow, whereas in this
 particular quarter, our technology integration services where we had a couple of large projects
 to be executed.
 those projects, execution is work in progress.
 and given the pandemic associated supply chain issues,
 Those projects will get completed.
 hopefully in this calendar quarter, in this quarter four.
 So the cloud in managed services grown during the quarter
 particularly the technology integration services, there's a degrowth.
 Okay. I guess, since you brought it up in terms of the pandemic, where, I guess, what's
 the status of the conditions in India? Are you constrained by mandates or lockdowns anymore?
 more as business getting back more back to normal there and you know, what's your view
 I guess, looking forward in terms of maybe some of the constraints on the business in
 in terms of the pandemic.
 It's getting back to normal, normal, except that with this Omicron, there are lockdowns
 specified in a few states for the weekend.
 Otherwise, the business continued to work as they're almost limping back to normal except
 that many organizations are still pursuing work from home as a model from a business perspective
 As far as Chairman observed in his opening remarks, the network and data center services
 Demand continues to be high and growing.
 And on the digital transformation services, the customers are having extensive conversations
 and these conversations we expect to get converted
 into tangible orders and revenue conversion
 in the foreseeable future.
 Okay, great. Thank you
 Thank you
 Once again, if there are any questions or comments, please press star one on your phone
 There are no questions in queue at this time.
 Thank you.
 I appreciate your time on this call.
 We look forward to interacting with you soon.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, ladies.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 This does conclude today's conference call.
 you may disconnect your phone lines at this time
 and have a wonderful day.
 Thank you for your participation.