Presentation of Nigeria PLC's Q1 2020 Investor Conference Call. My name is Abayo Mio Gundawe and I'll be your host for this call. Please note that this call is being recorded and there are a few housekeeping rules to take note of as we proceed. All participants are expected to mute their audio calls. At the end of the presentation, there will be a Q&A session. If you have any questions, please indicate by clicking the hand raise icon at the bottom right of the participants list. Today's call will be led by the President Group Chief Executive Officer, Mrs. Owen Omogyafo. Joining the President Group CEO and I on this call are the Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Muthim Bakari, the Managing Director CEO, Transcorp Power Limited, Mr. Christopher Eziafulukwe, the Managing Director CEO, Transcorp Hotels PLC, Mrs. Duke Oelushola, the Executive Director CEO, Transcorp Power Limited, Mrs. Chioma Uizwa, Executive Director COO, Transcorp Hotels PLC, Mrs. Ellen Iwuchuku. This also includes other members of the management team. Just before I invite the President Group CEO to give a remark, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that certain statements made on this call are thought-looking, involving risks and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of Transcorp and the impacts of COVID-19 on its business. As such, actual performance may deviate from expectations for a variety of reasons. Hence, please note that neither Transnational Corporation of Nigeria PLC nor any of its associates or employees can be held responsible for deviation of actual performance from the forecast. At this point, it is my pleasure to invite the President Group CEO to give her remarks. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Abayonmi, for that introduction and welcome to everyone on the call. My name is Owen Omogyafo. I'm the President Group Chief Executive of Transnational Corporation of Nigeria, Transcorp. So we really appreciate your joining us today. And the structure of the presentation, we'll spend about 30, 35 minutes talking you through our presentation and we'll go into a Q&A because we really want to hear from you. So very quickly, we go into the overview of the market, what's going on. Learn about Transcorp. That will be slide five. You have the slides with you. So slide five. Transcorp, as you know, is a listed company with approximately 300,000 shareholders. And we have a commanding presence in power, energy, and hospitality sectors. We continue to maintain an aggressive growth strategy underpinned by our core values of execution, enterprise, and excellence towards delivering our purpose of improving lives and transforming Nigeria. Our investment philosophy is one that is geared towards delivering long-term shareholder returns as well as socioeconomic impacts through a solid corporate governance culture, high growth capacity, ruthless focus on operational efficiency, and of course, return on investment for everyone involved in the group. So at a glance, we have three pillars. We have the Transcorp Power, Transcorp Hotels, and the Transcorp OPL 281, which is our oil and gas business. And it's the owner and operator of OPL 281 block, which has an estimated oil reserve of 187 million barrels and a gas capacity of about 380 standard cubic feet. Transcorp Hotels, the proud owner of the Pride of the Nation, Transcorp Hilton Abuja, which is a five-star hotel hosting 670 rooms as well as world-class conferencing facilities following the $100 million upgrade that was completed last year. Also the proud owner of Transcorp Hotels Calabar, a three-star property that is the pride of that region, having 132 rooms and the preferred destination for businesses and conferences in that region. In the meantime, we look to expand to Lagos being core to the nation. For Transcorp Power, we have an asset in Transcorp Power right now in Ugele, which is called Transcorp Power Limited there. We have an installed capacity of 972 megawatts. It's a gas-fired plant. But in the long term, our vision is to achieve about 25% of the jet power generated in Nigeria. So that is the group at a glance. Going further, I'll just quickly run through some of the milestones. You are familiar with these milestones, but sometimes it's good to highlight it, to talk about it again, so we keep in mind our critical milestones. Our dear company, Transcorp, was incorporated in 2004. It was listed in 2006 on the Nigeria Stock Exchange. In 2011, Erzwohdens became a core investor. So that was the phase one of our journey. Then our phase two of our journey, which runs with a timeline of 2012 to 2018, our foray into the power business started in that period, where we emerged, Transcorp Power Ugele emerged as the preferred bidder for Ugele Power Plant. And following the successful execution of that bid, we went further to do a merger of Transcorp Ugele Power Plant Limited and Ugele Power Plant, and then emerged the company that today you know as Transcorp Power Limited, that is led by Chris Eziafulukwe as the Managing Director. And the hospitality business, we know hospitality business, we executed successfully the management agreement that extended our play in hospitality in Nigeria. And we acquired additional land for our Hilton Ikoyi property. So that shows our growth in hospitality. We also, in that period, Transcorp Hotels was also listed on the Nigerian Stock Market. It was listed on the Nigerian Stock Market, giving us the position of having a listed company within Transcorp. Similarly, we achieved the listing of our bond in that period. Now we have the phase three, which is our 2019 to 2025 strategy. In this period, as we are in 2020 now, we've also achieved some milestones in there. We recently emerged as the preferred bidder for Afam. And with that bid, emerging that preferred bidder, we are going closer towards our medium strategy of generating 25% of power in Nigeria, meaning that we're going to be responsible for one in four Nigerians having electricity. We've also been admitted as members of the West African Power Pool, which has been very significant. And we shall continue to explore opportunistic investments in this power sector through renewable energy and off-grid solutions. Power being critical to the transformation of Africa. For our hospitality sector, notable to mention that last year we got issued a certificate of discharge by the National Council of Privatization on the purchase of the Transcorp Hilton Abuja. We will continue to sweat our existing assets as well as expand into new businesses and locations by pursuing various strategies. For the oil and gas, we'll commence production of oil and gas in OPL 281 and acquire new assets as required. So just this talks about, this slide is showcasing our leadership. It's here for your information. The CEOs on the call with us, so you know I see other key executives that are part of the group as well. So looking at the operating environment, the big thing going on now is really about the COVID. The COVID-19 has been the greatest impact right now, even though there are other things that are affecting. As at date we have, it is said that about 5 million people are infected by the virus, with 33,000 deaths recorded. On the other hand, we are also having significant figures in terms of recovery. There have been lockdowns across, which has affected various businesses. Worthy to note that the global economy is predicted to lose roughly $2.7 trillion as a result of this pandemic. IATA has particularly estimated that the tourism industry would lose about $252 billion out of that $2.7 billion. Another critical thing that has happened that's affecting Nigeria is the drop in the global commodity prices, with oil prices crashing. And in fact, in April, it was shown to be trading at $7 below in the negative in that period. Now bringing it home to us in Nigeria, what does this mean for us? That would be slide 12, bringing it home to us in Nigeria. Our cases are ramping up. As at the date of this presentation, we had 5,000 cases, but today our cases are well over 8,000. The stock exchange is reported to have lost about $2.5 trillion. But it's not all. We've also had economic stimulus measures both on the fiscal and the monetary side, with intervention funds put in place for the crisis intervention funds put in place, and the different things put in place as it relates to creating respite to businesses at this time so that there is survival for the economy. One of our businesses has also been a beneficiary of the moratorium that was put in place, the three-month repayment moratorium put in place on the federal government-funded loans. Now, as a group, we've been very responsive. We've been proactive in our response to the coronavirus pandemic, happening known as COVID-19. Transcorp Power is an essential business. But despite being an essential business and us remaining open throughout that period, we've put in a lot of plans to ensure that our staff were able to generate power under the safest conditions possible. In the hospitality sector as well, we've very quickly put in measures in place from the sanitizers to the thermometers and code. When the CEOs speak, they will talk a bit more about that. But as a group, we've deployed our robust technology infrastructure and our modern style of working that we already had in place, and we transited into a work-from-home very quickly, very early, and we continued. Notable to mention that we successfully held our annual general meeting online. I want to believe that you participated in it.

It was actually the first on this. So moving on quickly, we just have some macro indicators here that is just for you to note. We won't spend too much time on it. It's just for us to note the indices that are going on here. And now at this point, I'll take a pause and invite the group CFO, Mr. Muthiu Bakary, to take us through the group financial performance during this for Q1. Thank you. Thank you very much, Owen, and good afternoon, everyone. The financial highlight is on page 16 of the presentation. If you look at the page, the revenue for the period under review was 15.3 billion. And when compared to 18.3 billion in Q1 2019, there is a reduction of about 16% in revenue. The reduction in revenue is mostly due to the reduction in the revenue from our power business. So there are a lot of things that happened in the power business that we're going to talk about when we get to the segment. So, but majorly the reduction in the revenue for the group is because of the reduction in the revenue from the power business. The gross profit for Q1 2020 was 7.3 billion as against 8.1 billion in Q1 2019. This represented a decline of 10% in gross profit. And this is because of the reduction in revenue mentioned earlier. The group earned the period with a profit before tax of 137 million as against 2.5 billion posted in Q1 2019. For the financial position, the total assets declined slightly from 313 billion at the end of 2019 to 311 billion at the end of Q1 2020. This was largely because of the significant decline in trade and other receivable. And this is because we received a lot of money towards our receivable during the period under review. In the same vein, the total liabilities for the period reduced from 204 billion in 2019 to 203 billion as at the end of Q1 2020. And this is because of the payments that we call it made towards our outstanding liabilities. The shareholders fund reduced slightly from 108 billion at the end of 2019 to 107 billion in Q1 2020. And the reason for this is because of the impact of the loss on the traded equities. And this is treated as other comprehensive income. That's why it is impacting the shareholders fund. If we go to slide 17. So this basically shows the breakdown of our revenue between the segments. So as you can see from the slide, the power contributes more than 70% of the group revenue. And this explains why the performance of power actually impacts the overall group performance because the segment contributes more than 70% of our revenue. And if we look at the slide, the revenue contribution from power declined from 77% in Q1 2019 to 73% in Q1 2020. This is basically because of the challenges we face in our power sector related to the issue of gas supply as well as transmission infrastructure. So when we get to power segment, we talk more about this. Transport process contribution increased from 23% in Q1 2019 to 27% in Q1 2020. At this point, I will hand over to Chris to take us through what happened in power and what we are doing to manage the situation. Thank you. Thank you, Matthew. You've already provided the numbers, so I'll go ahead to explain. As you can see on page 19, basically this page actually speaks to some macros, some facts relating to power generation. On the left side, you can see that the gas thermal plants still have a chunk of contribution to our electricity generation mix in the country. On the next page, we'll see the summary of the challenges we've had to deal with. Inadequate gas supply already spoken about. The low load offtake, which has to do with transmission challenges and, of course, the fact that the distribution companies, in terms of infrastructure capacity, are not able to take as much load as the gen codes are able to come up with, including us. The entire shortfall has also continued to result in the poor remittances by the discos. And, of course, the summary of all this, as you'll see in number four, is the liquidity crunch, which we have continued to deal with. However, when we look at page 21, there are some key improvements that have happened. In terms of payments, there has been improvement by MBET. So we have received additional payments from MBET, which has kind of helped in alleviating our situation, or rather improving our situation. Increased generation capacity also, because there are quite some number of turbines that have returned to service across gen codes. Then there's a positive attitude of government towards resolving the power sector issue. And one of the developments around this is the setting up of the Power Sector Reform Working Group, which is headed by the Vice President, into which the El Rufai Committee has also reported. And so the next point is the Performance Improvement Plan, which the regulator has continued to use to request performance improvement from the distribution companies. Then when we move on, we'll see that the gas supply already spoken to again. The summary of the challenges we had. The good news is that all those challenges were actually resolved. And so towards the end of the first quarter, we experienced increased gas supply, which also informed the increased generation we started experiencing from the end of first quarter compared to what has been since last quarter of last year. In terms of way forward, right, we had activated our gas supply agreement with our gas suppliers, MPDC and ND Westland JV. Prior to that activation, we got gas on best endeavor because of the industry challenge that we have had in the power sector. So the successful gen codes had not been able to activate their gas supply agreements, but we eventually did that. And what that has done in terms of significance is that from best endeavor arrangements, we now have contractual obligation on the part of our gas suppliers to provide us 124 million scuff of gas per day. And this will continue to result in increased generation. We're equally making additional efforts to get additional gas supply to our plant, knowing fully well that at the end of the year, our available capacity would improve. We increase. Transmission, we only had one grid collapse. And in terms of way forward, we'll continue to monitor developments. We are glad about the movement that is taking place around the Siemens agreement and the Siemens deal that the federal government entered into, which is supposed to lead to increased infrastructure capacity in terms of distribution and transmission. Well, for commercial matters, that's on page 24. We still have outstanding receivables, no doubt about that, even though we've increased the payment. And so, however, with the payment assurance plan, which was extended by the 600 billion that was made available to M-Bed by the federal government, we are assured of continued payment, just like the last slide we received. And with respect to the legacy debts, we are also engaging government and government agencies in the power sector to find solutions to that. The financials on page 25, the CFO had already spoken to them at large. So basically, the figures are there showing the changes and the differences in terms of performance when you compare Q1 to Q1 2019 and Q1 2020. In summary, it's been, we took some hit, as you would see there, as had been explained. However, we also were able to decline our operating expenses by 8%. And this was due to some strategies that were adopted by management to ensure that certain repairs and maintenances were not outsourced, but we utilized the skills we had in-house to be able to fix them. The next slide basically is a graphic representation of our capacity utilization compared to gas we consumed. That's the upper side. And on the lower side, it's our available capacity compared to generated capacity in terms of megawatts. So that's the summary of the story for the power. And at this point, I'll hand over to Dukbe to also make the presentation on hospitality. Thank you. Dukbe, are you on here?

Dupa, I need to unmute your mic please. Ok, apologies about that. Thank you very much Chris and good afternoon again everyone. I would like to just take you through the overview of the hospitality sector and as it has affected us. The contribution of the hospitality sector continues to be quite significant in Nigeria and indeed across the world. In terms of contribution to our real GDP, we had about 638 billion as of 2019. The sector continues to be a key significant contributor in terms of even recruitment and employee as a significant employer of labor. We reported real annual growth of about 2.85% for the sector in 2019, surpassing the 2018 figures of 1.09%. With the onset as the group CEO talked about the impact of COVID on our business as a whole. The hospitality sector has actually had a significant impact of the COVID pandemic. That we would actually even say it's not fully predictable how the impact would be on both our revenue and our supply chains. It's significantly affected our cash flow and we've had constraints. Restriction of mobility and virtual business operations has actually affected us as well. We have also witnessed a sharp drop in our occupancy rates across the hotel and across the industry. It's speculated that up to 75 million jobs are at risk within this sector. We also have seen that about 2.1% increase of global unemployment directly linked to travel and tourism job losses. However, the news is not all germane. At the hotel, one of the key measures that we took and put in place at the onset of the pandemic was that we ensured that all of our staff were properly trained and equipped. All of our guests were also kept safe and ensured that they actually knew all that they needed to do on site. Around the hotel we had sanitizers, temperature checks, preventive measures and awareness on all of our screens. The rooms were more thoroughly cleaned than ever before and we ensured that we also communicated very effectively with our customers to ensure the confidence that they knew that we had put in the hotel. Further, our key strategy really going forward is we've put in place our cost measures to ensure that even within this time, operational cost savings is a key priority to us. And we have gone ahead to receive concessions from our contractual services. We have also been very focused on reducing costs across the hotels generally. Making very simple changes in terms of saving energy costs, reducing our energy consumption, using fewer chillers across the hotel, fewer elevators across the hotel to just ensure that we can keep our costs down. Going forward, we remain optimistic and very focused about what we put in place to ensure we can recover from the heat of this COVID pandemic. We have split our initiatives into two phases. The first phase is going to focus very actively on recovering. And what we will do is actually to, in terms of recovering from the losses of the long shutdown, we are going to continue to sweat our existing assets through operational efficiencies and develop a local demand market, particularly targeted at the leisure segment and providing entertainment and activities across the industry for us in the two locations of Abuja and Calabar. Immediately, one of the key things that we did was introduction of our takeaway service business. And this is already gaining a lot of significant traction, serving fast food and Oriental cuisine across our markets. We also kicked off delivery and pickup service for our laundry business. And we've also put innovative events in place, such as the drive-in cinema and concerts that are geared to very strict social distancing guidelines. And while keeping the hotel in mind and generating revenue at the same time. We are continuing to deepen other services across our outdoor catering services and put in place, again, communicating top-notch safety guidelines to restore confidence to our guests and be able to welcome them back once the lockdown is finally lifted. In addition, we continue to take precautionary measures to keep all our employees and guests safe. And with the Hilton institutionalizing a clean stay with Lysol protection, which will be introduced across the hotel, just to ensure that guests know the amount of cleansing that has gone on to keep them sanitized and safe at the hotel. We will continue to create innovative ways to communicate with our guests within all of this period as well. In our growth strategy phase, obviously we're going to focus, like I mentioned, on our leisure market and on our local demand as well. We are continuing to push promotions and incentives to gain traction for business targeting international business and airline crews as the reopening of the airways and flights resume. Also, we are looking to continue to attract more conferencing events across Africa for events that have taken place to attract them to Nigeria as a location, Calabar and Abuja are key locations for that. If we quickly go to the page on our key performance indexes, we would see that our occupancy has actually declined quite significantly from 74% in February to about 35% in March compared to the industry as a whole. Our ADR was 83,604 at the end of March, whilst the industry recorded 64,629 in March 2020. Our RevPAR recorded a sharp decline from 61,562 in February to about 29,553 in March 2020, while the industry recorded a decline from 46,590 to 24,695. Looking at our financial highlight, Muthu talked about that in detail, so I won't go through it too much. But I think just note to mention is that our revenue dropped slightly by 0.3% and we actually reported a loss of about 687 million in quarter one 2020. One of the reasons for the major loss that we had was in terms of the interest costs that is now being expensed as a result of completion of the upgrade as against our Q1 2019, where the upgrade was still going on and capitalization of interest was still on. The impact of COVID will truly be seen in quarter two 2020. However, we are quite confident that some of the initiatives that we are putting in place would help us reduce the negative impact that one would have expected within this industry. Finally, we are hopeful and optimistic that business and activities will return to the hotel and hospitality sector in due course. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Dupe, for that detailed overview. So let's just move on to oil and gas. I'm quite conscious of time. I want us to give time for engaging Q&A. So if we can just go to slide 20, 35, please. Let's just go to slide 35, where we just briefly look at the challenges affecting the oil sector in Nigeria. We are very conversant with this. The delay in the PIB, insurgency, pipeline vandalization, infrastructural deficits, and the price fluctuations and the PMS price regulation. These are challenges that we are well conversant with, so we will not spend too much time on it. But to draw your attention to slide 36, which is what is critical in particular. So despite the challenges, these are the timelines that we're looking at. And as you can see, we've continued to stick with it. So we'll start by looking at partnerships. So 2018 to 2020, focus on partnership. Specifically, identification of competent and technical financial partners to jointly develop the asset that we have, OPL 28. Going on from there into drilling, looking to drill the site by next year. So site survey, local preparation. Very strong to this segment is the community engagement because that's really important, ensuring that the communities in which the asset is situated well engaged. From drilling, we'll go into production. Under the production stage, which is again that 2021 to 2022, production and expansion, we'll be looking at drilling the second well, completing all the work program obligations as agreed with the DPR, NACIMS, and all of them. Then moving into expansion. Most critical in the expansion phase is the conversion of an OPL license to an OML. So that's it on the oil and gas. Looking at the outlook. So both Dupe and Chris, when they spoke, had touched a bit on the outlook. But let me just bring it a bit closer. So for Q1, we had Q1 2020. Our actual for power, we had an average capacity of about 462 megawatts for power. Our target for Q2, this is mid, almost end of May, our target is 538 megawatts, which we are on track for. Average generated capacity for power in Q1, which of course we saw impacted our performance Q1, was 256 megawatts on average. Our Q2 target is 407 megawatts following the measures that we have put in place to address the challenges that we saw in Q1, which Chris highlighted quite strongly. So I'm going to that. For hospitality, as you all know, hospitality, the sector has been really impacted by COVID and the hotels are shut down. A lot of hotels are recognizing occupancy of zero. Our target is that we would achieve 11%, which will really be around the June side. But looking at things like the airports being reopened, driving local patronage and other measures that Dupe had touched on, our ADR would have a bit of a dip from 80,000 to 78,000. Revpar room will go down to 9,000 because it is driven by the occupancy as well. But just to look at the growth in power, that will have average generated capacity of 407 megawatts. Still on the outlook, we will focus very strongly to close the AFAM acquisition. It is still under negotiation. We're having the conversations. I just want to reiterate again the reason for getting into AFAM, and it still remains a strategic feature

begin the reason for getting into Afam and it still remains a strategic fit for us. We are committed to generating 25% of Nigeria's power. One in four Nigerians will get power from Transcorp. That is our vision and we remain committed to that. Acquiring Afam takes us closer to that. That availability is very strong in that region. There's sufficient evacuation capacity. It takes us closer towards our eligible customer opportunity and of course the cost efficient capacity recovery that we shall be delivering. Afam has an installed capacity of about 966 megawatts and that is what we are growing. Adding the 966 to our 972 megawatts in Ogedi, that will take us to over 2,000 megawatts installed capacity. Now, if you look at the timeline, we had presented this before to you in terms of the timeline for closing the Afam deal. Whilst we've had delays because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the period has been used very wisely. We've been having various discussions with the BPE, working with our advisors to the parties to the deal. Once we sign the SPA, we shall go on to do our 25% payment and we are strongly exploring the possibility of early takeover, which would mean that we are immediately able to recognize income from that business whilst we are going ahead with the payment. So that's it on Afam and our outlook. So to reiterate, we are looking at increased performance from power. Hotel will start a cautious but sustainable recovery because Transcorp Hilton Abuja, Transcorp Hotels Calabar, they remain the preferred destination in their regions. And the innovative products that have also been come up with in the hotel, I mean, we've been seeing the innovation of the drive-through concert, the drive-through cinemas. These are things that we're going to continue and that would put us very strongly on the map as Africa's preferred hospitality brand. Now we look at our CSR and awards. So during this COVID period, Transcorp Power Limited, again, part of our community engagement, supported the community and gave items, relief items towards COVID that a total of 1,308 families benefited from this intervention. We've also supported with medical equipment as well to ensure that we can continue to provide a safe environment for our workforce. Now, whilst COVID is the great topic we're all talking about today, it's also important that we continue to drive our CSR strategy in other areas as well. We cancer remains one of the top pillars and we've been working to build awareness about cancer. So Transcorp Hilton Abuja, we had the walk and run against cancer in Q1 in partnership with Project Pink Blue. We've also continued to protect the environment. Very, very critical. Our renewables and recyclable initiative, we continue to drive it. Education remains very critical. So in Abuja, we partnered with an NGO to build new blocks of classroom for children of the Shakwe community in Abuja. It was very, very well received because we renovated these children's classrooms, built new ones so that they are able to learn in an environment. Women and gender inclusion remains a very strong focus for us as a group. And as part of what we do in driving that inclusion in our group, we continue to drive our women empowerment initiative through the business empowerment program, where we take women and train them, give them the equipment they need to set up businesses in sewing and training opportunities. And that way they become financially and economically included. We've graduated the fifth batch of this program and we continue to drive it. Now, all of these have registered us some awards, which we will see. I mean, the awards are here for your information, just to show. So awards show that what you're doing is not in vain. People are recognizing it and they continue to give us that testament. We continue to win awards internationally, locally and really, really strong awards. Last year, Transcorp Hotels was awarded the National Productivity Award under the category of Productivity and Innovation. This was in 2019. We also retained our standard of excellence under the World Travel Award and the Seven Stars Luxury Hospitality and Lifestyle. We were recognized by TMC as well for the Pre-Draw Excellence Award awarded to Transcorp Hotels for the best hotel. And we're given this award in relation to the renovation and upgrade of that property that we did. So just to say 2019 was good. 2020, we started out the Q1. We're very hopeful for taking the year to the end with the improvements we've seen in the power sector and the recovery that will definitely come to the hospitality sector as the economy is cautiously reopened for business. So at this point, I'd like to take a pause here and hand this over back to Abayomi to take questions, please. Thank you for listening. Thank you very much, Owen. Ladies and gentlemen, at this point, we'd like to take your questions. So if you have a question, please indicate by clicking the hand raise icon at the bottom right of the participant list. So there's a hand raise icon just at the bottom right of the participant list. So if you have a question, please click the hand raise button. I think they can also type in the chat box as well. They will read it out, please. Ladies and gentlemen, once again, I would like to take your questions. If you have a question, please indicate by clicking the hand raise icon at the bottom right of the participant list or use the chat box. We take it that we have a lot of, it was well presented. Good afternoon. Well done for the presentation. So I have a couple of questions about four of them. So during the presentation, you mentioned about the CBN 600 billion payment or something. So I just want to find out, I just want to understand the duration or how long the payment plan will last. So I note that something like this was approved sometime in 2017 that lasted to 2018. So I just want to understand how long that will last. That's the first question. And then the second question is that in your outlook, you said the future target, the capacity utilization, if I estimate it's about 75%. And so I'm just curious, over the last four quarters, not just Q1 and Q1, over the last four quarters, the capacity utilization has been between 40 to 50%, 40 to 60% there about. And I'm just wondering what to drive this significantly. Yes, I know some effort has been put in place, but I'm just curious around how we'll see a very significant improvement. Maybe you could share more insights around that. And then my next question is about the AFAM acquisition. Okay, so I saw the timeline of transaction and I saw where you said 25% payment and then later 75%. So I just want to find out, I just want to know more about how the group intends to finance it. What is the capital structure going to be like, especially considering the current levels of debt in the companies or in the group? And okay, so my next question is on the oil and gas sector. Okay, so yes, I understand that it's a very critical sector in the German economy. However, in light of current development, we saw what happened in the global oil market, the issue with prices and all. So I don't know, maybe I don't know what the company or what the group is seeing in that space, but maybe you could try to give more insight as to why the group thinks that exploring or venturing into that space will result into generation of returns that will be high enough to cover the invested capital. Those are my questions. Thank you. Thank you very much, Daniel. Daniel, do you mind telling us the organization that you represent, please? No, not Daniel, Abdulraouf. Pardon? Abdulraouf. My name is Abdulraouf Benu. I'm a research analyst at WSTC Financial Services. Okay, thank you very much. Very good questions, Abdulraouf. Thank you. So we'll take the... Abayomi, do you want me to answer now? I want to take more questions first. Okay, we should answer now. Okay, we should answer. So I would address some of the questions and I'll invite Chris and Ato to also address. Let me just start with the last one on oil and gas. You are right what you've said in terms of the sector right now. But we are also aware of this up and down in the sector and that oil and gas remains a very attractive sector notwithstanding. As you know, the liquidity that comes in from there, the foreign exchange, the forex that you get from that region as well, and the huge resources that we have in our country and oil and gas. But as a very cautious company, we would take every decision that we make towards the continuation of our investment in this sector will be driven by strong numbers, okay? We'll be driven by figures, data. What we are looking at is to make sure that any investment we make and the return on equity will be sensible. We're not just going to dive in there just because we already have the asset. It's going to be something that is very, very meticulously deliberated upon and then the decisions made. But to add that our oil and gas, so the key to this

called oil and gas is not just oil. We have gas in there. You've heard us talk about the challenges with gas in our country, which we need for getting the power that we need. So the gas reserves that we have on that asset would also be very, very useful to our power play. So that's also the reason for continuing to explore in there. Now on the outlook, you've asked about why we're thinking at 75%. Keeping in mind that in the last four quarters, it's really been around 40 to 50%. So in the presentation and again with what Chris said, there were some challenges that we had, but we've addressed quite a bit of it, in particular, not wanting to mention the signing of our gas supply agreement, which has gone a long way in improving our gas supply, taking us on a best effort basis to a contracted capacity basis. And we are exploring more discussions of getting additional gas supply. Chris, we talked more about that. So for Afam, we are exploring a combination of optimal funding structure, like you've rightly noted, the debt that we carry in the group, but we're looking at a combination of equity and debt to fund it. So at this point, I will invite Chris to talk a bit more about the power business as it relates to the business, what we can bank on 75% performance and to touch on the embed. And when Chris is done, Muti, you can just talk very briefly on the Afam acquisition, the funding thereof. Thank you again, Abdulrahman. Chris, over to you. So thank you, Owen. Thank you for those insights. Just to provide additional insight also, Abraham, thank you for your questions. With regards to capacity utilization, yes, gas, gas, gas. It's all about gas for us as a gas-fired plant. And so we have had major challenge with gas. But like I said, when I made the presentation, we have been able to wrap our heads around some of those challenges and resolved some of them in partnership with some key stakeholders like the Nigerian Gas Company. So it's the benefit and the impact of that that has led to the capacity utilization that we're talking about. And that's why we're upbeat. Beyond gas also, technical. Technical in the sense that we also had some of our turbines, right, that were out on maintenance. And so, for instance, we have GT19. GT19 is a 105-megawatt capacity turbine that was out on maintenance, but it's back, it came in. And so that increased our available capacity by 100 megawatts. And we are also expecting another gas turbine to be back by June, and that's GT18. That's another 105 megawatts. And in the last quarter of the year, we're expecting the last big machine that we have that is out, GT16, on rotor repairs in Saudi Arabia. We're expecting it back also. That's towards the end of November. And that's another 105 megawatts that will be coming in. So with gas, and you can see that, in fact, the capacity utilization we're talking about now would improve if, you know, by the time this comes back. And like I said before, hoping and believing that the effort being made in terms of infrastructure improvement would also materialize to result in additional load of take by DISCOs. With regards to the embed payment, the embed payment is projected to last 18 months. But again, it's about utilization, right? So like the 701 billion, you know, we found out that even it lasted beyond the initial period of two years that it was planned to last because of utilization again. So that's that. We expect that we're still good in the course of this year. And we also expect that the outcome of the power working group that the federal government set to actually recommend realistic and sustainable solutions to the power sector issue, we come up with solutions that would, you know, initiate the move towards sustainability, a self-sustaining electricity market in Nigeria, which is where ultimately we're supposed to be to minimize government intervention. I think Owen has addressed the AFAM issue and that's it. Thank you. Okay, thank you very much, Chris. Thank you. And Daniel, just letting you know that we'll continue in a bit. Motiyo, please, can you just very briefly attend to the AFAM funding question, please? Okay, thanks, Abro. Just to mention quickly, as you're aware, the acquisition cost for AFAM based on the bid is about $110 billion. That's about $300 million. So by regulation, 30% of that, a minimum of 30% must be by way of equity. So we're working on our financial model as well as the documentation. So what amount of equity is going to be eventually? We're going to communicate that to analysts as well as the finance industry. But at least for a guide, a minimum of it should be 30% equity. And the total acquisition cost is about $300 million. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please, can the moderator on Daniel, Olosaya, your hand was up before. Have your questions been addressed or do you have further comments? Moderator, please unmute Daniel. Let's see if he has further comments or if he's already been addressed by Raul's questions. Raul? Okay, thank you very much, Owen. My question has been addressed by the answer I gave to Raul already. Thank you very much. Thank you. I appreciate it. Sabaya, I'm over to you. Yes, hello. Hello. Hello, it's Sergey Byten from Renaissance Capital. Do you hear me? Yes, I can hear you. Hello. Okay, great. So I have a question again about a farm acquisition. I look at your presentation and you said that 25% of the cost for that acquisition was planned to be paid in first quarter of 2020. And looking at the financials and the cash flow, I actually don't see that happening. Now, the rest of the cost is you plan to pay in second quarter of 2020. Could you clarify what's happening with those payments? I mean, from my point of view, you don't pay for that in the first quarter yet, but you're talking about early takeover of a farm. So does that relate to that deal being worked down right now and those payments related to that negotiation of early takeover, or it's something happening apart from that? Thank you. Thank you very much. So just to mention about slide 40, this is a slide that had been shown before. The timelines were not adjusted because we want you to have it here. You note my earlier comment that the timeline we had here was affected by COVID. So in Nigeria, there's been no flights. We have interstate restrictions of movement. So in terms of the 25%, yes, it was not paid in Q1 because we're still having the negotiations now. But the timeline in terms of how things will progress, right, in terms of the actual duration of time, not the actual date itself. So from when we signed the SPA, we signed the SPA, we have a specific time within which to pay the 25%. After we paid the 25%, then the time starts counting for the 75% as well. Now, in terms of the cash flow and making the payment, I think Mutu, that's the group's CFO, he addressed it earlier in his initial response. But Mutu, maybe you want to just speak a little bit more. Maybe there was some issues with the line. Just quickly on this. Thank you. Okay, just to add to what Owen has said. So the initial 25% is meant to be paid immediately when we sign the agreement, which we are looking at in Q2 based on what has been going on. So ordinarily, by the process, we are supposed to pay the 75% after six months. So and take over. But what we are saying is that we are exploring early take over that once we pay the 25%, which is about $27 billion, then we should be able to take over, which we are estimating is going to happen in Q2. Thanks. Thank you very much, Mutu. Thank you so much. I'm sorry, I didn't get your name before. I got Renaissance Capital, but the line was shaky. Do you mind just repeating your name, please? It's Sergey Byten. Okay, thank you very much.

Thank you. Okay, it's almost one. Abayomi, can we take one more question if we have any? Abayomi, looks like we don't have any further questions. We actually have a question from Nne Nneka. I'm just going to mute him now. Okay. Nne Nneka from where, please? Nne Nneka, you're muted, please. Can you ask your question? Hello, Abayomi. Yeah, thanks. I hope you can hear me. Yeah, this is Nne Nneka from BML Capital. Just a quick point on the hospitality data that was shown. I'm just curious as to your considerations on working capital where you have projections for Q2 to 20 at 11% occupancy rate. The ADR doesn't show when you compare it to Q1 any noteworthy movement, which means that there's no improvement in terms of the top side, the revenue. And the question around the working capital is, you know, the cost being spent to be able to, you know, take on guests during the COVID period and chasing 11% occupancy rate. Is that, in your opinion, a fair allocation of working capital? Thank you very much, Nne Nneka. That's a very good question for hospitality. So you're right in terms of discussion of working capital versus 11% occupancy. But of course, as you know, what's going on with COVID, there's like a temporary slowdown of business across. If you're following the news worldwide, everyone is reopening the economy cautiously. From the US, you're having different states reopening for business. In Europe, UK, Canada, I think Toronto was in the news recently because we saw a lot of people out there. So we have continued to maintain and sustain the hotel. But we've done it very, very carefully. If you recall, when Dupe spoke, she talked about the cost management measures that the hotel had gone into, the management of the hotel. We've been very, very prudent about how we are managing the hotel. And Dupe, I'll let Dupe speak a bit when I'll invite her to speak to tell you just a little bit more on what we've been doing. But just also talk about the strength of a company. We've had periods of boom. We've had periods of a lot of successes. So during this period of drought, we had reserves that we can also draw upon to take us through this time as well. And that is the strength of our group, where we can draw on our resources to be able to sustain through difficult times like this. So Dupe, maybe just spend like 30 seconds or one minute to take through just the measures that we've taken to make sure that we are managing the hotel at optimal costs, noting that revenue is constricted right now. Thank you. Thank you very much, Owen. I think you've actually covered it quite significantly. Like Owen rightly said, our focus right now is to ensure that at all levels, and thankfully we started very early enough. At the onset of the pandemic, we took immediate action to actually reduce our costs. And we've been very, very successful in doing that. Going forward, as the economy begins to open up, we're going to still continue to focus on driving down our costs. But in addition, some of the initiatives that we've introduced and continue to introduce will also help us in terms of driving revenue, increasing revenue outside of just our room and conferencing revenue as well. So what we're doing is we're actively diversifying all the key segments of the market that we normally would have addressed. We're targeting the leisure market and looking for different ways to make sure we bring business and footfall into the hotel. So we'll continue to focus on that. And like Owen said, we're an institution that is built to last at the end of the day. And so we will ride this cycle and continue to deliver more for all of our stakeholders. Thank you. Thank you very much, Dupe. Emeka, I hope that has answered your question. Excellent. Thank you so much. Thank you. I really appreciate you. So Abayomi, I think we can now conclude, conscious of time, so that we respect everyone that has joined the call. Absolutely. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, we've come to the end of the call. At this point, I would like to invite Group CEO, First Events, Transcorp PLC to give a closing remarks. Thank you again. I just really appreciate everyone that's taking time to come on this call. Typically, we do our conference call. We have a phone number that we dial into. And this is our new normal. We are new normal. We're able to see ourselves. I hope that by the next call, that you will also turn on your video so that we can see you as well as begin to put faces to the names as well. But just to reiterate that Transcorp is on a path of success. As you see this year, we had significant changes across the group on the management side. From my appointment as the president group CEO, and I thank our outgoing, the former CEO, Valentine Uzigo, who was in the group and has now become a non-executive director on our companies. To the appointment of Chris Ezia Kulukwe, who was executive director in Transcorp PLC before and is now managing director of Transcorp Power. Dupe Odushola, who is our MDC now at Transcorp Hotels. The appointment of the executive directors and chief operating officers as well in the companies. Okaima Oihiswa for Transcorp Power. Helen Nibuchuku for Transcorp Hotels. Working with the team and others as well, we are going to continue to drive our growth strategy. In power, we target to complete the acquisition of Afangengo this year, which will take us closer to our strategic vision of generating 25% of Nigeria's power. And our medium-term strategy of having 2,500 megawatts in stored capacity. For the hospitality sector, Dupe has talked us through this a whole lot. We'll continue to be innovative. We've already invested in our fixed assets. We are the clear leaders of hospitality when it comes to the brick and mortar. What we are now taking is we are taking it to the next step of what are you looking at. So watch this space for the innovation that will come through in the hospitality sector. I mean, just looking at the drive-through innovation, that is just amazing. Drive-through, drive-through concerts, drive-through cinemas, and it continues to go. And we'll look for credible partners that we can, credible companies and organizations that we can partner with as we continue to drive our innovation. On OPL 281, gas is critical to our business, gas is critical to the country, just as oil remains critical. We'll continue to work but ensure that we are guided by very strong investment principles. Operational efficiency will remain a watchword. And we'll continue to drive our diversification strategy. But as we have seen during COVID, diversification was critical. Our power sector is an essential business and has proven to be very strong. So on that note, I want to say thank you to everyone. We'll remain committed to delivering value to our shareholders and holding ourselves to the highest level of corporate governance. And on that note, I'd also like to thank the board of Transco, chaired by Mr. Tony O. Ememelu, CEO, and the board of our subsidiary companies as well. We thank all of them and to say thank you very much and have a good afternoon. So if you have more concerns, please, there's a contact sheet that is on the screen right now. Please contact Matthew Bakary, Florence Nasamu, and Oluwatobiloba Ojedirow. Thank you and have a good afternoon. Thank you.

