 of Nigeria PLC's Q1 2020 Investor Conference call.
 My name is Abaya Mugnobi, and I'll be your host for this call.
 Please note that this call is being recorded and there are a few housekeeping rules to
 take note of as we proceed.
 All participants are expected to mute their audio calls.
 at the end of the presentation, there would be a Q&A session.
 If you have any questions, please indicate by clicking the hundreds icon at the bottom
 rights of the participants list.
 Today's call will be heard by the President, Group Chief Executive Officer, Mrs. Owen
 Thank you very much for joining the president, group C.U. and I on this call are the group
 Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mutu Bakare, the Managing Director of CU, Transcop Power
 are limited. Ms. Christopher is here for the Queen. The managing director sees TransCorp
 hotel's PLC, Mrs. Dupe of Lushola,
 Desertive Director, CU, Transport Power Limited,
 Mrs. Kiyama Uizwa, Executive Director,
 See you at TransCorp Hotel's PLC.
 Mrs. Ellen Iwuchoku.
 This also includes other members of the management team.
 Just before I end the president group to give a remarks,
 I would like to draw your attention to the fact that
 certain statements made on this call are fraud-looking.
 involving risk and uncertainties.
 This statement includes, but are not limited to,
 statements regarding the future performance of transcripts and the impact of COVID-19 on
 its business.
 So our actual performance may deviate from expectations
 for the rest of reasons.
 Please note that neither Transnational Cooperation of Nigeria PLC nor any of its assets or employees
 can be held responsible for division of actual performance
 from the forecast.
 At this point, it is my pleasure to invite the president, group CEO, to give a remarks.
 So good morning, everyone.
 Thank you Abayomi for that introduction and welcome to everyone on the call.
 So my name is Owae Nomogiafo, I'm the President Group Chief Executive of Transnational Cooperation
 of Nigeria, Trans-Core.
 So we really appreciate you joining us today.
 And the structure of the presentation
 We'll spend about 30, 35 minutes talking you through our presentation and we'll go into
 Q&A because we really want to hear from you. So very quickly, we go into the overview of
 the market was going on.
 Learn about Transcore, that will be slide five.
 You have the slides with you, so slide five.
 Transco, as you know, is a listed company with approximately 300,000 shareholders.
 and we have a commanding presence in power, energy, and hospitality sectors.
 We continue to maintain an aggressive growth strategy on the pin by our core values of
 of execution, enterprise, and excellence towards the living
 our purpose of improving lives and transforming Nigeria.
 Our investment philosophy
 is
 is one that is geared towards delivering long-term shareholder returns as well as
 socio-economic impact through a solid corporate governance culture, high growth capacity,
 with less focus on the personal efficiency and of course return on investment for everyone involved in the group.
 So at a glance, we have three pillars.
 We have the trans-core power.
 transport hotels and the transport of PL281 which is our oil and gas business and it's
 The owner and operator of OPL281 Block, which had an estimated oil reserve of 187.9 million
 virus and a gas capacity of about 380 standard cubic feet.
 hotels with the proud owner of the pride of the nation,
 Transcargill in Abruja, which is a five-star hotel,
 hosting 670 rooms, as well as world-class
 in facilities following the $100 million upgrade that was completed last year.
 Also, the proud owner of Transcorp Hotel Calabar is three-star property but that is the pride
 of that region, having 132 rooms and the preferred destination for business conferences in that
 region.
 In the meantime, we look to expand to legal,
 being called to the nation. For transcribed power, we have an asset in transcribed power
 right now in Ugeli, which is called Transcopa Limited there.
 We have an installed capacity of 972 megawatts.
 It's a gas-fired plant.
 But in the long term, our vision is to achieve about 25%
 So the jet power generated in Nigeria.
 So that is the group at the class.
 going further or just quickly runs through some of the milestones.
 are familiar with these milestones but sometimes it's good to highlight it to talk about it again
 So we keep in mind our critical milestones.
 Our dear company Transcore was incorporated in 2004.
 It was listed in 2006 on the Nigeria Stock Exchange.
 In 2011, Airswardings became a core investor.
 So that was the phase one of our journey.
 Then our first two of our journey, which
 runs with a timeline of 2012 to 2018.
 foray into the power business started at that period where we emerged transfer
 power ugele emerge as the preferred beader for ugele power plant and following the successful
 at the execution of that of that deed, we went further to do a merger of transcript,
 Transcope Ugele Power Plant Limited and Ugele Power Plant, and then emerge the company that today you
 you know as TransCorp Power Limiter that is led by Chris Ezia Furukwai as the Managing
 director.
 And the other
 With our hospitality business, we executed successfully the management agreement, extended
 that are played in the hospitality in Nigeria.
 And we have quite additional land for our utility equity
 property, so that shows our growth in hospitality.
 We also, in that period, transport hotels
 was also listed on the Nigerian stock market.
 It was listed on the major stock market, giving us the position of having a listed company
 within trascore.
 Similarly, we
 .
 we achieved the listing of our bond in that period. Now we are in phase 3, which is our 2019-2025
 strategy. In this period as 2020 now we've also achieved some milestones in
 in there.
 We recently emerged as the preferred bidder for Afan.
 Now, with that, be sure to subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.
 Thanks for watching.
 Imagine that we failed, Peter.
 We are going closer towards our medium strategy of generating 25% of power in Nigeria, meaning
 that we're going to be responsible for one in four Nigerians having electricity.
 We've also been admitted as members of the West African Power Pool, which has been very
 significant, and we shall continue to explore opportunistic investments in this power sector
 through renewable energy and off-grid solutions,
 are being critical to the transformation of Africa.
 for our speciality sector,
 Not able to mention that last year, we got, were issued the certificate of discharge by
 National Council of Privatization on the purchase of the item transcopiotein at
 We will continue to sweat our existing assets as well as expand into new businesses or locations
 by pursuing various strategies.
 For the oil and gas, we'll commence production of oil and gas in Opio 2-1 and acquire new
 asset as required.
 So just this talks about this slide is showcasing our leadership, it's here for your information.
 The CEOs on the call with us, so you know, I see other key executives that are part of the group as well.
 So, looking at the operating environment, that's the big thing going on now, it's really about the COVID-19.
 COVID-19 has been the greatest impact right now,
 the other things that are affecting us.
 As a date we have, it is said that about 5 million people are infected by the virus to
 So slightly 300,000 deaths recorded.
 On the other hand, we are also having significant figures in terms of recovery.
 They have been locked down across, which has affected various businesses,
 Not worthy to note that the global economy is predicted to lose roughly $2.7 trillion
 as the result of this pandemic.
 Ayata has particularly estimated that the tourism industry
 industry would lose about $222 billion out of that, so on, $2.7 million.
 critical thing that has happened as affecting Nigeria is the drop in the oil and the global
 commodity prices, with oil prices crashing, and in fact, it's a proposal to trade at the
 in the negative in that period.
 Now bringing it home to us in Nigeria. What does this mean for us?
 that would be slide 12, bringing it home to us in Nigeria.
 Our cases are ramping up.
 So the dates of the presentation, we had 5,000 cases, but today our cases are well over 8,000.
 the stock exchange is reputed to have lost about 2.5 trillion, but it's not all, we've also had
 economic stimulus measures, both on the fiscal and the monetary side, with intervention
 funds put in place for the crisis intervention funds put in place, and the different things
 in place as it relates to creating respite to businesses at this time so that there is survival
 for the economy.
 One of our businesses has also been the beneficiary of the moratorial that has put in place the
 three months' repayment moratorium put in place on the federal government-funded long
 Now, as a group, we've been very responsive.
 we've been proactive in our response to the coronavirus pandemic happening at school with 19.
 Transcope power is an essential business, but it's been an essential business and also
 meaning a control of that period with putting a lot of plans to ensure that our staff were
 able to generate power under the safest conditions possible.
 In the hospitality sector as well, we very quickly put in measures in place from the
 sanitizers to the thermometers and cold.
 When the CEOs speak, they will spend,
 they will talk a bit more about that.
 But as a group, we've deployed our robust technology.
 infrastructure and our modern style of working that we already had in place and we
 transmitted into a work from home very quickly, very early, and we continued.
 Notable to mention that we successfully held our ad-law
 general meeting online. I want to
 believe that if you participated
 It was actually the first effort on this.
 Moving on quickly. We just have some macro indicators here. That is just for you to note. We won't spend too much time
 We spent too much time on it. It's just for us to note the indices that are going on here and now at this point
 I'll take a pause and invite the group CFO, Mr. Mutiu Bakarin, to take us through the
 group financial performance during this Q1.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Owen, and good afternoon, everyone.
 The financial light is on page 16 of the presentation.
 If you look at the page, the revenue for the period on the review was 15.3 billion.
 And when compared to 18.3 billion in Q1 2019, there is a reduction of about 16% in revenue.
 The reduction in revenue is mostly due to the reduction in the revenue from our power business
 So there are a lot of things that happen in the power business that we're going to talk about when we get to this segment.
 So, but majorly the reduction in the revenue for the group is because of the reduction in the revenue from the power business.
 The gross profit for Q1 2020 was 7.3 billion as a guest 8.1 billion in Q1 2019
 this represented the kind of 10% in gross profit and this is because of the
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.
 The group end the period with a profit before tax of 137 million as the guest 2.5 billion
 most dead in Q1 2019.
 For the financial position, the total asset declined slightly from $313 billion at the end of 2019 to $311 billion at the end of Q1 2020.
 This was largely because of the student can't decline in trade and other receivable and this is because we receive a lot of money
 me.
 this will be during the period I'm going to review.
 In the same vein, the total abilities for the period reduced from $204 billion in 2019
 to two or three billion at the end of Q1 2020.
 And this is because of the penance that we're calling
 towards our outstanding lab abilities.
 The shareholders fund reduced slightly from 1.08 billion at the end of 2019 to 1.07 billion in Q1 2020 and
 And the reason for this is because of the impact of the loss on the traded equities.
 This is treated as other comprehensive income. That's why it is impacting the shareholders'
 fund. If you go to slide 17, so this basically shows the breakdown of our revenue between
 these segments. So as you can see from the slide, the power
 contributes more than 70% of the group revenue.
 And this explains why the performance of power
 actually impact the overall group performance,
 because the segment contributes more than 70% of our revenue.
 And if you look at the slide, the revenue contribution
 from power declined from 77% in Q1 2019 to 73% in Q1 2020.
 This is basically because of the challenges we face in our power sector relating to the
 the use of gas supply as well as transmission infrastructure.
 So while we get to part segment, we talk more about this.
 Transcaucasus contribution increased from 23% in Q1 2019 to 27% in Q1 2020.
 At this point, I will hand over to Chris to take us through what's
 upon in power and what you are doing to manage the situation. Thank you.
 Thank you, Matiu. You've already provided the numbers, so I'll go ahead to explain as
 as you can see on page 19,
 Basically, this page actually speaks to, again, some macros, some facts relating to power
 generation. On the left side, you can see that the gas thermal plants still have the
 chunk of contribution to our latest stage generation mix in the country.
 On the next page, we'll see the summary of the challenges we've had to deal with in adequate
 gas supply already spoken about, the low load off-take which has to do with transmission
 challenges and, of course, the fact that the distribution companies, in terms of infrastructure
 capacity are not able to take as much load as the GENCOs are able to come up with, including
 us. The entire shortfall has also continued to also result in the poor
 remittances by the discourse and of course the summary of all this through
 you see number four is the liquidity crunch which we have continued to do it.
 However, when we look at page 21, there are some key improvements that have happened in
 In terms of payments, there has been improvement by MBEX.
 So we have received additional permits from Embed, which has kind of helped in alleviating
 our situation, or rather improving our situation.
 increased generation capacity also because there are quite some number of turbines that
 have returned to service across Genco's, then there's a positive attitude of
 government towards resolving the power sector issue, and one of the developments around
 this is the setting up of the power sector reform working group, which is headed by the
 Vice President, into which the LRO5 Committee has also reported.
 And so, the next point is the performance improvement plan, which the regulator has
 continue to use to request performance improvement from the distribution companies.
 And when we move on, we'll see that the gas supply already spoken to again.
 The sum of the challenges we had, the good news is that all those challenges were actually
 resolved. And so, at the end of the first quarter, we experienced increased gas supply, which
 also informed the increased generation.
 we started experiencing from the end of first quarter compared to what has been since last
 quarter of last year.
 in terms of we forward, right?
 We had activated our gas supplier agreement
 agreement with our gas suppliers, MPDC and ND-Western JV.
 Prior to that activation, we got gas on best endeavor because of the industry challenge
 that we have had in the past sector.
 Also, the successor gencos had not been able to activate their gas supplies.
 gas supply agreements, but we eventually did that. And what that has done in terms of significance
 is that from best endeavour arrangements, we now have contractual obligation on the
 part of our gas suppliers to provide us 124 million scuff of gas per day and this will
 continue to result in increased generation. We're equally making additional efforts to get
 additional gas supply to our plant knowing fully well that at the end of the year our
 available capacity would improve. We increase. Transmission, we only had one
 and grip collapse. And in terms of way forward, we'll continue to monitor developments. We
 They are glad about the movement that is taking place around the Siemens agreement and the
 This means that the federal government entering too.
 which is supposed to lead to increased infrastructure capacity
 in terms of distribution and transmission.
 Well, for commercial matters, that's on page 24.
 We still have our standing receivables, no doubt about that, even though we've increased
 the payments. And so, however, with the payment assurance plan, which was extended by the
 $600 billion that was made available to embed by the federal government.
 We are sure to continue them, just like the last site we received.
 With respect to the legacy that we are also engaging government and governmental agencies
 in the power sector to find solutions to that.
 The financials on page 25, the CF who had already spoken to them at large.
 Basically, the figures are there showing the changes and the differences in terms of performance
 when you compare Q1 to Q1 2019 and Q1 2020.
 summary it's been we took some hits as you would see there as I've been explained
 However, we also were able to decline our operating expenses by eight percent, and this was due
 to some strategies that were adopted by management to ensure that setting repairs and maintenance
 We are not outsourced, but we utilize the skills we had in-house to be able to fix them.
 The next slide basically is a graphic representation
 of our capacity utilization compared to gas we consumed, that's the upper side and on
 On the lower side, it's available capacity compared to generated capacity in terms of
 megawatts. So that's the summary of the story for the power and at this point I'll hand
 over to Dukwe to also make the presentation on hospitality.
 Thank you.
 The pain is on you too, Mike, please.
 Thank you.
 Okay, apologies about that. Thank you very much, Chris, and good afternoon again, everyone.
 I would like to just take you through the overview of the hospitality sector and as it has affected us.
 The contribution of the hospitality sector continues to be quite significant in Nigeria
 and indeed across the world.
 In terms of contribution to our real GDP,
 We had about $638 billion as of 2019.
 The sector continues to be a key significant contributor
 in terms of human recruitment and employee
 as a significant employer of labor,
 We reported real annual growth of about 2.85%
 for the sector in 2019, surpassing the 2018 figures
 of 1.09%.
 with the onset as the group CEO talked about the impact
 of COVID on our business as a whole.
 the hospitality sector had actually had a significant impact of the COVID pandemic that we would
 actually won't say it's not fully predictable how the impact will be on both our revenue
 and our supply chains.
 But it's significantly affected our cash flow and we've had constraints restriction
 of mobility and virtual business operations has actually affected us as well.
 We have also witnessed a sharp drop in our occupancy rate across the hotel and across
 the industry, it speculated that up to 75 million jobs are at risk within this sector.
 We also have seen that about 2.1 percent in increase of global unemployment directly
 linked to travel and tourism job losses.
 However, I mean, the news is not all German as at the hotel.
 one of the key measures that we took and put in place at the onset of the pandemic was
 that we ensure that all of our staff were properly trained
 and equipped, all of our guests were also kept safe
 and ensured that they actually knew all that they needed to do on site.
 Around the hotel, we had sanitizers,
 temperature checks, preventing measures and awareness on all of our screens, the rooms
 were more thoroughly cleansed than ever before, and we ensure that we also communicated very
 effectively with our customers to ensure the confidence that they knew that we had put in the hotel.
 Further, our key strategy is really going forward, is we've put in place our cost measures to
 to ensure that even within this time,
 Operational cost savings is a key priority to us and we have gone ahead to receive concessions from our contractual services
 We have also very focused on reducing costs across the hotels generally, making very simple
 changes in terms of saving energy cost to reduce our energy consumption using
 significant, using fewer chillers across the hotel, fewer elevators across the hotel to
 just ensure that we can keep our costs down.
 going forward we remain optimistic and very focused about what we put in place
 to ensure we can recover from the heat of this COVID pandemic. We have split our initiatives
 into two phases.
 The first phase is going to focus very actively on recovering and what we will do is actually
 to in terms of recovering from the losses of the long shutdown we are going to
 continue to sweat our existing assets through operational efficiencies and develop a local
 demand market, particularly targeted at the legal segment and providing entertainment
 and activities across the industry for us
 in the two locations of Abuja and Calaba.
 Immediately, one of the key things that we did
 was introduction of our takeaway service business.
 and this is already gaining a lot of significant traction.
 serving fast food and oriental cuisine across our market.
 We also kicked off delivery and pick-up service
 for our laundry business.
 And we've also put innovative events in place,
 as the driving cinema and concerts that are there to very strict social distancing guidelines
 and while keeping the hotel in mind and generating revenue at the same time.
 We are continuing to deepen other services across our outdoor catering services and put
 in place, again, communicating top-notch safety guidelines to restore confidence to
 to our guests and be able to welcome them back once the lockdown is finally lifted.
 In addition, we continue to take precautionary measures to keep all our employees and guests
 safe.
 And with the he-
 are institutionalizing a clean stay with license protection, which we will be introducing across
 hotel just to ensure that guests know the amount of cleansing that has gone on to keep them sanitized
 and safe at the hotel. We will continue to create innovative ways to communicate with our guests
 within all of this period as well.
 In the in our growth strategy phase obviously we're going to focus like I mentioned on our leisure market and on our local demand as well
 So, we are continuing to push promotions and incentives to gain traction for business targeting
 international...
 business and airline crews as the reopening of the airways and flights
 Also, we are looking to continue to attract more conferencing events across Africa for
 events that have taken place to attract them to Nigeria as a location, Kalaba and Abuja
 are key locations for that.
 If we quickly go to the page on our key performance indexes,
 we would see that occupancy has actually declined
 quite significantly from 74% in February to about 35% in March compared to the industrial
 as a whole, as a whole.
 Our AGR was $83,604 at the end of March,
 while the industry recorded 64,629 in March 2020.
 Our REVPAR recorded a sharp decline from 61,562 in February to about 29,553 in March 2020,
 while the industry recorded a decline from 46,519 to 24,695.
 Looking at that financial highlight,
 You know talked about that and in details. I won't go through it too much
 But I think just note to mention is that our revenue drops slightly by 0.3% and
 We've we actually reported a loss of about 687 million in quarter quarter one 2020
 We also, in terms, one of the reasons for the major loss that we had was in terms of the interest cost that is now being
 expense as a result of completion of the upgrade as against our Q1 2019 where the
 was still going on and capitalization of interest was still on.
 The impact of COVID will truly be seen in Quarter 2, 2020.
 However, we're quite confident that some of the initiatives that we're putting in place
 would help us reduce the negative impact that one would have expected within this industry.
 Finally, we are hopeful and optimistic that business and activities will return to the
 hotel and hospitality sector in due course. Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much, Dupet, for that detailed overview.
 So, let's just move on to oil and gas.
 I'm quite conscious of time.
 I want us to give time for engaging Q&A.
 So if we can just go to slide 2035, please,
 Let's just go to slide 35.
 Well, we'll just briefly look at the challenges
 affecting the oral sector in Nigeria,
 Well, very conversant with this.
 the delay in the PIB, insangency, pipeline
 evangelization, infrastructural deficits, and the price fluctuations, and the PMS price
 regulation.
 These are challenges that we are well conversant with, so we will not spend too much time on it.
 But to draw your attention to slide 36 which is what is critical in particular so despite the challenges
 These are the timelines that we're looking at.
 And as you can see, we've continued to stick with it.
 So we'll start by looking at partnerships.
 So 2018 to 2020 focus on partnership.
 Specifically, identification of competent and technical financial partners to jointly develop
 the asset that we have, UPL-321.
 Going on from there into drilling.
 looking to drill the site by next year.
 So site survey, local preparation, very strong to this segment is the community engagement
 Because those guys are really important, ensuring that the communities are well-engaged, the
 community in which the asset is situated, well engaged,
 from drilling will go into production
 that the production state, which is again that 2021 to 2022 production and expansion.
 We will be looking at really the second world, completing all the world program obligations
 as I. . .
 breed with DVR, napkins, and all of them, then moving into expansion, most physical
 the expansion phase is a conversion of one from an OPL license to an OML. So that is
 on the oil and gas, looking at the outlook. So both Dupa and Chris, when they spoke, had
 touched a bit on the outlook but let me just bring it a bit closer so for Q1 we
 We had Q1 2020, our actual full power.
 We had an average capacity of about 462 megawatts per hour.
 Our target for Q2, this is mid, almost ended up mid.
 target is 538 megawatts, which we are on track for, average generator capacity for
 power in Q1, which of course you saw impacted our performance Q1, was 256
 megawatts on average. Our Q2 target is 407 megawatts following the measures that we have
 put in place. So I addressed the challenges that we saw in Q1, which Chris highlighted
 quite strongly, so I'm going to that, for hospitality.
 As you all know, for hospitality,
 The sector has been really impacted by COVID and the hotels are shut down.
 to a lot of hotels are recognizing occupancy of zero.
 but I recommend zero for Q2.
 but our target is that we would achieve 11%
 which really be around the June side,
 but looking at things like the airport being reopened,
 driving local petronage and other measures that Dope had touched on, our ADR would have
 been
 bit of a dip from 80,000 to 78,000, rest per room will go down to 9,000 naira because it
 is driven by the occupancy as well.
 but just to note the growth in power
 that will have average generator capacity of 407 megawatts.
 Still on the outlook.
 Still on the outlook, we will focus very strongly
 to close the AFAM acquisition.
 It is still under negotiation.
 I just want to reiterate again the reason for getting into a thumb up and it still remains
 it's a strategic feasible.
 .
 We are committed to generating 25% of Nigeria's power.
 power. One in four Nigerians will get power for transport group. That is our vision and
 and we remain committed to that.
 Acquiring a fan takes us closer to that.
 availability is very strong in that region. There's sufficient evacuation capacity. We also,
 it takes us closer to what our eligible customer opportunities and of course the cost-efficient
 capacity recovery that we shall be delivered.
 Our farm has an install capacity of 976 megawatts and that is what we are doing.
 in 966 to our 972 megawatt and Ugebi.
 That would take us to over 2,000 megawatt install capacity.
 Now, if we look at the timeline, we had presented this before to you in terms of the timeline
 for closing the Affan deal.
 Whilst we've had delays because of the COVID-19 pandemic,
 The period has been used very wisely.
 We've been having various discussions with the BPE working with our advisors and to the
 to the deal. Once we sign the SBA, we shall go on to do a 25% payment and we are strongly
 exploring the possibility of early takeover, which would mean that we are immediately able to
 to recognize income from that business
 whilst we are going ahead with the team.
 So that's it on our firm and our outlook.
 So to reiterate,
 We are looking at increased performance from power,
 Water will start a cautious bet.
 a cautious but sustainable recovery
 because trans-corpiotein, abudia, trans-corpiotus,
 Calabar, they remain the preferred destination in their regions and the innovative products
 that have also been come up,
 I've been coming up with a new hotel.
 I mean, we've been seeing it, the innovation of the drive-thru concept, the drive-thru
 in the mud.
 these are things that we're going to continue and that we put us very strongly on the map
 as the Nigerians, and Africans,
 prefer the hospitality brand.
 Now, we look at our CSR and awards.
 So during this COVID period, trust of our limited, again,
 of our community engagement supported the community and gave items, released items,
 towards COVID that a total of 1,308 families benefited from this intervention. We've also
 supported with medical equipment as well to ensure that we can continue to provide a safe
 environment for our workforce. Now whilst COVID is the great topic we are all talking about today,
 It's also important that we continue to drive our CSR strategy in other areas as well.
 The cancer remains one of the top killers and we've been working to build our awareness
 about cancer so trust us in a good job we have to walk around against cancer in
 Q1 in partnership with Project SYNFLUV.
 Okay.
 also continue to protect the environment.
 Very, very critical.
 renewables and recyclable initiative. We continue to drive it. Education remains very critical.
 So in Abuja, we partner with an NGO to build new blocks of classroom for children of the
 the Shackwick community in Abuja.
 It was very, very well received because we renovated this children's classroom
 so that they are able to learn in an enabling environment.
 Women and gender inclusion remains a very strong focus for us as a group.
 And first of all, what we do in driving that inclusion in our group, we continue to drive
 Women Empowerment Initiative through the Business Empowerment Program, where we take women and
 train them, give them the equipment they need to set up businesses in sewing and training
 opportunities. So in that way, we become financially and economically included. We've
 If you graduate at the fifth batch of this program,
 we continue to drive it. Now, all of these have registered us on awards, which we will
 see. I mean I was here for your information just to show so I was sure
 that what you're doing is not in vain.
 recognizing it and they continue to give us that testament. We continue to win
 awards internationally, locally, and really, really strong awards.
 Last year, Transport Hotels was awarded the National Productivity Award under the category
 of productivity and innovation. This was in 2019. We also retained our standard of excellence
 under the World Travel Award and the Seven Stars Luxury in Hospitality and Lifestyle.
 We are recognized by CHAMC as well for the Pre-Do Oxalons Award,
 and what is the chance of ability for the best hotel.
 And we're giving this award in relation to the renovation and the upgrade of that property that we did.
 So, just to say, 2019 was good, 2020, we started out the Q1, we're very hopeful for taking
 the year to the end with the improvements we've seen in the past sector and the recovery
 that would definitely come to the hospitality sector as the economy is cautiously reopened
 for business. So at this point, I'd like to take a pause here and hand it over back to
 by me to take questions, please.
 Thank you for listening.
 Thank you very much, Owen.
 Ladies and gentlemen, at this point we'll need to take your questions.
 So if you have a question, please indicate by clicking the 100 icon at the bottom right of the participant list.
 So there's a hundreds height on just at the bottom right of the front list.
 So if you want, if you have a question, please click the hand raise button.
 I think they can also type in the chat box as well, then we'll read it out, please.
 Ladies and gentlemen, once again, I would like to take your questions.
 If you have any questions, please indicate by clicking the hundreds icon at the bottom
 right of the participant list or use a chat box.
 Oh, we take it that, okay, if we take it that,
 have a lot of it was well presented.
 Good afternoon.
 Well done for the presentation.
 So I have a couple of questions about four of them.
 So during the presentation, you mentioned about the CDN, 600 billion, MPa, 600 billion, payment or something.
 So I just want to find out, I just want to understand the duration or how long the payment
 plan will last.
 So, I note that something like this was approved sometime in 2017 that lasted until 2018.
 So I just want to just want to understand how long that will last. That's the first question. And then the second question
 The question is that in your outlook, you said the Q2 target, the capacity utilization
 But my estimate is about 75%.
 And so I'm just curious, over the last four quarters, not just Q1 and Q1, over the last four quarters, the capacity utilization has been between 40 to 50%, 40 to 60% thereabout.
 And I'm just wondering what would drive this significantly.
 Yes, I know some effort I've been put in place.
 and just put us around how we see a very significant
 Maybe you put some more insight around that.
 And then my next question is about the AFAM acquisition.
 Okay, so I saw the timeline of transaction and I saw where you said of the 5% payment
 and the latest 75% so I just want to find out.
 I just want to know more about how the group intends to finance it.
 What's the capital structure going to be like, especially considering the current levels
 of debt in the companies or in the groups.
 And, okay, so my next question is on the oil and gas sector.
 Okay, so, yes, I understand that it's a very critical sector in the German economy.
 However, in light of current development, we saw what happened in the global dry market,
 the issue with prices and all.
 So I don't know, maybe I don't know what the company
 what the group is seeing in that space, but maybe you could try to eat more inside as
 as to why the group thinks that's exploring or venturing
 into that space, resulting in the generation of the tones that
 would be, I am not for that invested capital.
 Um, those are my questions. Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Daniel. Daniel, do you mind telling us the organization that you represent, please?
 No, not then at the row.
 Okay.
 Bye.
 My name is Aptu Rao Pellu.
 I'm...
 Oh!
 Yes. I'm a research analyst at WSTC Financial Services.
 Okay. Thank you very much. Very good questions up around. Thank you.
 So we'll take the, I buy a measurement to answer now.
 I want to take more questions first.
 I'll show you three more questions.
 Okay, we should answer.
 Right.
 Okay, so I will address some of the questions and I will invite Chris and me to show us
 so addressed. Let me just start with the last one on oil and gas. You are right,
 what you said in terms of the sector right now. But we are also aware of this up and down in the
 sector. And that oil and gas remains a very attractive sector, notwithstanding. As you
 you know, the liquidity that comes in from there,
 the foreign exchange, the forex that you get
 from that region as well.
 and the huge resources that we have in our country,
 oil and gas. But as a very cautious company, we will take every decision that we make towards
 of the continuation of our investment in this sector
 will be driven by strong numbers, okay?
 will be driven by figures, data, what we are looking at to make sure that any investments
 to make that the return on equity will be sensible.
 So we're not just going to drive the dive in there just because we already have the asset.
 is going to be something that is very, very meticulously
 deliberated upon and then decisions made.
 but to add that our oil and gas, so the ketid is called oil and gas, it's not just oil,
 There's, we have gas in there.
 You've heard us talk about the challenges we've got in our country, which we need for
 getting the power that we need.
 So the gas reserves that we have in that asset
 would also be very, very useful to our power play.
 So that's also the reason for continue to explore in them.
 Now, on the outlook, you've asked about why we are thinking
 75% keeping in mind that in the last quarter four quarters it's really been around 40 to 50%
 So in the presentation, and again with what Chris said, there were some challenges that we had, but we've addressed quite a bit of it.
 of it, in particular not wanting to mention the signing of our gas supply agreement, which
 has gone the long way in improving our gas supply, taking us on the best-effort basis
 to a contracted capacity basis.
 and we are exploring more discussions of getting
 additional gas supply.
 Chris, we talked more about that.
 So, for AFARM, we are exploring a combination of optimal funding structure, like you rightly
 noted the debt struck the debt that we carry in the group but we're looking at a combination
 of equity and debt to fund it. So at this point I will invite Chris to talk a bit more
 about the power business as it relates to the reason why we can bank on 75 percent performance
 and to touch on the embed.
 And when Chris is done, when Chris is done with you,
 you can just talk very briefly on the asthma position,
 the funding thereof. Thank you again, Abdurraouf. Chris, I'll be back to you.
 Thank you, Owen.
 Thank you for those insights.
 just to provide additional insight also.
 Brumman, thank you for your questions.
 with regards to capacity utilization.
 Yes, gas, gas, gas, it's all about gas for us as a gas-fired plant.
 And so we have had a major challenge with gas, but like I said, when I made the presentation,
 and we have been able to wrap our heads around some of those challenges and resolve some
 of them, in partnership with some key stakeholders like the Nigeria DAS company.
 So, it's the benefit and the impact of that that has led to the capacity utilization that
 that we're talking about and that's why we're all big.
 Beyond gas also, technical.
 technical in the sense that we also had some of our turbines, right, that were out on maintenance.
 And so, for instance, we have a GT19.
 GT19 is a 105 megawatts capacity turbine that was out on maintenance with its
 back it came in and so that's increased our available capacity by 100 megawatts and we
 We are also expecting another gas turbine to be back by June.
 And that's GT-18.
 There's another 105 megawatts and in the last quarter of the year we're expecting the last
 a big machine that we have that is out GT16 on rotor repairs in Saudi Arabia, we're expecting
 it back also that's towards the end of November and that's another 105 megawatts
 that will be coming in. So with gas and you can see that, in fact, the capacity utilization
 we're talking about now would improve if you know by the time this comes back and like I said before
 hoping and believing that the efforts being made in terms of infrastructure improvement
 would also materialize to result in additional load of take-by-discourse with regard to the
 The embed payment is projected to last 18 months, but again, it's about utilization.
 Right?
 So...
 Like the $701 billion, we found that even it lasted beyond the initial period of two
 years that it was planned to last because of utilization again.
 So that's that.
 We expect that we are still good in the course of this year.
 And we also expect that the outcome of the power working group
 that the federal government sets
 to actually recommend realistic and sustainable solutions
 to the power sector issue.
 we come up with solutions that would, you know,
 initiate the move
 towards sustainability, a soft-sustaining electricity market in Nigeria, which is where,
 ultimately were supposed to be to minimize government intervention.
 I think Owen has addressed the AFRM issue and that's it.
 Thanks.
 Okay. Thank you very much, Chris. Thank you. And, Daniel, don't play into that, we'll
 Continue in a bit.
 Motio, please, can you just very briefly,
 quick attempt to be a firm funding question, please?
 Okay, thanks, and I hope just to mention quickly, as you are aware, the acquisition costs for
 for a farm.
 based on the bid is about $1.10 billion.
 That's about 300 million dollars.
 So by regulation, 30% of that, a minimum of 30%
 must be by way of equity.
 So we are working on our financial model,
 as well as the documentation.
 So what amount of equity is going to be eventually?
 We are going to communicate that to analysts as well as the finance industry, but at least
 for a guide, a minimum of which should be 30% equity, and the total acquisition costs
 It's about $300,000,000.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much. Please can the moderator on Daniel Onosaya, your hand was up before.
 Have your questions been addressed or do you have further comments?
 Moderator, please unmute Daniel.
 Let's see if he has further comments or if he's already been addressed by Rao's question.
 in
 Rolls.
 Okay, thank you very much, Owen.
 My question, I've been addressed by the answer given to you.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 I appreciate it.
 I am ill but to you
 Yes, hello.
 Hello.
 Yes, sir, we are.
 It's quick.
 Hello.
 that's from
 Oh
 Sorry, so I tried to smoke.
 8
 We need you.
 Okay.
 Hello?
 Hello, it's Sergei Biden from Renaissance Capital. Do you hear me?
 Yes, I can hear you. Hello.
 Okay, great. So I have the question again about pharma acquisition. I look at your presentation.
 that you've said that 25% of the time,
 of the cost for that acquisition was planned to be paid in first quarter of 2020 and looking
 and that the financials and the cash flow, I actually don't see that happening.
 Now the rest of the cost is your plans to pay in the second quarter of 2020, could you
 clarify what's happening with those payments. I mean, from my point of view, you don't pay
 for that in the first quarter yet, but you're talking about early takeover from, so does
 that relates to that you've been worked down right now,
 And those payments are related to that negotiation
 of early takeover or it's something happening apart from that.
 Thank you
 Thank you very much.
 mentioned about this slide 40 this is the slide that had been shown before the
 The timelines were not adjusted because we want you to have it here.
 You will note my earlier comment that the timeline we had here was affected by COVID,
 So in Nigeria, there's been no flights.
 We have interstate restrictions of movement.
 So in terms of the 25th, they said, yes, it was not paid in Q world, because we're still
 on that, we're still on that, we're still on that, we're still on that, we're still on
 having the negotiations now.
 but the timeline in terms of how things will progress, right?
 in terms of the actual duration of time,
 and the actual date itself.
 So from where we sign the SBA, we sign the SBA.
 we have a specific time within which to pay the 25%.
 After we pay the 25%, then the time starts counting for the 75% as well.
 Now, in terms of the cash flow and making the payment,
 I think MOTU has a group CFO.
 He addressed it earlier in his initial response.
 But she maybe wants to just speak a little bit more,
 that maybe there was some issues with the line.
 just quickly on this.
 Thank you.
 Okay, just for you.
 That's too hard to learn as said.
 So the initial $0.25 is meant to be paid immediately
 when we signed the agreement,
 which we are looking at today.
 Q2 based on what has been going on.
 So, ordinarily, by the process,
 We are supposed to pay this on 5% after six months.
 so and take over.
 But what we are saying is that we are exploring early takeover
 that was, we paid it 25%.
 which is about 27 billion.
 then we should be able to take over which we are we are estimating is going to happen in Q2.
 you. Thanks. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. I'm sorry I didn't get your name
 before I go to Renaissance capital, but the line was shaky. Do you mind just repeating your name?
 Oh, it's Sergei Biden.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Almost one.
 Can we take one more question if we have any?
 Abayame, it looks like we don't have any further questions.
 We actually have a question from NEMECA. I'm just going to mute it now.
 Okay.
 Nomeka, from where, please?
 Nomeka, you're muted, please.
 muted, please. Can you add to the question?
 Hello, Naomi. Yeah, thanks. I hope you can hear me. Yeah, these are my comments from BMW Capital.
 So just a quick one on the hospitality data that was shown.
 I'm just curious as to your considerations on working capital, where you have a projection
 for Q2220 at 11% occupancy rate.
 The ADR doesn't show when you compare it to Q1, any noteworthy movement, which means
 in terms of, you know, the top side, the revenue.
 you.
 And the question around the working capital is, you know, the cost being spent to be able to,
 you know, take on guests during the COVID period. I'm chasing 11 percent occupancy rate. Is that
 but in your opinion, a fair allocation of working capital.
 Thank you very much, Meka. That's a very good question for hospitality.
 So you're right in terms of discussion of working capital versus 11 percent occupancy.
 But of course, as you know, what's going on with COVID, there's like a temporary slow
 down of business across. If you're following the news worldwide, everyone is reopening
 the economy cautiously. From the U.S. you are having different states reopening for business
 in Europe, UK, Canada, I think Toronto wasn't the news recently, because we saw a lot of
 people out there. So we have continued to maintain and sustain the hotel, but we've done it very,
 very carefully. If you recall, when the first book, she talked about the cost management
 measures that have been, that have been, that the hotel had gone into the
 management of the hotel. We've been very very prudent about how we are managing
 hotel and I will let the press speak a bit when I would invite her to speak to tell you just a
 a little bit more of what we've been doing.
 but just also talk about the strength of the company.
 We've had periods of boom.
 we've had periods of a lot of successes.
 So during this period of drought,
 we had reserves that we can also draw upon
 to take us through this time as well.
 And that is the strength of our group, of our group,
 where we can draw on our resources
 to be able to sustain through difficult times like this.
 So maybe you just spend 30 seconds or one minute to take
 just the measures that we've taken to make sure that we are managing the good
 at optimal costs, noting that revenue is constricted right now. Thank you.
 Thank you very much Owen. I think you've actually covered it quite significantly.
 Like Owen rightly said, our focus right now is to ensure that at all levels and thankfully
 started very early enough. At the onset of the pandemic, we took immediate action to actually
 reduce our cost and we've been very very successful in doing that going forward as the economy begins
 to open up, we're going to still continue to focus on driving down our cost.
 But in addition, some of the initiatives that we've introduced
 continue to introduce will also help us in terms of driving revenue increasing
 revenue outside of just our room and conferencing revenue as well. So what we're doing is we're
 death were actively diversifying all the key segments of the market that we normally would
 We don't have interest.
 We're targeting the leisure market and looking for different ways to make sure we bring business
 and food fall into the hotel. So we'll continue to focus on that. And like Owen said, you know,
 an institution that is built to last at the end of the day and so we will ride
 this cycle and continue to deliver more for all of our stakeholders. Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Emeka, I hope your car has answered your question.
 Thank you, I really appreciate you.
 So, Abayami, I think we can now conclude the conscious of time so that we respect everyone that has joined the call.
 Absolutely, absolutely.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we've come to the end of the call.
 At this point, I would like to invite group CEO, first student, trans-coach,
 here also to give a closing remarks.
 Thank you again, just to really appreciate everyone
 that's taking time to come on this call.
 Typically, we do our conference call.
 We have the phone number that we dial into, and this is our new normal, we're a new normal
 we're able to see ourselves.
 I hope that by the next call, you will also turn on your video so that we can see you
 as well.
 put faces to the names as well.
 But just to reiterate that TransCorps is on a path of success.
 As you see, this year we had significant changes across the group on the management side for
 my appointment as the President Group's CEO, and I thank our outgoing former CEO, Valentin
 who was in the group and has now become a I loan executive director on our
 companies. So the appointments of Chris Ezia Fulukue, who was Executive Director in TransCorp PLC
 before and is now Managing Director of Transcope Power.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 M.D.C.E.O. now at Transcope Hotels.
 There are comments of the executive directors
 and Chief Operating Officers as well in the companies.
 Okaimawa Hizawa for Transcope Power.
 Helene Wichukou for TransCorp Hotel.
 Working with the team and others as well, we are going to continue to drive our growth
 strategy.
 In power, we target to complete the acquisition of AFAM GenCo this year, which will take us
 closer to that our strategy vision of generating 25% of Nigeria's power and our
 medium-term strategy of having 2,500 megawatts in stored capacity. For the hospitality sector,
 Dukwa has talked us through this a whole lot. We will continue to be innovative. We've already
 invested in our fixed assets. We are the clear leaders of hospitality when it comes to the
 brick and water. What we are now taking is we are taking you to the next step of what are you
 looking at. So watch this space for the innovation that we come through in the hospitality sector.
 So I mean, just looking at the drive-through innovation
 and that is just amazing.
 drive through, drive through concert, drive through cinema and it continues to go and we'll look for
 credible partners that we can,
 companies and organizations that we can partner with us to continue to drive our innovation.
 On OPL 281, gas is critical to our business,
 gas is critical to the country,
 just as oil remains critical.
 We'll continue to work better and short that we are
 guided by very strong investment principles,
 operational efficiency will remain a watchword.
 I will continue to drive our diversification strategy,
 because as we have seen during COVID diversification,
 This is Patricia Cole.
 Our power sector is an essential business and has proven to be very strong.
 So on that note, I want to say thank you to everyone who remain committed to delivering
 so stick to delivering the value to our share with us and
 to the highest level of corporate governance and on that note I would also like to thank
 the Board of Transport, chaired by Mr. Tony Owen Mellou,
 CUN, the board of subsidiary companies as well.
 we thank all of them and to say thank you very much
 and have a good afternoon.
 If you have more concerns, please,
 There's the contact sheet that is on the screen right now.
 Please contact Motiu Bakare, Florence Nassamu, and Oluwatu Biloba, Ogediro.
 Thank you and have a good afternoon.