 of Nigeria PLC's Q1 2020 Investor Conference call. My name is Abai Omi Ogunobi and I'll be your host for this call. Please note that this call is being recorded and there are a few housekeeping rules to take note of as we proceed. All participants are expected to mute their audio calls. At the end of the presentation, there will be a Q&A session. If you have any questions, please indicate by clicking the handwritten icon at the bottom right of the participants list. Today's call will be aired by the President Group Chief Executive Officer, Mrs. Owen Omojiafo. Joining the President, Group CEO, and I on this call are the Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mutsu Bakare, the Managing Director, CEO, Transcop Power Limited, Mr. Christopher Eziafulukwe, the Managing Director, CEO, Transcop Hotels PLC, Mrs. Dupoe Olusola, the Executive Director, CEO, Transcop Power Limited, Mrs. Kiyama Oizwa, Executive Director, CEO, Transcop Hotels PLC, Mrs. Ellen Iwuchoku. This also includes other members of the management team. Just before I invite the President, Group CEO, to give a request, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that certain statements made on this call are hard-looking, involving risk and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of Transcop and impact of COVID-19 on its business. As such, our actual performance may deviate from expectations for a variety of reasons. Hence, please note that neither Transnational Corporation of Nigeria PLC nor any of its associates or employees can be held responsible for deviation of actual performance from the forecast. At this point, it is my pleasure to invite the President, Group CEO, to give a remark. So, good morning, everyone. Thank you, Abayomi, for that introduction, and welcome to everyone on the call. So, my name is Owen Omogiafo. I'm the President, Group Chief Executive of Transnational Corporation of Nigeria, Transcop. So, we really appreciate your joining us today. And the structure of the presentation, we'll spend about 30, 35 minutes talking you through our presentation. And we'll go into Q&A because we really want to hear from you. So, very quickly, we go into the overview of the market, what's going on. Knowing about Transcop, that will be slide 5. You have the slides with you, so slide 5. Transcop, as you know, is a listed company with approximately 300,000 shareholders. And we have a commanding presence in power, energy, and hospitality sectors. We continue to maintain an aggressive growth strategy underpinned by our core values of execution, enterprise, and excellence towards delivering our purpose of improving life and transforming Nigeria. Our investment philosophy is one that is geared towards delivering long-term shareholder returns, as well as socioeconomic impact, through a solid corporate governance culture, high growth capacity, ruthless focus on operational efficiency, and, of course, return on investment for everyone involved in the group. So, at a glance, we have three pillars. We have the Transcop Power, Transcop Hotels, and the Transcop OPL 281, which is our oil and gas business. And it's the owner and operator of OPL 281 block, which has an estimated oil reserve of 189 million barrels, and a gas capacity of about 380 standard cubic feet. Transcop Hotels, the proud owner of the Pride of the Nation, Transcop Hilton Abuja, which is a five-star hotel, boasting 670 rooms, as well as world-class conferencing facilities, following the $100 million upgrade that was completed last year. Also, the proud owner of Transcop Hotels Calabar, a three-star property, but that is the pride of that region, having the 132 rooms and the preferred destination for business conferences in that region. In the meantime, we look to expand to Lagos, being core to the Nation. For Transcop Power, we have an asset in Transcop Power right now in Ugeli, which is called Transcop Power Limited there. We have an installed capacity of 972 megawatts. It's a gas-fired plant, but in the long term, our vision is to achieve about 25% of the jet power generated in Nigeria. So that is the group at a glance. Going further, I'll just quickly run through some of the milestones. You are familiar with these milestones, but sometimes it's good to highlight it, to talk about it again. So we keep in mind our critical milestones. Our dear company, Transcop was incorporated in 2004. It was listed in 2006 on the Nigeria Stock Exchange. In 2011, S Holdings became a core investor. So that was the phase one of our journey. Then our phase two of our journey, which runs with a timeline of 2012 to 2018, our foray into the power business started in that period, where we emerged. Transcop Power, Ugeli, we emerged as the preferred bidder for Ugeli Power Plant. And following the successful execution of that bid, we went further to do a merger of Transcop, Transcop Ugeli Power Plant Limited and Ugeli Power Plant, and then emerged the company that today you know as Transcop Power Limited, that is led by Chris Asia-Fullukwe, as the managing director. And the hospitality business, with the hospitality business, we executed successfully the management agreement. They extended our play in the hospitality in Nigeria. And we acquired additional land for our Yotin-Ekoi property. So that shows our growth in hospitality. We also, in that period, Transcop Hotels was also listed on the Nigerian stock market. It was listed in, it was listed on the Nigerian stock market, giving us the position of being, of having a listed company within Transcop. Similarly, we achieved the listing of our bond in that period. Now we are in the phase three, which is our 2019 to 2025 strategy. In this period, as we are in 2020 now, we've also achieved some milestones in there. We recently emerged as the preferred bidder for AFAM. And with that bid, emerging that preferred bidder, we are going closer towards our medium strategy of generating 25% of power in Nigeria, meaning that we're going to be responsible for one in four Nigerians having electricity. We've also been admitted as members to the West African power pool, which is, again, very significant. And we shall continue to explore opportunistic investments in this power sector through renewable energy and off-grid solutions, power being critical to the transformation of Africa. For our hospitality sector, notable to mention that last year, we got, we issued a certificate of discharge by the National Council of Privatization on the purchase of the IAM Trascope building at Abuja. We will continue to sweat our existing assets as well as expand into new businesses and locations by pursuing various strategies. For the oil and gas, we'll commence production of oil and gas in OPL 281 and acquire new assets as required. So, just, this talks about, this slide is showcasing our leadership. It's here for your information. The CEOs on the call with us, so, Muthi, you know, and you see other key executives that are part of the group as well. So, looking at the operating environment, that's the big thing going on now. It's really about the COVID. The COVID-19 has been the greatest impact right now, even though there are other things that are affecting. As a date, we have, it is said that about 5 million people are infected by the virus. There's sadly 300,000 deaths recorded. But on the other hand, we are also having significant figures in terms of recovery. There have been lockdown across, which has affected various businesses. It's worthy to note that the global economy is predicted to lose roughly $2.7 trillion as a result of this pandemic. IATA has particularly estimated that the tourism industry would lose about $252 billion out of that $2.7 million. Another critical thing that has happened that's affecting Nigeria is the drop in the global commodity prices with oil prices crashing. And, in fact, the day growth was shown to be trading at the negative in that period. Now, bringing it home to us in Nigeria, what does this mean for us? That would be slide 12, bringing it home to us in Nigeria. Our cases are ramping up. After the date of the presentation, we had 5,000 cases, but today our cases are well over 8,000. The stock exchange is reported to have lost about $2.5 trillion. But it's not all. We've also had economic stimulus measures, both on the fiscal and the monetary side, with intervention funds put in place for the crisis intervention funds put in place. And the different things put in place as it relates to creating respites to businesses at this time so that there is survival for the economy. One of our businesses has also been a beneficiary of the moratorium that was put in place, the three-month repayment moratorium put in place on the federal government-funded loans. Now, as a group, we've been very responsive. We've been proactive in our response to the coronavirus pandemic, happening known as COVID-19. Transcop Power is an essential business. But despite being an essential business and us remaining open throughout that period, we've put in a lot of plans to ensure that our staff were able to generate power under the safest conditions possible. In the hospitality sector as well, we've very quickly put in measures in place, from the sanitizers to the thermometers and go. When the CEOs speak, they will spend, they will talk a bit more about that. But as a group, we've deployed our robust technology infrastructure and our modern style of working that we already had in place, and we translated into a work from home very quickly, very early, and we continued. Notable to mention that we successfully held our annual general meeting online. I want to believe that you participated in it. It was actually the first on this. So, moving on quickly, we just have some macro indicators here that is just for you to note. We won't spend too much time on it. It's just for us to note the indices that are going on here. And now, at this point, I'll take a pause and invite the group CFO, Mr. Mutiu Bakari, to take us through the group financial performance for Q1. Thank you. Thank you very much, Owen, and good afternoon, everyone. The financial highlight is on page 16 of the presentation. If you look at the page, the revenue for the period under review was $15.3 billion. And when compared to $18.3 billion in Q1 2019, there is a reduction of about 16% in revenue. The reduction in revenue is mostly due to the reduction in the revenue from our power business. So, there are a lot of things that happen in the power business that we're going to talk about when we get to this segment. So, majorly, the reduction in the revenue for the group is because of the reduction in the revenue from the power business. The gross profit for Q1 2020 was $7.3 billion. For the financial position, the total assets declined slightly from $3.3 billion to $3.3 billion. This represented a decline of 10% in gross profit. And this is because of the reduction in revenue mentioned earlier. The group ended the period with a profit before tax of $1.3 billion as they get $2.5 billion posted in Q1 2019. For the financial position, the total assets declined slightly from $3.3 billion at the end of 2019 to $3.1 billion at the end of Q1 2020. This was largely because of the significant decline in trade and other receivable. And this is because we received a lot of money towards our receivable during the period under review. In the same vein, the total liabilities for the period reduced from $2.4 billion in 2019 to $2.3 billion as at the end of Q1 2020. And this is because of the payments that we currently made towards our outstanding liabilities. The shareholders fund reduced slightly from $1.8 billion at the end of 2019 to $1.7 billion in Q1 2020. And the reason for this is because of the impact of the loss on the traded equities. And this is treated as other comprehensive income. That's why it is impacting the shareholders fund. If we go to slide 17, so this basically shows the breakdown of our revenue between the segments. So as you can see from the slide, the power contributes more than 70% of the group revenue. And this explains why the performance of power actually impacts the overall group performance. Because the segment contributes more than 70% of our revenue. And if we look at the slide, the revenue contribution from power declined from 77% in Q1 2019 to 73% in Q1 2020. This is basically because of the challenges we face in our power sector relating to the issue of gas supply as well as transmission infrastructure. So when we get to power segment, we'll talk more about this. Transcore process contribution increased from 23% in Q1 2019 to 27% in Q1 2020. At this point, I will hand over to Chris to take us through what happened in power and what you are doing to manage the situation. Thank you. Thank you, Mochiu. You've already provided the number, so I'll go ahead to explain. As you can see on page 19, basically this page actually speaks to, again, some macros, some facts relating to power generation. On the left side, you can see that the gas thermal plants still have the chunk of contribution to our electricity generation mix in the country. On the next page, we'll see the summary of the challenges we've had to deal with. Inadequate gas supply, already spoken about, the low load offtake, which has to do with transmission challenges, and of course the fact that the distribution companies in terms of infrastructure capacity are not able to take as much load as the JNCOs are able to come up with, including us. The entire shortfall has also continued to result in the poor remittances by the JNCOs. And, of course, the summary of all this, as you see number four, is the liquidity crunch, which we have continued to deal with. However, when we look at page 21, there are some key improvements that have happened. In terms of payments, there has been improvement by MBEX. So, we have received additional payments from MBEX, which has kind of helped in alleviating our situation, or rather improving our situation. Increased generation capacity also, because there are quite some number of turbines that have returned to service across JNCOs. Then there's a positive attitude of government towards resolving the power sector issue. And one of the developments around this is the setting up of the Power Sector Reform Working Group, which is headed by the Vice President, into which the LROFI Committee has also reported. And so, the next point is the performance improvement plan, which the regulator has continued to use to request performance improvement from the distribution companies. Then, when we move on, we'll see that the gas supply, already spoken to again, the sum of the challenges we had, the good news is that all those challenges were actually resolved. And so, towards the end of the first quarter, we experienced increased gas supply, which also informed the increased generation we started experiencing from the end of first quarter, compared to what it's been since last quarter of last year. So, in terms of way forward, right, we had activated our gas supply agreement with our gas suppliers, MPDC and ND Western JV. Prior to that activation, we got gas on Best Endeavor because of the industry challenge that we have had in the power sector. So, the successor JNCOs had not been able to activate their gas supply agreements, but we eventually did that. And what that has done, in terms of significance, is that from Best Endeavor arrangements, we now have contractual obligation on the part of our gas suppliers to provide us 124 million scoff of gas per day. And this will continue to result in increased generation. We're equally making additional efforts to get additional gas supply to our plant, knowing fully whether at the end of the year, our available capacity would improve, we increase. Transmission, we only had one group collapse. And in terms of way forward, we'll continue to monitor developments. We are glad about the movement that is taking place around the Siemens Agreement and the Siemens Deal that the federal government entered into, which is supposed to lead to increased infrastructure capacity in terms of distribution and transmission. Well, for commercial matters, that's on page 24. We still have outstanding receivables, no doubt about that, even though we've increased the payments. And so, however, with the Payment Assurance Plan, which was extended by the $600 billion that was made available to MBET by the federal government, we are assured of continued payment, just like the last set we received. With respect to the legacy debts, we are also engaging government and governmental agencies in the power sector to find solutions to that. The financials are on page 25. The CFO had already spoken to them at large. So, basically, the figures are there showing the changes and the differences in terms of performance when you compare Q1 to Q1 2019 and Q1 2020. In summary, it's been – we took some hits, as you would see there, as I've been explained. However, we also were able to decline our operating expenses by 8%, and this was due to some strategies that were adopted by management to ensure that certain repairs and maintenance, we are not outsourced, but we utilize the skills we had in-house to be able to fix them. The next slide, basically, is a graphic representation of our capacity utilization compared to gas we consumed. That's the upper side. And on the lower side, it's our available capacity compared to generated capacity in terms of megawatts. So, that's the summary of the story for the power. And at this point, I'll hand over to Duque to also make the presentation on hospitality. Thank you. Duque, I need to unmute your mic, please. Okay, apologies about that. Thank you very much, Chris, and good afternoon again, everyone. I would like to just take you through the overview of the hospitality sector and as it has affected us. The contribution of the hospitality sector continues to be quite significant in Nigeria and, indeed, across the world. In terms of contribution to our real GDP, we had about $638 billion as of 2019. The sector continues to be a key significant contributor in terms of even recruitment and employee as a significant employer of labor. We reported real annual growth of about 2.85% for the sector in 2019, surpassing the 2018 figures of 1.09%. With the onset, as the group CEO talked about the impact of COVID on our business as a whole, the hospitality sector has actually had a significant impact of the COVID pandemic. That we would actually even say it's not fully predictable how the impact will be on both our revenue and our supply chains. It's significantly affected our cash flow, and we've had constraints. Restriction of mobility and virtual business operations has actually affected us as well. We have also witnessed a sharp drop in our occupancy rates across the hotel and across the industry. It's speculated that up to 75 million jobs are at risk within this sector. We also have seen that about 2.1% increase of global unemployment directly linked to travel. Travel and tourism job losses. However, I mean, the news is not all gym and gym. At the hotel, one of the key measures that we took and put in place at the onset of the pandemic was that we ensured that all of our staff were properly trained and equipped. All of our guests were also kept safe and ensured that they actually knew all that they needed to do on site. Around the hotel, we had sanitizers, temperature checks, preventive measures and awareness on all of our screens. The rooms were more thoroughly cleaned than ever before, and we ensured that we also communicated very effectively with our customers to ensure the confidence that they knew that we had put in the hotel. Further, our key strategies really going forward is we've put in place our cost measures to ensure that even within this time, operational cost savings is a key priority to us. And we have gone ahead to receive concessions from our contractual services. We have also very focused on reducing costs across the hotels generally, making very simple changes in terms of saving energy costs to reduce our energy consumption, using fewer chillers across the hotel, fewer elevators across the hotel to just ensure that we can keep our costs down. Going forward, we remain optimistic and very focused about what we put in place to ensure we can recover from the heat of this COVID pandemic. We have split our initiatives into two phases. The first phase is going to focus very actively on recovering. And what we will do is actually to, in terms of recovering from the losses of the long shutdown, we are going to continue to sweat our existing assets through operational efficiencies and develop a local demand market, particularly targeted at the leisure segment and providing entertainment and activities across the industry for us in the two locations of Abuja and Kalabah. Immediately, one of the key things that we did was introduction of our takeaway service business, and this is already gaining a lot of significant traction, serving fast food and oriental cuisine across our market. We also kicked up delivery and pickup service for our laundry business, and we've also put innovative events in place, such as the drive-in cinema and concerts, that adhere to very strict social distancing guidelines, and while keeping the hotel in mind and generating revenue at the same time. We are continuing to deepen other services across our outdoor catering services and put in place, again, communicating top-notch safety guidelines to restore confidence to our guests and be able to welcome them back once the lockdown is finally lifted. In addition, we continue to take precautionary measures to keep all our employees and guests safe, and with the Hilton institutionalizing a clean stay with Lysol protection, which we will be introducing across the hotel, just to ensure that guests know the amount of cleansing that has gone on to keep them sanitized and safe at the hotel. We will continue to create innovative ways to communicate with our guests within all of this period as well. In our growth strategy phase, obviously we're going to focus, like I mentioned, on our leisure market and our local demand as well. We are continuing to push promotions and incentives to gain traction for business targeting international business and airline crews as the reopening of the airways and flights resume. Also, we are looking to continue to attract more conferencing events across Africa for events that have taken place to attract them to Nigeria as a location. Kalaba and Abuja are key locations for that. If we quickly go to the page on our key performance indexes, we will see that our occupancy has actually declined quite significantly from 74% in February to about 35% in March compared to the industry as a whole. Our ADR was 83,604 at the end of March, whilst the industry recorded 64,629 in March 2020. Our REVPAR recorded a sharp decline from 61,562 in February to about 29,553 in March 2020, while the industry recorded a decline from 46,519 to 24,695. Looking at our financial highlight, Muthu talked about that in detail, so I won't go through it too much, but I think just note to mention is that our revenue dropped slightly by 0.3%, and we actually reported a loss of about $687 million in quarter 1, 2020. We also, in terms, one of the reasons for the major loss that we had was in terms of the interest costs that is now being expensed as a result of completion of the upgrade, as against our Q1 2019, where the upgrade was still going on and capitalization of interest was still on. The impact of COVID will truly be seen in quarter 2, 2020. However, we are quite confident that some of the initiatives that we are putting in place would help us reduce the negative impact that one would have expected within this industry. Finally, we are hopeful and optimistic that business and activities will return to the hotel and hospitality sector in due course. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Dukwe, for that detailed overview. So let's just move on to oil and gas. I'm quite conscious of time. I want us to give time for engaging Q&A. So if we can just go to slide 20, 35, please. Let's just go to slide 35, where we just briefly look at the challenges affecting the oil sector in Nigeria. We are very conversant with this. The delay in the PIB, insurgency, pipeline vandalization, infrastructural deficits, and the price fluctuations, and the PMS price regulation. These are challenges that we are well conversant with, so we will not spend too much time on it. But to draw your attention to slide 36, which is what is critical in particular. So despite the challenges, these are the timelines that we are looking at. And as you can see, we've continued to stick with it. So we'll start by looking at partnerships. So 2018 to 2020, focus on partnership. Specifically, identification of competent and technical financial partners to jointly develop the asset that we have, OPL 281. Going on from there into drilling, looking to drill the site by next year. So site survey, local preparation. Very strong to this segment is the community engagement, because that's really important. Ensuring that the communities are well engaged, the community in which the asset is situated, well engaged. From drilling, we'll go into production. Under the production stage, which is again that 2021 to 2022, production and expansion, we'll be looking at drilling a second well, completing all the work program obligations as agreed with the DPR, NACIMS, and all of them. Then moving into expansion. Most critical in the expansion phase is the conversion of one from an OPL license to an OML. So that's it on the oil and gas. Looking at the outlook. So both Drupal and Chris, when they spoke, had touched a bit on the outlook. But let me just bring it a bit closer. So for Q1, we had Q1 2020, our actual for power, we had an average capacity of about 462 megawatts for power. Our target for Q2, this is May, almost ended up May. Our target is 538 megawatts, which we are on track for. Our average generator capacity for power in Q1, which, of course, you saw impacted our performance, Q1, was 256 megawatts on average. Our Q2 target is 407 megawatts, following the measures that we have put in place, to address the challenges that we saw in Q1, which Chris highlighted quite strongly. So I won't go into that. For hospitality. As we all know, hospitality, this sector, has been really impacted by COVID, and the hotels are shut down. So a lot of hotels are recognizing occupancy of zero. I'd rather recommend zero for Q2. But our target is that we would achieve 11%, which would really be around the June side. But looking at things like the airports being reopened, driving local patronage, and other measures that Drupal had touched on. Our ADR would have a bit of a dip from 80,000 to 78,000. REF per room would go down to 9,000 Naira because it is driven by the occupancy as well. But just to note the growth in power, that will have average generator capacity of 407 megawatts. Still on the outlook, we will focus very strongly to close the AFAM acquisition. It is still under negotiation. We're having the conversations. I just want to reiterate again the reason for getting into AFAM app, and it still remains a strategic fit for us. We are committed to generating 25% of Nigeria's power. One in four Nigerians will get power from transfer group. That is our vision, and we remain committed to that. Acquiring AFAM takes us closer to that. Gas availability is very strong in that region. There's sufficient evacuation capacity. It takes us closer to our eligible customer opportunity, and of course, the cost-efficient capacity recovery that we shall be delivering. AFAM has an installed capacity of our 966 megawatts, and that is what we are doing. Adding the 966 to our 972 megawatts in Ugevi, that would take us to over 2,000 megawatts installed capacity. Now, if we look at the timeline, we have presented this before to you in terms of the timeline for closing the AFAM deal. Whilst we've had delays because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the period has been used very wisely. We've been having various discussions with the BPE, working with our advisors to pass it to the deal. Once we sign the SBA, we shall go on to do our 25% payment, and we are strongly exploring the possibility of early takeover, which would mean that we are immediately able to recognize income from that business whilst we are going ahead with the payment. So that's it on AFAM and our outlook. So to reiterate, we are looking at increased performance from power. Hotel will start a cautious but sustainable recovery because Transcore Pilots in Abuja, Transcore Hotel Scalabar, they remain the preferred destination in their regions. And the innovative products that have also been come up with in the hotel, I mean, we've been seeing it, the innovation of the drive-thru concert, the drive-thru cinemas, these are things that we're going to continue. And that will put us very strongly on the map as Africa's preferred hospitality brand. Now, we look at our CSR and awards. So during this COVID period, Transcore Power Limited, again, part of our community engagement, supported the community and gave items, released items towards COVID that a total of 1,308 families benefited from this intervention. We've also supported with medical equipment as well to ensure that we can continue to provide a safe environment for our workforce. Now, whilst COVID is the great topic we're all talking about today, it's also important that we continue to drive our CSR strategy in other areas as well. Cancer remains one of the top pillars. And we've been working to build awareness about cancer. So at Transcore Hilton Abuja, we have the walk and run against cancer in Q1 in partnership with Project Think Blue. We've also continued to protect the environment. Very, very critical. Our renewables and recyclable initiative, we continue to drive it. Education remains very critical. So in Abuja, we've partnered with an NGO to build new blocks of classroom for children of the Shackway community in Abuja. It was very, very well received because we renovated these children's classroom, built new ones so that they are able to learn in an enabling environment. Women and gender inclusion remains a very strong focus for us as a group. And of course, what we do in driving that inclusion in our group, we continue to drive our women empowerment initiative through the business empowerment program where we take women and train them, give them the equipment they need to set up businesses in sewing and training opportunities. So in that way, we become financially and economically included. We've graduated the fifth batch of this program and we continue to drive it. Now, all of these have registered us some awards, which we will see. I mean, the awards are here for your information. Just to show, so awards show that what you're doing is not in vain. People are recognizing it and they continue to give us that testament. We continue to win awards internationally, locally, and really, really strong awards. Last year, Transport Hotels was awarded the National Productivity Award under the category of Productivity and Innovation. This was in 2019. We also retained our Standard of Excellence under the World Travel Award and the Seven Stars Luxury Hospitality and Lifestyle. We are recognized by FFSC as well for the Pre-Do Excellence Award awarded to Transport of Beauty for the Best Hotel. We're giving this award in relation to the renovation and upgrade of that property that we did. So just to say 2019 was good. 2020, we started out the Q1. We're very hopeful for taking the year to the end with the improvements we've seen in the power sector and the recovery that would definitely come to the hospitality sector as the economy is cautiously reopened for business. So at this point, I'd like to take a pause here and hand it over back to Abayomi to take questions, please. Thank you for listening. Thank you very much, Owen. Ladies and gentlemen, at this point, we'd like to take your questions. So if you have a question, please indicate by clicking the hand-raised icon at the bottom right of the participant list. So there's a hand-raised icon just at the bottom right of the participant list. So if you have a question, please click the hand-raised button. I think they can also type in the chat box as well. They will read it out, please. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, once again, we would like to take your questions. If you have a question, please indicate by clicking the hand-raised icon at the bottom right of the participant list or use the chat box. Oh, we take it that, okay, we take it that we have a lot of, it was well presented. Good afternoon. Well done for the presentation. So I have a couple of questions, about four of them. So during the presentation, you mentioned about the CBN, 600 billion, MPR, 600 billion payment or something. So I just want to find out, I just want to understand the duration or how long the payment plan will last. So I note that something like this was approved sometime in 2017 that lasted for 2018. So I just want to, I just want to understand how long that will last. That's the first question. And then the second question is that in your outlook, you said the Q2 target, the capacity utilization, but by my estimate, is about 75%. And so I'm just curious, over the last four quarters, not just Q1 in 1, over the last four quarters, the capacity utilization has been between 40 to 50%, 40 to 60% thereabout. And I'm just wondering what would drive the significant lead. Yes, I know some effort has been put in place, but just curious around how we see a very significant lead in that regard. Maybe you could share more insight around that. And then my next question is about the AFAM acquisition. Okay, so I saw the timeline of transaction and I saw where you said, okay, 25% payment and then later 75%. So I just want to find out, I just want to know more about how the group intends to finance it. What's the capital, what's the capital structure going to be like, especially considering the current levels of debt in the companies or in the group's books? Okay, so my next question is on the oil and gas sector. Okay, so yes, I understand that it's a very critical sector to the German economy. However, in light of current development, we saw what happened in the global coal-wide market, the issue with prices and all. So I don't know, maybe, I don't know what the company or what the group is seeing in that space. But maybe you could try to give more insight as to why the group thinks that exploring or venturing into that space would result into generation of returns that would be high enough to cover invested capital. Those are my questions. Thank you. Thank you very much, Daniel. Daniel, do you mind telling us the organization that you represent, please? No, not Daniel, Abdurraouf. Pardon? Abdurraouf. My name is Abdurraouf Belouf. Oh. Yes. I'm a research analyst at, yes, I'm a research analyst at WSTC Financial Services. Okay. Thank you very much. Very good questions, Abdurraouf. Thank you. So we'll take the – Abayami, do you want me to answer now? I want to take more questions first. No, I think we should answer now. Okay, we should answer. Right. Okay. So I will address some of the questions, and I will invite Chris and me to also address. Let me just start with the last one on oil and gas. You are right, what you said, in terms of the sector right now. But we are also aware of this up and down in the sector, and that oil and gas remains a very attractive sector, notwithstanding. As we know, the liquidity that comes in from there, the foreign exchange, the forex that you get from that region as well, and the huge resources that we have in our country in oil and gas. But as a very cautious company, we will take every decision that we make towards the continuation of our investment in this sector. We'll be driven by strong numbers. Okay. We'll be driven by figures, data. What we are looking at is to make sure that any investments we make and the return on equity will be sensible. We're not just going to dive in there just because we already have the asset. It's going to be something that is very, very meticulously deliberated upon, and then the decisions made. But to add that our oil and gas, so the key to this is not oil and gas. It's not just oil. We have gas in there. You've heard us talk about the challenges with gas in our country, which we need for getting the power that we need. So the gas reserves that we have on that asset would also be very, very useful to our power play. So that's also the reason for continuing to explore in there. Now, on the outlook, you've asked about why we're thinking at 75%, keeping in mind that in the last four quarters, it's really been around 40% to 50%. So in the presentation, and again with what Chris said, there were some challenges that we had, but we've addressed quite a bit of it. In particular, I'm not wanting to mention the signing of our gas supply agreement, which has gone a long way in improving our gas supply, taking it from a best effort basis to a contracted capacity basis. And we are exploring more discussions of getting additional gas supply. Chris, we talked more about that. So for AFRAM, we are exploring a combination of optimal funding structure. Like you rightly noted, the debt that we carry in the group, but we're looking at a combination of equity and debt to fund it. So at this point, I will invite Chris to talk a bit more about the power business as it relates to the reason why we can bank on 75% performance, and to touch on the embeds. And when Chris is done, when Chris is done with you, you can just talk very briefly on the AFRAM acquisition, the funding thereof. Thank you again, Abdul-Ralph. Chris, over to you. So thank you, Owen. Thank you for those insights. Just to provide additional insight also. Abraman, thank you for your questions. With regards to capacity utilization, yes, gas, gas, gas, it's all about gas for us as a gas-fired plant. And so we have had major challenge with gas, but, you know, like I said, when I made the presentation, we have been able to, you know, wrap our heads around some of those challenges and resolved some of them in partnership with some key stakeholders like the Nigerian Gas Company. So it's the benefit and the impact of that that has led to the capacity utilization that we're talking about, and that's why we're all big. Beyond gas, also technical. Technical in the sense that we also had some of our turbines, right, that were out on maintenance. And so, for instance, we have a GT19. GT19 is a 105-megawatt capacity turbine that was out on maintenance, but it's back. It came in, and so that increased our available capacity by 100 megawatts. And we are also expecting another gas turbine to be back by June, and that's GT18. And that's another 105-megawatt. And in the last quarter of the year, we're expecting the last big machine that we have that is out, GT16, on rotor repairs in Saudi Arabia. We're expecting it back also. That's towards the end of November. And that's another 105-megawatt that will be coming in. So, with gas, you can see that, in fact, the capacity utilization we're talking about now would improve if, you know, by the time this comes back. And, like I said before, hoping and believing that the efforts being made in terms of infrastructure improvement would also materialize to result in additional load offtake by this course. With regards to the embed payment, the embed payment is projected to last 18 months, but, again, it's about utilization, right? So, like the $701 billion, you know, we found out that even it lasted beyond the initial period of two years that it was planned to last because of utilization again. So, that's that. We expect that we're still good in the course of this year. And we also expect that the outcome of the power working group that the federal government set to actually recommend realistic and sustainable solutions to the power sector issue, we come up with solutions that would, you know, initiate the move towards sustainability, a self-sustaining electricity market in Nigeria, which is where, ultimately, we're supposed to be to minimize government intervention. I think Owen has addressed the AFAM issue, and that's it. Thank you. Okay. Thank you very much, Chris. Thank you. And, Daniel, just letting you know that we'll continue in a bit. Motiu, please, can you just very briefly attempt to the AFAM funding question, please? Okay, thanks, Abraouf. Just to mention quickly, as you are aware, the acquisition cost for AFAM, based on the bid, is about $110 billion. That's about $300 million. So, by regulation, 30% of that, a minimum of 30%, must be by way of equity. So, we are working on our financial model as well as the documentation. So, what amount of equity is going to be eventually? We are going to communicate that to analysts as well as the finance industry. But, at least for a guide, a minimum of it should be 30% equity. And the total acquisition cost is about $300 million. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please, can the moderator unmute? Daniel, your hand was up before. Have your questions been addressed or do you have further comments? Moderator, please unmute Daniel. Let's see if he has further comments or if he's already been addressed by Raoul's question. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Raoul? Okay. Thank you very much, Owen. My question has been addressed by the answer given to Raoul already. Thank you very much. Thank you. I appreciate it. Sabaya Milba to you. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. We have a question. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. It's from... Hello. It's from... Sorry, so I'm trying to speak. Yes. Hello. Hello. It's Sergei Biden from Renaissance Capital. Do you hear me? Yes, I can hear you. Hello. Okay, great. So I have the question again about a farm acquisition. I look at your presentation and you said that 25% of the cost for that acquisition was planned to be paid in first quarter of 2020. And looking at the financials and the cash flow, I actually don't see that happening. Now, the rest of the cost is your plans to pay in the second quarter of 2020. Could you clarify what's happening with those payments? I mean, from my point of view, you don't pay for that in the first quarter yet, but you're talking about early takeover of a farm. So does that relate to that deal being worked down right now and those payments related to that negotiation of early takeover, or is it something happening apart from that? Thank you. Thank you very much. So just to mention about this slide 40, this is a slide that had been shown before. The timelines were not adjusted because we want you to have it here. You will note my earlier comments that the timeline we had here was affected by COVID. So in Nigeria, there's been no flights. We have interstate restrictions of movement. So in terms of the 25%, yes, it was not paid in Q1 because we're still having the negotiations now. But the timeline in terms of how things will progress, right, in terms of the actual duration of time rather than the actual date itself. So from where we signed the SBA, we signed the SBA, we have a specific time within which to pay the 25%. After we pay the 25%, then the time starts counting for the 75% as well. Now, in terms of the cash flow and making the payment, I think Muthu, that's a group CFO, he addressed it earlier in his initial response. But Muthu, maybe you want to just speak a little bit more. Maybe there were some issues with the line. Just quickly on this. Thank you. Okay. Just to add to what Wern has said. So the initial 25% is meant to be paid immediately when we signed the agreement, which we are looking at Q2 based on what has been going on. So ordinarily by the process, we are supposed to pay the 75% after six months and takeover. But what we are saying is that we are explaining early takeover that once we pay the 25%, which is about $27 billion, then we should be able to take over, which we are estimating is going to happen in Q2. Thanks. Thank you very much, Muthu. Thank you so much. I'm sorry, I didn't get your name before. I got a Renaissance capital, but the line was shaky. Do you mind just repeating your name, please? No, it's Sergey Biden. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Okay. It's almost one. Abayami, can we take one more question if we have any? Abayami, it looks like we don't have any further questions. We actually have a question from Nemeika. I'm just going to unmute him now. Okay. Nemeika from where, please? Nemeika, you're muted, please. Can you ask your question? Hello, Abayami. Yeah, thanks. I hope you can hear me. Yeah. This is Nemeika from BMU Capital. Just a quick one on the hospitality data that was shown. I'm just curious as to your considerations on working capital, where you have a projection for Q2-220 at 11% occupancy rate. The ADR doesn't show, when you compare it to Q1, any not-what movement, which means that there's no improvement in terms of, you know, the top side, the revenue. And the question around the working capital is, you know, the cost being spent to be able to, you know, take on guests during the COVID period and chasing 11% occupancy rate. Is that, in your opinion, a fair allocation, right, of working capital? Thank you very much, Nemeika. That's a very good question for hospitality. So you're right in terms of discussion of working capital versus the 11% occupancy. But, of course, as you know, what's going on with COVID, there's like a temporary slowdown of business across. If you're following the news worldwide, everyone is reopening the economy cautiously. From the U.S., you are having different states reopening for business. In Europe, U.K., Canada, I think Toronto was in the news recently because we saw a lot of people out there. So we have continued to maintain and sustain the hotel. But we've done it very, very carefully. If you recall, when Dukpe spoke, she talked about the cost management measures that had been in, that had been, that the hotel had gone into, the management of the hotel. We've been very, very prudent about how we are managing the hotel. And Dukpe, I will let Dukpe speak a bit, and I will invite her to speak to tell you just a little bit more on what we've been doing. But just also talk about the strength of the company. We've had periods of boom. We've had periods of a lot of successes. So during this period of drought, we have reserves that we can also draw upon to take us through this time as well. And that is the strength of our group, of our group where we can draw on our resources to be able to sustain through difficult times like this. So Dukpe, maybe you just spend like 30 seconds or one minute to take through just the measures that we've taken to make sure that we are managing the hotel at optimal costs, noting that revenue is constricted right now. Thank you. Thank you very much, Owen. I think you've actually covered it quite significantly. Like Owen rightly said, our focus right now is to ensure that at all levels, and thankfully we started very early enough. At the onset of the pandemic, we took immediate action to actually reduce our costs. And we've been very, very successful in doing that. Going forward, as the economy begins to open up, we're going to still continue to focus on driving down our costs. But in addition, some of the initiatives that we've introduced and continue to introduce will also help us in terms of driving revenue or increasing revenue outside of just our room and conferencing revenue as well. So what we're doing is we're actively diversifying all the key segments of the market that we normally would have addressed. We're targeting the leisure market and looking for different ways to make sure we bring business and footfall into the hotel. So we'll continue to focus on that. And like Owen said, you know, we're an institution that is built to last at the end of the day. And so we will ride this cycle and continue to deliver more for all of our stakeholders. Thank you. Thank you very much. Emeka, I hope that has answered your question. Excellent. Thank you so much. Thank you. I really appreciate you. So, Abayomi, I think we can now conclude, conscious of time, so that I respect everyone that has joined the call. Absolutely, absolutely, absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, we've come to the end of the call. At this point, I would like to invite Group CEO, President, Transcop, PLC, to give a closing remarks. Thank you again. Just really appreciate everyone that's taking time to come on this call. Typically, we do our conference call. We have a phone number that we dial into, and this is our new normal. We're a new normal. We're able to see ourselves. I hope that by the next call, you will also turn on your videos so that we can see you as well. Let's begin to put faces to the names as well. But just to reiterate that Transcore is on a path of success. As you see, this year, we had significant changes across the group on the management side. For my appointment as the President Group CEO, and I thank our outgoing, the former CEO of Valentine Ozygo, who was in the group and has now become a non-executive director on our company. To the appointment of Chris Ezia Fulukwe, who was executive director in Transcop PLC before and is now managing director of Transcop Power. Dukwe Olushala, who is our MD CEO now at Transcop Hotels. The appointment of the executive directors and chief operating officers as well in the companies, Okaima Wahizua for Transcop Power, Kelly Nibuchuku for Transcop Hotels. Working with the team and others as well, we are going to continue to drive our growth strategy. Empowered, we target to complete the acquisition of Afan Jenko this year, which will take us closer to that, our vision of generating 25% of Nigeria's power. And our medium-term strategy of having 2,500 megawatts installed capacity. For the hospitality sector, Dukwe has talked to us through this a whole lot. We will continue to be innovative. We've already invested in our fixed assets. We are the clear leaders of hospitality when it comes to the brick and mortar. What we are now taking is we are taking it to the next step of what are you looking at. So watch this space for the innovation that we come through in the hospitality sector. I mean, just looking at the drive-thru innovation, that is just amazing. Drive-thru, drive-thru concert, drive-thru cinema. And it continues to go. And we'll look for credible partners that we can partner, credible companies and organizations that we can partner with as to continue to drive our innovation. On OPL 281, gas is critical to our business, gas is critical to the country, just as oil remains critical. We will continue to work, but ensure that we are guided by very strong investment principles. Operational efficiency will remain a watchword. And we'll continue to drive our diversification strategy, but as we have seen during COVID, diversification was critical. Our power sector is an essential business and has proven to be very strong. So on that note, I want to say thank you to everyone who remain committed to delivering value to our shareholders and holding ourselves to the highest level of corporate governance. And on that note, I also like to thank the board of Transcor, chaired by Mr. Tony Oegumelu, C-O-N, the board of our subsidiary companies as well. We thank all of them. And to say thank you very much and have a good afternoon. So if you have more concerns, please, there's a contact sheet that is on the screen right now. Please contact Motiu Bakare, Florence Nasamu, and Oluwato Biloba Ojediro. Thank you and have a good afternoon.