 of Nigeria PLC's
 Q1 2020 Investor Conference call.
 My name is Abai Ami Ogunobi and I'll be your host for this call.
 Please note that this call is being recorded, and there are a few housekeeping rules to take note of as we proceed.
 All participants are expected to mute their audio calls.
 At the end of the presentation, there will be a Q&A session.
 If you have any questions, please indicate by clicking the hand-reads icon at the bottom right of the participants list.
 to this call
 be aired by the President Group Chief
 Executive Officer, Mrs. Owen Omojiafo.
 joining the president, group CEO, and I on this call
 are the Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mutsu Bakare,
 the managing director of
 CEU, Transport Power
 Limited, Mr. Christopher
 Asia Fulukwe.
 The managing director C, Transcop Hotels PLC, Mrs. Dupoe Olusola,
 the executive director, CEO,
 Transcop Power Limited
 Mrs. Kiyama Uizwa
 Executive Director, COO, Transcop Hotel's PLC, Mrs. Ellen Iwuchoku.
 This also includes other members of the management team.
 Just before I invite the President, Group CEO,
 to give a request.
 I would like to draw your attention to the fact that certain statements made on this call are hard-looking, involving risk and uncertainties.
 These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of Transcop and the impact of COVID-19 on its business.
 I saw
 actual performance
 may deviate from expectations
 for a variety of reasons.
 Hence, please note that neither Transnational Corporation of Nigeria PLC nor any of its
 associates or employees
 can be held responsible for
 deviation of actual performance from the forecast.
 At this point, it is my pleasure to invite the President, Group CEO, to give a remark.
 So good morning, everyone.
 Thank you.
 Abayomi for that introduction and welcome to everyone on the call.
 So my name is Owen Omogiafo.
 I'm the President Group Chief Executive of Transnational Corporation of Nigeria, TRANSCOR.
 so we really appreciate
 who are joining us today
 and the structure
 of the presentation
 We'll spend about 30, 35 minutes talking you through our presentation.
 and we'll go into a Q&A
 because we really want to hear from you.
 So very quickly, we go into the overview of the market, what's going on,
 Knowing about Transcore, that will be slide five.
 you have the slides with you
 So on slide five, Transco, as you know, is a listed company with approximately 300,000
 shareholders and we have a
 commanding presence in power, energy
 and hospitality sectors.
 We continue to maintain an aggressive growth strategy underpinned by our core values of execution, enterprise, and excellence
 towards delivering our purpose of improving life and transforming Nigeria.
 Our investment philosophy is one that is geared towards delivering long-term shareholder returns
 as well as socioeconomic impact
 through a solid corporate governance culture, high growth capacity,
 with
 put less focus on operational efficiency
 and, of course, return on investment for everyone involved in the group.
 So at a glance, we have three pillars.
 We have the Transcore Power, Transcore Hotels, and the Transcore OPL-281, which is our oil and gas business.
 And it's the owner and operator of OPL 281 block, which has an estimated oil reserve of 187, with 9 million barrels and a gas capacity of about 380 standard cubic feet.
 transport hotels
 the proud owner of the Pride of the Nation,
 on Transco Hilton at Buja, which is a five-star hotel
 hosting 670 rooms
 as well as world-class conferencing facilities following the $100 million
 upgrade that was completed
 last year. Also the proud
 owner of Transcoff Hotels Calabar
 a three-star property, but that is the pride
 of that region, having the
 132 rooms and the preferred
 destination for
 for businesses
 are
 conferences in that region.
 in the meantime we look to expand
 the legals being called
 to the nation.
 For Transcop Power, we have an asset in Transcop Power right now in Ugeli, which is called Transcop Power Limited there.
 We have an installed capacity of 972 megawatts.
 What is the gas?
 gas-fired plant, but in the long term, our vision is to achieve
 there was 25% of the
 power generated in Nigeria.
 So that is the group at the glance.
 Going further, I'll just quickly run through some of the milestones.
 you are familiar with these milestones
 but sometimes it's good to highlight it
 to talk about it again
 So we keep in mind our critical milestones.
 our dear company
 Transco was incorporated
 in 2004.
 it was
 listed in 2006 on the Nigeria
 Stock Exchange.
 In 2011, Airs Holdings became a core investor.
 So that was the phase one of our journey.
 Then our phase two of our journey, which runs with a timeline of 2012 to 2018,
 our foray into the power business started in that period
 where we emerge
 Transcopa Uyeli emerged as the
 be fed vida
 for uja di power plunge
 and following the successful execution of that deed,
 We went further to do a merger of Transcop Oogely Power Plant Limited and Oogely Power Plant
 and then emerge the company that today you know as Transcop Power Limited
 that is led by Chris Ezia Fulukwe
 as the managing director.
 In the hospitality business, we executed successfully the management agreement.
 They extended our play in the hospitality in Nigeria.
 and we acquired additional
 land for our YouTube
 Ekoi property. So that shows
 our growth in hospitality.
 We also, in that period, Transcop Hotels was also listed on the Nigerian stock market.
 it was listed in
 it was listed on the material stock market
 giving us the position of being
 of having a listed company within
 Transcore. Similarly,
 we achieved the listing of our bond in that period.
 Now we are in the phase three, which is our 2019 to 2025 strategy.
 In this period, as we are in 2020 now, we've also achieved some milestones in there.
 We recently emerged as a preferred bidder for AFAM.
 And with that bid, imagine that preferred bidder.
 we are going closer towards our medium strategy of generating 25% of power in Nigeria,
 meaning that we're going to be responsible for one in four Nigerians having electricity.
 We've also been admitted as members of the West African Power Pool,
 which has been very significant
 and we shall continue to explore opportunistic investments in this power sector
 through renewable energy and off-grid solutions
 are being critical to the transformation of Africa.
 For our hospitality sector, notable to mention that last year,
 we got where issued a certificate of discharge by the National Council of
 privatization on the purchase of the
 I am Trasko Piotin Abuja.
 We will continue to sweat our existing assets as well as expand into new businesses
 and locations by pursuing
 various strategies
 For the oil and gas, we'll commence production of oil and gas in OPL-281 and acquire new assets as required.
 So just this talks about this slide is showcasing our leadership.
 leadership is here for your information
 the CEOs on the call
 with us so you know I see
 other key executives
 that are part of the group as well.
 so looking at the operating environment
 That's the big thing going on now.
 is really about
 with COVID. The COVID-19
 has been the greatest impact right now
 I'm going to do that.
 other things that are affecting.
 as a date we have
 it is said there are about 5 million people
 are infected by the virus,
 sadly 300,000 deaths recorded
 but you're done hard
 we are also having significant
 figures in terms of recovery
 There have been lockdown across, which has affected various businesses.
 wanted to note that
 the global economy is predicted to lose roughly $2.7 trillion
 as a result of this
 pandemic.
 IATA has particularly estimated that the tourism industry would lose about $252 billion out of that $2.7 million.
 Another critical thing that has happened that's affecting Nigeria is the drop in the global
 commodity prices with oil prices
 crashing
 and in fact
 the hip-hop
 was
 to be trained after them.
 and the negative in that period.
 Now, bringing it home to us in Nigeria, what does this mean for us?
 That would be slide 12, bringing it on to us in Nigeria.
 our cases are ramping up
 As of the date of the presentation, we had 5,000 cases, but today our cases are well over 8,000.
 The stock exchange is reported to have lost about $2.5 trillion.
 But it's not all.
 we've also had
 economy stimulus measures
 both on the fiscal and the monetary side
 with intervention funds put in place
 for the crisis
 intervention funds put in place
 and the different things put in place as it relates to creating respite to businesses at this time
 so that there is survival for the economy.
 one of our businesses
 has also been a beneficiary of the
 moratorium that has put in place
 a three-month repayment moratorium
 put in place on the federal government-funded loans.
 now as a group
 we've been very responsive
 probably
 We've been proactive in our response to the coronavirus pandemic,
 after the last COVID-19.
 Transcop power is an essential business
 but this
 by being an essential business and us remaining open to that period,
 we've put in a lot of plans to ensure that our
 plans to ensure that our
 were able to generate power under the safest conditions possible.
 In the hospitality sector as well, we very quickly put in measures in place,
 from the sanitizers to the thermometers and so on.
 When the CEOs speak, they will spend, they will talk a bit more about that.
 but as a group
 we've deployed our robust technology infrastructure
 and our modern style of working
 that we already had in place
 and we translated into a work from home
 very quickly, very early
 and we continued. Notable to
 mentioned that we
 successfully held our annual general
 meeting online
 I want to
 I believe that you participated on this.
 It was actually the first on this.
 So, moving on quickly, we just have some macro indicators here that is just for you to note.
 we won't spend so much time
 And don't spend too much time on it.
 It's just for us to note the indices that are going on here.
 And now, at this point, I'll take a pause and invite the group CFO, Mr. Muthu Bakari,
 to take us through the group financial performance during this for Q1.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Owen, and good afternoon, everyone.
 The financial light is on page 16 of the presentation.
 If you look at the page, the revenue for the period under review was $15.3 billion.
 And when compared to $18.3 billion in Q1 2019, there is a reduction of about 16% in revenue.
 the reduction in revenue is mostly due to the reduction in the revenue from our power business
 so there are a lot of things that happen in the power business that we're going to talk about
 when we get to this segment.
 So, majorly, the reduction in the revenue for the group is because of the reduction in the revenue from the power business.
 The gross profit for Q1 2020 was $7.3 billion, as against $8.1 billion in Q1 2019.
 This represented the decline of 10% in gross profit, and this is because of the reduction
 and revenue mentioned earlier.
 The group end the period with a profit before tax
 of 137 million.
 as they get $2.5 billion posted in P1 2019.
 for the financial
 position, the total asset
 declined slightly from $313 billion at the end of 2019 to $311 billion at the end of Q1 2020.
 This was largely because of the silicon decline in trade and other receivable, and this is because we received a lot of money towards our receivable during the period under review.
 In the same vein, the total liabilities for the period reduced from $204 billion in 2019
 to 2 or 3 billion.
 as at the end of Q1 2020.
 and this is because of the payments
 that equally made towards our outstanding liabilities.
 The Shelders Fund reduced slightly from $108 billion at the end of 2019 to $107 billion in Q1 2020.
 and the reason for this
 is because of the impact
 of the loss on the traded equities.
 This is treated as other comprehensive income.
 That's why it's impacting the shareholders' fund.
 If you go to slide 17, so this basically shows the breakdown of our revenue between the segments.
 So, as you can see from the slide, the power contributes more than 70% of the good revenue.
 And this explains why the performance of power actually impacts the overall group performance
 because the segment contributes
 more than 70% of our revenue
 And if we look at the slide, the revenue contribution from power declined from
 sound sound
 percent in Q1 2019 to 73 percent in Q1 2020.
 This is basically because of the challenges we face in our power sector, relating to the
 the issue of gas supply as well as transmission infrastructure.
 of.
 to pass segment we talk more about this transfer process
 contribution I increase from
 23% in Q1 2019 to 27% in Q1 2020.
 at this point I will hand over to Chris
 to take us through what happened in power
 and what you are doing to manage the situation.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mochiu.
 You've already provided the number, so I'll go ahead to explain.
 as you can see on page 19 basically this this um this page actually speaks to again some macros some
 facts relating to
 power generation on the left side
 you can see that
 the gas thermal plants still have
 the chunk of contribution
 to our electricity generation mix in the country.
 on the next
 page
 We'll see the summary of the challenges we've had to deal with.
 inadequate gas supply
 already spoken about
 the low load
 off-take, which
 has to do with transmission challenges
 and, of course, the fact that the distribution companies,
 in terms of infrastructure capacity are not able to take as much load
 as the JNCOs are able to come up with, including us.
 The entire shortfall has also continued to also result in the poor remittances by the
 discussion.
 and of course
 the summary of all these
 as you see number four, is the liquidity crunch, which we have
 continue to deal with.
 However, when we look at page 21, there are some key improvements that have happened.
 In terms of payments, there has been improvement by MBET.
 So we have received additional permits from Embed,
 which has kind of helped in alleviating our situation
 or rather improving our situation.
 Increased generation capacity also, because there are quite some number of turbines that have returned to service across JNCOs.
 Then there's a positive attitude of government towards resolving the power sector issue.
 and one of the developments
 around this is the setting up
 of the Power Sector Reform Working Group,
 which is headed by the Vice President,
 And in talk which the LROFI committee has also reported.
 And so the next point is the performance improvement plan, which the regulator has continued to use to request performance improvement from the distribution companies.
 then when we move on
 we'll see that the gas supply
 already spoken to again
 the summer of the challenges we had
 The good news is that all those challenges were actually resolved.
 And so towards the end of the first quarter, we experienced increased gas supply, which also informed the increased generation we started experiencing from the end of first quarter compared to what has been since last quarter of last year.
 In terms of way forward, right, we had activated our gas supplier agreement
 with our gas suppliers, MPDC and ND Western JV.
 Prior to that activation, we got gas on Best Endeavor because of the industry challenge that we have had in the power sector.
 So the successor Genkos had not been able to activate their gas supplies.
 there's gas supply agreements
 but we eventually did that.
 And what that has done in terms of significance is that from Best Endeavor Arrangement,
 We now have contractual obligation on the part of our gas suppliers to provide us 124 million scoff of gas per day.
 and this will continue to result in increased generation.
 We're equally making additional efforts to get additional gas supply to our plant,
 knowing fully well that at the end of the
 Yeah.
 our available capacity
 would improve
 We increase.
 transmission we only had one grip collapse and in terms of way forward we'll continue to monitor
 developments.
 We are glad about the movement that is taking place around the Siemens Agreement.
 and this means
 do that the federal government
 entered into which is supposed
 to lead to increased infrastructure capacity in terms of distribution
 and transmission.
 where from
 Commission matters.
 That's on page 24.
 However, we still have outstanding receivables, no doubt about that, even though we've increased the payments.
 And so, however, with the payment assurance plan, which was extended by the $600 billion that was made available to MBET by the federal government, we are assured of continued payment, just like the last set we received.
 With respect to the legacy that we are also engaging government
 and governmental agencies in the power sector to find solutions to that.
 The financials are on page 25.
 the CFO had already spoken to them at large.
 So basically the figures are there showing the changes
 changes and the differences in terms of
 performance
 when you
 compare
 you
 Q1 2019 and Q1 2020.
 In summary, we took some hits, as you would see there, as I've been explained.
 However, we also were able to decline our operating expenses by 8%,
 and this was due to some strategies that were adopted by management
 to ensure that certain repairs and maintenances were not outsourced,
 but we utilized the skills we had in-house to be able to fix them.
 The next slide basically is a graphic representation of our capacity utilization compared to gas
 we consumed, that's the
 upper side and on the lower side
 it's available
 available
 capacity compared
 to generated capacity in terms of megawatts.
 So that's the summary of the story for the power.
 And at this point, I'll hand over to Dukwe to also make the presentation on hospitality.
 Thank you.
 Look, I need your mic, please.
 Okay, apologies about that.
 Thank you very much, Chris.
 And good afternoon again, everyone.
 I would like to just take you through the overview
 of the hospitality sector and as it has affected us. The contribution of the hospitality sector
 continues to be quite significant in Nigeria and indeed across the world.
 In terms of contribution to our real GDP, we had about $638 billion as of 2019.
 the sector continues to be a key
 significant contributor in terms of human recruitment and employee as a significant
 employer of labor. We reported real annual growth of about 2.85% for the sector in 2019,
 surpassing the 2018 figures
 of 1.09%.
 with the onset as the group
 CEO talked about the impact of
 what's important a lot about
 on our business as a whole.
 The hospitality sector has actually had a significant impact of the COVID pandemic that we would actually even say it's not fully predictable how the impact would be on both our revenue and our supply chains.
 It's significantly affected our cash flow, and we've had constraints.
 restriction of mobility and virtual business operations has actually affected us as well.
 We have also witnessed a sharp drop in our occupancy rate across the hotel and across the industry.
 It's speculated that up to 75 million jobs are at risk within this sector.
 We also have seen that about 2.1% increase of global unemployment directly linked to travel and tourism job losses.
 However, I mean, the news is not all German.
 as the at the hotel one of the key measures that we took and put in place at the onset of the
 pandemic was that we ensured that all of our staff were properly trained and
 and equipped all of our guests we also kept safe and ensured that they actually knew all that they
 they needed to do on-site. Around the hotel, we had sanitizers, temperature checks, preventive
 measures and awareness on all of our screens.
 The rooms were more thoroughly cleaned than ever before,
 And we ensured that we also communicated very effectively with our customers to
 ensure the
 with the confidence that they knew
 that we had put in the hotel.
 Further, our key strategies really going forward is we've put in place our cost measures to ensure that even within this time,
 operational cost savings is a key priority to us
 and we have gone ahead to receive concessions from our contractual services.
 We are also very focused on reducing costs across the hotels generally,
 making very simple changes in terms of saving energy costs to reduce our energy consumption
 using fewer chillers
 across the hotel, fewer elevators
 across the hotel to just ensure that we can keep our costs down going forward we remain optimistic
 and very focused about what we put in place to ensure we can recover
 from the heat of this COVID pandemic.
 We have split our initiatives into two phases.
 The first phase is going to focus very actively on recovery.
 And what we will do is actually to, in terms of recovering from the losses of the long shutdown,
 We are going to continue to sweat our existing assets through operational efficiencies and
 develop a local demand market, particularly
 targeted at the leisure segment and
 providing entertainment and activities
 across the industry for us
 in the two locations of Abuja and Kalabah.
 Immediately, one of the key things that we did was introduction of our takeaway service business.
 and this is already gaining a lot of
 significant traction, serving fast food
 and oriental cuisine across our market.
 We also kicked up delivery and pickup service for our laundry business, and we've also put
 innovative events in place such as the
 drive-in cinema and concerts
 that adhere to very strict social distancing guidelines
 and while keeping the hotel in mind and generating revenue at the same time.
 We are continuing to deepen other services across our outdoor catering services
 and put in place, again, communicating top-notch safety guidelines to restore confidence to our guests
 and be able to welcome them back once they're back, once the lockdown is finally lifted.
 In addition, we continue to take precautionary measures to keep all our employees and guests safe.
 And with the Hilton are institutionalizing a clean stay with Lysol protection, which we will be introducing across the hotel, just to ensure that guests know the amount of cleansing that has gone on to keep them sanitized and safe at the hotel.
 We will continue to create innovative ways to communicate with our guests
 within all of this period as well.
 In our growth strategy phase, obviously, we're going to focus, like I mentioned, on our leisure market and on our local demand as well.
 We are continuing to push promotions and incentives to gain traction for business-targeting international business and airline crews as the reopening of the airways and flights resume.
 Also, we are looking to continue to attract more conferencing events across Africa for events that have taken place
 to attract them to Nigeria as a location.
 Calabar and Abuja are key locations for that.
 If we quickly go to the page on our key performance indexes,
 we will see that our occupancy has actually declined quite significantly
 from 74% in February
 to about 35% in March compared to the industry as a whole.
 our ADI was
 83,000 Naira 604
 at the end of March, whilst the industry recorded 64,629 in March 2020.
 REVPA recorded a sharp decline from 61,562 in February to about 29,553 in March 20, while the industry recorded a decline from 46,519 to 24,695.
 looking at our financial highlight
 Muthu, you know, talked about that
 and in detail.
 so I won't go through it too much.
 But I think just note to mention is that our revenue dropped slightly by 0.3%.
 And we actually reported a loss of about $687 million in quarter one, 2020.
 We also, in terms, one of the reasons for the major loss that we had was in terms of the interest costs that is now being expensed as a result of completion of the upgrade, as against our Q1 2019, where the upgrade was still going on and capitalization of interest was still on.
 The impact of COVID will truly be seen in quarter two, 2020.
 However, we're quite confident that some of the initiatives that we're putting in place
 would help us reduce
 the negative impact that one would have
 expected within this industry.
 Finally, we are hopeful and optimistic that business and activities will return to the hotel and hospitality sector in due course.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much, Dupe, for that detailed overview.
 So let's just move on to oil and gas.
 I'm quite conscious of time
 I want us to give time for engaging Q&A.
 So if we can just go to slide 35, please.
 let's just go to slide 35
 where we just briefly look at the challenges
 affecting the oil sector in
 Nigeria.
 Well, very
 conversant with this, the delay in
 PIB, Insurgency
 the pipeline vandalization, infrastructural deficits,
 and the price fluctuations and the PMS price regulation.
 These are challenges that we're well conversant with,
 so we will not spend too much time on it.
 But to draw your attention to slide 36, which is what is critical in particular.
 So despite the challenges, these are the timelines that we're looking at.
 And as you can see, we've continued to stick with it.
 So we'll start by looking at partnerships.
 So 2018 to 2020, focus on partnership.
 Specifically, identification of competent and technical financial partners
 to jointly develop the asset that we have, OPL2 is one.
 going unfronted into
 drilling
 looking to drill the site by next year.
 So site survey, local preparation, very strong to this segment is the community engagement
 because that's really important, ensuring that the communities are well-engaged,
 the community in which the asset is situated well engaged.
 from drilling will go into production
 under the production stage, which is again
 And that's 2021 to 2022, production and expansion.
 we'll be looking at drilling a second well
 completing all the work program obligations
 that's agreed with DPR, NAKIMS, and all of them.
 then moving into expansion
 most critical in the expansion
 phase is the conversion of
 from an OPL license to
 and OML.
 so that's it on the oil and gas
 looking at the outlook
 So both Drupal and Chris, when they spoke, had touched a bit on the outlook.
 But let me just bring it a bit closer.
 So for Q1, we had Q1 2020, our actual for power, we had an average capacity of about 462 megawatts for power.
 Our target for Q2, this is mid, almost ended of mid.
 target is 538
 it's
 megawatts, which we are
 on track
 for
 average
 generated capacity for power
 in Q1, which of course
 we saw impacted our performance
 Q1 was
 256 megawatts on average.
 Our Q2 target is 407 megawatts following the measures that we have put in place
 to address the challenges that we saw
 in Q1, which Chris
 highlighted quite strongly
 Lisa, we'll go into that, for hospitality.
 as we all know
 hospitality
 the sector has been really impacted by COVID
 and the hotels are shut down
 so a lot of hotels are
 recognizing occupancy of zero.
 I'd rather recommend Zero for Q2.
 but our target is that we would achieve
 11%, which really
 be around the June side
 looking at things like the airports being reopened, driving local patronage
 patronage and other measures that Dupin
 had prostate on, our ADR
 would have a bit of a dip from
 80,000 to 78,000.
 rest for a room
 will go down to 9,000 naira
 because it is driven by the occupancy
 as well
 but just to look at the growth in power
 that will have average generator capacity of 407 megawatts.
 Still on the Outlook, we will focus very strongly to close the AFAM acquisition.
 if it's still under negotiation
 don't have any conversations.
 I just want to reiterate, again, the reason for getting into Affirm Art,
 and it still remains a strategic fit for us.
 we are committed to generating
 25% of Nigeria's
 power. One in four Nigerians
 we get powerful transport group.
 That is our vision, and we remain committed to that.
 And acquiring a fan takes us closer to that.
 Gas availability is very strong in that region.
 There's sufficient evacuation capacity.
 We also, it takes us closer towards our eligible customer opportunity.
 and, of course, the cost-efficient capacity recovery
 that we shall be delivering.
 our farm has an export capacity
 over 966 megawatts
 and that is what we are going.
 Adding the 966 to our 972 megawatts in Ugebi, that would take us to over 2,000 megawatts installed capacity.
 Now, if you look at the timeline, we have presented this before to you in terms of the timeline for closing the Affan deal.
 So, whilst we've had delays because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the period has been used very wisely.
 We've been having various discussions with the BPE, working with our
 our advisors and to the
 pass it to the deal
 Once we sign the SBA, we shall go on to do our 25% payment.
 and we are strongly exploring
 the possibility of early
 take over, which would mean that we are immediately
 able to recognize
 income from that business
 whilst we are going ahead with the payment.
 So that's it on Assam and our outlook.
 So to reiterate, we are looking at increased performance from power.
 Voters will start a cautious
 but
 it
 cautious but sustainable
 recovery because
 Transcopyote Nabuja, Transcopotos Calabar
 they remain the preferred destination in
 their regions and the innovative
 products that have also been come up
 that have come up with a noble child.
 I mean, we've been seeing it, the innovation of the drive-thru concert, the drive-thru cinema.
 these are things that we're going to continue
 and that would put us very strongly on the map
 as the Nigerians prefer,
 and Africa's preferred hospitality brand.
 Now, we look at our CSR and awards.
 So we've, during this COVID period,
 The classical power limited, again, part of our community engagement,
 supported the community and gave items,
 relief items towards COVID, that a total of 1,308 families benefited from this intervention.
 we've also supported with medical equipment as well
 to ensure that we can continue to provide a safe environment for our workforce.
 Now, whilst COVID is the great topic we're all talking about today,
 It's also important that we continue to drive our CSR strategy in other areas as well.
 cancer remains one of the top
 Keyless
 And we've been working to build awareness about cancer.
 so at Trussell Hilton Abuja
 we have the walk and run against
 cancer in Q1 in partnership with
 which is think blue.
 we've also
 got you to
 protect the environment
 Very, very critical.
 our renewables, our recyclable
 initiative
 if we continue to drive it, education remains very critical.
 so in Abuja we partner with an NGO
 to build new blocks of classroom
 for children of the Shakwe community in Abuja.
 It was very, very well received because we renovated these children's class
 through build new ones so that they are able to learn
 in an enabling environment.
 women and gender inclusion
 remains a very strong focus for us as a group
 and the fact that what we do
 in driving that inclusion
 in our group
 we did
 we continue to drive our women empowerment initiative through the business
 empowerment program where we take
 women and
 train them
 give them the equipment they need to set up
 businesses in
 sawing and training opportunities and that way
 become financially
 and economically included.
 We've graduated a fifth batch of this program, and we continue to drive it.
 Now, all of these have registered us from awards, which we will see.
 I mean, the awards are here for your information, just to show.
 So I was sure that what you're doing is not even.
 people are recognizing him
 and they continue to give us that testament.
 we continue to win awards internationally
 locally and really really
 strong awards. Last year,
 transport hotels
 was awarded the national
 Productivity Award under the category
 of Productivity and Innovation.
 this was in 2019
 we also retained our standard of excellence
 on that the World Travel Award
 and the Seven Stars Luxury Hospitality and Lifestyle.
 We are recognized by
 Chelsea as well
 for the Pre-Draw Excellence Award
 awarded to Transport Ability
 for the best hotel.
 this
 and we're giving this award
 in relation to the renovation and upgrade
 of that property that we did.
 so just to say
 2019 was good
 2020
 see we started out the Q1
 we're very hopeful for the
 taking the year to the end
 with the improvements we've seen in the power sector
 and the recovery
 that will definitely come to the hospitality
 to settle as the economy
 is cautiously reopened for business
 So at this point, I'd like to take a pause here.
 I'll hand it over back to Abayomi to take questions, please.
 Thank you for listening.
 thank you very much Owen
 ladies and gentlemen
 And at this point, we'll need to take your questions.
 So if you have a question, please indicate by clicking the 100 icon at the bottom right of the participant list.
 So there's a handwritten icon just at the bottom right of the patent list.
 So, if you have questions, please click the hand raise button.
 I think they can also type in the chat box as well.
 they will read it out
 please
 Yep.
 All right.
 So, ladies and gentlemen, once again, we would like to take your questions.
 if you have any questions
 please indicate by clicking the hand raise icon at the bottom right of the participant list
 or use a chat box.
 Oh, we take it at the...
 Okay, if we take it, I will have a lot of – it was well presented.
 good afternoon
 well done for the presentation
 so I have
 um, a couple of questions about four of them.
 So, during the presentation, you mentioned about CPI 600 billion, MPI 600 billion payments
 I just want to find out
 I just want to understand
 the duration or how long the payment plan will last.
 So I note that something like this was approved
 sometime in 2017
 that lasted to 2018. So I just want to just want to understand how long that will last.
 That's the first question.
 And then the second question is that in your outlook, you said the Q2 target, the capacity utilization, by my estimate, is about 75%.
 And so I'm just curious, over the last four quarters, not just Q1 in one, over the last four quarters, the capacity utilization has been between 40 to 50 percent, 40 to 60 percent thereabout.
 and I'm just wondering
 Um,
 what would drive this significantly.
 I know some
 effort has been put in place.
 just curious around
 how we see
 a very significant
 you can capture that.
 Maybe you put them
 and one insight around that.
 And then my next question is about the AFAM acquisition.
 Okay, so I saw the timeline of the transaction, and I saw where you said, okay,
 5%
 payment and then later 75%
 so I just want to find out
 So I just want to know more about how the group intends to finance it.
 capital
 was a couple
 We just talked about it in a special
 considering the current levels of
 that can give
 companies are in the group groups.
 And, okay, so my next question is on the oil and gas sector.
 So, yes, I understand that it's a very critical sector in the German economy.
 However, in light of current development, we saw what happened in the global global
 market, the
 issue with prices and all.
 So I don't know.
 maybe, I don't know what
 the company or what the group is saying in that space, but maybe you could try to get
 more insight as to why the group
 things that's exploring
 or venturing into that space
 to resort
 into generation of returns
 that would be high enough to cover
 invested capital.
 those are my questions
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Daniel.
 Daniel, do you mind telling us the organization that you represent, please?
 No, not then, up, rauf.
 Hello?
 My name is Abdurrauf Bendo.
 I'm...
 Yes.
 I'm a research analyst at, yes, I'm a research analyst at WSDC Financial Services.
 okay thank you very much
 Very good questions up around.
 Thank you.
 So, we'll take the,
 Abayame, do you want me to answer now?
 I want to take more questions first.
 It's not a particular question.
 I don't know.
 Okay, we should answer.
 Right.
 Okay.
 So I will address some of the questions, and I will invite Chris and me to also address.
 Let me just turn to the last one on oil and gas.
 You are right, what you said, in terms of the sector right now.
 But we are also aware of this up and down in the sector
 and that oil and gas remains a very attractive sector notwithstanding.
 as we know the liquidity that comes in from there
 the foreign
 exchange the forex that you get from that
 region as well and the huge
 resources that we have in our country
 and oil and gas
 but as a very cautious company
 we will take
 every decision that we make towards the
 continuation of our
 of our investments in this sector
 will be driven by strong numbers, okay?
 will be driven by figures, data.
 What we are looking at is to make sure that any investments we make
 that the return on equity
 will be sensible
 we're not just going to dive in there
 just because we already have the asset
 is going to be something that is very, very meticulously deliberated upon.
 on and then the decisions made.
 but to add that oil and gas
 So the key to this is oil and gas.
 It's not just oil.
 we have
 gas in there
 you've heard us talk about the challenges
 with gas in our country
 which we need for getting
 the power that we need.
 so the gas reserves that we have
 and that asset
 would also be very, very useful to our power play.
 So that's also the reason for continuing to explore in them.
 Now, on the outlook, you've asked about why we're thinking at 75%.
 And keeping in mind that in the last four quarters, it's really been around 40% to 50%.
 So in the presentation, and again with what Chris said, there were some challenges that we had,
 but we've addressed quite a bit of it
 in particular not wanting to mention
 the signing of our cast-of-flight
 agreement which has gone
 the long way in improving our
 gas supply
 taking off
 on the best
 effort basis to a contracted
 capacity basis.
 and we are exploring more discussions of getting additional gas supply.
 Chris will talk more about that.
 So for AFRM, we are exploring a combination of optimal funding structure.
 like you rightly noted, the death
 struck the death that we carry in the group
 but we're looking at a combination of equity and debt to fund it.
 So at this point, I will invite Chris to talk a bit more about the power business
 as it relates to the breathing where we can
 bank on 75%
 performance and to touch
 on the embed
 And when Chris is done, when Chris is done with you,
 you can just talk very briefly on the
 at-time acquisition, the funding thereof.
 Thank you again, Abdul-Ralph.
 Chris, I'll answer you.
 So thank you, Owen.
 And thank you for those insights.
 just to provide additional insight also.
 Abrahman, thank you for your questions.
 With regards to capacity utilization, yes, gas, gas, gas, it's all about gas for us as a gas fire plant.
 And so we have had major challenge with gas.
 But, you know, like I said, when I presented, when I made the presentation, we have been able to, you know, wrap our heads around some of those challenges and resolved some of them in partnership with some key stakeholders like the Nigeria Gas Company.
 so it's
 Thank you.
 and impact of that, that has led to the capacity utilization
 that we're talking about.
 about, and that's where we're all big.
 Beyond gas, also technical, technical in the sense that we also had some of our turbines, right, that were out on maintenance.
 And so, for instance, we have a GT19.
 GT19 is
 105 megawatt capacity
 turbine that was out
 on maintenance, but it's back.
 It came in, and so that increased our available capacity by 100 megawatts.
 And we are also expecting another gas turbine to be back by June.
 And that's GT18.
 And that's another 105 megawatts.
 And in the last quarter of the year, we're expecting the last big machine that we have that is out, GT16, on rotor repairs in Saudi Arabia.
 We're expecting it back also.
 that's towards the end of November
 And that's another 105 megawatts that will be coming in.
 So with gas, you can see that, in fact, the capacity utilization we're talking about now would improve if, you know, by the time this comes back.
 And like I said before, hoping and believing that the efforts being made in terms of infrastructure improvement would also materialize to result in additional load offtake by this course.
 with regards to the embed payment.
 The embed payment is projected to last 18 months, but, again, it's about utilization, right?
 so
 you like the 701
 be learned, you know, we found out
 that even it lasted beyond the initial period of two years
 that it was planned to last because of utilization again.
 so that's that
 We expect that we're still good in the course of this year.
 and we also expect that the outcome of the power working group
 that the federal government set to actually recommend realistic
 and sustainable solutions to the power sector issue,
 We come up with solutions that would, you know, initiate the move towards sustainability, a self-sustaining electricity market in Nigeria, which is where ultimately we're supposed to be to minimize government intervention.
 I think Owen has addressed the AFAM issue
 and
 that's it. Thank you.
 Okay. Thank you very much, Chris.
 thank you
 and Daniel
 just let you know
 that will continue
 in a bit.
 Motive, please,
 can you just very briefly
 attend to the
 a fun funding question, please.
 Okay, thanks, I drove.
 just to mention quickly
 that's your way
 the acquisition cost for the farm based on the bid is about 110 billion that's about 300 million
 dollars so and by regulation 30 percent of that a minimum of 30 must be by way of equity so we are
 working on our financial model as well as the documentation so what amount of equity is going
 to be eventually we are going to communicate that to analysts as well as the finance industry but at
 least for a guide a minimum of it should be 30 percent equity and the total acquisition cost is
 It's about $300 million.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 please can the moderator
 Daniel Onofaya, your hand was up before.
 you have your questions
 been addressed
 or do you have further comments?
 Moderator, please unmute Daniel.
 Don't mute Daniel.
 Let's see if he has further comments or if we've already been addressed by Raoul's question.
 Thank you.
 Raul?
 Okay, thank you very much, Owen.
 My question has been addressed by the answer given to Ralph already.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. I appreciate it.
 Sabaya Milva to you.
 Yes, hello.
 Yes, sir.
 We are looking at this.
 Hello.
 from
 Sorry, now I'm trying to speak.
 on you
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 Hello.
 Hello?
 Hello, it's Sergei Biden from Renaissance Capital.
 to him, man.
 Yes, I can hear you.
 Hello.
 Okay, great.
 So I have the question again about farm acquisition.
 I look at your presentation
 that you said that
 25%
 of the cost for that
 acquisition was planned
 to be paid in first
 quarter of 2020
 and looking at the financials and the cash flow
 I actually don't see that happening.
 now the rest of the cost is
 you planned to
 paying a third quarter
 in the second quarter of 2020.
 Okay.
 Could you clarify what's happening with those payments?
 I mean, from my point of view, you don't pay for that in the first quarter yet,
 but you're talking about only takeover of a farm.
 So does that relate to that deal being worked down right now
 and those payments related to that negotiation of early takeover,
 or it's something happening apart from that.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 So just to mention about that slide 40, this is the slide that had been shown before.
 the timelines were not adjusted
 because we want you to have it here.
 You will note my earlier comment that the timeline we had here was affected by COVID.
 so in Nigeria there's been no flights
 we have interstate restrictions of movement
 so
 In terms of the 25%, yes, it was not paid in Q1 because we're still having the negotiations now.
 but the timeline in terms of how things
 to progress, right, in terms
 of the actual
 duration of time
 rather than the actual date itself.
 So from where we signed the SPA, we signed the SPA, we have a specific time within which to pay the 25%.
 After we pay the 25%, then the time starts counting for the 75% as well.
 Now, in terms of the cash flow and making the payment, I think Muthu, that's a group CFO,
 He addressed it earlier in his initial response.
 maybe you want to just speak a little bit more
 that maybe there were
 some issues with the life
 just quickly on this
 Thank you.
 okay just
 just too hard to
 to awareness said.
 So the initial 25% is meant to be paid immediately
 when we sign the agreement,
 which we are looking at Q2,
 based on what has been going on.
 So ordinarily, by the process,
 we are supposed to pay the 75% after six months.
 So, and takeover, but what we are saying is that
 we are exploring early takeover
 that once we paid the 25%,
 which is about 27 billion.
 then we should be able to take over which we are estimating is going to
 upon in Q2.
 thanks
 Thank you very much, Mathieu.
 thank you so much
 I'm sorry, I didn't get your name before.
 I got a Renaissance Capitol, but the line was shaky.
 Do you mind just repeating your name, please?
 This is Sergei Biden.
 Okay, thank you very much
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Almost one.
 can we take one more question
 if we have any.
 Thank you.
 Abayam, it looks like we don't have any further questions.
 we actually have a question
 from
 Namaka
 I don't know. I'm just going to mute him now.
 Okay.
 Unameka from where, please?
 Nome, you're muted, please.
 Can you ask your question?
 Ken.
 Hello, Bobby.
 Yeah, thanks.
 I hope you can hear me
 Yeah, these are make-up from BMW Capital.
 So just a quick one on the hospitality data that was shown.
 I'm just curious as to your considerations on working capital where you have a projection for Q2-220 at 11% occupancy rate.
 The ADR doesn't show, when you compare it to Q1, any not-word movement,
 which means that there's no improvement in terms of, you know, the top side, the revenue.
 and the question around the working capital is
 and the costs being spent
 to be able to
 take on guests during the
 COVID period
 and
 chasing 11% occupancy rate, is that, in your opinion, a fair allocation, right, of working capital?
 thank you very much
 America. That's a very good question
 for hospitality.
 so your right
 in terms of discussion of working
 capital versus the 11% occupancy.
 But, of course, as you know, what's going on with COVID, there's like a temporary slowdown of business across.
 if you're falling
 you'll stop
 We're following the news worldwide.
 Everyone is reopening the economy cautiously.
 from the US
 you are having different states reopening for business
 in Europe,
 UK, Canada, I think Toronto
 was in the news recently
 because we saw a lot of people out there.
 So we have continued to maintain and sustain the hotel.
 But we've done it very, very carefully.
 if you recall
 when
 the
 first book, she talked about the cost management measures that had been
 that have been
 the
 that
 the hotel had gone into the management
 of the hotel.
 we've been very very prudent about how
 we are managing the hotel
 and I will let Dupe speak a bit
 when I would invite her to speak
 to tell you just a little bit more
 on what we've been doing.
 But just also talk about the strength of the company.
 we've had periods of boom
 we've had periods of a lot of successes.
 So during this period of drought, we had reserves that we can also draw upon to take us through this time as well.
 and that is a
 strength of our group
 of our group where we can
 draw on our resources
 to be able to sustain through difficult times like this.
 So maybe you just spend like 30 seconds or one minute to take through just the measures that we've taken
 to make sure that we are managing the hotels at optimal costs,
 noting that revenue is
 constricted right now. Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Owen.
 I think you've actually covered it quite significantly.
 Like Owen rightly said, our focus right now is to ensure that at all levels,
 And thankfully, we started very early enough.
 at the onset of the pandemic,
 we took immediate action
 to actually reduce our costs.
 And we've been very, very successful in doing that.
 going forward, as the economy
 begins to open up, we're going to still
 continue to focus on driving down our costs.
 But in addition, some of the initiatives that we've introduced and continue to introduce
 will also help us in terms of driving revenue, increasing revenue outside of just our room
 and conferencing revenue as well.
 So what we're doing is we're actively diversifying all the key segments of the market that we normally would have addressed.
 We're targeting the leisure market and looking for different ways to make sure we bring business and football into the hotel.
 So we'll continue to focus on that.
 And like Owen said, you know, we're an institution that is built to last at the end of the day.
 And so we will ride this cycle and continue to deliver more for all of our stakeholders.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 But Emeka, I hope that has answered your question.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 I really appreciate you.
 so abide on me
 I think we can now
 conclude
 conscious of times that I will respect
 everyone that has joined the call.
 Absolutely, absolutely.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we've come to the end of the call.
 So at this point, I would like to invite Group CEO President Transcop, PLC, to give a closing remarks.
 Thank you again.
 just to really
 appreciate everyone that's taking time to
 come on this call. Typically, we do our conference call. We have a phone number that we dial
 into, and this is our new
 normal. We are new normal. We're able to
 to see us.
 So,
 I hope that by the next call
 that would have
 You will also turn on your videos so that we can see you as well.
 Let's begin to put faces to the names as well.
 but just to reiterate that
 Transcore is on a
 is on a path of success.
 As you see, this year we had significant changes across the group on the management side
 for my appointment as a President Group CEO
 and I think our outgoing
 the former CEO of Valentine
 who was in the group
 and has now become a non-executive director on our companies.
 to the appointment of Chris Ezia Tulukwe,
 who was
 executive director in Transcore PLC before
 and is now Managing Director of Transcore Power,
 who is our MDCEO now
 at Transcorp Hotels.
 the appointments of the executive directors
 and chief operating officers as well in the companies,
 for Transcop Power
 Helen Iwuchuku for
 Transcorp Hotels. Working with the team
 and others as well
 we are going to continue to drive our growth strategy.
 in power
 we target to complete
 the acquisition of Afanjenko
 this year
 which will
 take us closer to that
 our strategy, our vision
 of generating
 25% of Nigeria's power
 and our medium-term strategy of having 2,500 megawatts installed capacity.
 For the hospitality sector, DUPRE has talked to us through this a whole lot.
 who will continue to be innovative.
 We've already invested in our fixed assets.
 we are the clear leaders of hospitality
 when it comes to the brick and water
 what we are not taking
 we are taking
 to the next step of what are you looking at
 So watch this space for the innovation that we've come through
 in the hospitality sector.
 I mean, just looking at the drive-thru innovation, that is just amazing.
 Dress through.
 drive-thru concert,
 drive-thru cinemas
 and it continues to go
 and we'll look for critical partners
 that we can partner, we can
 credit book companies
 on organizations
 that we can
 partner with us to continue to drive
 our innovation.
 On OPL 281, gas is critical to our business, gas is critical to the country, just as oil
 remains critical
 We will continue to work, but ensure that we are guided by very strong investment principles.
 operational efficiency will remain a watchword
 And we continue to drive our diversification strategy because, as we have seen during COVID, diversification was critical.
 Our power sector is an essential business and has proven to be very strong.
 so on that note
 I want to say thank you to everyone
 will remain committed to delivering
 value to our
 share with us
 and holding ourselves to the highest level of corporate governance.
 And on that note, I'd also like to thank the Board of Transcore,
 chaired by Mr. Tony Oegmelu, C-O-N, the board of our subsidiary companies as well.
 we thank all of them
 and to say thank you very much and have a good afternoon.
 so if you have more consensus
 Please, there's a contact sheet that is on the screen right now.
 please contact Motiu Bakare, Florence Nasamu, and Uluwato Biloba Ojediro.
 Thank you and have a good afternoon.
 and then