Good afternoon. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. Welcome and thank you for joining the Nexi third quarter 2021 financial results conference call. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Should anyone need assistance during the conference call, they may signal an operator by pressing star and zero on their telephone. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paolo Bertoluccio, CEO of Nexi. Please go ahead, sir. Good morning. Good morning to everybody on this call and thank you for joining us in our third quarter results session. As usual, I'm here with Bernardo Mingrone, our CFO, and Stefania Mantegazzo, our leading investor relations, but we have also a few other colleagues connected here with us in case it's needed. As usual, I will start giving you a little bit of an update on where we see the volumes going and evolving on the back of the evolution of COVID and also give you a short business update with focus on merchant services. Then I will hand over to Bernardo, who will cover financial results. I will come back to give you a quick update on where we are in creating the European Paytik leader and bringing the new group together. Obviously, I will conclude commenting on guidance that, as you know, has been confirmed for the full year already. Before I go in, let me remind everybody that this is the first time for us in presenting the aggregated numbers of Nexi and Nexa. Last time, you may remember Bernardo gave you an overview of what pro forma, the profile of the new group would have looked like to kind of introduce the topic. This time, we are reporting integrated Nexi and Nexa. We will cover the performances by region, which will give you an indication of how things are going. We will probably make a few more comments on the standalone performances, but as I said, we are reporting for the first time in an integrated way. Then, at the end of the presentation, we will have time, as always, for your questions. Now, let me start, as usual, with the messages at page 3. The three messages basically are reinforcing the same three messages we had over the last couple of quarters. Number one, we have seen a continued volume recovery and acceleration across the various geographies. In Italy, we continue to see a strong volume performance with Italian cards growing anywhere between 20% to 25% versus 2019. Again, I remember to everybody is always our benchmark here because it was the pre-COVID here. Next to Italy, we have seen also a good recovery in the Nordics that came back to positive over the last few weeks as a total, with some strong performances across many sectors. The DAC region is still recovering, not back to the previous level at full, but actually seeing a stronger basic conception growth. Also, more recently, we have seen the discretionary sector coming back to positive here. The travel sector impact for our business there, still relevant in volumes, is the one that is still behind, although recovering. Third point, we see an acceleration stronger in SMEs than in LACA. This has to do also with the different profiles of the different sectors in terms of mix of SMEs and LACA, but we believe this is really positive for our positioning and for the outlook as well. Last but not least, we continue to see clear signals of acceleration of cash to digital payment transition across all sectors and visible in all geographies, also the ones that have already more penetrated. Message number one. Message number two, also in the third quarter, we have seen a strong and growing financial performance. Revenues for the group were up 10.1% in the quarter, an acceleration versus the previous two quarters for a total of 9.6% in the nine months. We have seen in particular strong revenue growth performance in merchant services and solutions for both Nexi and Nex, at very similar levels, plus 12.2% for the total in the third quarter, 10.6% year to date, and again here you see an acceleration. E-commerce revenues were pretty strong at plus 32%, despite the fact that the travel and record sectors are still affected by COVID. EBITDA in the quarter was up 14.6%, up 12.3% from the beginning of the year with continued margin expansion that in the third quarter was at 53%, up two percentage points versus last year. Third message, we continue to progress in the creation of the European Paytech leader. SIA has reported again a strong standalone performance and will comment on a dedicated page. As you know, we have received the antitrust approval on October 14th on the combination of Nex and SIA and the closing is now expected by year end. In the meantime, we have closed the deal with Intesa on the Ubi merchant book. Yesterday, we have also signed the deal with Alphabank to create a joint venture in merchant services field in Greece, closing the expected at some point in the second half, probably the second quarter of next year. And last but not least, we made a small but actually strategic investment for our future in a company called Orderbird and is the leading dark commercial software solution for the hospitality sector, but it's also in other geographies. It's a small investment, talking about 16 million euros. We have increased our ownership from 20%. We were already there to 40% with a clear path to control. And we are very happy for this because it's the first real, as a small test for us in entering in a deeper way, the software space, especially for SMEs starting from Germany. This is a very strategic market for us and expanding in other places as well. On the back of all of this, we have confirmed our ambition for 2021 on a next-in-next combined level. Revenues, we expect them to grow at about 10% year-over-year and EBITDA to grow at 11% to 13% year-over-year. Now, before I go into volumes, let me jump to page 5 as a quick reminder. This is the new profile of the group. We have a group that sees about 60% of the revenues in merchant services and solutions with a strong exposure to e-commerce. 29% is what we call cards and digital payments and remaining 10% in what we call digital banking and corporate solutions. Second, the group is highly, highly exposed to markets with super strong and very, very long-term and secular growth opportunity in digital payments. 71% of our revenues are in low-penetration markets such as Italy, such as Germany, such as the central European ones and southern European ones. Number three, 64% of our revenues are coming from volume and 36% from installed or installed-like type of revenue. Last but not least, we have a very strong operating leverage. Now, let me jump into volumes and we'll cover Italy first and then I will also give you highlights on what we see happening in the other key geographies. Page number six is the usual page. The dark blue line is the total here. We are focusing on merchant services where we have more insight and therefore the dynamics are more interesting. The dark blue line is the total. The lighter blue line is actually on Italian cards. The grey one is on international cards and therefore visitors to Italy. Here you see that after the summer, we continue to basically grow revenues compared to 2019 anywhere between 10 to 20 percent, sometimes also above 20 percent. And here there is a clear strong contribution from Italian cards that have been growing anywhere between 20 to 30 percent over the last few months. I would say particularly interesting is also the dynamic in the international visitors cards. Here you see that you had a very, very fast recovery in the summer leading to August where we went back to the levels of pre-COVID, mainly driven by European visitors with Americans and Asians being still not present or present in a very limited way. Then we had a slowdown again but then a stronger recovery over the last few weeks. This dynamic is probably explained by the fact that the touristic side of international travel is recovering fast. People are really keen to travel as soon as they can do it. Well, actually the business traveler dynamic is still behind and therefore depending on the moment of the season, probably we continue to see these dynamics happening. Hopefully the recovery of October is also due to the fact that we had lesser restrictions also for business travelers. So it's a combination of business travelers coming a bit back and actually holidays in some countries in Europe in the latter part of October as well. Jumping to page seven, we have the usual split by macro sectors. This is the

total, so this is not separating Italian cars versus international cars, and therefore the sectors are also affected by the dynamics that I was explaining before. Here we see very strong continued growth in the basic consumption sectors like groceries, utilities, medical, and so on and so forth, growing anywhere around 30%, 30%, 34%, 37% in the last week. And we see the other two sectors now moving kind of similarly anywhere in between, I would say 5% to 10% year over year, with a super strong recovery, I would say definitely faster than expected, in particular in the impact sectors, and I would say in particular in restaurants and bars. So this is the dynamic we are observing in Italy. We'll come back in a moment to give you a bit more insight on specific subsectors because I think it's interesting. On page 8, we see instead the dynamics, the observed dynamics in the Nordics area and in the DAC region. If you just take the total before going into the subsectors space, we have observed a plus 12% growth in October across both, across the net, if you like, geographies, 12% growth of our SMEs versus 2019. LACA instead was still behind, but actually if you strip out the effect of the impact consumption sectors growing as well, plus 8%. Last but not least, we also see a good recovery in e-shrinking, now growing 5% in net geographies, and basically this is mainly relating to the Nordics. As we're talking about the Nordics, here you see in the top graph the dynamic Nordics have been back to positive from September and actually growing further in October as a total. They've been growing 7% versus 2019 in terms of volumes. Actually, the last week was actually double digit with 12%. Very strong and consistent performance on the basic consumption sectors, about 30%, actually 45% in the last week. The discretionary consumption sector trending a bit slower, but now close to zero, and a good recovery over the last few months also for the high impact sectors over the last month at minus 1%. Last but not least, in the DAC region, and here most of the volumes are actually associated to Germany. Here you see a continued strong performance of growth in the basic consumption sectors. You see actually discretionary services going back to a positive 8% last week, 2% in October versus 2019. Here the sector that is still behind is actually the one that is related to travel. Here in Germany, this is an important impact on the total mix. This is one of the reasons why, the key reason why actually Germany is still behind compared to 2019 volumes. So this is the top of feature. Page 9, a bit more into the specific sectors to reinforce the point that I think we made over the last many calls. I would say that we have been observing underneath these COVID related dynamics a very strong acceleration of the transition from cash to digital payments, not only in underpenetrated markets like Italy, but also in more penetrated markets like the Nordics. Here you see at page 9 a few examples here with a pic from top to bottom, the top 8 sectors per markets. Some of them may be less relevant in size, but here you see actually also very relevant sectors. Think of restaurants and bars in Italy, 34% growth or groceries 25% growth, nicely growing all double digit next to some very special ones like doctors at 6%, for example. Nordics similarly groceries 23%, 25% versus 2019. Again, for a market that we tend to believe that is already highly penetrated is a big positive in our opinion. And you see a more specialized and more respectful such as, for example, cosmetic or hardware growing at 48%, 69% and so on. Last but not least, also in the DAC region, groceries 49%, also restaurants, despite that some limitations have been still in place, 13% and many other sectors growing double digit with actually department stores growing triple digit. But I would look at it with a lot of sympathy that is falling off the benchmark for the other sectors of business for now. So this is basically the picture in terms of volumes. Before I hand over to Bernardo to cover financial results, I would love to divide with you for a few minutes on the dynamics and the key initiatives that we're observing, in particular in merchant services that, as you know, is more than half of our revenues and is always up here. A focus not just for us, but also for you and for investors more broadly. And here we try to give a little bit of a feeling of what we're doing in the different segments. And we cover this by SMEs that represent almost 60% of our revenues in merchant services, e-com that represents about 25% and also LACA that is a bit less than 10% of total revenues. If you're asking yourself why those sum up to 100, the reason is that there is a 7% that has to do with acquiring ATMs, as we call it cash. And this is not allocatable to any segment. For simplicity reasons, they're allocated post terminals, revenues to SMEs because most of it is really SMEs. Now, going one by one. In SMEs, we see a strong acceleration on our digital proposition in Germany, positive results in Germany on the back of the very positive results we had in the Nordics, as well as in Italy, we're promoting more and more the mobile POS proposition for new to merchant subsector. At the same time, we are very successfully pushing on vertical propositions in the specific sectors. We started in Italy with dedicated go-to-market for very narrow verticals, for example, restaurants, cafes, hotels, retail, and so on and so forth, where we package very often from the distribution go-to-market point of view, but sometimes also pricing and product itself. And this is really hitting the ground well with customers. At the same time, we are increasing our focus on ISVs and more in general, the software space. And here, basically, there are two things we're doing. On the one side, we're expanding our partnerships across all geographies, I would say, with ISVs. And if you count them across the board, we count them actually for this call, it's actually more than 500 partnerships in the ISV space. And that mix of partnerships with local leaders on merchants, CRM and ERP softwares, for example, Consistently, just to mention one, and many, many, many smaller, much smaller vertical specialists that very often are local companies as well. And we normally partner with the technical integration. Some of them, we do also go to market together. As anticipated now with Alderberg, we're going one level deeper as we will integrate more on the proposition side as well, and we'll test it in one segment in one market to expand it further as we go along. In the SME segment, basically, we're not seeing any major news in terms of competitive dynamics. We know, I mean, we've discussed it in the past, that we have important competition in the new to digital payments segment, the smaller merchants that are starting to use digital payments for the first time, in particular in Italy, in particular also in Germany, from basically one player that is Sanmartin, that are actually successful in the market in winning a number of customers, but actually the value associated with these customers, even the size of them is very small. We have also increased in Italy our focus in that segment, and we're actually quite successful. We have doubled our acquisition volumes, but we're also focusing in backing up these customers as they grow, and when they need a proposition that is more structured and more complete. This is it in terms of SMEs. The volumes across our geographies were up about 14% in the fourth compared to the same quarter 2019. E-commerce represents about 25% of our revenues in merchant services, seeing a lot of dynamics, a lot of new players coming, some of them going as well, to be honest with you. And by the way, this is a sector where we have new segments and new propositions emerging as well. We're ready to talk more about it in our Q&A sessions, but let me give you a flavor of what we're doing here. First of all, when it comes to the more PSP-like type of proposition for the acceptance propositions, we are launching in Germany after a pretty good success in the Nordics as a collecting PSP proposition. At the same time, we are expanding our PSP proposition in terms of capability in Italy. It's called xPay, and we're expanding this proposition also on the back of the experience and the capabilities that we have in NET, for example, in one-click checkouts and card-free on-board

for example, in one feature count and card pre-onboarding. In the nine months, our e-commerce activations in Italy have been up 70% compared to the same period two years ago, just to give you a flavor. At the same time, we are seeing a lot of activity in the alternative payment method space here. Our angle is twofold. We own alternative payment methods and at the same time we partner with third-party payment methods to make them available through our gateways to our merchant customers. If you focus for a moment on account-to-account propositions, we actually have a very strong position, a successful position both in Poland and Finland, and they're growing very, very strongly. At the same time, we are onboarding more and more account-to-account solutions to our gateways. For example, Bank of APE in Italy. Similarly, in buy now, pay later, we have a very strong proposition called RATE in Germany. We own that proposition. That proposition is growing very, very strongly. But again, it is a proposition that is made available not only through our gateway solutions in Germany, but also to basically every other national international PSP active in the country. At the same time, in the other geographies, we are partnering more and more with third-party buy now, pay later providers because at the end of the day, as a PSP, we must be able to offer all possible payment methods to our merchants, customers, in order to allow them to basically maximize their conversion rates at checkout. Last but not least, we continue to strike partnerships with e-commerce enabler platforms across all markets. We have about, or actually more than 10 partnerships across the group. Many of them are with players that are present in more than one market. Today, we cover about 76% of the relevant market. Today, e-commerce enablers cover across our geography about 10% of the volumes. They basically serve the tiniest of the micro-merchants, the micro-SMEs in e-commerce. We cover through technology integration and in certain cases also go-to-market partnership 76% of that. Again, here, volumes are growing 13% despite the prior-related sectors still being suffering. The reason why the growth rate of revenues is actually well above 30% is because when it comes to account-to-account and buy now, pay later solutions that we own, the growth rate is very, very strong and it's contributing to the total growth. Last but not least, the lock-up segment that represents about 9% of our total revenues in merchant services. Here, we don't see any major news in terms of competition. Obviously, we continue to see active, very active players like Adyen in very specific segments that are business segments of the global brands, in particular, say, in luxury and in fashion. To be very clear, we continue to compete successfully and win in the sectors that instead are more local in nature, such as, for example, food retail, household goods, mobility, insurance, public administration, and so on and so forth. Basically, we win and continue to win where the physical components of the omni-channel solutions is actually relevant for these companies, where they need the complex needs in terms of terminals and terminals acquiring acceptance integration, where the local integration with local payment methods is important, where the vertical sector integration is important, where customization is important. At the end of the day, that's the core of what we do, thanks to our local entrenchment. Here, we continue to serve successfully not only the local large merchants, but also global brands that are present in markets with the characteristics I just described across our geographies. We cover and serve merchants such as, for example, Ikea, Sky, Decathlon, Border from Zara, names that are clearly international names that require very specific local support, integration, and delivery. Now, before I move on, let me use one example of something that we announced yesterday. It's actually today's small, but I think it's also a good example of what we see as the core of the nature of the new Nexi group. I think we said in the past, and in many one-on-one conversations, that at the end of the day, our strategy is quite simple. We want to combine the scale that is necessary to drive hard innovation, digital innovation in particular, and understand competence is important, investments are important, and so we need scale. So we want to be competitive with the global players, specialized players when it comes to product proposition innovation, but at the same time, we also want to be very, very locally entrenched, thanks to our people, thanks to the ecosystem integration that we have in the different geographies. And one simple example of this on top of the many I've given to you over the last few minutes has to do with a product we launched yesterday. It's called Pago in Conto. It's presentable as a pay-by-account. It is a very nice product because it is an account-to-account payment product that we are making available to begin with in e-commerce, but will be available also on omnichannel solutions for lacas and SMEs as well. This is actually integrating many capabilities that we have in Nexi, not only in merchant services, but also in the payment space, in the open banking space, to deliver a solution that we are making available to our PSP merchant customers, and I would believe progressively also to other PSPs that want to operate in Italy. And this solution is basically leveraging open banking enablement that we provide because we are the provider of the open banking system for Italy, our capability in this space, plus our local access, plus our local integration, plus our local capabilities on the e-commerce side. And basically, a merchant can offer the opportunity to its own customer to pay by the bank account without registering on anything, because thanks to open banking, the customer will find a click button on the checkout page. If you click on the button, then basically the page of the bank will open. The customer will identify himself with the standard identification method of the bank, and the transaction will happen because it will be pre-already filled on the different components of the transaction itself, and the reconciliation will happen automatically. Again, it is a small thing, but I believe it gives you an idea what it means not having global scale, but also being locally entrenched and integrated. Clearly, this is targeting not necessarily the small transaction, but actually large transactions, because being paid by account, you can pay for the moment up to 15,000 euros per transaction and going forward even more. Let me now hand over to Bernardo. Sorry, I took a bit more time here, but I really wanted to try and give you a flavor of what is happening in this space. Bernardo. Thanks, Paolo. So just we'll try and be quick here so we leave as much space as possible for Q&A. Starting on slide 12, we've seen how revenues have grown approximately 10% in the quarter and 10% for the nine months. As Paolo said earlier, this is how what we discussed in terms of volumes and in terms of business updates translates into the financials. I think it's important to underline how growth in revenues was very similar in both NETS and NEXI. I guess that's the message I would like to leave you with. In terms of EBITDA, we can see there's been a two percentage point accretion year on year in the quarter and the same applies if we look at the nine months. Most of this accretion actually comes from NETS. We have less of an accretion this year on NEXI as we've discussed in the past due to the fact that we're unwinding or let's say there is the coming out of last year. We have the effect of certain costs, the cost cutting exercise we had last year which impacts our growth in costs in NEXI this year as expected. So two percentage points accretion which is in line with our expectations. On slide number 13, we see how the various geographies performed. Italy, strong performance in the quarter with 12% growth accelerating compared to 12% versus 2019, accelerating compared to 8% we had in the first nine months. So again, good signs of recovery from COVID. DAF and Poland had even stronger growth. We have an 18%, close to 18% growth in the nine months, 19% if you look at it in the quarter. Actually Germany growing more than Poland thanks to the strong exposure we have in Germany to e-commerce and BNPL which Paolo also referred to earlier. In the Nordics and Southeastern Europe, slightly different dynamic. Again, there is less exposure I would say to e-commerce compensated in Germany and Poland for the slow recovery in terms of coming out of the lockdown in some of the geographies NEXUS present in. Plus, as we will see later, the effect in the Nordics of the, as we mentioned in the past, the fact that we have renegotiated the last major contract at NEXUS and that has hit us in 2021. Moving on to the various divisions on slide 15, we have merchant services and solutions where we've had a very strong quarter with double digit revenue growth across the group and this is true as I said both at NEXI and NEX level. NEXUS has proved to be extremely resilient in all its geographies. We can see that transactions have recovered very nicely throughout the group and in Italy we have 15% year on year growth for the nine months and this was only partially offset by slightly slower growth in some of the other geographies due to the different phases

phasing of lockdown. I think it's important to underscore how e-commerce has continued to grow nicely. We have 37 percentage growth in the third quarter this year, 32% if you look at the nine months. And this is also sustained, as I said earlier, through a strong performance in Germany and Poland. Just a word of explanation with regards to a trend which in the past has been different in terms of the growth in volumes of international schemes, which is lower than the overall volume growth. This is due to a factor in Italy of domestic debit cards now being able to transact contactless, transacting on the domestic scheme rather than international schemes. And this has caused this inversion of the trend. On slide 15, we can see the data for cards and digital payments. Even in this division, we have good revenue growth with good volume recovery. Here the volume recovery, as you can see, is what we're more used to, where the trend I highlighted earlier of the shift to domestic debit in Italy on contactless transactions is more than offset by the fact that we are moving some of our – we're progressively moving our domestic debit cards into international debit cards, which fuel the growth in international schemes. But overall, we have strong growth in the quarter also in cards and digital payments. Slide 16, we can see how DBS or digital banking corporate solutions as it's now called performed in the nine months. We've discussed this in the past as a division in which project-related revenue, which is recurring by nature even though it's not contractualized, but every year we have project work for our partner banks mainly in the various geographies, has been from a seasonality perspective present in our P&L more in the first half of the year, hence the deceleration you can see from 11% to 5%. So 11% for the first nine months and 5% for the last quarter. Overall, I would say that performance has been in line with our overall expectations. Maybe in Italy we have had a bit of a slowdown, which will also impact us – has impacted us this year on Monte dei Paschi as they were discussing a potential transaction with Unicredit. That is no longer the case, so hopefully we will recover some of the lost revenues there in 2022. Slide 17 shows us the cost dynamic. I think it's important to look at the commentary we put into the side of this slide where we try and give you a picture of what the cost dynamics really look like if we normalize for last year. I mentioned earlier that in Exi we had – I reminded you that in Exi we had a cost containment program, which was €100 million of cash cost cut last year to protect our P&L and our cash flow. This unwinds this year, and hence we have a bounce back of pools on variable compensation, a bounce back of travel expenses and the likes. If we normalize for those, I would say two items in HR costs, for instance, the overall HR costs would actually be flat year on year. There's some slight, let's say, increase due to the annualization of people who were hired last year. But overall, basically flat HR costs if we normalize for variable comp. With regards to other non-HR costs, these will be up 1.4% if we normalize for the growth in volume. So effectively, obviously revenues are growing. We've seen double digit. Our cost base grows by 1.4%. So if we take out the growth in volume driven processing costs, testimony to the fixed nature of most of our cost base. With regards to, let's say, the net debt position of the group, we should look at it with SIA or at least I look at it with SIA included. We have received antitrust approval and Paolo will speak to this in a second. But basically, now we have the uncertainty. If we look at the combined numbers, both of net debt and EBITDA, so adding on to our last 12 months, the EBITDA also SIA's €327 million of EBITDA for the last 12 months. And we include SIA's €820 million of net debt. Our overall ratio is 3.6 times leverage, which is three times if we include also run rate synergies, which we announced as part of this transaction. And this we expect to unwind pretty quickly and deleverage with the profile we highlighted at announcement. Just a reminder that three quarters of our indebtedness is fixed rate. So moving into, let's say, a potentially high rate environment, I think we feel pretty comfortable with regards to our capital structure. So that said, I will pass the floor back on to Paolo so he can take us through the M&A updates in closing months. Thank you, Bernardo. Page 20, a quick update on SIA. SIA reported over the last few days the results for the quarter. The revenues were up 9.3% and EBITDA was up 12.9%. So very close to the rest of the group performance. Year-to-date results are even higher than this. I think it has been anticipated at the beginning of the conversation around SIA. First half of the year is a bit richer than the second half, basically due to phasing and very specific events that have to do with underlying. As far as the closing is concerned, as you know, the Italian Trust has approved the deal on October 14th. There were remedies specifically in the areas that are connected to national products. And this is in consistency with what our expectation was, which is very much correct. In terms of remedies, there is only one of them that is structural. And this remedy has to do with what I would call the national clearing, non-SEPA clearing. To be precise, the size of that business is about €6 million of revenues full year, about two free of EBITDA, more or less. By the way, revenues are declining because we are talking about products such as, for example, checks. We will be obviously implementing and working to implement these remedies as we speak. And we expect to close by the end of the year. We still have two or three authorizations missing, but they tend to be either a bit more technical or in any case as you at the end of the process, such as, for example, Italian Stock Exchange regulator for the approval of the prospectus. And everything else is in line in terms of preparing for the execution of the closing within this time frame. On page 21, you have a bit broader update on what is happening on the various fronts. You may remember, I will be telling you the path of restructuring our transformation plan on different work streams and so on and so forth. A quick update on the technology side. Basically, we already have a one new group technology plan and we already started to execute around some areas, for example, CapEx savings and duplication, pooling together group digital delivery under one hub, optimizing infrastructure, ready to execute process and platform consolidation as soon as we close SIA and many other areas of initiatives. As far as institutional operational excellence is concerned, we have already started to optimize to know the management in the HR side and we are ready to execute the full integration of NEXI in Italy while there are many other operational excellence initiatives already ongoing. As far as procurement is concerned, we started working on this a few months back and we have a very detailed plan defined and we have already close to close already 12 strategic renegotiations and as far as revenue synergies are concerned, we touched on a few of them before but teams are already working together starting from the lower end in fruits and even on the SIA side, we did use a clean team approach to prepare a very detailed commercial plan to be able to go out as soon as we close in upselling products and services to our customers in Italy to begin with. All in, we expect to have synergies for about 100 million euros of cash for next year. A big part of this is CapEx as you can imagine is one of the years where it's easier to optimize and faster to optimize but we're progressing on all initiatives. Here I'm talking about one of the million euro cash synergies in the year and therefore obviously the exit rate would be much higher than that. So let me now move to page 23. I think this short we are basically simply confirming the guidance that we gave you last time when we talked for the first time about the new aggregated group. This is valid obviously for Nexi and Neth. And I just remember that we did upgrade our guidance at quarter one results when we were talking about Nexi wholly and we're now confirming all of this. About 10% revenue growth in the year about 11 to 15% EBITDA growth with margin expansion both versus 2021, 2020 and even more 2019. It was a more normal year about three percentage points versus 2017. Broadly stable CapEx intensity ratio with anticipation of the M&A synergies. Last but not least Bernardo showed you continued cash flow generation and progressing the leveraging over the long run starting from a new level that is exactly in line with what the plan was and what we announced when we signed the deals with SIA and Nexi. So page 24 I will not go through all of it again. Key messages for today. Continued recovery and acceleration of volumes across all geographies with clear signals of acceleration of cash to digital payments

progress with PS signals of acceleration of cash to digital payment across, again, all geographies. Very strong financial performance with double-digit revenue growth in the quarter and further margin expansion as well, and a particularly strong performance in merchant services and solutions. Last but not least, progressing according to our plan and matching ahead in putting the new group together as a combination of Nexi and CEA. And last but not least, as I just said, confirmed the ambition for the full year. I start there and open up for your questions. Excuse me, this is the chorus call conference operator. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. To remove yourself from the question queue, please press star and two. Please pick up the receiver when asking questions. Anyone who has a question may press star and one at this time. The first question is from Sebastian Stabowitz with Kepler-Schevret. Please go ahead. Yeah, hello everyone and thanks for taking the question. So I know it is a bit early to provide any precise indication for 2022, but just wondering if you could help us a little bit understand the dynamic behind your sales and your margins moving into 2022. We are seeing a dash or Nordics gradually recovering. Is it reasonable to assume a kind of acceleration of the trends moving into next year? And the second question would be more on a competitive landscape to understand a little bit what is happening in your main market, Italy. We discussed a couple of times competitive landscape, but on your new markets like Nordics or dash, who do you see usually in those markets? And do you see any fast growing acquirers in those markets moving from online to installs and trying to compete on the SMBs or is it not really the case? Thank you. Hi, Sebastian, and thank you for the questions. So listen, 2022, we'll talk about guidance for 2022 in February. That's when I will try to give you our view for the year. I think when we did announce this, we said that our ambition was to obviously increase the speed of growth of the company on a larger and more resilient perimeter. Our previous pick of it, if you wish, guidance was 5% to 7% revenues and 13% to 16% of EBITDA. Our plan is to do obviously better than that on the back of the new context and the new group profile. Then every single region has its own dynamics. Clearly, we see it as we are preparing the budget, as you can imagine. We're actually having in terms of volumes a good expectations from the Nordics. But then there are many other specific dynamics that have to do with specific contracts, specific areas of investment and so forth. So I would really prefer to wait and give you more detailed commentary when we come to February within a broader picture. But I believe that what we are observing as a speak and the data that I will show you in terms of specific sectors are confirming that we see growth potential in the Nordics as well, on top of obviously Italy or Germany and obviously places like Poland or Central Eastern Europe. When it comes to the dynamics in the other markets, I think that in the other markets we are seeing a lot of dynamics that I mentioned before. I mean, in the SME space you see these new entrants, but to be honest with you, for the moment we don't see, for the moment in other geographies, other players becoming more visible or more aggressive. So this is a competition that we know and is very much focused on new to card segments. In the e-commerce space you tend to see a little bit the same players around, I mean the Stripes and the PayPals and the like. I would say no major new dynamic there. Clearly, Stripe is making a more inroads with smaller merchants on the back of this rampage with Shopify in the markets where Shopify is strong. But as I said before, we're also strengthening our position for the partnerships with the other content management systems and e-commerce enablers. And when it comes to LACA, I would say a bit more of the same of what I said before. So adding more presence and generally international acquirers being present, but nothing really major. As you know, buy now, pay later is becoming a bigger phenomenon, and we're actually benefiting from that ourselves with RatePay. Klarna is becoming more active in the Nordics and I would say in Germany as well. It's a few successful in Sweden where honestly we're not very exposed as we discussed in the past. When it comes to online players moving more in-store, in particular SMEs, to be honest with you, for the moment we don't see a lot of movement. You don't have yet any particularly successful case of other PSPs or account-to-account providers or buy now, pay later providers in SMEs. SMEs space is actually the majority of our revenues in merchant services. It remains a very, very specific space. It's very local. It's still very much connected with banks. It requires a lot of specific attention and the more we segment, the more we realize that because even more local somehow. So I would say nothing really new from that angle. Thank you, Paulo. The next question is from James Goodman with Barclays. Please go ahead. Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you very much. Just like into the fourth quarter firstly, I mean, you've reiterated clearly the guidance for the year, 10% growth. We've previously specified an H2 growth figure, I think it would be 11% to 13%. And obviously you can sort of do the calculation around Q4. But I guess my question is, is it fair to expect an acceleration perhaps across all your geographies into Q4? I mean, we've got a weaker comparative base, I think, in the Italian business, including the progressive reopening across the Nordics, but particularly DAC having given the travel exposure that you have there. That's the first question. And then maybe to sort of follow up on the EBITDA for the quarter and for the outlook, can you make a comment just on, I mean, we can see the revenue, I suppose, more or less for next year net for the quarter, but can you just make a comment on the EBITDA performance between next year and next for the quarter? And as we look out to the full year there, I mean, you're sort of in the middle of your 11% to 13% range at the moment, but depending on what you say about revenues for Q4, is there any reason to expect EBITDA not to sort of grow similar to revenues in the fourth quarter? Thank you. Hi, James. Did you follow Bernardo? Yeah, sure. So the question on the fourth quarter is, as I say, it's a difference between our guidance and where we are on the third quarter. So as you said, the math is pretty easy. What we can say is that we expect the fourth quarter revenue growth to accelerate compared to the third quarter, and this is primarily driven by merchant services performance, which will be strong in the fourth quarter and stronger if you want than the third quarter. Overall for the year, though, I would take what Paulo said with regards to overall guidance, which is to grow revenues double digit. The second question you asked was on, was it on EBITDA growth for Nexinets? Is that right? Yeah, just in the quarter, EBITDA between the two businesses. And yeah, the sort of the relationship in the fourth quarter between revenue and EBITDA. Yeah, so in the third quarter, the EBITDA, as I said, when we discussed the margin accretion came primarily from the growth at Nets, right, where we had a significant step up from second quarter to third quarter and 19% growth in EBITDA. I think that's what we would like to stick to for now in the comment in the fourth quarter, the top performance. Having said that, we confirmed guidance where you have a guidance for EBITDA growth as well. Okay, thank you. The next question is from Stefan Ulrich with Otto. Please go ahead. Yes, good afternoon. First of all, I'd like to ask an update maybe on the CI process if you have any view on when you will start to consolidate CI into the group. And the second question is also regarding Italy, where you said that there was a 20% to 25% growth. Do you see this trend continuing into 2020? And if you expect a kind of help plan from the Italian government to push further this penetration? Thank you. Hi, Stefan. Thank you for the question. Let me take the second one and then I will ask Bernardo to cover the first one and give you more details to what I've already done. Listen,

I think we are very happy with what we're seeing in terms of growth of volumes, in particular on Italian cards. We expect this actually to continue into next year, even if the comparison will become more and more difficult. The reality is that today you still have a little bit of limitations here and there. But honestly, even if we project the fourth quarter of this year, we expect to continue to see a bit of further recovery and potentially therefore volume acceleration. But we're remaining quite optimistic on the outlook. Take into consideration the fact that even if most of the activities are still open, you still have some kind of complexities for some of these activities. Regarding initiatives, I think as we commented in the past, we believe every government will continue to support digital payments because of the many, many positive contributions that it gives to society, the economy, taxation, transparency, and so on and so forth. This government has decided not to stop the cashback, it was the most visible initiative, and because basically it was not a good form of mechanics. And it's obviously fine, as we said in the past, our plans, our expectations are not driven by that. But we said the cashback was a very good initiative, a nice initiative, but it's basically changing the shape of our profile. The good thing is that this government has actually decided and implemented two newer initiatives that are more on the merchant side and therefore are incentivizing the merchants to basically upgrade their shop equipment and the terminals basically. And at the same time, basically for one year, they're also supporting the new-to-cut merchants in terms of giving them the possibility that from their taxes, the commissions that they pay. So a change in direction on cashback, but actually a confirmed belief of the importance of supporting digital payments through, I would say, the merchants. And we are happy to cooperate as much as we can with the government institutions, probably in implementing all of this and continuously provide further ideas and opportunities. Bernardo, do you want to cover the process? On SIA, in terms of the process, there's a bullet point on slide 20, where are we? We're expecting Bafin approval anytime soon. It's a pretty, I would say, administrative process here. There's actually a typo in the presentation. Danish Investment Authorities have approved the transaction, and then we will need to have the prospectus with the pro forma numbers approved by the Pan-Stock Exchange regulators, similarly to what we did with NEDs, and that should happen again somewhere in mid-December. So we now have, I'd say, deal certainty, given that antitrust approval, which was the one where most of the work needed to be done, has been obtained, and we're looking to close at midnight of the 31st of December. That means, going back to your question, we will be consolidating from the 1st of January next year, so you'll have a full year of consolidated numbers for SIA, and we will obviously, as part of this, provide you with comparison numbers for 2021, which includes SIA and NEDs as if we had bought it from the 1st of January of this year. So you will have a same perimeter, and the same will go with the database that Stefania puts on the website. This, by the way, is also true for the UbiBook acquisition, which closed on the 26th of October, but has retroactive effects from the 1st of January, and the same will happen when we close the Alpha Bank deal, which will be in the second quarter of next year. So we will always strive to make sure you have meaningful life-to-life comparison in the same perimeter. But the closing of SIA is midnight this year, so from 1st of January next year, you have the consolidated numbers in the actual accounts. Okay, thank you. I have a quick follow-up on Germany. Did you see any weakness in Q3 compared to what you were expecting? And are you concerned about the rise in number of COVID cases that could probably or potentially have some impact on your fourth quarter? Thank you. Well, I think in Germany, we see it super strong, as you understood, e-commerce in particular, I'd say, and in that area as well. In terms of COVID, yes, I mean, you're right on the fact that in the third quarter, there were still restrictions in Germany more than in the other geographies. There is an index that is actually called the Restrictions Index that is quite telling from this point of view. And Germany was across Europe at the country with still restrictions. And I was there two weeks ago, and you could really feel it. I was there with Bernardo, you could really feel it from the smaller things in hotels to the more visible ones. And this is actually, as we said before, affecting, in particular, I would say the lack of sector, the large merchants where we have, as I said, still an important exposure to the travel industry. And I would say there are two angles that are particularly relevant that are kind of intersecting between international travelers coming in and business travel more broadly. And as you can imagine, while in places like Italy, you have a huge amount of inbound from tourists. So international travelers being tourism in the summer, don't have that many people going to Germany to enjoy the summer. It's actually the other way around. So the traffic there is much more business related, and this is still suffering. But again, said that, we've seen good recovery also there. Listen, on what is happening these days, difficult to comment. Honestly, I think that we need to understand exactly what will happen in terms of measures. I was reading before coming, the new news before coming into this call about cases growing again. But at the same time, the measures that we're thinking about implementing were not really comparable to real lockdowns and stuff like that. I think they were talking about asking the green pass to enter in certain places like restaurants or clubs and stuff like that, which is something that in Italy is already happening. So let's see. I think it's really too early to see. I think the good news is that we have more or less the percentage of people with vaccines are now high and therefore the cases increasing, the impacts on the health of the people is more limited and therefore hopefully the need for restrictions. Thank you very much. The next question is from Hannes Leitner with UBS. Please go ahead. Yes, thanks for letting me on. A couple of questions also from my side. Maybe on the partnership strategy with ISV, maybe you can talk a little bit about the economics there and then also is there geographic kind of statistics around what is currently served by those partners, especially then maybe also breaking down between in-store and online. And then maybe you can give some more color on e-commerce growth for the group. You have stated here e-commerce revenue growth, but it would be helpful to understand also the transaction volume growth. And then just in general, did you see throughout the quarter as it developed some shift between in-store and e-commerce? Hi, Hannes, and thank you for your questions. So let me start from the first one here. Maybe you can follow up more precisely. I think in general, as I said, these partnerships that are happening, I would say, in every single geography, and probably they're actually a bit more new to Italy, even if we are very active, are happening with two types of players. The ones that are, and obviously it really depends on the geography, and let me give you the Italian case, it's probably a more closer one. If you take, there are two types of players. You have the ones that are coming from the ERP systems, the CRM systems, and they are keen to integrate payments, and they're active across merchants from all possible industries, something that products are more specialized for certain industries. And we have been partnering, in some partnerships with the two super key ones. At the same time, you have a bit more development with the ones that we call vertical ones. I don't know, I'll give you an example, Pharmacom, that is serving pharmacies. Just to mention one of them, but what are you talking about? I mean, in Italy, talking about statistics, we have 48 of these partnerships today. Denmark, more than 100. Sweden, more than 100. Norway, almost 100. Finland, more than 100. Germany, more than 100. And so on and so forth. So there are many, many of those. And the economics vary a lot depending on what is the relationship. Some things, the partnerships are more technical integration, so there is not a very specific economic partnership. In some other cases, like the one I was mentioning before, instead, you have a go-to-market initiative. You invest together, you go to market together, and you share the benefits together. So very, very different situations, but also evolving in an important way. As far as, maybe on e-commerce...

As far as e-commerce volume, maybe Bernardo, on the shift, this is a bit more qualitative question, but it's a very important question. If you look at it over the last few quarters, we have not seen any further acceleration of e-commerce in terms of people moving even more from physical to e-commerce. If anything, in some sectors, the opposite direction, and therefore people are keen to go out and shop again in the physical world. I guess obviously because our stores are open again, but more in general, people being keen to go out and socialize and buy and eat in real places. I think that the trend to more e-commerce remains there, but it's interesting because some of the acceleration that we have seen at the beginning of the first period of COVID now is going down a bit in certain cases, reverting a little bit. But again, in general, the trend will continue. Bernardo, do you want to comment on e-commerce? Yeah, sure. I mean, we saw that revenues grow, you know, in the third quarter, grew 36%, 37%, if I remember correctly, from the slide we had in the document. Volume growth was actually approximately 13%, you see it on slide 10 of the document. Within this, clearly SME are growing. LACA suffers from the fact that LACA has an e-commerce component, including travel, high impact, which, you know, has caused it actually to shrink in the quarter. So if you look at LACA without the high impact, it's actually growing 9%. Overall, e-commerce volumes, as I said, are growing 13%, and it's a mix of both. Okay, so it's about 25 billion e-commerce volumes in Q3. Approximately 23. Okay, thank you. The next question is from Sandeep Deshpande with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Thanks for letting me on. I didn't share all the questions, so please excuse me if some of this was asked before. In your Nordics or in your overall business, you're saying that the LACA accounts are lagging behind the recovery compared to the SME accounts. We have seen quite a different effect at players like Adyen. Maybe you can explain why Nexi is different in this regard, especially. And then secondly, instead of explanation, why you think that the DAC regions are lagging so much behind in terms of the recovery in terms of the volumes and thus the revenues itself. Thank you. Thank you for the questions. Listen, on LACA, the dynamic that we're observing is very much driven by the industry mix, and it's very, very clear. I mean, if you net it from the high-impact sectors like airlines, to use a typical example, or travel agencies, and so on and so forth, the overall volumes are growing 9% compared to pre-COVID levels. Actually, even more so in places like Italy. And therefore, you have growth coming back despite the fact that there is still some few restrictions around. I think that the different dynamic that you observe with Adyen is probably driven by two elements. Number one is that they're less exposed to travel sectors, I think more broadly. And number two, you should also consider the fact that they're actually entering new markets and expanding further. If you're pointing precisely on the relative dynamics with a player like them, I go back to what I said before. Clearly, Adyen is a very strong player that we immensely respect, to be very, very clear. We continue to see them successful when they play on global merchants with global CRM systems integrated with a lot of alignment, more limited in-store. And we continue to be successful also against them. Now, instead, you have more local and regional merchants, more locally integrated, that require local assistance and require more specialized solutions and more customized solutions and so on and so forth. When it comes to DAC, there are two elements that explain the dynamics there. And I think it's very visible when you go to page 8 of the presentation where you have the volumes for DAC by macro sector. And as you can see there, on the one side, there is a mix effect. And the mix effect has to do with the fact that NETS, not Germany per se, but NETS was more exposed and still more exposed in terms of mix of sectors to the high-impact sectors in terms of volumes. I'm putting it out in terms of volumes to travel and airlines in particular. This exposure has been diminished over time, but still is a relatively high exposure. And therefore, it is a mix effect in Germany. When you look at the other sectors instead, you see a very strong performance in the basic consumption growing anywhere around 30-40% plus versus 2019. And also the more discretionary products and services sectors coming back to growth. And at page 9 on the right, you see some very visible examples of sectors growing double-digit in that space as well. So I would say it is more driven by exposure to travel in the mix. I would say also, Paolo, that Italian SMEs were underpenetrated. I think there is a structural underpenetration there, which is now closing. Thank you. The next question is from Mohamed Mualala with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Yes, good afternoon. Hi, Paolo. Hi, Bernardo. I had a couple as well. So firstly, just coming back to sort of the progression in the back end of the year, given the EU comparisons, and I think you've kind of grown broadly, broad-based across both CoreNexi and CoreNex, is there kind of essentially your guidance being perhaps a bit more prudent or conservative? And if so, what is the kind of thinking behind that prudence? And then secondly, a question around, again, on sort of competition. And here I just want to nuance it a bit more in that there's clearly an appetite for larger merchants to take kind of more traditional omni-channel. But we also see the likes of sort of Adyen moving in with a kind of platform approach to address the longer tail of the mid-market. Now, what's your sort of strategy to sort of compete against that? And if I kind of nuance that further, you know, the Nordics is a fairly well-penetrated market. And, you know, we have, you know, a number of kind of digital-first players there. So what's your sort of strategy to perhaps defend your position or even kind of grow your business there? And then the last one for Bernardo, when we look at the kind of EBITDA performance, this was quite strong. In terms of sort of the synergy realization at NETS, it seemed like there were sort of mid-teens type cost savings. Could you give us a bit more color around where those savings came from? And as we go forward, what's kind of the path and what are the kind of levers in terms of the synergies that you expect to extract to sort of hit the milestones for the NETS kind of payout to be achieved? Thank you. Hi, Mohamed. Thank you for the questions. We've covered the second and then over to Bernardo. It's a very, very good question. Let me try this here. First of all, LACA, as you understood for the group, is about 5%, a bit less than 5% of total revenues. It's about 9% on total merchants. So it's about 5% to begin with. Nevertheless, we believe it's actually an opportunity for the new Nexty in particular. And to be clear, the competition from players like Adyen is there. As I said before, they are very good. They are more focused on certain markets than others. And I'm sure they will try to move a bit more into markets on smaller players. At the same time, I think the good news is that in those markets, the markets where they're present, they are very international and we're actually investing to be stronger in the camp of omnichannel products and services, omnichannel integration, analytics capabilities, and I would continue. So you will see a nice competitive dynamic where they will try to do it. And we will defend our turf on the back of being local but also scaled up and therefore being able to invest in new products and services. At the end of the day, if you wish, each one of the two of us is as strong and weak at the same time based on our strategies, in a sense that the key strength of players like Adyen is the one platform theme that has many positives, but also a lot of limitations when you have to start playing with the smaller players, more complex players, more integrated players, merchants and in that don't have integrated CRMs, that are less sophisticated, that require a lot of local care and so on and so forth. Our position is the other way around. It's true, we are more complex in terms of technology setup and platform and so on and so forth, but at the end of the day, it makes us quite effective in serving the local needs, in being closer to the customers, being able to integrate effectively with their needs. And for example, segmenting by industry more effectively for what is relevant locally. So I think we will continue to see this dynamic and each one of the two of us will do

its best. I think the good news is that in any case it's a market that is growing. So I'm sure that there will be space for players like Alia and there will be space for players like us and customers will choose depending on what is the prevailing need that they have. Bernardo, just a third. Yeah, so I think going back to also I think James asked a similar question earlier on so I can only go back to what we said earlier. We expect the fourth quarter to be better than the third quarter in terms of top-line growth and that I think with regards to the degree of prudence in this we won't comment on that. Our guidance is our guidance. We're committed to deliver. Hopefully we'll do better but that's what I'm prepared to say on that front. With regard to NETS, as I mentioned earlier, the EBITDA growth in the third quarter for NETS was 19%, 18.8% if I remember correctly. 19% compared to 20% in 2020. I expect that to improve in the fourth quarter of this year. I think that's also implicit in what we had said some time ago how we were aiming to hit an EBITDA for NETS which lies within the earned out range for NETS was agreed with the sellers back at the end of last year. So this growth in EBITDA which is obviously fueled by top-line growth is also aided by the realization of synergies within NETS. And I think that was your question about synergies coming from the NETS integration. Well, those this year are, I would say, in total approximately 10 million euros, mostly CapEx. A small portion of that will be in our fourth quarter numbers. And with regards to NETS, I've already said we're targeting 100 million euros of cash synergies from the three entities approximately. I'd say 60% of that will be P&L synergies and the rest will be CapEx synergies. Okay, thank you. The next question is from Alberto Villa with Intermontesim. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. Thank you for the presentation. I have just one question. It's on the buy now, pay later business. Can you give us some color on the revenues you are generating in this unit, the growth you're expecting, and if you have any thoughts on the strategy on this segment going forward, if you want to expand it or to exit or what's your thought on the opportunity there? Thank you very much. So, Alberto, our strategy in this space is, at the end of the day, to hold. We are happy to have this asset that is called RatePay just to be a specific business operating at the moment in Germany, in Germany only, with potential to expand elsewhere at some point. And it is a buy now, pay later. It is focused on the merchant side. And so they don't have a consumer-facing strategy like the Clarners. They really partner with the merchants. They normally white label and they are the best possible partner for merchants as well. They are successful. The business is growing very rapidly, depending on the quarter. It's anywhere in between 50 and 100%. So I think last quarter was about 70, 75. And it's become a sizable business. We don't provide the details of this, but it's getting bigger and bigger. So we're talking about tens and tens and tens of millions of euros per quarter now. So this is one side of the strategy. At the same time, we also recognize the fact that if you want to – if you have as your core e-commerce strategy, the one of providing a great acceptance to merchants, you all have to be able to provide the relevant, the locally relevant buy now, pay later methods together with other alternative payment methods. And therefore, in our geographies, we're also offering more and more the possibility to use other buy now, pay later methods that we partner with. And I believe this will continue to be the way forward. Now, clearly, the other way around works as well. And therefore, a company like Ratepay, because it's technically a company, is also partnering with other PSPs. So in Germany, they are used by the ad units, the web pays, the PSP ones, the computops, and you name them. So at the moment, we have these two parallel strategies. It is very, very, very clear that going forward, we continue to partner with more and more of them. And we are happy owners of this fast-growing and sizable buy now, pay later asset. Bernardo? Yes. Okay. You said it. Same growth. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Alberto. The next question is from Paul Kratz with Jeffries. Please go ahead. Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Just three questions from my end. I think, firstly, when I look at your NETS figures on the presentation, that excludes volumes from Dang Corp. So it would be helpful if you could maybe give us some color over how kind of the volumes looked, including these figures, and if they differ materially, I guess, from what you presented. The other thing that I'd also be interested in hearing as well is on the GiroCard side, I appreciate it's a minority of your volumes in Germany, but how have the volumes on the GiroCard side trended where historically I think you guys have been actually a share gainer in that market, admittedly off of a relatively low base. And then I guess the final question is a little bit bigger picture, but when we start thinking about capital allocation of the combined entity, I mean, you guys will be able to deliver the business relatively rapidly at the current pace. I mean, is there any kind of updated thoughts you have around potential M&A, whether that switches maybe more towards e-com, maybe looking at assets, for example, like a Computop in Germany to maybe strengthen your presence in e-com? Thanks. Hi, Paul. A good mix of detailed questions and super strategic ones as well. That's great. Listen, on the first two, I think we'll come back to you with a bit more detail if it's important to you. I think in general, on the second one, on GiroCard, we are clearly challenges in that space, and we want to grow in that space. Remember that Concardis is coming from a position where they were mainly acquirers for international schemes, a little bit like what Carta C was in Italy back five years ago, six years ago, and from there they moved over the last year or two into offering the full package. So the terminal and basically acquiring across all schemes, including GiroCard. So I don't have a kind of the numbers, but clearly that space for development. On Bancorp, I think we'll come back to you because obviously we don't have a precise answer. But broadly, instead of capital allocation coming to the very strategic question. Listen, our focus today is really, really, really on getting the three companies together, delivering the synergies, and most importantly, building a stronger and stronger and stronger company for our customers, our people, and our shareholders. Along the way, as we always said, we will continue to consider opportunities, but it's our duty somehow, but we really, really focus on the ones that make absolute sense for us. I think what we've done with Ubi or Alpha Bank is very clear. We'll be looking at other stuff that we didn't do for very good reasons, but it was our duty to look at it. And I think we'll continue to do so going forward. As you can imagine, we cannot talk about specific cases. Taking into account the fact that as we deleverage and we divest, potentially there are also assets that are not core and so on and so forth. I will also consider putting more investments, more organic investments, because there is always this feeling that M&A is easier than massive organic investments. Actually, given where we are as a company, given how much we are keen to invest in geographies such as Germany or in spaces such as e-commerce, that is also another important area of investment. So I believe you will see a portfolio of those, but really our focus today is to deliver in what we have already committed to you. On the... Thank you for giving you a full proper answer on what... Let's probably get to come back to you. Okay, let us come back to you before we give you an answer that is not reliable. Thank you very much. Just maybe one quick follow-up is on the divestment of non-core assets. I mean, how should we start thinking of that? Is that part of a regular portfolio review that you would do on an annual basis? Or are we just talking more about, you know, concessions that would come as a result of antitrust? No, no, no, no. I want to be very clear. Actually, thank you for giving me the opportunity to clarify this. On the antitrust thing, we would have to do because it's a request by the antitrust. But again, it's about a business, it's 6 million euros of revenues, probably 2 or 3 of EBITDA, declining revenues because it's a legacy business, checks and the likes. So it has to do with a divestment strategy. I don't even know how much that is worth. We are doing our own work, but we're talking about a very, very small thing. Instead, what is very much right is the first of the two things you said, that is an ongoing strategic review of our portfolio of assets to make sure that we put

our resources and focus and energy on what is strategic for our future. And instead, we let the other assets to be owned by better owners than us for whom they are strategic. Never forget as a benchmark that before the company was listed actually, we did do five or six M&A deals where we bought stuff. We did do 12 where we sold stuff. So we like to clean as much as possible the portfolio and focus and we'll continue to do it. And some of the businesses, we love them. We would love to continue to have them, but actually it doesn't make sense for them and for us. So I think it's very rational. I think we always need to be very rigorous. We continue to be very rigorous. Look at what, for example, also Nets has done when they sold their corporate services and Eastern Clearing Services to MasterCard. By the way, it's a very interesting and attractive evaluation. And we'll continue to do so. I think it's just discipline. We tried to give you an update on this ideally in February together with the outlook for the new year. That's really clear. Thank you very much. The next question is from Alexander Ford with Exam PNP Paribas. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. Had a couple of questions. One is going back on your sort of own alternative payment methods, PayPal account in Poland or Rapez in Germany. I was wondering if you could go back on the economics of these payment methods and whether they're accretive to your take rate, for instance. And as a side question to that, I was wondering if you view them as differentiating factors to win wallet share with a given account, you know, have you found yourself in a position where you went to a merchant to sell only a rate pay and you ended up selling, you know, a much wider range of services. That'd be my first two-part question. Second question is on Italy this time. I think you mentioned in the past that it's quite a bit of a catalyst to digital payments in Italy, at least on the consumer side. I was wondering if you have your own initiative to perhaps lower acceptance costs for merchants and accompany this transition to digital and new pricing plans, low-cost terminals, any specific initiatives you're pushing as we go into 2022. Thank you. Hi, Alexandra. So I understand APMs are both economics and strategy and Italy. We're doing anything to lower cost for merchants. Well, listen, let me start from the second one around Italy. I think the good news for merchants actually is that prices are structurally going down in our sector. It's absolutely normal because when volumes go up, unitary prices go down. It's almost a law of economics, unless you have monopolies or duopolies, which is not the case in our industry, that is very competitive. The good news is that the combination of volume growth and unitary prices going down is positive, and on top of it, you also have variable service. So prices tend to go down, as has always happened. If you like, the one thing that we're doing more proactively, and this is driven by competitive dynamics, is also to design propositions for the merchants that are newer to these products and services, not the typical new-to-card segment. We are offering a nice entry level, almost try-and-buy type of situation that we believe is important, although it is not necessarily on the rates because a customer that is new to card doesn't know how much they will use. So for them, the barrier to entry is more determinant, and that's where we launched as well the mobile post-terminal that doesn't have a fixed rate per month, but is basically a small one-off depending on the campaign and so on and so forth. It's normally below 50 euros, 49 euros. But again, with a higher merchant fee, and then we upgrade the merchant to a proposition that is more suited for higher volumes. When it comes instead on the APM methods and so on and so forth, let me try to give you the overview, and Fernando can help me and comment a bit better. First of all, economics. Clearly, the economics are very different if you're talking about APMs that you own or APMs that you distribute and you partner with. We should distinguish between account-to-account and buy-now-pay-later for the ones that you own. Buy-now-pay-later has an amazing growth. Profitability-wise, it's actually lower because obviously it comes with a certain cost of risk. It is very much under control, but it's actually material. And by the way, in the specific case, Rapez is also investing in growth, as well as every other player in the industry. I'm sure you've seen the numbers from some of these players, and they are quite explicit about it. Actually, Rapez is profitable. This is good news, but it will keep on investing in growth. Account-to-account is normally more profitable. There is a cost to develop the ecosystem because it's a two-sided business model. You have to sell it to the consumer and sell it to the merchant. Once this ecosystem is developed, normally it comes with a nice variable margin. Instead, when you distribute, you can really have any type of deal, to be honest with you. The more you are the one facing the customer and distributing to the customer, the better the economics are. If it is just a technical integration, then your economics are much lighter. But actually, for some of them, the economics are quite comparable with the ones that we have on cards, to be clear. I cannot give you a specific example because I could, but I cannot in terms of disclosure. But I have in mind at least a couple of examples where the economics are exactly one in Italy and one in another place where the economics are basically the same that we have on cards. From the strategy, I think I'm not sure I understood exactly your question because the communication was not very clear. But if your question is, how do you balance on the strategy when I have a strong APM, do I give it to everybody to expand it or do I monetize it by differentiating myself on the acceptance side? I think that's a very, very, very relevant strategic question that does not have one answer that is always the same by product and by market because it really depends on the specific market dynamics. But again, if I use the example I said before on buy now, pay later, it's quite clear. RedPay is a buy now, pay later acceptance method on basically every merchant, e-commerce merchant, sorry, e-commerce acquire, e-commerce PSP in Germany. Why? Because we have a lower market share and therefore, if we were leaving it only to us, it would be too much of a restriction for the full potential of the product. Maybe in another market with a different starting competitive position of market shares, you go in a different direction. On the margin, yeah. So I think we need to distinguish as Paulo did between account to account and BNPL. Starting with BNPL, we should really think of it as a different product, a different business. So in terms of the margin accretion or the take rate accretion, it really depends where you cut the P&L because there is a cost of risk element there that you have in BNPL but not in account to account. So take rates will be higher but then if you go to the very bottom line right now, obviously, as you've seen in some of the other larger listed also players in the BNPL space, you have the cost of risk element that you need to take into account. Whereas account to account, I think in terms of the top line, you should think of it as being priced in the various geographies in which it's present, more similar to domestic rails but depending on how lean or efficient they are with the margin being similar to what a card acquirer could be in that same market. So in terms of the margins, it shouldn't be diluted. Got it. Thank you. Thanks very much for all the call here. The next question is from Simonetta Kiriotti with Mediobanca. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon. Just a quick question on synergies. During the presentation of the first half results, you mentioned the possibility of increasing synergies by 10% in the long term. Is it something that you are still considering possible? Thank you. So Simonetta, this has a short answer. Yes. Good job. Yes, absolutely. I mean, we've been defining better and better plans. That's the reason why last time we gave you these highlights. This time we're giving you our outlook for next year. We'll continue to do it. We'll continue to update the more we have visibility. To be honest with you, it also goes in phases in the sense that we had, obviously, when we did close the two deals, we had our own view. It was outside in on the opportunities. Then as we're closing the deals, we do a first round of inside out view of the opportunities in the long term. And then we go into the more year by year detailed plans. So this is a little bit what is happening. We'll continue to keep you updated. But the short answer is yes. Thank you. The next question is from Antonin Baudry with HSBC.

Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon everyone and thank you for taking my question. Two if I may. I would like to have your view on the current microeconomic environment and especially inflation. We see inflation coming in the US and certainly in Europe soon. So how do you see inflation impacting your revenue growth? I mean your revenue is partly related to value of transaction at the same time inflation could decrease the number of transactions. So how do you see inflation on your revenue growth? My second question is about M&A. I understand that your focus will be to integrate the two acquisitions you did, but how do you consider evolutions of your model to address adjacent segments like business to business payment, for example? Thank you. Hi Antonin. Let me take the second one on M&A and then I pass over to Bernardo because I'm a poor engineer and an economist, so he can probably give you a much more insightful. Who are we looking at? On M&A I think here we will have to remain focused not only on what we do but also what we consider because also the screening opportunities we're engaging in processes has by itself an organizational cost and we are trying to stay as much focused as we can. I reiterate probably what I said in the past, the two key areas of focus for us where we engage and remain, our priorities remain at the end of the day merchant. First of all, it's mainly merchant services. First one being merchant books, especially in the markets where we are already and on relationships that we already have because for us it's important to follow our banks and their strategies and partner with them. And this is what we've done, for example, on UBI, on AlphaBank as well and so on. And secondary is more broadly e-commerce, both in terms of geographies and also capabilities. And if you wish as an extension to this, we could also consider this world of software that can be effectively integrated with payments. And this small example of Alderberg is a nice one. That does not mean that we go after many of those necessarily. We will look very, very carefully and we really want to defend it before. We do also because given the position in markets, partnerships are also very good and therefore we want to learn more about the business. Clearly e-com and e-commerce, channel and merchant books for us this year. Bernardo? On inflation as well, thanks Pablo for the economist, but giving my 10 cents worth. I don't believe Europe will definitely lag the US and probably not have such a steep increase in inflation even though it's lingering. Our view or my view is that our business is actually geared to benefit from inflation. As you were saying, two thirds of our revenues are volume driven and most of that comes from the value of the transaction. Conversely, our cost base is predominantly fixed and obviously there may be some wage price inflation. Europe tends to be stickier or more resilient than the US on that front, but that should give us some protection. But more importantly, we pay our processing costs on a per transaction basis. So we have a nice spread between revenues growing because of volume growth, thanks to inflation and as you're suggesting, lower transaction numbers with lower processing costs. In addition, on the capital structure front, I mentioned it earlier, I think three quarters of our capital base is, our fixed income capital base is effectively fixed rates. So any inflationary pressure should deflate the value of this debt. So beneficial to us. And in the very short term, I think it's one and a half billion of our liabilities are indexed to your LIBOR, but your LIBOR is quoted at zero. And therefore we have some absorption capacity in that built into our debt structure. So overall, net net my take is that we're net beneficiaries of any inflationary pressures. Thank you. As a reminder, if you wish to register for a question, please press star and one on your telephone. Mr. Bertoluzzi, there are no more questions registered at this time. Do you perhaps have any closing comments? Well, thank you. I think that's a simple comment. Thank you for being with us. Thank you for the many important questions I lived across numbers, outlook and strategies. Well, I think it's important to have always that at the core as well. Again, simple messages for us are continuing the volume recovery across all geographies. I think this is really important strategically, not just financially for us. A good, strong financial performance across the board in revenues and margin as well. And last but not least, that we continue to progress in the group coming together to have a stronger company for the future across the board. So thank you very much and looking forward to seeing many of you over the next few days and weeks and hopefully in person. And it's great to see that some of the meetings are starting to be in person again. Thank you very much. Enjoy the rest of the day.

