 Good afternoon. This is the Corusco Conference Operator. Welcome and thank you for joining the NEXI third quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Should anyone need assistance during the conference call, they may signal an operator by pressing star and zero on their telephone. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paolo Bertoluzzo, CEO of NEXI. Please go ahead, sir. Good morning. Good morning to everybody on this call. And thank you for joining us in our third quarter results session. As usual, I'm here with Bernardo Mingru, our CFO, and Stefania Mantegast, who is leading investor relations. But we have also a few other colleagues connected and here with us in case is needed. As usual, I will start giving you a little bit of an update on where we see the volumes going and evolving on the back of the evolution of COVID. And I will also give you a short business update with focus on merchant services. Then I will hand over to Bernardo, who will cover financial results. I will come back to give you a quick update on where we are in creating the European Pay-Tech Leader and bringing the new group together. And obviously, I will conclude commenting on guidance that, as you know, has been confirmed for the full year already. Before I go in, let me remind to everybody, this is the first time for us in presenting the aggregated numbers of NEXI and NET. Last time, you may remember, Bernardo gave you an overview of what Proforma, the profile of the new group, would have looked like to kind of introduce the topic. This time, we are reporting integrated NEXI and NET. We will cover the performances by region, which will give you an indication of how things are going. We'll probably make a few more comments on the standalone performances. But, as I said, we are reporting for the first time in an integrated way. And then, at the end of the presentation, we'll have time, as always, for your questions. Now, let me start, as usual, with key messages. This is at page three. The three messages basically are reinforcing the same three messages we had over the last couple of quarters. Number one, we observed continued volume recovery and acceleration across the various geographies. In Italy, we continue to see a strong volume performance with Italian cards growing anywhere in between 20% to 25% versus 2019. That, again, I remember to everybody, is always our benchmark here because it was pre-COVID here. Next to Italy, we've seen also a good recovery in the Nordics. That came back to positive over the last few weeks as a total, with some strong performances across many sectors. The DAF region is still recovering, not back to the previous level at full, but actually seeing a strong basic consumption growth. And also, more recently, we've seen the discretionary sector coming back to positive here. The travel sector impact that for our business there is still relevant in volumes is the one that is still behind, although recovering. Third point, we see an acceleration stronger in SMEs than in LACA. This has to do also with the different profiles of the different sectors in terms of mix of SMEs and LACA, but we believe this is really positive for our positioning and for the outlook as well. And last but not least, we continue to see clear signals of acceleration of cash to digital payment transition across all sectors and visible in all geographies, also the ones that are already more penetrated. Message number one. Message number two, also in the third quarter, we've seen a strong and growing financial performance. Revenues for the group were up 10.1% in the quarter in acceleration versus the previous two quarters for a total of 9.6% in the nine months. We've seen, in particular, strong revenue growth performance in financial services and solutions for both NECS and NECS at very similar levels, plus 12.2% for the total in the third quarter, 10.6% year to date. And again, here you see an acceleration. E-commerce revenues were pretty pretty strong at plus 32% despite the fact that the travel-related sectors are still affected by COVID. EBITDA in the quarter was up 14.6%, up 12.3% from the beginning of the year with continued margin expansion that in the third quarter was at 53%, up to percentage points versus last year. Third message, we continue to progress in the creation of the European pay-tech leader. SIA has reported, again, strong standalone performance and will comment on a dedicated page. As you know, we have received the antitrust approval on October 14th on the combination of NECS and SIA, and the closing is now expected by year-end. In the meantime, we have closed the deal with Intesa on the Ubi merchant book. Yesterday, we have also signed the deal with Alphabank to create a joint venture in merchant services field in Greece, closing is expected at some point in the second half, probably the second quarter of – sorry, in the second half, probably the second quarter of next year. And last but not least, we made a small but actually strategic investment for our future in a company called Orderbird, and is the leading DAC commercial software solution for the hospitality sector, present also in other geographies. It's a small investment, talking about 16 million euros. We have increased our ownership from 20% – we were already there – to 40% with a clear path to control, and we are very happy for this because it's the first real SMO test for us in entering in a deeper way the software space, especially for SMEs, starting from Germany. This is a very strategic market for us, and expanding in other places as well. On the back of all of this, we have confirmed our ambition for 2021 on a Nexinets combined level. Revenues, we expect them to grow at about 10% year-over-year, and EBITDA, we expect EBITDA to grow at 11% to 13% year-over-year. Now, before I go into volumes, let me jump to page five. As a quick reminder, this is the new profile of the group. We have a group that sees about 60% of the revenues in merchant services and solutions with a strong exposure to e-commerce. 29% is what we call carbon digital payments, and the remaining 10% in what we call digital banking and corporate solutions. Second, the group is highly, highly exposed to markets with super strong and very, very long-term and secular growth opportunity in digital payments. 71% of our revenues are in low-penetration markets, such as Italy, such as Germany, such as the Central European ones and Southern European ones. Number three, 64% of our revenues are coming from volume, and there's 36% from installed or installed-alike type of revenue. And last one, at least, we have a very strong operating leverage. Now, let me jump into volumes, and we'll cover Italy first, and then I will also give you an highlight on what we see happening in the other key geographies. Page number six is the usual page. The dark blue line is the total here. We're focusing on merchant services where we have more insights, and therefore, the dynamics are more interesting. The dark blue line is the total. The lighter blue one is actually on Italian cards. The gray one is on international cards, and therefore, visitors to Italy. Here you see that after the summer, we continue to basically grow revenues compared to 2019, anywhere in between 10% to 20%, sometimes also above 20%. And here, there is a clear, strong contribution from Italian cards that have been growing anywhere in between 20% to 30% over the last few months. I would say particularly interesting is also the dynamic in the international visitors' cards. Here you see that we had a very, very fast recovery in the summer leading to August, where we went back to the levels of pre-COVID, mainly driven by European visitors with Americans and Asians being still not present or present in a very limited way. Then, with the slowdown again, but then the strong recovery over the last few weeks, this dynamic is probably explained by the fact that the touristic side of international travel is recovering fast. People are really keen to travel as soon as they can do it. Well, actually, the business traveler dynamic is still behind, and therefore, depending on the moment of the season, probably we will continue to see these dynamics happening. Hopefully, the recovery of October is also due to the fact that we had less restrictions also for business travelers. So, it's a combination of business travelers coming a bit back, and actually holidays in some countries in Europe in the latter part of October as well. Jumping to Pitch 7, we have the usual split by macro sectors. This is the total, so this is not separating Italian cards versus international cards, and therefore, the sectors are also affected by the dynamic that I was explaining before. Here we see very strong continued growth in the basic consumption sectors like groceries, utilities, medical, and so on and so forth, growing anywhere around 30%, 30%, 34%, 37% in the last week. And we see the other two sectors now moving kind of similarly, anywhere in between, I would say, 5% to 10% year-over-year with a super strong recovery, I would say, definitely faster than expected, in particular in the high-impact sectors, and I would say, in particular, in restaurants and bars. So, this is the dynamic we're observing in Italy. We'll come back in a moment to give you a bit more insight on specific subsectors, because I think it's interesting. On page 8, we see instead the dynamics, we observe the dynamics in the Nordic area and in the Dak region. If you just take the total, if you just take the total before going into the subsectors space, we have observed a plus 12% growth in October across both, across the net, if you like, geographies, 12% growth of our SMEs versus 2019. In LACA, instead, we're still behind, but actually, if you strip out the effect of the impact consumption sectors growing as well, plus 8%, last month, at least, we also see a good recovery in Ishringer, now growing 5% in net geographies, and basically, these are mainly relating to the Nordics. As we're talking about the Nordics, here you see in the top graph, the dynamic Nordics have been back to positive from September and actually growing further in October. As a total, they've been growing 7% versus 2019 in terms of volumes. Actually, the last week, it was actually double-digit with 12%. Very strong and continued performance on the business consumption sectors, above 30%, actually 45% in the last week. The discretionary consumption sector, trending a bit slower, but now close to zero, and a good recovery over the last few months, also for the high-impact sectors over the last month at minus 1%. Last but not least, in the DAC region, and here, most of the volumes are actually associated to Germany. Here, you see a continued strong performance of growth in the basic consumption sectors. You see, actually, discretionary services going back to a positive 8% last week, 2% in October versus 2019. Here, the sector that is still behind is actually the one that is related to travel. And here, in Germany, you know, this is an important impact on the total mix, and this is one of the reasons why, the key reason why, actually, Germany is still behind compared to 2019 volumes. So, this is the total picture, page 9, a bit more into the specific sectors to reinforce the point that I think we made over the last many calls. I would say that we have been observing, underneath these COVID-related dynamics, a very strong acceleration of the transition from cash to digital payments, not only in underpenetrated markets like Italy, but also in more penetrated markets like the Nordics. And here, you see at page 9, a few examples here with the pick from top to bottom, the top 8 sectors per market. Some of them may be less relevant inside, but here, you see, actually, also very relevant sectors. Think of the restaurants and bars in Italy, 34% growth, or groceries, 25% growth, nicely growing, all double digits next to some very special ones like doctors at 82%, for example. Nordics, similarly, groceries, 25% versus 2019. Again, for a market that we tend to believe that is already highly penetrated, is a big positive, in our opinion. And then you see some more specialized and smaller sectors, such as, for example, cosmetic or hardware growing at 40%, 59%, and so on. Last but not least, also in the DAC region, groceries are 49%. Also, restaurants, despite some limitations being still in place, 13%, and many other sectors growing double digits, with actually the department stores growing triple digits, but I would look at it with a lot of sympathy that is probably not the benchmark for the other sectors, at least not for now. So, this is basically the picture in terms of volumes. Before I end over to Bernardo to cover financial results, I would like to dive with you for a few minutes on the dynamics and the key initiatives that we are observing, in particular in merchant services that, as you know, is more than half of our revenues and is always up here, focused not just for us, but also for you and for investors more broadly. And here we try to give a little bit of a feeling of what we are doing in the different segments. And we'll be covered by SMEs that represent almost 60% of our revenues in merchant services. E-com, that represents about 25%, and also LACA, that is a bit less than 10% of total revenues. If you're asking yourself why those are up to 100%, the reason is that there is a 7% that has to do with acquiring ATMs, as we call it cash, and that is not allocatable to any segment. For simplicity reasons, we have allocated post-terminals revenues to SMEs, because most of it is really SMEs. Now, going one by one, in SMEs, we see a strong acceleration on our digital proposition in Germany, positive results in Germany, on the back of the very positive results we had in the Nordics, as well as in Italy, we are promoting more and more the mobile post proposition for new to merchant subsector. At the same time, we are very successfully pushing on vertical propositions in the specific sectors. We've started in Italy with dedicated go-to-market for very narrow verticals, for example, restaurants, cafes, hotels, retail, and so on and so forth, where we package very often from the distribution, go-to-market point of view, but sometimes also pricing and product itself, and this is really hitting the ground well with customers. At the same time, we are increasing our focus on ISVs, and more in general, the software space. And here, basically, the two things we are doing on the one side, we are expanding our partnerships across all geographies, I would say, with ISVs. And if you count them across the board, would you count them, actually, for this call, it's actually more than 500 partnerships in the ISV space. And there are a mix of partnerships with local leaders on merchants, CRM, and ERP softwares, for example, Team System, I need to just mention one, and many, many, many, many smaller, much smaller vertical specialists that very often are local companies as well. And we normally partner, we do technical integration with some of them, we do also go-to-market together. As anticipated, now with other birds, we're going one level deeper, as now we will integrate more on the proposition side as well, and we will test it in one segment in one market to expand it further as we go along. And in the S&E segment, basically, we have not seen any major news in terms of competitive dynamics. We know, I mean, we discussed it in the past, that we have important competition in the new-to-digital payments segment, the smaller merchants that have started to use digital payments for the first time, in particular in Italy, in particular, it's also in Germany, from basically one player that is Samapa. They're actually successful in the market in winning a number of customers, but actually the value associated with these customers, even the size of them, is normally very small. We have also increased in Italy our focus in that segment, and we're actually quite successful. We have doubled our acquisition volumes, but we're also focusing in winning back these customers as they grow, and when they need a proposition that is more structural and more complete. This is it in terms of SMEs. The volumes across our geographies were up about 14% in the fourth compared to the same quarter, 2019. E-commerce, which represents about 25% of our revenues in merchant services, is seeing a lot of dynamics, a lot of new players coming, some of them going as well, to be honest with you. And, by the way, this is a sector where we have a new segment and new propositions emerging as well. We may be talking more about it in our Q&A sessions, but let me give you a flavor of what we are doing here. First of all, when it comes to the more PSP-like type of proposition for the acceptance propositions, we are launching easy in Germany after a pretty good success in the Nordics as a collecting PSP proposition. At the same time, we are extending our PSP proposition in terms of capability in Italy. It's called XPay, and we are extending this proposition also on the back of the experience and the capabilities that we have in net, for example, in one-three checkouts and cart pre-onboarding. In the nine months, our e-commerce activations in Italy have been up 70% compared to the same period two years ago, just to give you a flavor. At the same time, we are seeing a lot of activity in the alternative payment method space. Here, our angle is twofold. We know we own alternative payment methods, and at the same time, we partner with third-party payment methods to make them available through our gateways to our merchant customers. If you focus for a moment on account-to-account propositions, we actually have a very strong position, a successful position both in Poland and Finland, and they're growing very, very strongly. At the same time, we are onboarding more and more account-to-account solutions to our gateways, for example, BancomatPay in Italy. Similarly, in Buy Now Pay Later, we have a very strong proposition called Rate Pay in Germany. We own that proposition. That proposition is growing very, very strongly. But again, it is a proposition that is made available not only through our gateway solutions in Germany, but also to basically every other national and international PSP active in the country. At the same time, in the other geographies, we are partnering more and more with third-party buy-now-pay-lator providers, because at the end of the day, as a PSP, we must be able to offer all possible payment methods to our merchant customers in order to allow them to basically maximize their conversion rates at checkout. Last but not least, we continue to strike partnerships with e-commerce enabler platforms across all markets. We have about – actually, we have more than 10 partnerships across the group. Many of them are with players that are present in more than one market. Today, we cover about 76% of the red-air market. Today, e-commerce enablers cover, across our geography, about 10% of the volumes. They basically serve the tiniest – the micro-merchants, the micro-SMEs in e-commerce. We cover through technology, integration, and in certain cases, also go to market partnership, 76% of that. Again, here, volumes are growing 13% despite now – the travel-related sector still being suffering. The reason why the growth rate of revenues is actually well above 30% is because when it comes to account-to-account and, by now, pay-later solutions that we own, the growth rate is very, very strong and it's contributing to the total growth. Last but not least, the LACA segment represents about 9% of our total revenues in merchant services. Here, we don't see any major news in terms of competition. Obviously, we continue to see active, very active players like Agian in very specific segments that are basically segments of the global brands, in particular, I would say, in luxury and in fashion. To be very clear, we continue to compete successfully and win in the sectors that instead are more local in nature, such as, for example, food retail, household goods, mobility, insurance, public administration, and so on and so forth. Basically, we win and continue to win where the physical component of the omni-channel solutions is actually relevant for these companies, where they need the complex needs in terms of terminals and terminals acquiring acceptance integration, where the local integration with local payment methods is important, where the vertical sector integration is important, where customization is important. You know, at the end of the day, no, that's the core of what we do, thanks to our local entrenchment. And here, we continue to serve successfully not only the local large merchants, but also global brands that are present in market with the characteristics that I just described. So, across our geographies, we cover and serve merchants such as, for example, IKEA, Sky, Decathlon, Vodafone, Zara. I mean, names that are clearly international names, but require very specific local support, integration, and delivery. Now, before I move on, let me use one example of something that we have announced yesterday. It is actually today's small, but I think it is also a good example of what we see as the core of the nature of the new NAICSI group. I think we said in the past, in many one-to-one conversations, that at the end of the day, our strategy is quite simple. We want to combine the scale that is necessary to drive hard innovation, digital innovation in particular, and we understand competence is important, investments are important, and therefore, we need to scale. So, we want to remain competitive with the global players, specialized players, when it comes to product proposition innovation. But at the same time, we also want to be very, very locally entrenched, thanks to our people, thanks to the ecosystem integration that we have in the different geographies. And one simple example of this, on top of the many I've given to you over the last few minutes, is to do with the product we launched yesterday. It's called Pago in Conto. It's translatable as a pay-by-account. It is a very nice product because it is an account-to-account payment product that we are making available to begin with in e-commerce, but will be available also on omni-channel solutions for LACAs and SMEs as well. This is actually integrating many capabilities that we have in NAICSI, not only in merchant services, but also in the payment space, in the open banking space. Now, to deliver a solution that we are making available to our PSP merchant customers, and I would believe progressively also to other PSPs that want to operate in Italy. And this solution is basically leveraging open banking enablement that we provide, because we are the provider of the open banking system for Italy, our capability in this space, plus our local licenses, plus our local integration, plus our local capabilities on the e-commerce side. And basically, a merchant can offer the opportunity to its own customer to pay by the bank account without pre-registering on anything, because thanks to open banking, the customer will find a click button on the checkout page. We click on the button. And then, basically, the page of the bank will open. The customer will identify himself with the standard identification method of the bank, and the transaction will happen, because it will be pre-ready filled on the different components of the transaction itself, and the reconciliation will happen automatically. Again, it is a small thing, but I believe it gives you an idea of what it means, not having global scale, but also being locally entrenched and integrated. Clearly, this is targeting not necessarily the small transaction, but actually the large transaction, because being paid by account, you can take, for the moment, up to 15,000 euros per transaction, and going forward even more. Let me now end over to Bernardo. Sorry for taking a bit more time here, but I really wanted to try and give you a flavor of what is happening in this space. Bernardo. Thanks, Paolo. So just, we'll try and be quick here, so we leave as much space as possible for Q&A. Starting on slide 12, we've seen how revenues have grown approximately 10% in the quarter and 10% for the nine months. As Paolo said earlier, this is how what we discussed in terms of volumes and in terms of the business updates translates into the financials. I think it's important to underline how growth in revenues was very similar, both Nets and Nexi. I guess that's the message I would like to leave you with. In terms of EBITDA, we can see there's been a two-percentage point accretion year-on-year in the quarter, and the same applies if you look at the nine months. Most of this accretion actually comes from Nets. We have less of an accretion this year on Nexi, as we've discussed in the past, due to the fact that we're unwinding or, let's say, coming out of last year, we have the effect of certain costs, the cost-cutting exercise we had last year, which impacts our growth in costs in Nexi this year, as expected. So two percentage points accretion, which is in line with our expectations. On slide number 13, we see how the various geographies performed. Italy, Italy, a strong performance in the quarter with 12% growth accelerating compared to 12%, sorry, versus 2019 accelerating compared to 8% we had in the first nine months. So, again, good signs of recovery from COVID. Dachlan, Poland had even stronger growth. We have close to 18% growth for nine months, 19% if you look at it in the quarter. Actually, Germany growing more than Poland, thanks to the strong exposure we have in Germany to e-commerce and BNPL, which Paolo also referred to earlier. In the Nordics and Southeastern Europe, a slightly different dynamic. Again, there is less exposure, I would say, to e-commerce compensated in Germany and Poland for the slow recovery in terms of coming out of the lockdown in some of the geographies NETS is present in. Plus, as we will see later, the effect in the Nordics of the, as we had mentioned in the past, the fact that we have renegotiated the last major contract at NETS, and that has hit us in 2021. Moving on to the various divisions on Site 14, we have Merchant Services and Solutions, where we've had a very strong quarter with double-digit revenue growth across the group, and this is true, as I said, both at NETS and NETS level. NETS has proved to be extremely resilient in all its geographies. We can see that transactions have recovered very nicely throughout the group. In Italy, we have 15% year-in-year growth for the nine months, and this was only partially offset by slightly slower growth in some of the other geographies due to the different phasing of lockdown. I think it's important to underscore how e-commerce is continuing to grow nicely. We have 37% growth in the third quarter this year, 32% if you look at the nine months, and this is also sustained, as I said earlier, through a strong performance in Germany and Poland. Just a word of explanation with regards to a trend which in the past has been different in terms of the growth in volumes of international schemes, which is lower than the overall volume growth. This is due to a factor in Italy of domestic debit cards now being able to transact, contactless, transacting on the domestic scheme rather than the international schemes, and this has caused this inversion of the trend. On slide 15, we can see the data for cards and digital payments. Even in this division, we have good revenue growth with good volume recovery. Here, the volume recovery, as you can see, is what we're more used to, where the trend I highlighted earlier of the shift to domestic debit in Italy on contactless transactions is more than offset by the fact that we are moving some of our – or we're progressively moving our domestic debit cards into international debit cards, which fuel the growth in international schemes. But overall, we have strong growth in the quarter also in cards and digital payments. Slide 16, we can see how DBS, or Digital Banking Corporate Solutions, as it's now called, performed in the nine months. This, we've discussed this in the past, is a division in which project-related revenue, which is recurring by nature even though it's not contractualized, but every year we have project work for our partner banks mainly in the various geographies, has been, from a seasonality perspective, present in our P&L more in the first half of the year. Hence, the deceleration you can see from 11% to 5%, so 11% for the first nine months and 5% for the last quarter. Overall, I would say that performance has been in line with our overall expectations. Maybe in Italy, we have had a bit of a slowdown, which will also impact us, you know, has impacted us this year on Montelipasque as they were discussing a potential transaction with Unicredit. That is no longer the case, so hopefully we'll recover some of the lost revenues there in 2022. Slide 17 shows us the cost dynamic. I think it's important to look at the comments we put into the side of this slide, where we try and give you a picture of what the cost dynamics really look like if we normalize for last year. I mentioned earlier that in NEXI we had – I reminded you that next year we had a cost containment program, which was 100 million euros of cash cost cut last year to protect our P&L and our cash flow. This unwinds this year, and hence we have a bounce back of tools on bearable compensation, a bounce back of travel expenses and the likes. If we normalize for those, you know, I'd say two items in HR costs, for instance, the overall HR costs would actually be flat year on year. There is some slight, let's say, increase due to the annualization of people that were hired last year. But overall, basically flat HR costs if we normalize for a variable comp. With regards to other non-HR costs, these will be up 1.4% if we normalize for the growth in volume. So effectively, you know, obviously revenues are growing. We've seen a double digit. Our cost base grows by 1.4%, showing if we take out the growth in volume-driven processing costs, testament to the fixed nature of most of our cost base. With regards to, let's say, the net debt position of the group, we should look at it with SIA, or at least I look at it with SIA included. We have received antitrust approval, and Power will speak to this in a second. But basically, you know, now we have deal certainty. If we look at the combined numbers, both of net debt and EBITDA, so adding on to our last 12 months, EBITDA also CES 327 million euros of EBITDA for the last 12 months, and we include CES 820 million euros of net debt. Our overall ratio is 3.6 times leverage, which is three times if we include also runway synergies, which we announced as part of this transaction. And this we expect to unwind pretty quickly and de-leverage with the profile we highlighted at the announcement. Just a reminder that three-quarters of our indebtedness is fixed rate, so moving into, let's say, a potentially higher rate environment, I think we feel pretty comfortable with regards to our capital structure. So that said, I will pass the floor back on to Paolo, so he can take us through the M&A update in closing remarks. Thank you, Bernardo. Page 20, a quick update on CES. CES reported over the last few days the results for the quarter. The revenues were up 9.3 percent, and EBITDA was up 12.9 percent, so very close to the rest of the group performance. Year-to-date results are even higher than this. I think as we anticipated at the beginning of the conversation around CES, first half of the year is a bit richer than the second half, basically due to phasing and very specific events, nothing to do with underlying. As far as the closing agenda is concerned, as you know, the Italian Antitrust has approved the deal on October 14th. There were remedies specifically in the areas that are connected to national products, and this is something consistent with what our expectations were, which I believe is very much correct. In terms of remedies, there is only one of them that is structural, and this remedy has to do with what I would call the national clearing, non-SEPA clearing. To be precise, the size of that business is about 6 million euro of revenues full year, about 2 to 3 of EBITDA, more or less, with, by the way, revenues declining, because we are talking about products such as, for example, checks. We will be obviously implementing, we're working to implement these remedies as we speak, and we expect to close by the end of the year. We still have 2 or 3 autorizations missing, but they tend to be either a bit more technical or, in any case, due at the end of the process, such as, for example, the Italian Stock Exchange Regulator for the approval of the prospectus. And everything else is in line in terms of preparing for the execution of the closing within this time frame. On page 21, you have a bit broader update on what is happening on the various fronts. You may remember, we did tell you in the past, we were structuring our transformation plan on different work streams, and so on and so forth. A quick update on the technology side. Basically, we already have a one new group technology plan, and we already started to execute around some areas, for example, CapEx saving the duplication, pulling together group digital delivery under one hub, optimizing infrastructure, ready to execute processing platform consolidation as soon as we close SIA and many other areas of initiatives. As far as instruction and operation action is concerned, we have already started to optimize to novel management in the HR side, and we are ready to execute the full integration of next SIA in Italy, while there are many other operational excellence initiatives already ongoing. As far as procurement is concerned, we start working on this a few months back, and we have a very detailed plan defined, and we have already close to close already 12 strategic negotiations, and as far as revenue synergies are concerned, we touch on a few of them before VOTS teams are already working together, starting from the lower-ending fruits. And even on the SIA side, we did use a clean team approach to prepare a very detailed commercial plan to be able to go out as soon as we close in-up selling, selling more products and services to our customers in Italy to begin with. All in, we expect to have synergies for about 100 million euro of cash for next year. An important part of this is CapEx, as you can imagine is one of the areas where it's easier to optimize and faster to optimize, but we're progressing on all initiatives. Here, I'm talking about 100 million euro of cash synergies in the year, and therefore, obviously, the exit rate would be much higher than that. Let me now move to page 23. I'll be short. We are basically simply confirming the guidance that we gave you last time when we talked for the first time about the new aggregated group. This is valid, obviously, for NEXI and NET, and I just remember that we did upgrade our guidance at quarter one results when we were talking about NEXI only, and we're now confirming all of this. 10%, about 10% revenue growth in the year, about 11% to 13% EBITDA growth with margin expansion, both versus 2021, 2020, and even more, 2019. It was a more normal year, about 3 percentage points, both to 2019. Broadly stable CapEx intensity ratio with anticipation of the M&A synergies. And last but not least, as Bernardo showed you, continued cash flow generation and progressing the leveraging over the long run, starting from a new level that is exactly in line with what the plan was, with what we did announce when we did sign the deals with SIA and NEXI. So page 24. I will now go through all of it again. Key messages for today. Continued recovering acceleration of volumes across all geographies with clear signals of acceleration of cash to digital payments across, again, all geographies. Very strong financial performance with double-digit revenue growth in the quarter and further margin expansion as well, and a particularly strong performance in merchant services and solutions. And last one, at least, progressing according to our plan and marching ahead in putting the new group together as a combination of NEXI, NET, and SIA. And last but not least, as I just said, I've confirmed the ambition for the full year. I'll stop there and open up for your questions. Excuse me. This is the Coruscall conference operator. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. To remove your staff from the question queue, please press star and two. Please pick up the receiver when asking questions. Anyone who has a question may press star and one at this time. The first question is from Sebastian Stabowicz with Kepler-Schevre. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hello, everyone, and thanks for speaking the question. So I know it is a bit too early to provide any precise indication for 2022, but I'm just wondering if you could help us a little bit understand the dynamic behind yourself and your margins moving into 2022. We are seeing DASH or Nordics gradually recovering. Is it reasonable to assume a kind of acceleration of the trends moving into next year? And the second question would be more on a competitive landscape to understand a little bit what is happening in your main market, Italy. We discussed a couple of times competitive landscape, but on your new markets like Nordics or DASH, who do you see usually in those markets, and do you see any fast-growing acquires in those markets moving from online to in stores and trying to compete on the SMBs, or is it not already the case? Thank you. Sebastian, thank you for the questions. So, listen, 2022, we'll talk about guidance for 2022 in February. That's when I'm afraid to give you our view for the year. I think when we said, when we did announce these, we said that our ambition was to obviously increase the speed of growth of the company on a larger and more resilient perimeter. Our previous, pre-COVID, if you wish, guidance was 5% to 7% of revenues, and I remember 13% to 16% of EBITDA. Our plan is to do obviously better than that on the back of the new context and the new group profile. Then every single region has its own dynamics. Clearly, we see it as we are preparing the budget, as you can imagine. We're actually having, in terms of volumes, good expectations from the Nordics. But then there are many other specific dynamics that have to do with specific contracts, specific areas of investment, so on and so forth. So I would really prefer to wait and give you more detailed commentary when we come to February within a broader picture. But I believe that what we are observing as we speak and the data that I did show you in terms of specific individual sectors are confirming that we see growth potential in the Nordics as well on top of obviously Italy or Germany and obviously places like Poland or Central or Eastern Europe. Listen, when it comes to the dynamics in the other markets, I think that in the other markets we are seeing a little dynamics that I mentioned before. I mean, in the ASME space you see these nuances, but to be honest with you, it's really more some map we don't see for the moment in our geographies other players becoming more visible or more aggressive. So this is a competition that we know and is very much focused on new to cards segments. In the commerce space you tend to see a little bit the same players around, I mean, the Stripes and the PayPals and the alike I would say no major new dynamic there. Clearly, Stripes are making more inroads with smaller merchants on the back of the strong partnership that they have in Shopify or in the markets where Shopify is strong, but as I said before now we're also strengthening our position for the partnerships with the other content management systems and e-commerce enablers and when it comes to LACA I would say a bit more more of the same of what I said before. So I didn't be more present and in general international acquirers being present but nothing really major. as you know by now it's becoming a bigger phenomenon and we're actually benefiting from that ourselves with rate pay. Klarna is becoming more active in the Nordics and I would say in Germany as well. You know it's particularly successful in Sweden where honestly we're not very exposed as we discussed in the past. When it comes to online players moving more in store in particular SMEs to be honest with you for the moment we don't see a lot of movement. You don't have yet any particularly successful case of other PSPs or account to account providers or by now provider providers in SMEs. SMEs space which is actually as you're seeing the majority of our revenues in merchant services remains a very very specific space. It's very local is very still very much connected with banks requires a lot of specific attention and the more we segment the more we realize that because even more local somehow. So I would say nothing really new from that angle. Thank you Bolo. The next question is from James Goodman with Barclays. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. Thank you very much. Just looking into the fourth quarter firstly you've reiterated clearly the guidance for the year 10% growth. Previously you specified an H2 growth to get there I think 11-13% and obviously you can do the calculation around Q4 but I guess my question is is it fair to expect an acceleration perhaps across all your geographies into Q4? I mean we've got a weaker comparative base I think in the Italian business and Q there's the progressive reopening across the Nordics but particularly DAC I mean given the travel exposure that you have there that's the first question and then maybe to sort of follow up on the EBITDA for the quarter and for the outlook can you make a comment just on I mean we can see the revenue I suppose more or less for next year net for the quarter but can you just make a comment on the EBITDA performance between next year and next for the quarter and as we look out to the full year there I mean you're sort of in the middle of your 11-13% range at the moment but depending on what you say about revenues for Q4 is there any reason to expect EBITDA not to sort of grow similar to revenues in the fourth quarter thank you hi James this is Paulo Bernardo you want to think yeah sure so the question on the fourth quarter is and I would say it's a difference between our guidance and where we are on the third quarter so as you said the math is pretty easy what we can say is that we expect the fourth quarter revenue growth to accelerate compared to the third quarter and this is primarily driven by merchant services performance which is strong in the fourth quarter and stronger if you want in the third quarter overall for the year though I would take what Paulo said with regards to overall guidance which is to grow revenues double digit the second question you asked was on EBITDA growth for Nexin Nets is that right yeah just in the quarter EBITDA between the two businesses and yeah the relationship in the fourth quarter between revenue and EBITDA yeah so in the third quarter EBITDA as you said when we discussed the margin accretion came primarily from the growth at Nets right where we had a significant step up from second quarter to third quarter 19% growth in EBITDA I think that's what we would like to stick to for now in the comment the fourth quarter EBITDA performance having said that we confirm guidance where you have a guidance for EBITDA growth as well great thank you the next question is from Stefan with Odo please go ahead yes good afternoon first of all I'd like to ask an update maybe on the on the process if you have any view on when you will start to consolidate CI into the group and the second question is also regarding Italy where you said that there was a 20 to 25% growth do you see this trend continuing into 2020 and if you expect kind of help plan from the Italian government to push further this beneficent thank you hi Stefan and thank you for the question let me take the second one and then I will ask Bernardo to cover the first one and give you more details to what I've already done listen I think we are very happy with what you're seeing in terms of growth of volumes in particular on Italian cards we expect this to continue into next year even if the comparisons become more and more difficult the reality is that today you still have a little bit of limitations here and there but honestly even we project the fourth quarter this year we expect to continue to see a bit of further recovery and potentially therefore volume acceleration but we remain quite optimistic on the outlook taking into consideration the fact that even if most of the activities are now open you still have some kind of complexities for some of these activities of these activities going to initiatives I think as we commented in the past we believe every government will continue to support digital payments because of the many positive contributions that it gives to society the economy taxation transparency and so on and so forth this government has decided not to basically stop the cashback that was the most visible initiative and because basically it was not convinced on some of the mechanics and it's obviously fine as we said in the past our plans our expectations are not driven by that we said the cashback was a very good initiative but now basically changing the shape of our profile the good thing is that this government has actually decided and implemented two more to newer initiatives that are more on the merchant side and therefore they're incentivizing the merchants to basically upgrade their shop equipment and the term basically and at the same time basically for one year they're also supporting new to cap merchants in terms of giving them the possibility to that from their taxes the commissions that they pay so changing the action on cashback but actually a confirmed belief of the importance of supporting digital payments through I would say the merchants are happily cooperating with as much as we can with the government institutions but broadly in implementing all of this and continuously provide further ideas and opportunities Bernard do you want to cover on SIA in terms of the process there's a bullet point on slide 20 where are we we're expecting Bafin approval anytime soon it's pretty I would say administrative process here there's actually a typo in the presentation Danish investment authorities have approved the transaction and then we will need to have the prospectus with the pro formula numbers approved by stock exchange regulators similarly to what we did with NETS and that should happen again somewhere in mid December so we now have I'd say deal of certainty given that antitrust approval which was the one where most of the work needed to be done has been obtained and we're looking to close at midnight of the 31st of December that means going back to your question we will be consolidating from the 1st of January next year so you'll have a full year of consolidated numbers for SIA and we will obviously as part of this provide you with comparison numbers for 2021 which includes SIA and NETS the same will go with the database that Stefania puts on the website this by the way is also true for the UBI book acquisition which closed on the 26th of October but has retroactive effects from the 1st of January and the same will happen when we close the Alpha Bank deal which will be in the second quarter next year so we will always strive to make sure you have a meaningful life life comparison but the closing of SIA is midnight this year so from 1st to January next year you have the consolidated numbers in the actual accounts I have a quick follow up on Germany did you see any weakness in Q3 compared to what you were expecting and are you concerned about the rise in number of COVID cases that could probably or potentially have some impact on your fourth quarter thank you well I think in Germany we see super strong as you understood e-commerce in particular I say and in other areas as well in terms of COVID yes I mean you're right on the fact that in the third quarter there was still restrictions in Germany more than in the other geographies there is an index that is actually called the stringency index that is quite telling from this point of view and Germany was across Europe the country we still restrictions and I was there two weeks ago and you could really feel it I was there with Bernardo you could really feel it from the smaller things in hotels to the more visible ones and this is actually as we said before affecting in particular the lack of sector the larger merchants where we have as I said still an important exposure to the travel industry and I would say there are two angles that are particularly relevant that are kind of intersecting between international travelers coming in and business travel more broadly and as you can imagine while in places like Italy you have a huge amount of inbound from tourists so international travel being tourism in the summer don't have that many people going to Germany to enjoy the summer is actually the other way around so the traffic there is much more business related and this is still suffering but again said that we see we've seen good recovery also there listen on what is happening these days difficult to comment honestly I think that I need to understand exactly what will happen in terms of measures I was reading before coming the new news before coming into this call about cases growing again but at the same time the measures that we're thinking about implementing were not really comparable to real organs and stuff like that I think we're talking about asking the green pass to enter in certain places like restaurants or clubs and stuff like that which is something that in Italy is already happening so let's see I think it's really too early to see to say I think the good news is that where more where less the percentage of people with vaccine are now high and therefore the case is increasing the impact on the health of the people is more limited and therefore hopefully the need for restrictions thank you very much the next question is from Hannes Leitner with UBS please go ahead yes thanks for letting me on a couple of questions also from my side maybe on the partnership strategy with ISV maybe you can talk a little bit about the economics there and then also is there geographic kind of statistics around what is currently served by those partners especially then maybe also breaking it down between in-store and online and then maybe you can give some more color on e-commerce growth for the group you have stated here e-commerce revenue growth but it would be helpful to understand also the transaction volume growth and then just in general did you see throughout the quarter as it developed some shift between in-store and e-commerce those tips to take hi Aniston thank you for your questions so let me start from the first one in here maybe you can follow up more precisely I think in general as I said that these partnerships that are happening I would say in every single geography and probably they're actually a bit more new to Italy even if we are very active are happening with two types of players the ones that are and obviously it depends on the geography and let me give you Italian cases it's probably a more closer one if you take two types of players the ones that are coming from the ERP systems the CRM systems and they are keen to integrate payments and they're active across merchants from all possible industries sometimes they have products more specialized for certain industries and we have partnering we've been partnering with the two super key ones at the same time you have a bit more development with the ones that we call vertical ones I don't know I'll give an example Pharmacom that is serving pharmacies just to mention one of them but we're really talking about in Italy talking about statistics we have 48 of these partnerships today Denmark more than 100 Sweden more than 100 Norway almost 100 Finland more than 100 Germany more than 100 and so on so forth so there are many many of those and economics vary a lot depending on what is the relationship some things these punishes are more technical integration so there is not a very specific economic punishment in some other cases like the one I was mentioning before instead you have a go to market initiatives you invest together you go to market together and you share the benefit together so very very different situations but also evolving in an important way as far as maybe on e-commerce volume and revenue you can comment Bernardo on the shift it is a very important question thing to be honest with you over the last I would say a few quarters we have not seen any further acceleration of e-commerce in terms of people moving further even more from physical to e-commerce if anything you have that in some sectors direction the opposite direction and therefore people have been keen to go out and shop again in the physical world I guess obviously because our stores are open again but more in general people being keen to go out and socialize and buy and eat in real places I think that I mean the trend to more e-commerce remains there but it's interesting because some of the acceleration that we have seen from COVID started and the first period of COVID now is slowing down a bit in certain cases a little bit but again in general the trend will continue Bernardo you want to comment on e-commerce we saw that revenues grow in the third quarter grew 36-37% if I remember correctly from the slide we had in the document volume growth was actually approximately 13% you see on slide 10 of the document within this clearly SME are growing LACA suffers from the fact that LACA has an e-commerce component including trial high impact which has caused it actually to shrink in the quarter so if you look at LACA without the high impact it's actually growing 9% overall e-commerce volumes are growing 13% and it's a mix of both so it's about 25 billion e-commerce volumes in Q3 proxy 3 for the group yeah ok thank you the next question is from Sandeep Deshpande with JP Morgan please go ahead thanks for letting me on I didn't hear all the questions so please excuse me if some of this was asked in your Nordics or in your overall business you're saying that the LACA accounts are lagging behind the recovery compared to the SME accounts we have seen quite a different effect at players like Adyen maybe you can explain why Nexi is different in this regard essentially and then secondly is there an explanation why you think that the dark regions are lagging so much behind in terms of the recovery in terms of the volumes and thus the revenues as such thank you thank you for the questions listen on LACA the dynamic that we are observing is very much driven by the industry and it's very very clear I mean if you met it from the high impact sectors like airlines to use the typical example or travel agencies and so on and so forth the overall volumes are growing 9% compared to pre-COVID levels actually even more so in places like Italy and therefore you have growth coming back despite the fact that there is still some restrictions around I think that the different dynamics that you observe with IBM is driven by two elements number one is that they are less exposed to travel sectors I think more broadly and number two you should also consider the fact that they are actually entering new markets and expanding further if you are pointing precisely on the relative dynamics with a player like them I go back to what I said before clearly adding a very strong player that we immensely respect to be very very clear we continue to see them successful when they play on global merchants with global CRM systems integrated with a lot of online and more limited in store and we continue to be successful also against them instead you have more local regional merchants more local integrated that require local systems that require more specialized solutions and more customized solutions and so on and so forth when it comes to DACA is two elements that explain the dynamic there and I think it's very visible when you go at page eight of the presentation where you have the volumes for DACA by micro sector and as you can see there on the one side there is a mix effect and the mix effect has to do with the effect that NETS not Germany but NETS was more exposed and still more exposed in terms of mix of sectors to the high impact sectors in terms of volumes to travel and airlines in particular this exposure has been diminished over time but still is a relatively high exposure and therefore there is a mix effect in Germany when you look at the other sectors instead you see a very strong performance in the basic consumption growing anywhere around 30-30% plus versus 2019 and also the more discretionary products and services sectors coming back to growth and at page nine on the right you see some very visible examples of sectors growing double digits in that space as well so I would say it is more driven by the exposure to travel in the mix I would say also the Italian SMEs were underpenetrated I think there is structural underpenetration there which is now we are now closing it up thank you the next question is from Mohamed Moawalla with Goldman Sachs please go ahead yes good afternoon hi Paolo hi Bernardo I had a couple as well so firstly just coming back to sort of the progression in the back end of the year given the easy comparisons and I think you've kind of grown broadly broad base across both cornexie and cornet is the kind of essentially your guidance being perhaps a bit more prudent or conservative and if so what is the kind of thinking behind that prudence and then secondly a question around again on sort of competition and here I just want to nuance it a bit more in that there's clearly an appetite for larger merchants to take kind of more traditional omni-channel but we also see the likes of moving in with a kind of platform approach to address the longer tail of the mid-market market now what's your sort of strategy to sort of compete against that and if I kind of nuance that further you know the Nordics is a fairly well-penetrated market and you know we have you know a number of kind of digital first players there so what's your sort of strategy to perhaps defend your position or even kind of grow your business there and then the last one for Bernardo when we look at the kind of EBITDA performance this was quite strong in terms of sort of the synergy realization at NETS it seemed like those sort of mid-teens type cost savings could you give us a bit more color around where those savings came from and as we go forward what's kind of the path and what are the kind of levers in terms of the synergies that you expect to extract to sort of hit the milestones for the NETS kind of payout to be achieved thank you Hi Mo and thank you for the few questions I will cover the second and then I will end over to Beran he's a very very good question let me try to be explicit here first of all LACA as you understood for the group is about 5% a bit less than 10% of total revenues is about 9% on total merchants is about half or 60% so we're talking about more or less 5% of total revenues to begin with nevertheless we believe it's actually an opportunity for the new Nexi in particular and to be clear the competition from players like Adyen is there as I said before they're very good they're more focused on certain markets than others and I'm sure they will try to move a bit more into markets on smaller players at the same time I think the good news is that in those markets the markets were very international and we're actually investing to build stronger in the camp of omnichannel products and services omnichannel integration analytics capabilities and that would continue so you will see a nice competitive dynamic where we'll probably try to do it and we'll defend our perks on the back of being local but also scaled up and for being able to invest in new products and services at the end of the day if you wish each one of the two of us is strong and weak at the same time based on our strategies in a sense that the key strength of players like Adyen is the one platform theme that has many positives but also a lot of limitations when you have to start playing with smaller players more complex players more integrated players merchants that don't have integrated CRMs that are less sophisticated that require a lot of local care and so on and so forth our position is the other way around it's true we are more complex in terms of technology set up and so on and so forth but at the end of the day makes us quite effective in serving the local needs in being closer to the customers being able to integrate effectively with their needs and for example segmenting by industry more effectively for what is relevant locally so I think we continue to see this dynamic and each one of the two of us will do its best I think the good news is that in many cases the market is growing so I'm sure that it will pay space for places like us and customers will choose depending on what is the prevailing need that they have Bernardo just a third I think we're going back to also I think James asked a similar question earlier on so I can only go back to what we said earlier we expect the fourth quarter to be better than the third quarter in terms of top line growth and that I think with regards to the degree of prudence in this we won't comment on that our guidance we're committed to deliver it hopefully we'll do better but that's what I'm prepared to say on that front with regard to nets as I mentioned earlier the EBITDA growth in the third quarter for nets was 19% 18.8% if I remember correctly 19% compared to 2020 I expect that to improve in the fourth quarter of this year I think that's also implicit in what we had said some time ago how we were aiming to hit an EBITDA for nets which lies within the earn out range for nets it was agreed with the sellers back at the end of last year so this growth in EBITDA which is obviously fueled by top line growth is also aided by the realization of synergies within nets and I think that was your question because synergies coming from the next integration while those this year are I would say in total approximately 10 million euros mostly CAPEX a small portion of that will be in our fourth quarter numbers and with regards to next year we're targeting 100 million euros of cash synergies from the three entities approximately 60% of that will be P&L synergies and the rest will be CAPEX synergies okay thank you the next question is from Alberto Villa please go ahead good afternoon thank you thank you for the presentation I have just one question is on the buy now pay later business can you give us some color on the revenues you're generating in this unit the growth you're expecting and if you have any thoughts on the strategy on this segment going forward if you want to expand it or to exit or what's your thoughts on the opportunity there thank you very much so Alberto so our strategy in this space is at the end of the day twofold now we are happy to have this asset that is called red pay just to be operating at the moment in Germany only with potential to expand at some point and it is focused on the merchant side so they don't have a consumer facing strategy like the clients they normally white label and afford the best possible partner for merchants that's where they are successful the business is growing very rapidly depending on the quarter is anywhere between 50 and 100 percent so I think last quarter was about 70 75 and it's become a sizable business we don't provide the details of this but it's getting bigger and bigger so we're talking about tens and tens and tens of millions of euros per quarter now the so this is one side of the strategy at the same time we also recognize the fact that if you want to if you have your core e-commerce strategy the one of providing a great acceptance to merchants you all have to be able to provide the locally relevant methods together with other alternative payment methods and therefore in our geographies we're also offering more and more the possibility to use other by now methods that we partner with and I believe this will continue to be the way forward now clearly the other way around works as well and for a company like Rete because it's technically a company is also partnering with other PSPs so in Germany they're used by the Agions the WorkPays the DSP ones the CompuTops and you name one so at the moment we have these two parallel strategies it is very very very clear that going forward we'll continue to partner with more and more of them and we're happy owners of this fast growing and sizable by now pre-crash it Bernardo you said it thank you thank you Berto the next question is from Paul Kratz with Jeffries please go ahead hi thank you for taking my questions just three questions from my end I think firstly when I look at your Nets figures on the presentation that excludes volumes from Dancourt so it would be helpful if you maybe give us some color over how the volumes look including these figures and if they differ materially from what you presented the other thing I'd also be interested in hearing as well on the Girocard side I appreciate the minority of your volumes in Germany but how have the volumes on the Girocard side trended where historically I think you guys have been actually a share gainer in that market admittedly off of a relatively low base and then I guess the final question is a little bit bigger picture but when we start thinking about capital allocation of the combined entity you will be able to deliver the business relatively rapidly at the current pace I mean is there any kind of updated thoughts you have around potential M&A whether that switches maybe more towards e-com maybe looking at assets for example like a CompuTOP in Germany to maybe strengthen your presence in e-com Thanks Hi Paul a good mix of detailed questions and super strategic ones as well that's great listen on the first two I think we'll come back to you with a bit more detail if it's important to you I think in general we are clearly challenges in that space and we want to grow in the space and I forget that Concardis is coming from a position where there were mainly acquirers for international schemes a little bit like what Carta C was in Italy back five years ago six years ago and from there they moved over the last year or two into offering the full package the terminal and basically acquiring across all schemes including Girocast so I don't have the numbers but clearly that's a space for development on Bancourt I think we'll come back to you because we don't have a precise answer more broadly instead of capital allocation coming to the very strategic question listen our focus today is really really really on getting the three companies together delivering the synergies and most importantly building a stronger and stronger and stronger company for our customers our people and our shareholders along the way as we always said we will continue to consider opportunities but it's our duty somehow but we really focus on the ones that makes absolute sense for us I think what we've done with UBI or Alpha Bank is very clear we've been looking at other support we didn't do for very good reasons but it was a duty to look at it and I think we continue to do so going forward as you can imagine we cannot talk about specific cases taking into account the fact that as we leverage and we divest and we potentially divest assets that are not core and so on and so forth we also consider putting more organic investments because there is always this feeling that M&A is easier than massive organic investments actually given where we are as a company given how much we are keen to invest in Germany or in spaces such as e-commerce and that is also another important area of investment so I believe you see our portfolio of those but really our focus today is to deliver in what we have already committed to you Bernard is trying to give you a answer on what it's probably best if we come back to you before we give you an answer it's not reliable thank you very much just maybe one quick follow up is on the divestment of non core assets how should we start thinking of that is that part of a regular portfolio review that you would do on an annual basis or are we just talking more about concessions that would come as a result of antitrust no no no no no I want to be very clear I think actually thank you for giving me the opportunity to clarify this on the antitrust thing we left to do because it's a request about the antitrust but again it's about the business is 6 million euro of revenues probably 2 or 3 declining revenues because it's a legacy business checks and the likes so that has to do with the that is worth we are doing our own work but we are talking about a very small thing instead what is very much right is the first of the two things you said that is an ongoing review of our portfolio of assets to make sure that we put our resources and focus and energy on what is strategic for our future and instead we let the other assets to be owned by better owners than us for whom they are strategic never forget as a benchmark that before doing even before the company was listed actually we did do a 506 M&A deal where we bought stuff we did do 12 where we sold stuff so we like to clean as much as possible the portfolio focus and we continue to do it and some of the businesses we love them would love to continue to have them but actually it doesn't make sense for them and for us so I think it's very rational we always need to be very rigorous we continue to be very rigorous look at what for example also Net has done when they sold the corporate services to MasterCard by the way it's a very interesting and attractive evaluation and we continue to do so I think it's good discipline we try to give you an update on this in February together with for the new year that's really fair thank you very much the next question is from Alexander for with exam PMP Paribas please go ahead hi good afternoon thanks for squeezing me had a couple of questions one is going back on your sort of own alternative payment method account to account in Poland or rate in Germany was wondering if you could go back on the economics of this payment method and whether they're accretive to your to your tax rate for instance and as a side question to that I was wondering if you view them as differentiating factors to win wallet shares with a given account have you found yourself in a position where you went to a merchant to sell on the rate pay and you ended up selling a much wider range of services so that would be my first two part question second question is on Italy this time I think you mentioned in the time to move to digital payments in Italy at least on the consumer side I was wondering if you have your own initiative to perhaps lower acceptance costs for merchants and accompany this transition to digital new pricing plans low cost terminals any specific initiatives you're pushing as we go into 2022 thank you hi Alexander so I understand APM both economics and strategy and Italy who are doing anything in that lower cost for merchants let me start from the second one around Italy I think the good news for merchants actually is that prices are going down in our sector it's absolutely normal because when volumes go up unitary prices go down it's almost a low of economics unless you have monopolies which is not the case in our industry that is very competitive the good news is that the combination of volume growth and unitary prices going down is positive and on top of it you also have value added service so prices tend to go down as always happened if you like the one thing that you are doing more proactively is driven by competitive dynamics is also to design propositions for the merchants that are newer to these products and services not a typical new to card segment we are offering a nice entry level almost try and by type of situations we believe is important although it is not necessarily on the rate because a customer that is new to cards doesn't know how much they will use so for them the barrier to entry is more the terminal and that's where we launched as well the mobile post terminal that doesn't have a fixed rate per month but is basically a small one off depending on the campaign and so on and so forth is normally below 50 euros 49 euros but again with a higher merchant fee and then we upgrade the merchant to a proposition for higher volumes when it comes instead on the APM methods and so on and so forth let me try to give you the overview then Fernando can help you and comment a bit better first of all economics clearly the economics are very different if you are talking about APMs that you own or APMs that you distribute and you partner with we should distinguish in between account to account and buy now pay later for the ones that you own buy now pay later has an amazing growth profitability wise is actually lower because obviously it comes with a certain cost of risk it is very much under control but it is actually material and by the way in a specific case rate pays also investing in growth as well as every other player in the industry I'm sure you've seen the numbers from some of these players and they are quite explicit about it actually rate pays profitable this is good news but keep on investing in growth account to account is normally more profitable there is a cost to develop the ecosystem because it's a two-sided business model you have to sell it to the consumer and sell it to the merchant once the ecosystem is developed normally it comes with nice variable margins instead when you distribute you can really have any type of deal to be honest with you the more you are the one facing the customer and distributing to the customer the better the economics are if it is just a technical integration then your economics are much lighter but actually for some of them the economics are quite comparable with the ones that we have on cart to be clear I cannot give you a specific example because I could but I cannot in terms of disclosure but I have in mind at least a couple of examples where the economics are exactly one in Italy and one in another place where the economics are basically the same that we have on cart broader strategy I mean I think I'm not sure I understand exactly your question because the communication was not very clean but if your question is how do you guys balance on the strategy when I have a strong APM do I give it to everybody to expand it or do I monetize it by differentiating myself on the acceptance side I think that's a very very very relevant strategic question that does not have a one answer that is always the same by product and by market because it really depends on the specific market dynamics but again if I use the example I said before on buy now pay later it's quite clear rate pay is a buy now pay later acceptance method on basically every merchant e-commerce merchant sorry e-commerce acquire e-commerce PSP in Germany why? because we have a lower market share and therefore if you were leaving it only to us it would be too much of a restriction for the full potential of the product maybe in another market with a different starting competitive position and market shares you go in a different direction on the margin yeah so I think we need to distinguish as Paolo did between accounts account and BMPL starting with BMPL we should really think of it as a different product different business so in terms of the margin accretion or the take rate accretion it really depends where you cut the P&L because there is a cost of risk element there that you have in BMPL but not in account to account so take rates will be higher but then if you go to the very bottom line right now obviously as you've seen in some of the other larger listed also players in the BMPL space you have the cost of risk element that you need to take into account whereas account to account I think in terms of the top line you should think of it as being priced in the various geographies in which it's present more similar to domestic rails but depending on how lean or efficient they are with the margin being similar to what a card acquirer could be in that same market so in terms of the margins it shouldn't be diluted got it thank you thanks very much for all the call ahead the next question is from Simonetta Kiriotti with Mediobanca please go ahead hi good afternoon just a quick question on synergies during the presentation of the first half results you mentioned the possibility of increasing synergies by 10% in the long term is it something that you are still considering possible thank you so Simonetta this is a short answer yes good yes absolutely I mean as we were finding better and better plans that's the reason why last time we gave you this highlight this time we're giving you our outlook for next year we'll continue to do it we'll continue to update the more we have visibility to be honest with you it also goes in phases in the sense that we had obviously when we did close the two deals we had our own view that was outside in on the opportunities then as we are closing the deals we do a first round of inside out view of the opportunities in the long term and then we go into the more year by year detailed plans and so this is a little bit what is happening we'll continue to keep you updated but the short answer is yes the next question is from Antonin Bodry with HSBC please go ahead hi good afternoon everyone and thank you for taking my question too if I may I would want to have your view on the current macroeconomic environment especially inflation we see inflation coming in the US and certainly in Europe soon so how do you see inflation impacting your revenue growth I mean your revenue is partly related to value of transaction at the same time inflation could decrease the number of transactions so how do you see inflation on your revenue growth my second question is about M&A I understand that your focus will be to integrate the two acquisitions you did but how do you consider evolutions of your model to address adjustment segments like business to business payment for example thank you hi Anthony let me take the second one on M&A and then I pass over to Bernardo because I'm a poor engineer he's an economist so I can probably give you much more insightful forward looking answer on M&A I think here we will have to remain focused not only on what we do but also what we consider because also the screening opportunities are engaging in processes by certain organizational costs and we are trying to stay as much focused as we can I reiterate probably what I said in the past the two key areas of focus for us where we engage and remain our priorities remain at the end of the day merchant I mean first of all it's mainly merchant services now first one being merchant books especially now in the markets where we are ready and on relationships that we already have because for us it's important to follow our banks strategies and partner with them and this is what we've done for example on Ubi on Alpha Bank as well and so on and second there is more broadly e-commerce both in terms of geographies and also capabilities and if you wish as an extension to this you could also consider this world of software that can be effectively integrated with payments and this small example of is a nice one that does not mean that we go after many of those necessarily we will base it very carefully and we really want to understand it before we did also because given a position where in market partnerships are also very good and therefore we want to learn more about the business but clearly e-com and e-com and merchant books are for us big years Bernardo on inflation yes well thanks Pablo for this economist but I don't believe Europe will definitely lag the US and probably not have such a steep increase in inflation even though it's lingering my view is that our business is actually geared to benefit from inflation as you were saying two thirds of our revenues are volume driven and most of that comes from the value of the transaction conversely our cost base is predominantly fixed and obviously there may be some wage price inflation Europe tends to be stickier or more resilient than the US on that front but that should give us some protection but more importantly we pay our processing costs on a per transaction basis so we have a nice spread between revenues growing because of volume growth thanks to inflation and as you were suggesting lower transaction numbers with lower processing costs in addition on the capital structure front I mentioned it earlier I think three quarters of our capital base is our fixed income capital base is effectively fixed rates so any inflationary pressure should deflate the value of this debt so beneficial to us and in the short term I think it's 1.5 billion of our liabilities are indexed to URIBOR but URIBOR is floored at zero and therefore we have some absorption capacity in that built into our debt structure so overall net my take is that we're net beneficiaries of any pressures thank you as a reminder if you wish to register for a question please press star and one on your telephone Mr. there are no more questions registered at this time do you perhaps have any closing comments I thank you I think that's a simple comment thank you for being with us thank you for the many important questions across numbers outlook and strategies as well I think it's important to have always that at the core as well again simple messages for us continue the volume recovery across all geographies I think this is really important strategically not just financially for us good strong financial performance across the board in revenues and margin as well and last but not least we continue to progress in the group coming together to have a stronger company for the future across the board so thank you very much and looking forward to see many of you over the next few days and week and hopefully in person and it's great to see that some of the meetings are starting to be in person again thank you very much enjoy the rest of the day