 Good afternoon, this is the Coruscant Conference Operator.
 Welcome, and thank you for joining the next C3rd Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference
 As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Should anyone need assistance during the conference call, they may signal an operator by pressing
 star and zero on their telephone.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paolo Bertoluzzo, CEO of Nexi.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning.
 We want to everybody on this call, and thank you for joining us in our third quarter results
 session.
 As usual, I'll see you in the next session.
 Bye.
 I'm here with Renato Mingru and I work with FONS, the fundamental gas that is leading
 in best relations, but we have also a few other colleagues
 connected in here with us in case that is needed.
 As usual, I will start giving you a little bit of an update on where we see the volumes
 going and evolving on the back of the evolution of COVID and I will also give you a short
 business update with focus on merchant services, then I will end over to Bernardo who covered
 financial results, I will come back to give you a quick update on where we are in creating
 the European Patriotic Leader and bring the new group together and obviously I will conclude
 commenting on guidance that, as you know, has been confirmed for the full year already.
 Before I go in, let me remind everybody this is the first time for us in presenting the
 aggregated numbers of NEXY and NET. Last time, you may remember, Bernardo gave you an overview
 of what perform the profile of the new group
 would have looked like to kind of introduce the topic.
 And this time, we are reporting integrated next in that.
 We will cover the performances by region, which will give you an indication of how things
 We are going.
 We'll probably make a few more comments on the standalone performances, but as I said,
 we are working for the first time in an integrated way.
 And then at the end of the presentation, we'll
 the time is always for your questions.
 Now, let me start as usual with key messages at page three.
 The three messages basically are reinforcing the same three messages we had over the last
 a couple of quarters.
 Number one, insert a continued volume recovery
 and acceleration across the various geographies.
 In Italy, we continue to see a strong volume performance
 with Italian cars growing anywhere between 20% to 25% versus 2019.
 that again I remember to everybody is always our benchmark here, because it was the pre-COVID
 Here, next to Italy, we see also a good recovery in the Nordics that came back to positive
 over the last few weeks as a total with some stronger performances across many sectors.
 The dark region is still recovering not back to the previous level at full, but actually
 seeing a strong basic consumption growth and also more recently we've seen the discretionary
 Coming back to positive here, the travel sector impacted that for our business there.
 there is still relevant in volumes is the one that is still behind the door recovering.
 Third point, we see an acceleration stronger in SMEs than in LACA, this has to do also
 with the different profiles of the different sectors in terms of mix-office and ease, and
 But we believe this is really positive for our positioning and for the outlook as well.
 And last but not least, we continue to see clear signals of acceleration of cash to digital
 payment transition across all sectors and visible in all geographies also the ones that
 that are already more penetrated.
 Message number one, message number two, also in the third quarter, we've seen a stronger
 in growing financial performance,
 revenues for the group were at 10.1% in the quarter in acceleration versus the previous
 two quarters for a total of 9.6% in the nine months.
 we've seen in particular strong revenue growth
 performance in metro services and solutions for both next and next at very similar levels
 plus 12.2% for the total in the third quarter, 10.6 a year to date, and again here you see
 and acceleration, e-commerce revenue were particularly strong at plus 32 percent despite
 the fact that the travel-related sectors are still affected by COVID, EBITDA in the quarter
 was up for 10.6%, up to 12.3% from the beginning of the year with continued margin expansion
 that in the third quarter was at 53% up to percentage points versus last year.
 Third message, we continue to progress in the creation of the European Paytech Leader.
 see as reported that, again, stronger,
 spend a long performance and we'll comment on a dedicated page.
 As you know, we have received the antitrust approval on October 14th on the combination
 of an extension here and the closing is now expected by your end.
 In the meantime, we have closed the deal with Inpeza on the Ubi merchant book.
 Yesterday, we've also signed the deal with Alphabet to create a joint venture in matching
 services feel in Greece, closing the stack at some point in the second half, probably
 the second quarter of, sorry, the second half, probably the second quarter of next year.
 And last but not least, we made them, then, a small barrage of strategic investment for
 our future in a company called Orderbird and he's the leading dark commercial software
 solution for hospitality sector present also in other geographies, it's a small investment
 talking about 16 euros. We've increased our ownership from 20 percent. We were already
 there to 40% with a clear path to control and you're very happy for this because it's
 the first real SML test for us in entering in a deeper way the software space especially
 for SMEs stocking from Germany,
 It is a very strategic market for us and expanding in other places as well.
 On the back of all of this, we have confirmed our ambition for 2021 on a next-in-net combined
 A level of revenues respect them to grow at about 10% year-over-year and EBITDA respect
 And that will grow at 11 to 13 percent year over year.
 Now, before I go into volumes, let me jump to page 5 as a big reminder, this is the new
 profile of the group.
 We have a group that sees about 60% of the revenue as a match on services and solutions
 with a strong exposure to e-commerce.
 29% is what we call cash and digital payments, and remaining 10% is what we call digital
 banking and corporate solutions. Second, the group is highly, highly exposed to markets
 with super strong and very, very long-term and secular growth opportunity and digital
 payments, 71% of our revenues are in low penetration markets such as Italy, such as Germany, such
 as the central European ones and southern European ones.
 Our arrival is at number three, 64 percent of our arrival is coming from volume and 36
 percent from installed or installed like a type of a regular last month, at least we
 We have a fairly strong operating leverage.
 Now, let me jump into volumes and we'll cover it very first and then I will also give you
 highlights on what we see at Teninga in the other key geographies. Page number six is the
 The usual page, the dark blue line, is the total here, we're focusing on merchant services
 where we have more insights and therefore the dynamics are more interesting.
 The back blue line is the total, the lighter blue one is actually on Italian card, the
 The gray one is an international card and there are four visitors to Italy.
 Here you see that after the summer, we continue to basically grow revenues compared to 2019
 anywhere in between the 10% to 20%, sometimes also above 20%.
 And here, there is a clear strong contribution
 from Italian cars that have been growing anywhere in between 20 to 30 percent over the last
 few months.
 I would say particularly interesting is also the dynamic in the intermation of visitor's
 Here you see that we had a very, very fast recovery in the summer, leading to August
 where now we went back to the levels of pre-COVID,
 mainly driven by European visitors
 with Americans and Asians being still not present
 or present in a very limited way.
 And then we have to slow down again, but then I'll have a strong recovery over the last
 a few weeks, this dynamic is probably explained by the fact that the two risks that we have
 side of international travel is recovering fast people are really keen to travel as soon
 as they can do it, while actually the business traveler dynamic is still behind and therefore
 depending on the moment of the season.
 I probably will continue to see these dynamics happening.
 Hopefully, the recovery of October is also due to the fact that we have less restrictions
 also for business travelers, so it's sort of a combination of business travelers coming
 a bit back and actually holidays in some countries in Europe in the latter part of October as
 Jumping to pitch seven, we have the usual split by macro sectors.
 This is the total, so this is not separating Italian cars versus international cars, and
 for the sectors that are also affected by the dynamic that we was explaining before.
 Here we see a very strong container growth in the basic consumption sectors like groceries,
 groceries, utilities, medical and so on and so forth are growing anywhere around the 30%,
 And we see the other two sectors now moving kind of similarly, and we're in between, I
 I would say 5% to 10% here over here with a super strong recovery, I would say definitely
 faster than expected, in particular in the impact
 sectors, and I would say in particular in restaurants and bars.
 So this is the dynamic we're observing in Italy.
 We'll come back in a moment.
 to give you a bit more insight on specific sub-secros because I think it's interesting
 On page 8, we see, instead, the dynamics, the absurd dynamics in the Nordics area and
 in the dark region.
 if you just take the total before going
 to the subsectors, space.
 We have observed a plus 12% growth in October
 across both, across the net, if you like, geographies,
 geographies, 12% growth of our SNEs versus 2019, LACA instead were still behind, but
 Actually, if you strip out the effect of the impulse
 perception sector is growing as well, plus 8%.
 Last one, please.
 a good recovery in issuing, now growing 5% in net geographies and basically disease
 mainly relating to the Nordics.
 As we're talking about the Nordics, here you see in the top graph, the dynamic Nordics
 getting back to positive from September and actually going further in October as a total
 They've been growing 7% versus 2019 in terms of volumes.
 Actually, the last week, it was actually double digit, with 12%.
 very strong and continued performance on the basic consumption
 sectors, about 30 percent, I should fortify in the last week, the discretionary consumption
 sector trending a bit slower but now close to zero and a good recovery over the last
 months also for the high-impact sectors over the last month at minus 1%.
 Last but not least, in the DAC region, and here, most of the volumes are actually associated
 to Germany.
 Here, you see a continued strong performance of growth in the basic consumption sectors.
 You see ...
 Actually, discretionary services are going back to a positive 8% last week, 2% in the
 October versus 2019, here the sector is still behind is actually the one that is related
 to travel and here in Germany, you know,
 This is an important impact on the total mix,
 and this is one of the reasons why, the key reason why actually Germany is still behind
 compared to 2019 volumes.
 So this is the top of picture, page nine, big more
 into the specific factors to reinforce the point that I think we've made that of the
 the last many calls, I would say that we have been observing underneath these COVID related
 dynamics, a very strong acceleration of the transition from cash to digital payments,
 not only in underprivileged markets like Italy,
 But also in more connected markets like the Nordics in here,
 If you see page nine, a few examples here with the pick up from top to bottom, the top eight
 sectors of per markets, some of them may be at less relevant in size, but here you see
 actually also very relevant sectors.
 I think at the restaurant and bars in Italy 34% growth or grocery is 25% growth nicely
 growing all double digits next to some very special ones, like doctors, it's 2%.
 For example, Nordics seemingly grossed its 25% versus 2019.
 Again, for a market that we tend to believe that is already highly penetrated, it's a
 pig is a big positive in our opinion and you see some more specialized and smaller sectors
 such as, for example, cosmetic or hardware, going at 40%,
 And so on.
 and so on. Last but not least, also in the dark region, grocery is 49%, also restaurants
 despite some limitations being still in place,
 13 percent in many other sectors growing double digits with actually department stores growing
 triple digit, but I would look at it with a lot of sympathy that is flowing off the
 the benchmark for the other sex as a treatment for now.
 So this is basically the picture in terms of volumes.
 Before I end over to Bernardo to cover financial results,
 I'll go up to the dive with you for a few minutes on the dynamics and the key initiatives
 that we are observing in particular in merchant services that, as you know, is more than half
 of our revenues and is always up here focusing just for us but also for you and for investors
 more broadly.
 more broadly. And here we try to give a little bit of a feeling of what we're doing in the
 in the different segments.
 And we covered this by a semi that represents almost 60% of our revenues in national services
 Econ that represents about 25% and also LACA that is a bit less than 10% of total revenues.
 If you're asking yourself, what's the difference between LACA and LACA?
 y, it goes from up to 100.
 The reason is that there is a 7% that has to do with acquiring at 80 answers.
 We call it cash and that is not allocatable to any segment for simplicity reasons we have
 located post-term and as a revenue to SMEs because most of it is really SMEs.
 Now, going one by one, in SNES, we see a strong acceleration on our digital proposition in
 in Germany, positive result in Germany on the back of the very positive result we had
 in the Nordics, as well as in Italy, we are promoting more and more the mobile policy
 proposition for new to merchant a subsector at the same time know we are very successfully
 pushing on vertical propositions in the specific sectors
 We started in Italy with dedicated go-to-market for very nano-verticals.
 For example, restaurants, cafes, hotels, retail, and so on and so forth, where we package
 very often from the distribution, go-to-market point of view, but sometimes also pricing
 and product itself, and this is really eating the ground well with customers.
 At the same time, we are increasing our focus on ISVs and more in general, the software
 space. And here, basically, the two things we're doing on the one side, we're expanding
 again, our partnerships across all geographies, I would say, with ISVs, and if you count them
 across the board would you count them actually for this cooler. It's actually more than five
 landed partnerships in the ISV space.
 And then a mix of the punishes with local leaders
 on merchant CRM and ERP softwares.
 for example, team system, you need to just to mention one, and many, many, many smaller,
 smaller vertical specialist that very often are local companies as well and we normally
 and we do technical integration with some of them,
 We do also go to masquettes together.
 As anticipated now with all the bird we're going one level deeper as now we will integrate
 more on the proposition side as well, and we'll test it in one segment in one market
 to expand it further as we go along.
 In the S&E segment, basically, we have not seen any major news in terms of competitive
 dynamics.
 We know, I mean, we've discussed it in the past, that we have important competition
 in the new two digital payments segment of the smaller merchants that are starting to
 to use each appearance for the first time,
 In particular, in Italy, in particular, it's also a journey from basically one player that
 is a map that actually successful in the market in winning a number of customers, but actually
 the value associated with these customers, even the size of them, is normally very small,
 We have also increased, in Italy, our focus in that segment and we're actually quite successful.
 we have doubled our acquisition bonus,
 but you're also focusing on winning back these customers
 as they grow, and when they need a proposition,
 is more structural and more complete.
 This is it in terms of SMEs, the volumes across our georgas were up about 14% in the fourth
 compared to the same quarter 2019.
 E-commerce represents about 25% of our revenues in match and services, seeing a lot of dynamics,
 A lot of new players are coming.
 some of them going as well to be honest with you and by the way it is a sector where we
 We have a new segment and new propositions emerging as well.
 We will talk more about it in our Q&A sessions, but let me give you a flavor of what we're
 doing here. First of all, when it comes to the more PSP-like type of a proposition for
 With acceptance propositions, we are launching easy in Germany after a pretty good success
 in the Nordics as a collecting PSP proposition at the same time we are extending our PSP
 position in terms of capability in Italy. It's called X-Pay, and we are expanding this
 propositions also in the back of the experience and the capabilities that we have in net,
 For example, in one-page accounts and card pre-onboarding, in the nine months, our e-commerce
 activations in Italy have been up 70% compared to the same period two years ago just to give
 At the same time, we are seeing a lot of activity in the alternative payment method space here.
 Our angle is two-folder. We know we own alternative payment methods at the same time we partner
 We serve our payment methods to meet them available through our gateways to our merchant
 customers. If you focus for a moment on account to account propositions, we actually have
 that there is strong position, a successful position,
 both in Poland and Finland, and they're going very, very strongly at the same time we are
 that are onboarding more and more account-to-account solutions to our gateways, for example, back
 a pay in Italy. Similarly, similarly, and by now, a later, we have a very strong proposition
 call it a day in Germany on that proposition.
 That proposition is growing very, very strongly, but again, it is the proposition that is made
 available not only for our gateway solutions in Germany, but also to basically every other
 ...
 international, international PSP active in the country, at the same time in the other
 geographies, we are partnering more and more with FATI by now, believe it, providers because
 At the end of the day, as a PSP, we must be able to offer all possible payment methods
 to our merchant customers in order to allow them
 to basically maximize their conversion rates at checkout.
 Thank you.
 Last but not least, we continue to strike partnerships with e-commerce enabler platforms
 across all markets, we have
 about, well, there will be more than 10 partnerships
 across the group.
 And many of them are with players that are present in more than one market.
 Today, we cover about 76% of the data market.
 Today, commerce and aid was covered across our geography about 10 per cent of the volumes
 that basically serve the tiniest of the micro merchants, the micro Sennies in e-commerce
 we cover through technology integration and in certain cases also go to market partnership
 76% of that.
 Again, here, volumes are growing 13 percent, despite now the private sector still being
 a...
 Okay.
 The reason why the growth rate of revenues is actually well above 30% is because when
 it comes to a counter-account and by now,
 the later solutions that we own, the growth rate is very, very strong and it's contributing
 to be total grand loss.
 Last but not least, the LACA segment represents about 9% of all total revenues in merchant
 services. Here, we don't see any major news in terms of competition. Obviously, we continue
 to see active, very active players like Agnian in very specific segments of our basic segments
 of the global brands, in particular, I would say in luxury and in fashion.
 To be very clear, we continue to compete successfully and win in the sectors that, instead, are
 more local in nature, such as, for example, food retail,
 House of Good, Mobility, Insurance, Public Administration, and so on and so forth.
 Basically, we win and continue to win, where the physical component of the Michana solutions
 is actually relevant for these companies where
 they need the complex needs in terms of terminals and terminals
 acquiring acceptance of integration, where the local integration with local payment methods
 is important, where the vertical sector integration is important, where customization is important,
 No.
 At the end of the day, no, that's the core of what we do thanks to our local entrenchment.
 And here we continue to serve successfully, not only the local large merchants, but also
 So global brands that are present in market with the characteristics they just described
 So across our geographies, we cover any server,
 Let's just such as, for example, Ikea, Sky,
 Decathlon, Vodafone, Zara, I mean names that are clearly
 international names, but require their specific local support, integration, and
 and delivery.
 Now, before I move on, let me use one example of something that we have announced yesterday.
 It is actually today's mall, but I think it's also a good example of what we see as the
 the core of the nature of the new next group.
 I think we said in the past that many want
 that at the end of the day our strategy is quite simple.
 We want to combine the scale that is necessary to drive hard innovation, digital innovation
 in particular, and then to send confidence is important,
 and best not to put it on a full scale.
 So once we remain competitive with the global players,
 specialized players when it comes to product,
 proposition innovation, but at the same time, now, we also want to be very, very locally
 entrenched.
 Thanks to all the people.
 to be ecosystem integration that we have
 in the different geographies.
 And one simple example of this on top of the many
 I gave it to you over the last few minutes.
 To do with the product we launched yesterday,
 is called a pago in conto.
 is available as a pay-by-account.
 It is a very nice product because it is an account-to-account payment product that we
 I'm making available to begin with in e-commerce, but it will be available also on the channel
 solutions for lacquers and SNEs as well.
 This is actually integrating many capabilities that we have in next year, not only in our
 and services, but also independent space, European banking space.
 Now, to believe a solution that we're making available to our PSP merchant customers, and
 I would believe the progress will also to other PSPs that want to operate in Italy and this
 The solution is basically leveraging open banking enablement that we provide because
 We are the provider of the open banking system for Italy, our capability in this space, plus
 our local license is plus our local integration plus our local capabilities on the commerce
 And basically, a merchant can offer the opportunity to its own customer to pay by the bank account
 without registering on anything.
 Because thanks to open banking, the customer will find a click
 bottom on the checkout page, and we click on the bottom, then
 And basically the page of the bank will open, the customer will identify himself with the
 standard identification method of the bank, and the transaction will happen because it
 it will be pre-ready filled on the different components of the transaction itself and the
 Reconciliation will happen automatically.
 Again, it's a small thing, but I believe it gives you an idea of what it means
 They're not having global scale, but also being locally entrenched and integrated clearly
 is targeting not necessarily this low transaction, but actually large transaction because being
 pay-by-counter, you can pay for the moment up to 15,000 euros per transaction and going
 forward even more.
 Let me now, in order to burn up the story,
 I just took a bit more time here,
 I really wanted to try and give you a flavor of what is happening in this space.
 Thanks, Pablo.
 So just we'll try and be quick here to relieve as much space as possible for Q&A.
 Starting on slide 12, we've seen how revenues have grown approximately 10% in the quarter
 and 10 percent for the nine months, as Paulo said earlier, this is how what we discussed
 in terms of volumes and in terms of the business updates translates into the financials.
 I think it's important to underline how growth in revenues is very similar to both NETs and
 next year, I guess that's the message I'd like to leave you with.
 In terms of EBITDA, we can see there's been a two-percentage point accretion here in
 year and a quarter in the same applies if you look at the nine months. Most of the secretion
 actually comes from NETS. We have less of an accretion this year on NETS as we've discussed
 in the past due to the fact that we're unwinding or, let's see, there is the coming out of
 of last year, we have the effect of certain costs, the cost cutting actions that we have
 last year, which impacts our growth and cost to next year as expected.
 So two percentage points, secretion, which is in line with our expectations.
 On site number 13, we see how the various geographies performed, Italy, a strong performance
 in the quarter with 12% growth accelerating compared to, compared to a 12% sorry, versus
 2019, accelerating compared to 8% we had in the first nine months.
 So again, good signs of recovery from COVID.
 South and Poland had even stronger growth.
 We have an 18%, close to 18% growth in nine months, 19% if you look at it in the quarter,
 actually, Germany growing more than Poland.
 Thanks to this strong exposure we have in Germany
 to e-commerce and NBNPL, which Paolo also referred to earlier.
 in the Nordics and Southeast Europe,
 slightly different dynamic.
 Again, there is less exposure, I would say,
 to e-commerce compensated in Germany and Poland for the slow recovery in terms of coming out
 of lockdown in some of the former, or in some of the geographies, and that's just present
 And plus, as we will see later, the effect in the Nordics of the, as we had mentioned
 in the past the fact that we have renegotiated the last major contract at NETs and that has
 hit us in 2021.
 Moving on to the various divisions of Site 14, we have merchant services and solutions
 where we've had a very strong quarter
 with double-digit revenue growth across the group,
 And this is true, as I said, both at net sea and at net level.
 Nets has proved to be extremely resilient in all its geographies.
 You can see that transactions have recovered very nicely throughout the group and into
 We have 15% year-in-year growth for the nine months.
 This was only partially upset by slightly slower growth
 some of the other geographies due to the different phasing of lockdown.
 I think it's important to underscore how e-commerce is continuing to grow nicely.
 We have 37% growth in the third quarter this year, 32% if you look at the nine months.
 And this is also sustained, as I said earlier, through a strong performance in Germany and
 Poland. Just a word of explanation with regards to a trend which in the past has been different
 in terms of the growth and volumes of international schemes which is lower than the overall volume
 This is due to a factor in Italy of domestic debit cards now being able to transact conflictless,
 transacting on the domestic scheme rather than the
 international schemes and this has caused this inversion of the trend.
 On site 15, we can see the data for cards and digital payments, even in this division
 We're going to have good revenue growth with good volume recovery.
 Here the volume recovery, as you can see, is what we're more used to, where the trend
 that highlighted earlier the shift to domestic debilitating
 on contactless transactions is more than offset
 by the fact that we are moving some of our,
 or we're progressively moving our domestic debit cards
 international debit cards which fuel the growth in the national schemes, but overall we have
 strong will in the quarter also in cards and digital payments.
 In 2016, we can see how DBS or Digital Banking Corporate Solutions is now called performed
 This, we've discussed this in the past, is a division in which Project Rated Revenue,
 which is recurring by nature, even though it's not
 contractualize, but every year we have project work for our partner banks, mainly in the
 various geographies has been, from a seasonality perspective,
 present in our P&L more in the first half of the year.
 Hence the deceleration you can see from 11% to 5%, so 11% for the first nine months and
 25% for the last quarter.
 Overall, I would say that performance has been in line with our overall expectations,
 patients, maybe in Italy, we have had a bit of a slowdown, which will also impact us,
 has impacted us this year on Montelipas as they were discussing the potential transaction
 credit that was no longer the case so hopefully we'll recover some of the lost
 revenues there in 2022.
 2017 shows us the cost dynamic.
 I think it's important to look at the commentary we put into the side of this slide where we
 We try and give you a picture of what the cost dynamics really look like if we normalize
 for last year. I mentioned earlier that the next year we had reminded you that the next
 we had a cost containment program which was 100 million euros of cash cost cut last year
 to protect our P&L in our hospital.
 This unwinds this year, and hence we have a bounce back of the tools on variable compensation
 compensation, a bounce back of travel expenses and the likes.
 If we normalize for those, you know, I'd say two items in HR costs, for instance, the
 the overall HR cost would actually be flat here on here.
 There's some slight, let's say, increase due to the
 of people who were hired last year.
 But overall, basically flat HR cost if we normalize for a variable comp.
 With regards to other non-HR costs, these will be up 1.4 percent if we normalize for
 the growth in volume. So, effectively, obviously, revenues are growing. We've seen a double
 digit, our cost base grows by 1.4% if we take out the growth in volume driven processing
 costs, that's meant to the fixed nature of most of our cost base.
 In regards to, let's say, that position of the group, we should look at it with SIA or
 or at least I look at it with C included,
 We have received antitrust approval,
 and Paolo will speak to this in a second,
 but basically, you know, now we have the uncertainty.
 If we look at the combined numbers, both of net debt and EBITDA, so adding on to our last
 12 months that EBITDA also sees 327 million euros of EBITDA for the last 12 months and
 and we include CSAs, 820 million euros of net debt,
 Our overall ratio is 3.6 times leverage, which is three times if you include also runway
 which we announced as part of this transaction.
 And this we expect to unwind pretty quickly in the leverage with the profile we highlighted
 of the announcement.
 Just a reminder that three-quarters of our indebtedness is fixed rates, so moving into
 would say potentially higher rate environment, I think we feel pretty comfortable with regards
 to our capital structure.
 So, that said, I will pass the floor back on to Bala, so he can take us through the
 Thank you, Bernardo.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Bernardo.
 In Bernardo, page 20, a quick update on CSE reported over the last few days, there is
 up for the quarter, the revenues were up 9.3 percent, and EBITDA was up 12.9 percent,
 so very close to the rest of the group performance here today's results are even higher than
 I think has been anticipated that at the beginning of the conversation around SIA, first half
 of the year is...
 ...
 is a bit richer than the second alpha, basically due to phasing and a very specific event and
 nothing to do with underlying it, as far as the cruising genre is concerned, as you know,
 Italian
 tracers approved
 The deal on October 14th, there were remedies specifically in the areas that are connected
 to national products, and this is something consistent with what our expectation is, what
 we believe is very much correct.
 In terms of remedies, there is only one of them
 that is structural and this remedy has to do with what I would call the National Clearing
 non-separate clearing. To be precise, the size of that business is about 6 million euros
 of revenues a full year, about two to three of EBITDA,
 more or less with by the way revenues declining
 because we're talking about products such as, for example,
 We will be obviously implementing and working to implement these remedies as we speak.
 peak and we expect to close by the end of the year. We still have two or three
 alterations missing, but they tend to be either a bit more technical or in any case that you
 at the end of the process, as for example,
 of exchange regulator for the approval of the prospectus.
 And everything else is in line in terms of preparing for the execution of the closing
 in these time frame.
 On page 21, you have a bit broader update on what is happening on the various fronts.
 You may remember we did tell you the possible restructuring
 our transformation plan on different work streams and so on and so forth, a quick update on
 the technology side that basically we already have a one new group technology plan and we
 already started to execute around some areas, for example,
 capex saving the duplication, pulling together a group of each
 delivery under one hub, optimizing infrastructure ready to execute process platform consolidation
 and as soon as we close, see, and many other areas of initiatives, as far as instruction
 operation action is concerned, we have already started to optimize to novel management in
 the chair side, and we are ready to execute the full integration of NEXIA in Italy, while
 There are many other operational activities already ongoing, as far as procurement is
 These constraints are working on this a few months back and we have a very detailed plan
 defined in that we've already closed close to close already 12 strategic negotiations
 and as far as reminiscing, you are concerned with the touch
 on a few of them before but things are already working together starting from the lower-ending
 And even on the sear side, we did use a green team approach to prepare a very detailed commercial
 plan to be able to go out as soon as we close in upselling more products and services to
 our customers in Italy to begin with.
 All in, we expect to have synergies for about 100 million euro of cash for next year.
 part of this is CAPEX, as you can imagine, is one of the areas where it's easier to optimize
 and faster to optimize, but we're progressing on all the initiatives here until about one
 under new year of cash changes in the year and therefore obviously the exit rate would
 be much higher than that.
 Let me now move to page 23.
 In short, we are basically simply confirming the guidance that we gave you last time when
 And we talked for the first time about the new aggregated group.
 This is valid, obviously, for next end net.
 And I just remember that we did upgrade our guidance report to one result that when we
 we're talking about next year.
 And we're now confirming all of this, about 10% revenue growth in the year about 11 to
 13 percent, a bit of growth with margin expansion, both versus 2021, 2020 and even more, 2019
 It was a more normal year, about 3 percentage points, about 37-19, broadly stable capital
 I think I shoulda ratio.
 Thank you very much.
 with the participation of the M&A in CNGES and last but not least, as Bernardo showed you,
 to continue the cash flow generation and progress in the leveraging over the long-term starting
 from a new level that is exactly in line with what the plan was, with what we did announce
 when we define that, that use it with sia and omit.
 So page 24, I will not go through all of it again.
 key messages for today.
 Continue the recovery and acceleration of volumes across all geographies with clear signals
 of acceleration of cash to digital payment across, again, all geographies, very strong
 performance with double-digit revenue growth in the quarter and further margin expansion
 as well, and a particular stronger performance in merchant services and solutions.
 And last but not least, progressing according to our plan and matching ahead input in the
 the new group together as a combination of the next net and SIA.
 Last one, please, as I just said, confirm the ambition for the full year.
 I'll stop there and open up for your questions.
 Excuse me, this is the Coruscant Conference Operator.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone
 cell phone.
 To remove your SAP from the question queue, please press star and two.
 please pick up the receiver when asking questions.
 Anyone who has a question may press star and one at this time.
 The first question is from Sebastian Stabowicz with Kepler-Schöwre, please go ahead.
 Yeah, hello everyone and thanks for taking the question.
 So, I know it is a bit too early to provide any precise indication for 2022, but just
 wondering if you could help us a little bit understand the dynamic behind yourself and
 your margin movie into 2022.
 We are seeing a dash or Nordic gradually recovering.
 Is it reasonable to assume a kind of acceleration
 of the trends moving into next year.
 And the second question would be more on a competitive landscape
 to understand a little bit what is happening
 in your main market, Italy.
 We discussed a couple of times.
 competitive landscape, but on your new markets like Nordics or Dash, who do you see usually
 in those markets, and do you see any start-growing quios in those markets moving from online
 to installs and trying to compete on the SMBs or it is not already the case.
 Thank you.
 All right, Sebastian, thank you for the questions.
 So listen, 2022, we'll talk about guidance for 2022 in February.
 That's when I try to give you our view for the year.
 I think when we did announce this, we said that our ambition was to obviously increase
 the speed of growth of the company on a larger and more resilient perimeter.
 previous pre-COVID, if you wish. Gainas was 5% to 7% revenues and I remember 13% to 16%
 Our plan is to do, obviously, better than that on the back of the new context and the
 a new group profiler. Then every single region has its own dynamics. Clearly, we see it as
 We are preparing the budget as you can imagine.
 We're actually adding, in terms of volumes,
 good expectations from the Nordics, but then there are many other specific dynamics that
 have to do with a specific contract, specific areas of investment, so I would really prefer
 two ways and give you more detailed commentary when we come to February and within a broader
 picture, but I believe that what we are observing, as we speak, and the data that we show you
 in terms of specific individual sectors are confirming that we see growth potential in
 Nordics as well on top of Italy or Germany and obviously places like Poland or Central
 based on Europe.
 Listen, when it comes to the dynamics in the other markets, I think that in the other markets
 We are seeing a little bit of dynamics that I mentioned before.
 I mean, in the SME space, you see these new answers.
 But to be honest with you, it's a little bit more,
 We don't see for the moment in our geographies other players becoming more visible or more
 aggressive. So this is a competition that we know and is very much focused on new two-car
 segments. In the commerce space, you tend to see a little bit the same players around
 I mean, the strikes and the paypal, and like I would say, no major new dynamic there.
 clearly like making a more inroads, smaller merchants on the back of the strong punishability
 the data in Shopify, in the markets where Shopify is strong, but, as I said before, now
 We're also strengthening that our position for the partnerships with the other content
 management systems and e-commerce enablers.
 And when it comes to LACA, I would say a bit more of the same of what I said before, no,
 So adding the more present and in general international acquires being present but nothing
 really major.
 As you know, by now, Pilates is becoming a bigger phenomena, and we're actually benefiting
 from that ourselves with rate pay,
 Klarna is becoming more active in the Nordics and I would say in Germany as well, you know,
 Now it's particularly successful in Sweden where, honestly, we're not very exposed as
 of discussing the path.
 When it comes to online players moving more in store, in particular SMEs, to begin with
 you for the moment, we don't see a lot of movement.
 You don't have yet any successful case of other PSPs or account or account providers
 or by now you'll be able to provide us in a semi-semi-space.
 which is actually, as you've seen, is the one majority of our revenues in that channel.
 So it remains a very, very specific space.
 It's very local.
 is very still, very much connected with banks, requires a lot of specific attention and the
 more segmented, more realized that.
 because he didn't want to look us in the eye.
 So I would say nothing really new from that angle.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from James Goodman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you very much. I'm just looking into the fourth quarter firstly. I mean you've reiterated
 related to the guidance for the year, 10% growth.
 I mean previously specified an H2 gross to get there I think was 11% to 13% and obviously
 you can sort of do the calculation around Q4.
 But I guess my question is, is it fair to expect an acceleration, perhaps, across all
 all your geographies into Q4, I mean, we've got a weaker comparative base, I think, in
 the Italian business, including the progressive reopening across the Nordics, but particularly
 DAC, I mean, given the travel exposure that you have there. That's the first question.
 And then maybe to sort of follow up on the EBITDA for the quarter and for the outlook,
 Can you make a comment?
 I mean, we can see the revenue, I suppose, more or less,
 So it's a next-year net for the quarter,
 but can you just make a comment on the EBITDA performance
 between next year and next for the quarter
 and as we, you know, look out to the full year there,
 I mean, you're sort of in the middle of your 11% to 13% range at the moment, but depending
 on what you say about revenues for Q4.
 Is there any reason to expect that it are not to grow similar to revenues in the fourth
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Did you install it, Bernardo, you want to take it?
 Yeah, sure.
 So the question on the fourth quarter is, and I would say it's a difference between our
 guidance and where we are on the third quarter. So as you said, the math is pretty easy. What
 What we can say is that we expect the fourth quarter revenue growth to accelerate compared
 to the third quarter, and this is primarily
 driven by merchant services performance
 to be stronger in the fourth quarter and stronger if you want
 than the third quarter.
 Overall, for the year, though, I would take what Paolo said with regards to overall guidance,
 which is to grow revenues double-digit.
 The second question you asked was, was it on EBIT Agro for Next in Nets, is that right?
 Yeah, just in the quarter,
 between the two businesses.
 And, yeah, the relationship in the fourth quarter between revenue and EBITDA.
 Yeah, so in the third quarter, David, as I said, when we discussed the margin of accretion
 came primarily from the growth at NETS, right, where we had a significant step up from second
 43rd quarter of the 19% rule for Nibbata.
 I think that's what we would like to stick to for now in the comments.
 the fourth quarter, the top performance.
 Having said that, we've confirmed guidance
 you have a guidance for you to develop as well.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Stefan Urivic with Odo, please go ahead.
 Yes.
 Good afternoon. First of all, I'd like to ask an update, maybe, on the SIA process
 if you have any view on when you will start to consolidate the CI into the group.
 The second question is also regarding Italy, where you said that there was a 20 to 25%
 growth.
 Do you see this trend continuing into 2020?
 And if you expect kind of help plan from the Italian government to push further this penetration, thank you.
 I sit and then thank you for the session. Let me take the second one and then I will ask Bernardo to cover the first one
 and give you more details to what I've already done.
 Listen, I think we are very happy with what you're seeing in terms of growth of volumes
 that in particular on Italian cards, we expect this actually to continue into next year even
 inside the comparison, we can learn more and more.
 difficult. The reality is that today you still have a little bit of limitations here and
 there but only three even we project the fourth quarter this year we expect us continue to
 see a bit of further recovery and potentially, therefore, volume acceleration, but we remain
 quite optimistic on the outlook, taking into consideration the fact that even if most of
 all the appeal is still open,
 So I'm now open to still add some kind of complexities
 for some of these activities.
 The current initiatives, I think, as we've commented in the past, we believe ever go
 We will continue to support this opportunity because of the many, many positive contributions
 that it gives the society, the economy, taxation, transparency, and so on and so forth in these
 government has decided not to basically stop the cashback that was the most
 visible initiative and because basically it was not convinced on some of the mechanics
 And it's obviously fine.
 As we said in the past, our plans, our expectations
 are not driven by that.
 Well, we said the cash movers are very good,
 initiative, a nice initiative, but basically changing the shape of our profile.
 The good thing is that this government has actually decided to implement two more to
 newer initiatives that are more on the merchant side, and therefore incentivizing the merchants
 to basically upgrade their shop equipment and the terms basically.
 and the
 in time basically for one year.
 They're also supporting the new to cut merchants in terms of giving them the possibility to
 that from the taxes, the commissions that they pay.
 So it's a changing direction on cashback,
 But actually, a confirmed belief of importance of supporting digital payments through, I
 I would say the merchants and they're happily cooperating as much as we can with the government
 and institutions are probably implementing all of this
 and continuously provide further ideas and opportunities.
 Bernardo, you want to call her?
 Sorry, on CIM, in terms of the processors,
 bullet points on slide 20. Where are we? We're expecting a buff in approval anytime soon.
 It's a pretty, I would say, administrative process here.
 there's actually a typo in the presentation,
 Danish investment authorities have approved the transaction and then we will need to have
 the prospectus with the performance numbers approved by FAN stock exchange regulators
 similarly to what we did with NETS and that should happen again somewhere in mid-December.
 show.
 I'd say you're certainly given that antitrust approval, which was the one where most of
 work needed to be done has been obtained and we're looking to close at midnight of the 31st
 of December.
 That means going back to your question. We will be consolidating from the 1st of January next year. So you'll have a full year
 of
 validated numbers per SEA, and we will obviously, as part of this, provide you with comparison
 numbers for 2021, which includes the up and nets as if we had bought it from the first
 to January of this year.
 So you will have a same perimeter.
 and the same will go with the database
 that Daniel puts on the website.
 This, by the way, is also true for the Ubi book acquisition which closed on the 26th
 of October but has retroactive effects from the 1st of January and the same will happen
 when we close the Alpha Bank deal, which will be in the second quarter next year.
 So we will always try to make sure you have a meaningful life-life comparison in the same
 But the closing of SIA is midnight this year, so from 1st to the 29th year, you have the
 to consolidate the numbers in the actual accounts.
 Thank you. I have a quick follow-up on Germany. Did you see any weakness in Q3 compared to
 what you were expecting and are you concerned about the rise in number of COVID cases that
 could probably or potentially have some impact on your fourth quarter.
 Thank you.
 Well, I think in Germany, we see super strong as you understood the e-commerce in particular
 And in terms of COVID, yes, I mean, you write that on the fact that in the third quarter,
 there were still restrictions in Germany more than in the other geographies.
 There is an index that is actually called the refrigeration index that is quite telling
 From this point of view, in Germany, it was across Europe, at the country, we're still
 ...
 restrictions and I was there two weeks ago and you could really feel it.
 You could really feel it from the smaller things in hotels to the more visible ones.
 And this is actually, as we said before, affecting, in particular, we say the lacquer
 sector.
 The larger merchants were.
 We have, as I said, still an important exposure to the travel industry, and I would say there
 There are two angles that are particularly relevant that are a kind of intersecting between
 international travellers coming in and business travel more broadly and as you can imagine
 While in places like Italy, you have a huge amount of inbound from tourists, so international
 There has been tourism in the summer.
 that many people are going to Germany to enjoy the summer is actually the other way around.
 So the traffic there is much more business-related
 in a disease-filled suffering.
 But again, said that we've seen a good recovery also there.
 Listen, on what is happening these days, it's difficult to comment honestly.
 I think that...
 I need to understand exactly what will happen in terms of measures I was reading before
 coming, the news before coming into this call about cases growing again, but at the same
 time the measures that we're thinking about implementing were not really comparable to
 real organs and stuff like that the things we're talking about asking the
 green pass to enter in certain places like restaurants or clubs and stuff like that which
 is already happening.
 So let's see.
 I think it is really too early to say.
 I think the good news is that we have more or less of the percentage of people with vaccine
 are now high and the case is increasing, the impact on the health of the people is more
 and therefore, hopefully, the need for restrictions.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from Hannes Leitner with UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thanks for letting me on. A couple of questions also for my side. Maybe on the partnership
 strategy with ISV.
 Maybe you can talk a little bit about the economics there, and then also is there a geographic
 kind of statistics around what is currently served by those partners, especially then
 maybe also breaking down between in-store and online.
 And then maybe you can give some more color on e-commerce,
 growth for the group. You have stated here e-commerce revenue growth, but it would be
 helpful to understand also the transaction volume growth.
 And then, just in general, did you see throughout the quarter, as it developed, some shifts
 between in-store and e-commerce, that's what we did.
 Hi, Aniston, thank you for your questions.
 So let me start from the first one in here.
 I mean, maybe you can follow up a more precise case.
 I think in general, as I said, that these partnerships are
 I mean, that are happening, I would say, in every single geographies, and probably that
 actually a bit more new to Italy, even if we are very active, are happening with two
 type of players, the ones that are, and obviously the independent geography, and let me give
 you tell in case it is probably a more loser one.
 if you take into these two types of players,
 They are the ones that are coming from the ERP systems, the CRM systems, and they are
 to integrate payments and interact with across merchants from all possible industries, something
 We have products that are more specialized for certain industries, and we have a primary
 They've been partnering.
 They're partnering the same punishes with the two super key ones.
 At the same time, you have a bit more developments with the ones that we call vertical ones.
 I don't know, here's an example, pharma.com that is serving pharmacies.
 just to mention one of them.
 But what are you talking about?
 I mean, in Italy, talking about statistics,
 We have 48 of these partnerships today, Denmark, Morgan,
 Sweden more than 100, Norway almost 100, Finland more than 100, Germany more than 100 and so
 on and so forth.
 So there are many, many of those.
 It's very locked, depending on what is the relationship.
 Sometimes these punishes are more technical integration,
 So there is not a very specific economic punishment in some of the cases, like the one that was
 mentioned before. Instead, you have a go-to-market initiative. You invest together, go-to-market
 together and you share the benefit together.
 So, very, very different situations, but also evolving in an important, in an important
 way.
 Um
 As far as the media on e-commerce volume and revenue growth, you can comment, Bernardo,
 on the shift on the diesel engine quality
 but it's a very important question, I think, is the
 The clearance with you over the last time, I would say a few quarters, we have not seen
 any further acceleration of e-commerce in terms of people moving even more from physical
 to e-commerce.
 If anything, you add that in some sectors direction, the opposite direction, and therefore
 people are keen to go out and shop again in the physical world, I guess, obviously because
 now stores are open again, but more in general people being
 to go out and socialize and buy and eat in real places.
 I think that, I mean, the trend to more e-commerce remains there, but it's interesting because
 some of the acceleration that we've seen in COVID started in this first period of COVID
 Now, he's going down a bit in certain cases, working a little bit, but again, in general,
 the trend was...
 continue.
 Very good.
 You can come in now.
 Thank you very much.
 I mean, we saw that revenues grow, you know, in the third quarter, grew 36, 37 percent,
 to remember correctly from the slide in the document.
 The volume growth was actually approximately 13%
 students like 10 of the of the document. Within this clearly SME, a growing lack of
 suffers from the fact that LACA has an e-commerce component including trial-high-impact which
 you know, just close it actually to shrink in the quarter.
 So if you look at LACA without the high impact here, it's actually growing 9%, overall e-commerce
 volumes is a set of growing 13 percent and it's a mix of both.
 Okay, so it's about 25 billion e-commerce volumes in QP, approximately 3.3 billion.
 They're the group.
 Yeah, okay. Okay. Thank you
 The next question is from Sandeep Deshpande with JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks for letting me on.
 I didn't share all the questions, so please excuse me if some of this was asked before.
 In your nonics or in your overall business, you're saying that the LACA accounts are
 are lagging behind the recovery compared to the SME accounts.
 We have seen quite a different effect at players like Addian.
 Maybe you can explain why necktree is different
 in this regard as such really.
 And then secondly, is there an explanation
 why you think that the dark regions are lagging so much behind in terms of the recovery in
 in terms of the volumes and thus the revenues as such.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for the questions.
 Listen.
 The dynamic that we are observing is very much driven by the industry in XM and is very,
 very clear.
 I mean, if you make it from the high impact sectors, like airlines, to use a typical example
 or travel agencies, and so on and so forth,
 The overall balance is going into a sense,
 to pre-COVID levels, actually even more so in places like Italy, and a four-year growth
 coming back despite the fact that there is still some film restrictions around I think
 at the different dynamic that you observe with adding
 is driven by two elements, number one is that they're less exposed to travel sectors, I
 I think more broadly.
 And number two, you should also consider
 that they're actually entering new markets and expanding further.
 And if you are pointing precisely on the relative dynamics with a player like them, I go back
 24, clearly adding the player that we immensely respect to be very, very clear, they continue
 them to see them successful when they play on a global merchant with global
 CRM systems integrated with a lot of online and more limited in store and we continued
 to be successful also against them.
 So instead, you have more local regional merchants,
 more locally integrated that require local assistance and require more specialized solutions
 and more customized solutions and so on and so forth.
 When it comes up to DACA, DACA has two elements that explain the dynamic there, and I think
 is very visible when you go at page eight of the presentation where you have the volumes
 for DAC by microsector. And as you can see there, on the one side, there is a mixed
 factor, and the mixture factor has to do with the fact that the net set, no, no, no, not
 not Germany, but SEBANET was more exposed in speed,
 more exposed in terms of mix of sectors to the impact sectors, in terms of volumes, in
 of volume to travel and airlines in particular, this exposure has been diminished over time,
 but still is a relatively high exposure.
 And therefore, there's a mixed effect in Germany.
 when you look at the other sectors instead,
 No, you see a very strong performance in the building
 consumption growing anywhere around 30% to 30% plus versus 2019 and also the more discretionary
 products and services sectors coming back to growth. And at page 9 on the right you see
 some very visible examples of sectors growing double-digit in that space as well.
 So I would say it's more driven by the exposure to traveling in the mix.
 I'd say also probably the Italian SMEs were under-penetrated, but I think there's a structural
 on the penetration day which is now closing.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Mohammed Mouawalla with a Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
 Yes, good afternoon. Hi Paolo, hi Bernardo. I had a couple as well. So firstly just
 you know coming back to sort of the progression in the end of the year
 are given the easy comparisons and I think you've kind of grown broadly broad based across
 both cornexine and cornet is the kind of a, essentially,
 your findings being perhaps a bit more prudent or constructive, and it's going to be the
 kind of thinking behind that prudence.
 And then secondly, a question around, again,
 on to the competition.
 And here I just want to nuance it a bit more in that there's clearly an appetite for larger
 merchants to take kind of more traditional on the channel, but we also see the likes of
 to the valley and moving in with a kind of platform approach to address the longer tail
 with the mid-market.
 Now, what's your sort of strategy to sort of compete against that?
 And if I kind of nuance that further, the Nordics is a fairly well-finitrated market.
 And we have...
 Okay.
 You know, a number of kind of digital first players there.
 So what's your strategy to perhaps defend your position
 or even kind of grow your business there.
 And then the last one for Bernardo,
 when we look at the kind of EBITDA performance,
 This was quite strong.
 In terms of sort of the synergy realisation of nets, it seemed like they were sort of
 making
 teams type cost savings. Could you give us a bit more colour around where those savings
 came from and as we go forward, what's kind of the path and what are the kind of levers
 in terms of the synergies that you expect to extract to sort of hit the milestones for
 will be the next kind of payout to be achieved.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Mohan. Thank you for the few questions.
 questions. I will cover the second and I will end over to Daraa Riza if there is a question.
 And let me try to be specific here.
 First of all, LACA, as you understood for the group,
 is about 5%, a bit less than 10% of total revenues,
 Revenue is about nine on total a much answer is about
 about half or 60%, so about more or less 5% of the time to begin with.
 Nevertheless, we believe it's actually an opportunity for the new NEXY in particular and to be clear,
 The competition from players like Abien is there.
 As I said before, they are very good, they are more focused on certain matters than others,
 And I'm sure they will try to move a bit more into the market on smaller players.
 At the same time, no, I think the good news is that in those markets,
 the markets were represented, were very interesting,
 And we're actually investing to build stronger
 in the camp of omnichannel products and services, omnichannel integration, analytics capabilities,
 and that would continue.
 So you will see a nice, competitive dynamic where there
 We will try to do it and we will defend our turf from the back off being local but also
 scale up and for being able to invest in new products and services.
 At the end of the day, if you wish, each one of the two of us is strong and weak at the
 the same time based on our strategies, in a sense that the key strength of place like
 Agony is the one platform theme that has many positives, but also a lot of
 limitations when you have to start playing with smaller players, more complex players,
 more integrated players at New York,
 that don't have integrated CRNs that are less sophisticated
 that require a lot of the local care.
 And so forth.
 position is the other way around.
 Yeah, it's true.
 We are a more complex in terms of a technology set up and class and so on and so forth.
 But at the end of the day, it makes us quite effective in serving the local needs in the
 being closer to the customers, being able to integrate effectively with their needs.
 And, for example, segmenting by industry more effectively for what is relevant, so I think
 we continue to see this dynamic in each one of the two last
 will do its best.
 I think the good news is that, in many cases,
 the market that is growing, yeah?
 No, so I'm sure that there will be space for place like that, yeah, there will be space
 that are placed like us, and customs will choose depending
 and what is the prevailing need that they have.
 Fernando, is this the third?
 Yeah, so it's, I think we're going back to, so I think James asked a similar question
 earlier on so I can only go back to what we said earlier we expect the fourth
 quarter to be better than the third quarter in terms of top-line growth and that, you know,
 I think with regards to the degree of prudence in this, we won't comment on that.
 our guidance, since our guidance were committed to deliver it, hopefully we will do better,
 but that's what I'm prepared to say on that front.
 With regard to NET, as I mentioned earlier, the EBITDA growth in the third quarter for
 net was 19%, 18.8%, if I remember correctly, and 19% compared to 2020.
 I expect that to improve in the fourth quarter of this year.
 I think that's also implicit in what we had said some time ago, how we were aiming to
 hit an EBITDA for NETS, which lies within the earn-out range for NETS, it was agreed
 with the sellers back at the end of last year.
 So, this growth in EBITDA, which is obviously, you know, fueled by tough land growth, is
 is also aided by the realization of synergies within NETS.
 And I think that was your question,
 because of synergies coming from the next net integration.
 Well, those this year are, I would say,
 total approximately 10 million euros, mostly CAPEX, a small portion of that would be in
 in our fourth quarter numbers.
 And with regards to next year follows,
 already said, we're targeting 100 million euros of cash synergies from the three entities
 approximately, I'd say 60% of that will be PNL synergies and the rest will be CAPEX synergies.
 Okay, thank you
 Next question is from Alberto Villa with Intermontasim. Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon. Thank you for the presentation. I have just one question is on the
 By now, pay later business, can you give us some color on the revenues you are generating
 in this unit, the growth you are expecting and if you have any thoughts on the strategy
 on this segment going forward.
 if you want to expand it or to exit or what's your thought on the opportunity there.
 Thank you very much.
 So our strategy in the space is at the end of the day, two-fold, no, we are happy to
 disaster that is called a red pay, just to be explicit, this is operating at the moment
 in Germany, in Germany only with potential to stand up as we are at some point, and it
 an autopilot therapy is focused on the merchant side.
 So we don't have a consumer-facing strategy like the Klarnaz.
 They're really fine with the merchants.
 they normally wipe label and afford really the best possible partner for merchants that's
 where they are successful.
 The business is going better rapidly, depending on the court,
 is anywhere between 50% and 100%.
 So I think last quarter was about 70, 75.
 and it's become a sizable business.
 to provide the details of this data is getting bigger and bigger, so we're talking about
 the tens and tens and tens of millions of euros per quarter now.
 So this is one side of the strategy, at the same time we also recognize the fact that
 If you want to, if you have as your core,
 e-commerce strategy.
 strategy, the one providing a great acceptance to merchants, now you have to be able to provide
 And the relevant, the locality relevant binoculator methods together with other alternative payment
 methods, and therefore, in our geographies, we're also offering more and more the possibility
 to use other, by now, critical methods that we partner with.
 And I believe these will continue to be the way forward.
 Now, clearly, the other way around, it works as well.
 and for a company like Red Pay,
 because it's technically a company,
 is also partnering with other PSPs.
 So in Germany, they're used by the add-ons, the wallpays, the DSP1s, and the computops
 So at the moment we have these two parallel strategies.
 He's very, very, very clear that going forward,
 continue to partner with more and more of them and we have the owners of these past growing
 being insizable by now for the rest of it.
 You said it.
 Yes.
 San Gropo.
 Yeah.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you, Bertha.
 The next question is from Paul Cratt with Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 questions.
 Just three questions from my end.
 And I think, firstly, when I look at your next figures on the presentation, that excludes
 volumes from Dancourt. So it would be helpful if you maybe give us some color over how kind
 as the volumes looked including these figures and if they differ materially I guess from
 what you presented.
 The other thing that I'd also be interested in hearing as well is on the Jira card side,
 I appreciate the minority of your volumes in Germany, but how have the volumes on the
 Jurokart5.
 trended where historically I think you guys have been actually a shared gainer in that
 market admittedly off of a relatively low base.
 And I guess the final question is a little bit bigger picture,
 but when we start thinking about capital allocation
 of the combined entity, I mean you guys will be able to deliver the business relatively
 rapidly at the current pace.
 I mean, is there any kind of updated thoughts you have around potential M&A, whether that
 switch is...
 maybe more towards e-com, maybe looking at assets, for example, like a computop in Germany
 to maybe strengthen your presence in e-com.
 Thanks.
 Hi Paul, good mix of the 10 questions and a super strategic one as well, that's great.
 Listen, on the first Zoom, I think we'll come back to you with a bit more detail if it's
 It's important to you.
 I think in general, and I think you're on the second one,
 On Jair Karujarra clearly challenges in that space.
 And before we want to grow in the state,
 No, it's not that.
 but concurrence is coming from a position
 or they were mainly acquired for international schemes.
 A little bit like what Carter C. was in Italy back five years ago, six years ago.
 from there that move the of the last year or two into offering the full package. So the
 terminal and basically acquiring across all schemes including gyrocast, so I don't have
 time what the numbers by
 ...
 but really that's a space for development.
 I think we'll come back to you because, honestly, we don't have a precise answer.
 But, probably, instead of capitalizing on this, I think we'll come back to you because,
 the location coming to the very question.
 Our focus today is really, really, really on getting the three companies together,
 delivering these energies and most importantly building a stronger and stronger and stronger
 company for our customers, our people, and our shareholders.
 Along the way, as you always said, we will continue to consider opportunities, but it's
 our beauty, somehow, but we really, really focus on the ones that make the absolute sense
 for us. I think what we've done with Ubi or Alphabet Bank is very clear. We'll be looking
 And I don't know if you didn't do it for very good reasons,
 about it was about UT, to look at it.
 And I think we continue to do so going forward, as you can imagine, we cannot talk about specific
 taking into account the fact that with the leverage and the divest with the potential
 the rest of the assets that are not core and so on and so forth and we also consider putting
 more investments, more organic investments, not because there is always this feeling that
 that M&A is either than massive organic investments, actually not given where we are as a company
 And given that, no, I'll match it.
 We are keen to invest in jobs such as German or in spaces such as e-commerce, and that
 is also another important area of investment.
 So I believe you will see a portfolio of those, but really,
 Our focus today is now to deliver in a watch we have already committed to you.
 I'm not really trying to give you a proper safe answer on what.
 That's probably best if we come back to you on this.
 Okay, let us come back to you before we give an answer that is not reliable.
 That's absolutely fair. Thank you very much. Just maybe one quick follow-up is on the divestment of non-core assets.
 I mean, how should we start thinking of that?
 Is that part of a regular portfolio review that you would do on an annual basis, or are
 Are we just talking more about, you know, concessions that would come as a result of
 empty trust?
 No, no.
 No, no, no, I want to be very clear.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for giving me the opportunity to clarify this.
 On the antitrust thing we will have to do
 because it's a request by the antitrust,
 But again, it's about a business that is 6 million euros of revenues, probably two or
 We'll see you in the next video.
 declining revenues because it's a legacy business, checks and the likes, so there's nothing
 to do with the best strategy.
 I don't even know.
 that is worth, that we are doing our own work, but we're really talking about a very, very
 small thing. Instead, what is very much right is the first of the two things you said that
 It is an ongoing, a regular, strategic review of our portfolio of assets to make sure that
 to put our resources and focus and energy on what is strategic for our future, and instead
 we let the other assets to be owned by better owners than us for whom they are strategic.
 strategic.
 Let's forget, as a benchmark data, before the company was listed, actually, we need
 We did do a 506 M&A deal where we bought stuff.
 We did do 12 when we solved stuff.
 So we like to clean as much as possible the portfolio and focus, and we continue to do
 And some of these businesses would love them, would love to continue to have them, but actually
 doesn't make sense for them and for us. So I think it's very rational. I think we always
 It could be very rigorous.
 We very continue to be very regressive.
 Look at what, for example, also next exam, when they solve the corporate services in
 and services to masquerade, by the way,
 It's a very interesting and attractive evaluation, and we'll continue to do so.
 I think it's good discipline, right?
 I tried to give you an update on this, ideally, in February,
 together with Daukins for the new year.
 That's really clear.
 The next question is from Alexander Ford with exam PMP Paribas. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing in.
 had a couple of questions.
 And one is going back on your sort of own alternative
 statement in the first few to account to accounting for them or rate rate in Germany
 I was wondering if you could go back on the economics of explaining to me whether they're
 to your take rate, for instance.
 And as a side question to that, I was wondering,
 should you then have differentiating factors to win wallet share with a given account,
 you know, have you found yourself in a position where you went to a merchant to sell on the
 rate paid and you ended up selling, you know, a much wider range of services. So that'd
 That would be my first two-part question.
 question is on Italy with time. I think we mentioned in the past that there's quite a
 to be provided to the digital payment in Italy,
 I think on the consumer side, I was wondering if you have your own initiative to perhaps
 to lower access and costs for merchants
 and that company has transitioned to digital, new pricing plans, low cost terminals, any
 in a specific initiative you're pushing as we go into 2022.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Alexandra.
 So in the end, APNs are both economics and strategy, and Italy, if you are doing anything,
 on that lower cost for much of it.
 So listen, let me start from the second one around it today.
 I think the good news for merchants actually is that prices are actually going down in
 in our sector, it's absolutely normal because when the volumes go up, you need to repress
 is go down. It's almost a low of the economy unless you have monopolies or Duopolis, which
 is not the case in our industry, that is very competitive.
 The good news is that the combination of volume growth and a new unit of pressure is going
 down is positive, and on top of it, you also have a very good story.
 So prices are trying to go down, as always happened.
 If you like it, the one thing that you're doing more fast in range is driven by complete
 dynamics is also to design prepositions for the merchants that are newer to these products
 and services.
 become new to card segment 10, we are offering a nice entry level, almost tri and bi-type
 of situations we believe is important, although it is not necessarily on the rate, because
 a customer that is new to cards doesn't know how much they will use.
 For them, the body of 20 is more the terminal.
 And that's where we have launched, as well, the mobile post-terminal that doesn't have
 fixed rate per month, but it is basically a small one after depending on the campaign
 So, I support these.
 that normally below 50 euros, 49 euros.
 Again, with a higher merchant feed, and then we upgrade the merchant to a proposition that
 more suited for higher volumes.
 and can instead on the APM method and so on and so forth.
 Let me try to give you the overview of Enna,
 Fernando, can Elvion comment a bit better?
 First of all, economics.
 But clearly the economics are very different if you are talking about APNs that you own
 or IPMs that you distribute on your partner website, we should distinguish between account
 to account and by now Pelletor for the ones that you own.
 By now, Perlator has an amazing growth.
 profitability wise is actually lower, because obviously it comes with a certain cost of risk.
 It is very much under control, but is actually material, and by the way, in the specific
 case, rate pay is also investing in growth, as well as every other player in the industry.
 I'm sure you've seen the numbers from some of these players and they're quite explicit
 about it.
 Actually, it pays profitable.
 This is good news.
 I'll keep on investing in growth.
 Account-to-account is normally more profitable and there is a cost to develop the ecosystem
 because it's a two-sided business model.
 So you have to sell it to the consumer and sell it to the merchant once they see the
 the system. If you have normally, it comes with a nice variable, variable margin. Instead,
 When you distribute, you can really have any type of build,
 to be honest with you.
 Now, the more you are the one facing the customer
 and distributing to the customer,
 the better the economics are if it is just a technical integration than your economics
 that are much lighter.
 But actually, for some of them, the economics are quite comparable with the ones that we
 I have one card to be clear, you know, and I cannot give you a specific example because
 I could, but I cannot, in terms of disclosure, but I have in mind at least a couple of examples
 was where the economy started, exactly one in Italy and one in another place where the
 had been to the same that we had on CARB.
 I mean, I think I'm not sure I understand exactly your question because the communication
 was
 It's not very clean, but if your question is,
 How do you guys balance on the strategy when I have a strong APM, do I give it to everybody?
 to expand it, or do I monetize it by differentiating myself on the acceptance side?
 I think that's a very, very, very relevant strategic question that does not have one
 and ask her that he's always the same.
 product and buy market because it really depends on the specific market dynamics but again
 If I use the example I said before on binopilator, it's quite clear, right?
 rate pay is a binopulator acceptance method on basically every merchant, merchant, e-commerce
 merchant, sorry, e-commerce, a quieter e-commerce PSP in Germany.
 Why?
 market share, and therefore, if you are leaving it only to us, it would be too much of a restriction
 for the full potential of the product.
 but maybe in another market with a different starting
 complete the position of the market share
 different direction.
 So I think we need to distinguish as Paula did between accounts account and BMPL starting
 with BMPL, we should rethink it as a different product
 So in terms of the margin accretion or the take rate accretion, it really depends where
 you cut the PNL because there is a cost of risk element there that you have in the NBNPL
 but not in account to account.
 So cake rates would be higher, but then if you go to the very bottom line right now,
 obviously, as you've seen in some of the other larger
 just to those for players and to be in a tail space.
 you have the cost of risk and the need to take into account.
 Whereas accounts account, I think in terms of the top line,
 should think of it as being priced in the various geographies in which it's present,
 more similar to domestic rails, but depending on how lean or efficient they are with the
 margin being similar to what a card acquirer could be in that same market.
 So in terms of margins, it shouldn't be diluted.
 Got it. Thank you. Thanks very much for all them on the call ahead
 The next question is from Simonetta Kiriotti with RadioBank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 Just a quick question on synergies during the presentation of the first type of results
 You mentioned the possibility of increasing synergies by 10%
 in the long term.
 something that you are still considering possible.
 Thank you.
 So Simone, this is a short answer, yes.
 Good job.
 Thank you.
 Yes, absolutely, I mean as we were defining better and better plans, that isn't why last
 We'll give you these highlights that this time we're giving you our outlook for next
 year.
 We will continue to do it.
 continue to clap the more we have the ability to be honest with you it goes
 goes in phases, in the sense that we had that, obviously, when we did close it to this, we
 We had our own view that was outside in on the opportunity.
 Then as we're closing the deal, we do our first round of inside-out view of the opportunities
 in the long term and then we go into the more year by year detailed plans and so this is
 a little bit what is happening. We'll continue to keep you updated but the short answer is
 Yes.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Antonin Bodrivid, HSBC, please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for taking my question.
 two if I may.
 I would have to, I really want to have your view on the current micro-economic environment
 especially inflation.
 We see inflation coming in the U.S. and certainly in Europe soon, so how do you see inflation
 impacting your revenue growth.
 I mean, your venue is starting to really hit you too.
 the value of transaction at the same time
 inflation could decrease the number of transactions.
 So how do you see inflation on your revenue growth?
 My second question is about M&A.
 I understand that your focus will be to integrate the two
 acquisition you did, but how do you consider
 of your model to address adjacent segments like business to business, the payment for
 for example. Thank you.
 My entering let me take the second one on a minute and then I pass over to Bernardo because I'm a poor engineer is going to call me
 So I can probably give you much more.
 Yes, right.
 That's what we're looking at, sir.
 I think here we will have to remain focused not only on what we do, but also on what we
 consider because also that screaming opportunities or engaging in processes is by itself an organizational
 And we are trying to stay as much focused as we can.
 I rated it probably what I said in the past, the two key areas of focus for us where we
 engage and remain, our priorities remain at the end of the day in merchant, I mean, first
 is mainly merchant services. Now, first one being merchant books especially in the markets
 where we are ready and on a relationship
 that we already have, because for us it's important
 to follow our banks and other strategies
 partner with them, and this is what we've done, for example, on Ubi, on Alfa Bank as
 as well, and so on.
 The secondary is more broadly e-commerce,
 both in terms of geographies and also capabilities.
 And if you wish, as an expansionist of this,
 to work with.
 Thank you.
 world of software that can be
 effectively integrated with
 And these small examples of all the birds is a nice one.
 That does not mean that we go after many of those necessarily.
 We will base it very, very carefully, and we really want to understand it before.
 We do it also because, again, the position where the market partnerships are also very
 good, and therefore we want to learn more about the business, but clearly e-com and e-com
 and that merchant books are for us the key areas.
 Fernando?
 I'm patient as well.
 Thanks, Paolo, for his economist, but giving me my 10 cents worth, but I don't believe
 Europe will definitely lag the U.S. and probably not have such a steep increase in inflation
 even though it's lingering.
 I argue or my view is that our business is actually geared to benefit from from inflation
 as you were saying, two-thirds of our revenues are volume-driven, and most of that comes
 and from the value of the transaction.
 Conversely, our cost base is predominantly fixed and obviously there may be some wage
 price inflation, Europe tends to be stickier or more resilient than the U.S. on that front.
 but that should give us some protection,
 but more importantly, we pay our processing costs
 on a per transaction basis so we'd have a nice spread
 between revenues growing because of volume growth.
 Thanks for watching.
 suggesting lower transaction numbers with lower processing costs.
 In addition, on the capital structure front, I mentioned it earlier, I think two quarters
 of our capital base is, or our fixed income capital bases effectively fixed rates, so
 inflationary pressures should deflate the value of this debt, so beneficial to us.
 And in the very short term, I think it's one and a half billion
 of our liabilities are indexed to URIBOR, but URIBOR is forwarded at zero, and therefore
 we have some adsorption capacity in that built into our
 That's for sure.
 And that net might take is that we're net beneficiaries of any pressures.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you wish to register for a question, please press star and one on your telephone.
 Mr. Bertoluz, there are no more questions registered at this time.
 Do you perhaps have any closing comments?
 Well, thank you. I think that's that's a simple comment. Thank you for for being with us. Thank you for the many
 Any important questions?
 I lived across numbers, outlook, and strategies,
 But I think it's important to have always that at the core as well.
 Again, simple messages for us continue the volume recovery across all geographies, I think
 is really important strategically, not just financially for us, a good, strong financial
 performance across the board in revenues and the margin as well and last but not least
 that we continue to progress in the group coming together to have a stronger company
 for the future across the board.
 So thank you very much, and looking forward
 to see many of you over the next few days and weeks and hopefully in person and in great
 to see that some of the meetings are starting to be in person again.
 Thank you very much.
 Enjoy the rest of the day.