 Good afternoon. This is the Corusco Conference Operator.
 welcome and thank you for joining the next
 third quarter 2021
 Financial Results Conference Call.
 as a reminder
 all participants
 are in listen-only mode.
 After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Should anyone need assistance during the conference call, they may signal an operator by pressing star and zero on their telephone.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paolo Bertoluzzo, CEO of Maxi.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning.
 good morning to everybody on this call
 and thank you for joining us
 in our third quarter
 results
 session
 As usual, I'm here with
 I don't know.
 I'm in Grunia.
 of Sifo and Stefania Mantegast
 as leading investor relations
 but we have also
 of your other colleagues connected
 and here with us
 in case that is needed.
 As usual, I will start giving you a little bit of an update on where we see the volumes
 going and evolving
 on the back of the evolution of COVID.
 Then I will also give you a short business update with focus on merchant services.
 then I will hand over to Bernardo
 who cover financial results.
 I will come back
 to give you a quick update
 on where we are in creating the European pay-tech leader
 and bring the new group together.
 and obviously I will conclude
 commenting
 on guidance
 that, as you know, has been confirmed for the full year already.
 before I go in
 let me remind
 that to everybody.
 this is the first time for us
 in presenting
 the aggregated numbers
 of Nexi and Net
 last time
 you may remember Bernardo
 gave you an overview of what Proforma, the profile of the new group, would have looked
 like to kind of introduce the
 topic. This time we are reporting
 integrated Nexinnet.
 We will cover the performances by region, which will give you an indication of how things are going.
 We'll probably make a few more comments on the stand-alone performances,
 But, as I said, we are reporting for the first time in an integrated way.
 And then at the end of the presentation, we'll have time, as always, for your questions.
 Now, let me start, as usual, with key messages at page three.
 the three messages
 basically are reinforcing the same pre-messages we had
 of the last
 couple of
 quarters. Number one
 observed continued
 and buoyant recovery and acceleration across the various geographies.
 In Italy, we continue to see a strong volume performance with Italian cards growing anywhere
 between 20% to 25% versus 2019,
 that again I remember to everybody is always our benchmark here because it was the pre-COVID
 here
 next to Italy
 we've seen also a good recovery
 in the Nordics
 that came back
 to positive over the last few weeks as a total with some stronger performances across many
 sectors.
 The duct region is still recovered.
 is not back
 to the previous level at full
 but actually seeing a strong
 the consumption growth
 And also, more recently, we've seen the discretionary sector coming back to positive here.
 the travel sector impact
 data for our
 reasons that
 still relevant in volumes, is the one that is still behind, although recovering.
 At that point, we see an acceleration stronger in SMEs than in LACA, this has to do also
 with the different profiles of the different sectors in terms of mix of SMEs, a lack of
 But we believe this is really positive for our positioning and for the outlook as well.
 Last but not least, we continue to see clear signals of acceleration of cash
 to digital payment transition across all sectors and visible in all geographies,
 also the ones that have already
 more penetrated.
 message number one
 Message number two, also in the third quarter, we've seen strong and growing financial performance.
 revenues for the group
 were at 10.1%
 in the quarter in acceleration
 versus the previous two quarters for a total of 9.6% in the nine months.
 We've seen, in particular, strong revenue growth performance in venture services and solutions for both Nexium Nets,
 at very similar levels, plus 12.2% for the total in the third quarter, 10.6% year to date.
 And again, here you see an acceleration.
 e-commerce revenues were particularly strong at plus 32%,
 despite the fact that the travel related sectors
 are still affected by COVID.
 EBITDA in the quarter was up 14.6%, up 12.3% from the beginning of the year with continued
 margin expansion that in the third quarter
 was at 53%
 up to percentage points versus last year.
 third message
 we continue to progress
 in the creation of
 the European
 and pay-tech leader,
 see as a report
 again stronger
 stand-alone performance
 and your comments
 on a dedicated page.
 As you know, we have received the antitrust approval on October 14th on the combination
 of Nexian SIA
 and the closing is now expected by year-end.
 in the meantime
 Matt, we have closed the deal
 with some
 Intesa on the Ubi Merchant Book.
 Yesterday, we've also signed the deal with Alphabank to create a joint venture in
 the future.
 This is still in Greece.
 closing is expected at some point in the second half, probably the second quarter of, sorry,
 in the second half
 probably
 the second quarter of
 next year.
 And last
 minute,
 please we made them
 then a small
 by our strategic investment
 for our future
 in a company called Orderbird
 and he's
 the leading
 DAC
 merchant
 software solution for hospitality sector present also in other geographies it's a small investment
 and we're talking about 16 million euros.
 we've increased our
 ownership from
 at 20%.
 We were already there to 40% with a clear path to control.
 and we are very happy for this
 because it's the first real SMO test for us
 in entering in a deeper way
 the software space
 especially for SMEs
 starting from Germany that is a very strategic market for us
 and expanding in other places as well.
 On the back of all of this, we have confirmed our ambition for 2021 on a Nexinets combined level.
 Well, revenues respect them to grow at about 10% year-over-year, and EBITDA respect EBITDA
 to grow at 11% to 13% year over year.
 Now, before I go into volumes, let me jump to page 5 as a quick reminder, this is the
 of the group
 we have a
 group that sees about 60% of the
 using merchant services and solutions
 with a strong exposure to e-commerce.
 29% is what we call cards and digital payments, and the remaining 10% is what we call digital banking and corporate solutions.
 Second, the group is highly, highly exposed to markets with super strong and very, very long-term and secular growth opportunity in digital payments.
 71% is
 of our revenues
 are in low-penetration markets, such as Italy, such as Germany, such as the Central European
 ones and southern European ones
 number three
 64% of our revenues are coming
 from volume and
 36% from installed or installed
 like a type of
 ready in the last man of Christ
 we have a fairly strong
 operating leverage.
 Now, let me jump into volumes and cover it first, and then I will also give you an highlight on what we see happening in the other key geographies.
 page number six
 In the usual page, the dark blue line is the total here.
 we're focusing on merchant services where we have more insights
 and therefore the dynamics are more interesting
 the dark blue line is
 the total
 as well. The lighter blue one is actually on Italian cards, the grey one is on international
 gardener for visitors to Italy.
 Here, you see that after the summer, we continue to basically grow revenues compared to 2019,
 anywhere in between 10 to 20%,
 sometimes they're also above 20%,
 and here
 there is
 a clear
 a strong contribution from Italian cards
 have been growing anywhere in between 20% to 30% over the last few months.
 I would say particularly interesting is also the dynamic in the international visitors' cards.
 up. Here you see that he had a very, very
 fast recovery uh in the summer leading to august where now we went back to the levels of pre-covid
 mainly driven by
 European visitors with
 Americans and
 Asians being
 still not present
 or present in a very limited way,
 then with the slowdown again
 but then I'll have a strong recovery over the last few weeks.
 this dynamic is
 probably explained by the fact that the
 touristic side
 of international travel
 is recovering in fact
 People are really keen to travel as soon as they can do it.
 Well, actually, the business traveler dynamic is still behind.
 And therefore, depending on the moment of the season, probably we will continue to see these dynamics happening.
 Hopefully, the recovery of October is also due to the fact that we had less restrictions
 also for business travel.
 So it's a combination of business travelers coming a bit back and actually holidays in
 some countries in Europe
 in the latter part of October as well.
 Jumping to Pitch 7, we have the usual split by macro sectors.
 This is the total, so this is not separating Italian cards versus international cards,
 and therefore the sectors are also affected by the dynamic that I was explaining before.
 Here we see a very strong continued growth in the basic consumption sectors like groceries,
 facilities, medical, and so on and so forth, growing anywhere around 30%, 30%, 34%, 37%
 in the last week, and we see the other two sectors now moving kind of similarly anywhere
 in between, I would say, 5% to 10% year-over-year
 with a super strong recovery
 I would say definitely faster than expected, in particular in the impact sectors.
 and I would say in particular in
 restaurants, and bars.
 So this is a dynamic we're observing in Italy.
 We'll come back in a moment to give you a bit more insight on specific subsections because
 So I think it's interesting.
 On page eight, we see instead the dynamics,
 We observe the dynamics in the Nordic area and in the Dak region.
 if you just take the
 total before going into the subsector space.
 We have observed a plus 12% growth in October across both, across the net, if you like,
 geographies
 2%
 growth of our SMEs
 versus 2019
 LACA instead were still behind
 but actually if you strip out
 the effect of the impact consumption sectors growing as well, plus 8%.
 last but not least
 We also see a good recovery in issuing, now growing 5% in net geographies and basically
 disease mini.
 relating to the Nordics.
 As we're talking about the Nordics, here you see in the top graph the Dynamica, Nordics
 back to positive from September
 and actually growing further in October.
 as a total they've been growing 7%
 versus 2019 in terms of volumes
 actually the last week
 It was actually double-digit with 12%, very strong and continued performance on the basic
 consumption sectors above 30%, actually 45% in the last week, the discretionary consumption
 sector trending a bit
 slower, but now close to zero, and a good recovery over the last few months also for
 the high-impact sectors
 over the last month
 at minus 1%.
 Last but not least, in the DAC region, and here most of the volumes are actually associated
 to Germany.
 Here you see a continued strong performance of growth in the basic consumption sectors.
 you see actually
 discretionary services
 going back to
 positive
 8% last week, 2%
 in October versus 2019.
 Here, the sector that is still behind is actually the one that is related to travel, and here
 In Germany, you know, this is an important impact on the total mix, and this is one of
 reason why, the key reason why actually Germany is still behind compared to 2019 volumes.
 So, this is the total picture, page 9, a bit more into the specific factors to reinforce
 the point that I think we've made
 over the last many calls, I would
 say that
 we have been observing
 underneath these COVID-related dynamics,
 a very strong acceleration of the transition
 from cash to digital payments,
 not only in underpenetrated markets like Italy, but also in more penetrated markets like the Nordic.
 and here you see at page nine a few examples here with the pick from top to bottom the top eight
 sectors
 per market, some of them may be less relevant in size, but here you see actually also very
 relevant sectors.
 Think of restaurants and bars in Italy, 34% growth or groceries, 25% growth, nicely growing
 all double digits next to
 some very special ones
 like doctors at 82%, for example.
 Nordics, similarly, groceries 25% versus 2019.
 again for a market that
 we tend to believe that it is already highly penetrated.
 that is a big positive in our opinion,
 then you see some more specialized and smaller sectors such as, for example,
 cosmetic or hardware growing at 40%, 59%, and so on. Last but not least, also in the dark region,
 Groceries 49%, also restaurants despite some limitations being still in place 13% and many
 other things.
 sectors growing double-digit, with actual department stores growing triple-digit, but
 outlook at it with a lot of
 sympathy that is throwing off
 the benchmark for the other sex as it is not for now.
 So, this is basically the picture in terms of volumes.
 Before I end over to Bernardo to cover financial results, I would like to dive with you for a few minutes on the dynamics and the key initiatives that we are observing, in particular in merchant services.
 that, as you know, is more than half of our revenues
 and is always up here
 that are focused on the just for us,
 but also for you and for investors more broadly.
 And here we try to give a little bit of a feeling of what we are doing in the different
 segments.
 We'll be covered by SMEs that represent almost 60% of our revenues in national services.
 e-com that represents about
 25% and also LACA that is a bit less than 10% of total revenues.
 You're asking yourself why those are up to 100.
 the reason is that
 There is a 7% that has to do with acquiring ATMs, as we call it cash, and that is not
 allocatable to any segment
 for simplicity reasons
 they're allocated post-terminals
 revenues to SMEs
 because most of it is really SMEs.
 Now, going one by one, in SMEs, we see a strong acceleration on our digital proposition in
 Germany, positive results
 in Germany on the back of
 the very positive results
 we had in the Nordics as well as
 in Italy we are promoting more and more
 the mobile post
 proposition for you to
 merchant subsector.
 at the same time
 no
 we are very successfully
 pushing on vertical preposition
 in that
 in the
 specific
 sectors with satellite
 in Italy.
 with dedicated
 go-to-market for
 very
 nano verticals
 for example
 restaurants, cafes, hotels
 retail
 and so on
 so forth, where we package very often from the distribution, go-to-market point of view,
 but sometimes also pricing and product itself, and this is really hitting the ground well with customers.
 at the same time
 we are increasing our focus
 on ISVs and more in general
 of the software space.
 And here, basically, the two things we're doing on the one side, we're expanding our
 our partnerships across all geographies, I would say,
 with ISVs, and if you count them across the board,
 We count them actually for this call.
 it's actually more than 500
 of the partnerships in the ISV space, and that I'm
 of partnerships with local leaders on merchants, CRM, and ERP softwares, for example, Team
 system.
 mention one.
 and many, many, many smaller, much smaller vertical specialists
 that very often are local companies as well.
 We normally partner, we do technical integration with some of them, we do also go to market together.
 as anticipated that now with all the birds we're going one level deeper as
 as now we will integrate more on the proposition side as well
 and we'll test it in one segment in one market
 to expand it further as we go along.
 And in the SME segment, basically, we have not seen any major news in terms of competitive
 dynamics
 we know
 I mean, we discussed it in the past that we have important competition in the new to digital payments segment
 the smaller merchants that have started to use digital payments for the first time, in
 in Italy, in particular, it's also in Germany from basically one player that is Samappa
 that are actually successful in the market
 in winning a number of customers,
 but actually the value associated with these customers
 given the size of them is
 We are normally very small.
 we have also
 increase in Italy our focus
 in that segment
 and we're actually quite so sure
 We have doubled our acquisition volumes, but we're also focusing in winning back these
 customers
 as they grow and when they need a proposition that is more structural and more complete.
 this is it in terms of SMEs
 the volumes are
 Across our geographies, we're up about 14% in the fourth compared to the same quarter,
 e-commerce
 it represents about 25%
 of our revenue
 using metro and services
 is seeing a lot of dynamics,
 a lot of new players coming
 some of them going as well
 to be honest with you
 And, by the way, this is a sector where we have new segments and new propositions emerging as well.
 we may be talking more about it
 in our Q&A sessions
 But let me give you a flavor of what we're doing here.
 first of all
 when it comes to more PSP
 like type of
 a proposition for the acceptance
 propositions
 we are launching
 easy in Germany
 after a pretty good success
 in the Nordics as a
 collecting PSP proposition at the same time,
 We are extending our PSP proposition in terms of capability in Italy.
 It's called Xpay, and we are expanding this proposition also on the back of the experience
 and the capabilities that we have in net, for example, in one-trick checkouts and cart pre-onboarding.
 in the nine months
 our
 Our e-commerce activations in Italy have been up 70% compared to the same period two years
 Ego, just to give you a flavor.
 at the same time
 We are seeing a lot of activity in the alternative payment method space here.
 our angle is
 two folders we know
 we own
 alternative payment methods
 and at the same time
 with partner
 with third-party payment methods
 to make them available
 through our gateways
 it to our
 merchant customers.
 if you focus for a moment on account to account propositions
 we actually have a very strong position
 a successful position both in Poland and Finland
 and they're going very, very strongly.
 Only at the same time, we are onboarding more and more account-to-account solutions to our
 gateways, for example, Bancomat Pay in Italy.
 Similarly, in buy now, pay later, we have a very strong proposition called RETA in Germany.
 on that proposition, that proposition is growing
 very very strongly
 But again, this is a proposition that is made available not only through our gateway solutions
 in Germany, but also to basically every other national, international PSP active in the
 country at the same time in the other geographies we are partnering more and
 more with Patti by now, Pelleva Providers, because at the end of the day, it's a very
 the day as a PSP, we must be able to offer all possible payment methods to our merchant
 customers in order to allow them to basically maximize their conversion rates at checkout.
 Like, but not least, we continue to strike partnerships with e-commerce enabler platforms
 across all markets.
 we have more than
 and partnerships
 across the group
 Many of them are with players that are present in more than one market.
 Today, we cover about 76% of the data market.
 Today, e-commerce enables cover, across our geography, about 10% of the volumes that basically
 to serve the tiniest of the micro merchants,
 the micro SMEs in e-commerce, we cover through technology integration and in certain cases
 is also got to make a partnership
 76% of that.
 Again, here, volumes are growing 13% despite, you know, the trial-related sector still being
 suffering
 The reason why the growth rate of revenues is actually well above 30% is because when
 it comes to account-to-account and by now for later solutions that we own, the growth rate
 It's very, very strong and it's contributing to the total growth.
 Last but not least, the LACA segment represents about 9% of our total revenues in merchant services.
 Here, we don't see any major news in terms of competition.
 Obviously, we continue to see active, very active players like Agian
 in very specific segments that are basically segments of the global brands in particular
 I would say in luxury and in fashion.
 To be very clear, we continue to compete successfully and win in the sectors that instead are more local in nature,
 such as, for example, food retail, household goods, mobility, insurance,
 public administration, and so on and so forth.
 Basically, we win and continue to win where the physical component of the omni-channel
 solutions is actually relevant for these companies where they need their complex needs in terms
 of terminals and terminals acquiring acceptance
 integration where
 the local integration with
 local payment methods is important, where the vertical sector integration is important, where
 customization is important you know at the end of the day no that's the core of what we do thanks
 to our local
 entrenchment.
 and here we continue to serve successfully
 not only the local
 large
 merchants but also global brands that are present in market with the characteristics
 that I just described so across our geographies we cover and serve merchants such as for example
 Ikea, Sky, Decathlon, Vodafone, Zara, I mean, names that are clearly international names
 but require very specific local support, integration, and delivery.
 now before I move on
 Let me use one example of something that we have announced yesterday.
 that is actually today's mode,
 but I think it's also a good example of what we see
 as the core of the nature of the new NAICSI group.
 group. I think we said in the past that
 And in many one-to-one conversations, at the end of the day, our strategy is quite simple.
 We want to combine the scale that is necessary to drive hard innovation, digital innovation
 in particular, and we understand
 competence is important, investments are important
 and therefore we need to scale.
 So what do you mean?
 competitive with the global players, specialized players when it comes to
 product proposition innovation
 but at the same time,
 we also want to be very very locally entrenched
 Thanks to all the people.
 thanks to the ecosystem integration that we have in the different geographies.
 and one simple example
 All of these on top of the many given to you over the last few minutes is to do with the
 product we lost yet
 It's called Pago in Conto.
 is
 translatable
 as a pay-by-account.
 it is a very nice product because
 it is an account-to-account payment product
 that we are making available
 to begin with in e-commerce
 but will be available also
 on Omnichannel Solutions for Lakas
 and SMEs as well
 this is actually
 integrating many
 capabilities that we have in nexium not only merchant services but also in the
 payment space in the open banking space to deliver a solution that we're making available
 to our PSP
 merchant customers
 and I would believe progressively also to other PSPs that want to operate in Italy.
 And this solution is basically leveraging open banking enablement that we provide
 because we are the provider of the open banking system for Italy.
 our capability in this space
 plus our local licenses
 plus our local integration, plus our local capabilities on the e-commerce side,
 in basically a merchant
 can offer the opportunity
 to its own customer
 to pay
 by the bank account
 without pre-registering on anything
 because thanks to Open Banking,
 the customer will find a click button on the checkout page.
 We click on the bottom, then basically the
 the
 The page of the bank will open, the customer will identify himself with the standard identification
 method of the bank and the transaction
 will happen
 because it will be pre-ready filled
 on the different components of the transaction itself
 and the reconciliation will happen automatically.
 Again, it's a small thing, but I believe it gives you an idea what it means
 They're not having global scale, but also being locally entrenched and integrated.
 Clearly, this is targeting not necessarily the small transaction, but actually the large
 transaction because being paid by counter
 you can take for the moment up to
 15,000 euros per transaction and going forward even more.
 Let me now hand over to Bernardo. Sorry if I took a few more time here, but I really wanted to try and give you a flavor of what is happening in this space. Bernardo.
 Thanks, Pablo.
 Well, so just we'll try and be quick here.
 to relieve as much space as possible for Q&A.
 Starting on slide 12, we've seen how revenues have grown approximately 10% in the quarter
 and 10% for the nine months.
 as Paolo said earlier, this is how
 What we discussed in terms of volumes and in terms of the business updates translates into the financials.
 I think it's important to underline how growth in revenues is very similar to both Nets and Nexi.
 next year, I guess that's
 the message I would like to leave you with
 In terms of EBITDA, we can see there's been a two-percentage point accretion year-on-year
 and the quarter in the same applies if you look at the nine months.
 most of the secretion actually comes
 comes from Nets.
 We have less of an accretion this year or next year,
 as we've discussed in the past due to the fact that we're unwinding
 or let's say there is coming out of last year,
 We have the fact of certain costs, the cost-cutting exercise we had last year,
 which impacts our growth in costs the next year, this year, as expected.
 So two percentage points, secretion, which is in line with our expectations.
 On slide number 13, we see how the various geographies performed.
 And Italy, a strong performance in the quarter with 12% growth accelerating compared to, 12%, sorry, versus 2019 accelerating compared to 8% we had in the first nine months.
 So, again, good signs of recovery from COVID.
 that in Poland had even
 stronger growth
 we have
 in 18
 Coast to 18% growth for the nine months, 19% if you look within the quarter.
 actually Germany growing more than Poland
 thanks to the strong exposure we have in Germany
 to e-commerce and BNPL
 which Paolo also referred to earlier.
 In the Nordics and Southeastern Europe, slightly different dynamic.
 Again, there is less exposure
 I would say, to e-commerce, it compensated in Germany and Poland for the slow recovery
 in terms of coming out of the lockdown in some of the former or in some of the geographies
 Nets is present in, plus, as we will see later, the effect in the Nordics, as we had mentioned
 in the past, the fact that we have renegotiated
 the last major contract
 at Nets and that has hit us in
 moving on to the various
 division on site
 we have merchant services
 solutions where we've had a very
 strong quarter with
 double-digit revenue growth across the group
 and this is true, as I said, both at Nex and Nets level.
 and that's his
 has proved to be extremely resilient
 to notice geographies.
 We can see that transactions have recovered very nicely throughout the group.
 you have 15% year-on-year growth for the nine months,
 and this was only partially upset by slightly slower growth
 and some of the other geographies due to the different
 phasing of lockdown.
 I think it's important to underscore how e-commerce is continuing to grow nicely.
 We have 37% growth in the third quarter this year, 32% if you look at the nine months.
 And this is also sustained, as I said earlier, through a strong performance in Germany and Poland.
 So just a word of explanation with regards to a trend which in the past has been different
 in terms of the growth and volumes of international schemes,
 which is lower than the overall volume growth.
 This is due to a factor in Italy of domestic debit cards now being able to transact contactless,
 transacting on the domestic scheme
 rather than international schemes
 and this has caused
 this inversion of the trend.
 On slide 15, we can see the data for cards and digital payments.
 Even in this division, we have good revenue growth with good volume recovery.
 Here the volume recovery, as you can see, is what we're more used to,
 where the trend I highlighted earlier of the shift to domestic debt in Italy
 on contactless transactions
 is more than offset by the fact that we are moving some of our,
 we're progressively moving our domestic
 debit cards into international debit cards
 which fuel the growth in international schemes.
 But overall, we have strong growth in the quarter also in cards and digital payments.
 Slide 16, we can see how DBS, or Digital Banking Corporate Solutions, it's now called performed in the nine months.
 we've discussed this in the past
 is a division in which project-related revenue,
 which is recurring by nature even though it's not contractualized,
 but every year we have project work for our partner banks mainly in the various geographies.
 has been from a seasonality perspective
 present in our P&L
 more in the first half of the year, hence the deceleration you can see from 11% to 5%,
 So 11% for the first nine months and 5% for the last quarter.
 overall I would say that
 performance
 has been
 has been in line with
 our overall expectations
 may be
 near to
 the
 We have had a bit of a slowdown, which has impacted us this year on Montepasci
 as they were discussing a potential transaction with Unicredit.
 That is no longer the case, so hopefully we'll recover some of the lost revenues there in 2022.
 Site 17 shows us the cost dynamic.
 I think it's important to look at the comments we put into the side of this slide
 where we try and give you a picture of what the cost dynamics really look like
 if we normalize for last year.
 I mentioned earlier that the next year we had – I reminded you that next year we had a cost containment program,
 which was 100 million euros of cash cost cut last year to protect our P&L and our cash flow.
 This unwinds this year, and hence we have a bounce back of tools on variable compensation,
 and a bounce back of travel expenses and the likes.
 If we normalize for those, I'd say, two items in HR costs, for instance, the overall HR
 Our costs would actually be flat year on year.
 There's some slight, let's say, increase due to the annualization of people who were hired last year.
 but overall
 basically flat HR
 costs if we normalize for a variable
 comp. With regards to other
 non-HR costs, these
 will be up 1.4% if we normalize for the growth and volume.
 So effectively, obviously, revenues are growing.
 we've seen a double-digit, our cost base grows by 1.4 percent, surely.
 If we take out the growth in volume-driven processing costs,
 attach them into the
 fixed nature of most of our cost base
 with regards to
 let's see
 that position of the group
 We should look at it with SIA, or at least I look at it with SIA Included.
 We have received antitrust approval, and Powell will speak to this in a second.
 But basically, you know, now we have deal certainty if we look at the combined numbers, both of net debt and EBITDA.
 So adding on to our last 12 months, EBITDA, also CS327 million euros of EBITDA for the last 12 months,
 and we include C as 820 million euros of net debt.
 Our overall ratio is 3.6 times leverage, which is three times if we include also run rate synergies,
 which we announced as part of this transaction
 And this we expect to unwind pretty quickly and de-leverage with the profile we highlighted at the announcement.
 So just a reminder that three-quarters of our indebtedness is fixed rate.
 So moving into, let's say, a potentially higher rate environment,
 I think we feel pretty comfortable with regards to our capital structure.
 So that said, I will pass the floor back on to Paolo so he can take us through the M&A update in closing remarks.
 Thank you, Bernardo.
 So page 20, a quick update on SIA.
 Yes, he reported over the last few days the results for the quarter, the revenues were
 up 9.3 percent and EBITDA was up 12.9 percent so very close to the rest of the group performance.
 year-to-date results are even higher than this, I think, as we anticipated at the beginning
 of the conversation around SIA
 first half of the year
 is a bit richer than the second half
 basically due to phasing
 and very specific events and nothing to do with underlying.
 as far as the closing agenda is concerned
 as you know
 the Italian Trade Trust has approved
 the deal
 on October 14th
 There were remedies specifically in the areas that are connected to national products, and
 And this is something consistent with what our expectations were and we believe is very
 match correct
 in terms of
 remedies, there is only one of them that is structural, and there is only one of them
 That remedy has to do with what I would call the National Clearing Non-Sepa Clearing.
 To be precise, the size of that business is about 6 million euros of revenues full year,
 above 2 degrees of EBITDA
 more or less
 with by the way
 revenues declining
 because we are talking about products such as, for example, Chex.
 We will be obviously implementing the work to implement these remedies as we speak and
 We expect to close by the end of the year.
 We still have two or three authorizations missing, but they tend to be either a bit
 more technical or in any case that you at the end of the process, such as for example Italian
 stock exchange regulator for the approval of the prospectus.
 And everything else is in line in terms of preparing for the execution of the closing within this time frame.
 on page 21
 you have a bit
 brother update
 on what is happening on the various fronts.
 As you may remember, we did tell you in the past, we were structuring our transformation plan on different work streams and so on and so forth.
 a quick update on the technology side
 Basically, we already have one new group technology plan, and we already started to execute around
 some areas
 saving the duplication, pulling together group digital delivery under one hub,
 optimizing infrastructure, ready to execute processing platform consolidation
 as soon as we close
 SEA, and many other areas of initiatives.
 As far as instruction operation action is concerned, we have already started to optimize
 a turnover management
 in the chair side
 and we are ready to execute
 the full integration
 of NEXIA in Italy, while there are many other operational
 excellence initiative is already ongoing.
 As far as procurement is concerned, we start working on this a few months back, and we
 We have a very detailed plan defined and we've already close to close already 12 strategic
 plans.
 negotiations, and as far as revenue
 and synergies are concerned.
 We touched on a few of them before, but teams are already working together, starting from
 the lower end in Freud and even on the CSI that we did use a clean team approach to prepare
 a very detailed commercial plan
 to be able to go out
 as soon as we close in-up selling, selling more products and services to our customers in Italy to begin with.
 all in
 we expect to have
 synergies for about
 million euro of cash
 for next year
 an important part of this is
 CapEx, as you can imagine, is one of the areas where it's easier to optimize and faster
 to optimize, but we're progressing on all initiatives.
 here. I'm talking about
 than 100 million euro cash
 synergies in the year and therefore
 Obviously, the exit rate would be much higher than that.
 Let me now move to page 23.
 to be short
 we are basically
 We're simply confirming the guidance that we gave you last time when we talked for the
 It's so, Stein.
 about the new aggregated group.
 This is valid, obviously, for NEXI and NET, and I just remember that we did upgrade our
 guidance at quarter one results when we were talking about NEXI only, and we're now confirming
 all of this
 10%, about 10%
 revenue growth in the year
 about 11 to 13 percent EBITDA growth with margin expansion both versus 2021, 2020, and even more
 2019 it was more normally about
 3% of points
 birth of 2019
 broadly stable
 capacity-intensity ratio with anticipation of the M&A synergies.
 last but not least as Bernardo
 I showed you
 continued cash flow generation and progress in the leveraging over the long run starting
 from a new level that is exactly in line with what the plan was, with what we did announce
 when we define the deals with SIA and NET.
 So page 24, I will now go through all of it again.
 in the key messages for today.
 continued the recovery and acceleration of volumes
 across all geographies with clear signals
 of acceleration of cash to digital payment across, again,
 all geographies,
 very strong financial performance with double-digit revenue growth in the quarter
 and further margin expansion as well
 and a particularly strong performance in merchant services and solutions.
 and last but not least progressing
 according to our plan
 and marching ahead in putting the new group together as a combination of NexNet and SIA.
 And last but not least, as I just said, I've confirmed the ambition for the full year.
 I'll stop there and open up for your questions.
 Excuse me, this is Tukoruzko conference operator.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone.
 To remove your staff from the question queue, please press star and 2.
 please pick up the receiver
 when asking questions
 Anyone who has a question may press star and 1 at this time.
 The first question is from Sebastian Stabowicz with Kepler-Chevreux.
 please go ahead
 Yeah, hello everyone, and thanks for taking the question.
 so I know it is a bit too early
 to provide any precise indication for 2022 but just wondering if you could help us a little bit
 understand the dynamic
 behind yourself and your
 margins moving into
 2022, we are seeing
 Tarsh or Nordic
 Graduier Recovery
 is it reasonable to assume
 a kind of acceleration of the trends moving into next year.
 And the second question would be more on a competitive landscape to understand a little bit what is happening in your main market, Italy.
 we discussed a couple of times
 competitive landscape, but on your new markets
 like Nordics or Dash.
 who do you feel usually
 in those markets
 and do you see any
 a fast-growing
 a coils in those markets
 moving from
 online to install and trying to
 compete
 on the SMBs or it is not already the case.
 Thank you.
 Sebastian, thank you for the questions.
 So, listen, 2022, we'll talk about guidance for 2022 in February.
 that's when
 And I'm afraid to give you our view for the year.
 I think when we did announce this, we said that our ambition was to obviously increase the speed of growth of the company on a larger and more resilient perimeter.
 our previous pre-COVID, if you wish,
 at Gain House Wars
 5-7% of revenues and
 I don't know.
 13 to 16 percent. Our plan is to do obviously better than that on the back of the new context
 and the new group
 profile
 then every single region
 as its own dynamics clearly we see it as we are preparing the budget as you can imagine that we're
 We're actually adding it in terms of volumes
 good expectations
 from the Nordics, but then there are many other specific dynamics that have to do with
 specific
 contracts, specific areas of
 investments and so forth.
 So I would really prefer to wait and give you more detailed commentary when we come to
 February and within
 broader picture but
 I believe that what
 we are observing as we speak
 and the data
 I did show you in terms of specific individual sectors are confirming that we see growth potential in the Nordics as well,
 on top of obviously Italy or Germany
 And obviously, places like Poland or Central Eastern Europe.
 but listen, when it comes
 to the dynamics
 in the other markets
 I see that
 But in other markets, we are seeing a little bit of dynamics that I mentioned before.
 I mean, in the ASME space, you see these nuances, but to be honest with you, some map we don't
 see for the moment in our geographies
 other players
 is becoming more visible or more aggressive.
 So this is a competition that we know and is very much focused on Mew2Card segments.
 in the commerce space
 you tend to see a little bit
 the same players
 around
 the stripes
 and the pay pass
 and they like
 I would say no major new dynamic there.
 clearly
 try to make
 a more inroads
 smaller merchants on the back of
 the strong partnership that they have in Shopify
 or in the markets where
 Shopify is strong, but
 As I said before, now we're also strengthening our position for the partnerships with the other.
 content management systems
 and e-commerce enablers.
 and when it comes
 to
 Tulaka
 I would say
 a bit more
 more of the same
 of what I said before now so I didn't be more present and in general international acquires
 being present, but nothing really major.
 as you know
 by now
 is becoming a bigger phenomena and we're actually benefiting from that ourselves with rate pay.
 Klarna is becoming more active in the Nordics and I would say in Germany as well.
 you know it's a partida successful in Sweden
 where honestly we're not very exposed
 as we discussed in the past.
 When it comes to online players moving more in store, in particular SMEs, to be honest
 with you for the moment, we don't see
 a lot of movement
 you don't have yet any
 particularly successful
 case of
 other PSPs or
 account to account providers
 or by now,
 that are approved in SMEs and SMEs space.
 which is actually, as you've seen, is the majority of our revenues in merchant services,
 It remains a very, very specific space.
 It's very local.
 is very
 is still very much connected with banks.
 requires a lot of specific attention
 and the more we segment, the more we realize that
 because even more local somehow.
 so
 I would think
 Nothing really new from that angle.
 thank you
 The next question is from James Goodman with Barclays.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good afternoon.
 thank you very much
 Just looking into the fourth quarter, firstly, I mean, you've reiterated clearly the guidance
 for the year 10% growth.
 I mean, previously specified an H2 growth to get there.
 I think it was 11% to 13%.
 and obviously you can sort of do the calculation
 around Q4
 but I guess my question is,
 Is it fair to expect an acceleration perhaps across all your geographies into Q4?
 I mean, we've got a weaker comparative base, I think, in the Italian business,
 and clear that the progressive
 of reopening across the Nordics, but particularly DAC,
 coming given that the travel exposure that you have there that's that's the
 first question and then
 maybe to sort of
 follow up on the EBITDA
 for the quarter and for the outlook
 can you make a comment just on
 I mean, we can see the revenue, I suppose, more or less for next year net for the quarter.
 but can you just make a comment on the EBITDA performance
 between next year and next for the quarter.
 And as we, you know, look out to the full year there, I mean, you're sort of in the middle of your 11% to 13% range at the moment.
 But depending on what you say about revenues for Q4, is there any reason to expect EBITDA not to sort of grow similar to revenues in the fourth quarter?
 Thank you.
 Hi James, this is Paulo Bernardo, you want to say?
 Yeah, sure.
 So the question on the fourth quarter is, and I would say it's a difference between our guidance and where we are on the third quarter.
 As we said, the math is pretty easy.
 What we can say is that we expect the fourth quarter revenue growth to accelerate compared to the third quarter,
 And this is primarily driven by merchant services performance, which we expect to be strong in the fourth quarter and stronger, if you want, than the third quarter.
 overall for the year though
 I would sit
 I would take what Paolo said
 with regards to overall guidance, which is to grow revenues double-digit.
 The second question you asked was on EBITDA growth for Nexin Nets, is that right?
 Yeah, just in the quarter,
 EBITDA between the two businesses.
 and
 yeah
 the relationship
 yeah
 in the fourth quarter between revenue and EBITDA.
 Yeah, so in the third quarter, the EBITDA, as I said, when we discussed the margin accretion,
 came primarily from the growth
 at Nets, right, where we had a significant step up
 from second quarter to third quarter,
 of the 19% growth in EBITDA.
 I think that's what we would like to stick to for now in the comments, the fourth quarter
 EBITDA performance.
 Having said that, we've confirmed guidance, where you have a guidance for either job
 growth as well.
 Great. Thank you.
 The next question is from Stefan Uri with Odo.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good afternoon.
 first of all I'd like to
 ask
 an update
 maybe on
 the
 see a process if you have
 any view on when
 you will start to consolidate
 CI into the group
 And the second question is also regarding Italy, where you said that there was a 20% to 25% growth.
 Do you see this trend continuing into 2020, and if you expect a kind of help plan from the Italian government to push further this penetration?
 Thank you.
 Hi, Stefan, and thank you for the question.
 Let me take the second one, and then I will ask Bernardo to cover the first one
 give you more details to what
 I've already been
 And listen, I think we are very happy with what you're seeing in Italy in terms of growth of volumes, in particular on Italian cards.
 And we expect this actually to continue into next year, even if the comparison will become
 more and more difficult.
 the reality is that
 today you still have a little bit of
 limitations here and there, but honestly, even we project the fourth quarter this year,
 we expect to continue to see a bit of further recovery and potentially, therefore, volume
 acceleration but
 we remain quite optimistic
 on the outlook,
 take into consideration
 the fact that even if
 most of the
 all the activities are still open, are now open, you still have some kind of complexities
 for some of these, some of these activities.
 Government initiatives, I think, as we commented in the past, we believe every government will continue to support digital payments because of the many, many positive contributions that it gives to society, the economy, taxation, transparency, and so on and so forth.
 this government has decided not to basically stop the cashback
 It was the most visible initiative.
 and
 because basically it was
 on some of the mechanics
 and it's obviously
 be fine. As we said in the past, our plans, our expectations are not driven by that.
 Like we always said, the cash flow was a very good initiative, a nice initiative, but now
 basically changing the shape of our profile.
 The good thing is that this government has actually decided and implemented two more
 to newer initiatives that are more on the merchant side
 and therefore they're incentivizing
 the merchants to basically upgrade
 their shop equipment
 and the term is basically
 and at the same time
 basically for one year
 They're also supporting new-to-cap merchants in terms of giving them the
 possibility to die from their taxes
 that the commission
 that they pay.
 changing direction
 on
 on cashback
 America.
 but actually a confirmed belief of the importance of supporting digital payments
 through, I would say, the merchants
 and we are happily cooperating with
 as much as we can
 with the government institutions
 probably in implementing
 all of this and continuously
 provide further ideas
 in the
 opportunities.
 Bernardo, do you want to cover?
 Sorry, on CIN, in terms of the process, there's a bullet point on slide 20.
 where are we
 We're expecting BaFin approval anytime soon.
 It's a pretty, I would say, administrative process here.
 There's actually a typo in the presentation.
 Danish investment authorities have approved
 the transaction and then we will need
 to have the prospectus
 the prospectus with the
 The proponent number is approved by a stock exchange regulator,
 similar to what we did with Nets, and that should happen again somewhere in mid-December.
 So we now have, I'd say, deal certainty given that antitrust approval, which was the one where most of the work needed to be done, has been obtained,
 and we're looking to close at midnight of the 31st of December.
 that means going back to your question
 and we will be consolidating from the 1st of January next year,
 so you'll have a full year of consolidated numbers per SIA,
 And we will obviously, as part of this, provide you with comparison numbers for 2021,
 which includes SIA and METS as if we had bought it from the 1st of January of this year.
 so you will have
 a same
 perimeter, and the same
 will go with the database that Tanya puts on the website.
 This, by the way, is also true for the Ubi book acquisition, which closed on the 26th of October,
 but has retroactive effects
 from the 1st of January
 and the same will happen when we close
 the Alfa Bank deal
 which will be at some point in the second quarter
 next year
 so we will always
 strike to make sure you have a meaningful
 life-for-life comparison
 of the St. Permanent Street, but the closing of
 SIA is midnight this year, so from 1st to 29th,
 So you have the consolidated numbers in the actual accounts.
 Okay, thank you.
 I have a quick follow-up on Germany.
 did you see any
 weakness in Q3
 compared to what you were expecting
 And are you concerned about the rise in number of COVID cases that could probably or potentially have some impact on your fourth quarter?
 Thank you.
 Well, I think in Germany we see super strong, as you understood, e-commerce in particular today and in other areas as well.
 And in terms of COVID, yes, I mean, you're right on the fact that in the third quarter,
 there were still restrictions in Germany more than in the other geographies. There is an
 index that is actually called the
 The cringes.
 the stringency index that is quite telling
 from this point of view
 and Germany was across Europe, the country with still restrictions, and I was there two
 weeks ago and you could really feel it.
 I was there with Bernardo.
 you could really fit it from the smaller things in hotels to the more visible ones and that this is
 actually, as we said before, affecting in particular, we see the LACA sector, the larger
 merchants where we have, as I said,
 still
 and important
 and exposure to the travel industry.
 and I would say
 there are two angles that are particularly
 relevant data
 are kind of intersecting between international travelers coming in
 and business travel more broadly.
 and
 And as you can imagine, while in places like Italy, you have a huge amount of inbound from tourists.
 so international
 travel has been
 tourism in the summer
 don't have that many people
 going to Germany to
 enjoy the summer is actually the other way around
 So the traffic there is much more business-related, and this is still suffering.
 But again, said that, we've seen a good recovery also there.
 listen on what is happening
 In these days, it's difficult to comment, honestly.
 I think that we need to understand exactly what will happen in terms of measures
 I was reading before coming the new news
 before coming into this
 call about cases growing again, but at the same time, the measures that we're thinking
 about implementing
 who are not really comparable to real logins and stuff like that,
 I think we're talking about asking the Green Pass to enter in certain places like restaurants or clubs and stuff like that,
 which is the fact that you've written in Italy,
 is already happening.
 So let's see.
 I think it is really
 at
 too early to see
 to say. I think the good news is that
 we have more
 were less of the percentage of people
 with vaccine are now high, and therefore the case is increasing, the impact on the health
 of the people is more limited
 and therefore, hopefully, the need for restrictions.
 Thank you very much.
 Mitch.
 The question is from Hannes Leitner with UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thanks for letting me on.
 a couple of questions also from my side um maybe on on the partnership strategy with isv maybe you
 You can talk a little bit about the economics there.
 and then also is there a geographic kind of statistics
 around what is currently served by those partners,
 especially then maybe also breaking it down
 between in-store and online.
 and then maybe
 you can give some more color on
 e-commerce grow for the group
 you have stated here e-commerce revenue growth
 but it would be helpful to understand
 and also the transaction volume growth.
 And then just in general, did you see throughout the quarter as it developed some shift between in-store and e-commerce?
 Because that's it.
 Hi, Aniston.
 And thank you for your questions.
 so
 So let me start from the first one in here.
 maybe we can follow up
 more precisely
 I think in general
 as I said, that these partnerships, I mean,
 that are happening, I would say, in every single
 geographies, and probably they're actually a bit more new to Italy, even if we are very
 reactive
 are
 happening with two types of
 players
 the ones that are
 And obviously it really depends on geography.
 and let me give you Italian cases
 it's probably a more
 closer one
 If you take care
 We have two types of players.
 They are the ones that are coming from the ERP systems, the CRM systems,
 and they are keen to integrate payments.
 and they're actually across merchants from all possible industries.
 Sometimes they have products that are more specialized for certain industries,
 and we have been partnering
 and the same punishes with
 the two
 super
 super key ones
 the
 at the same time
 you have a bit more developments with the ones that would be called vertical ones.
 I don't know, I'll give you an example
 So, Pharmacom that is serving pharmacies, just to mention one of them, but we're really
 talking about.
 In Italy, talking about statistics, we have 48 of these partnerships today.
 Denmark more than 100
 Sweden more than 100, Norway almost 100, Finland more than 100, Germany more than 100, and so on and so forth.
 So there are many, many of those.
 and economics vary a lot
 depending on what is the relationship
 some things that the Spanish
 are more technical integration, so there is not a very specific economic punishment.
 In some other cases, like the one I was mentioning before, instead you have a go-to-market initiative,
 You invest together, you go to market together, and you share the benefit together.
 So, very, very different situation, but also evolving in an important way.
 as far as
 Maybe on e-commerce volume and revenue growth, you can comment, Bernardo.
 So on the shift, it is a bit more qualitative question, but it's a very important question.
 and things that, to be honest with you,
 Over the last, I would say a few quarters, we have not seen any further acceleration
 of e-commerce in terms
 of people moving
 for the more
 even more from
 physical
 to e-commerce.
 If anything, you had that in some sectors, the opposite direction, and therefore people have been keen to go out and shop again in the physical world.
 I guess
 obviously because our stores
 are open again, but more in general
 people being keen to go out
 and socialize
 and buy
 needs in real places.
 I think that, I mean, the trend to more e-commerce remains there,
 but it's interesting because
 some of the acceleration that we've seen
 in COVID started
 in the first period of COVID
 now is
 slowing down a bit
 in the
 the
 certain cases are working a little bit.
 But again, in general, the trend will continue.
 Brad, do you want to comment on e-commerce?
 Yeah, sure.
 I mean, we saw that revenues grow in the third quarter, grew 36%, 37%, if I remember correctly
 from the slide in the docking.
 Volume growth was actually approximately 13%,
 students like 10 of the
 of the document.
 within this
 clearly
 The SME are going.
 And LACA suffers from the fact that LACA has an e-commerce component, including travel
 high impact, which, you know, just goes
 it actually to shrink in the quarter.
 so if you look at
 LACA without
 without
 the high
 In fact, it's actually growing 9%.
 And overall, e-commerce volumes of this set are growing 13%, and it's a mix of both.
 Okay, so it's about 25 billion e-commerce volumes in Q3.
 proxy
 For the group.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Sandeep Deshpande with J.P. Morgan.
 please go ahead
 Thanks for letting me on.
 I didn't hear all the questions, so please excuse me if some of this was asked before.
 So in your Nordics or in your overall business, you're saying that the LACA accounts are lagging behind the recovery compared to the SME accounts.
 We have seen quite a different effect at players like ADN.
 And maybe you can explain why Nexi is different in this regard, essentially.
 And then secondly, is there an explanation why you think that the dark regions are lagging so much behind in terms of the recovery in terms of the volumes and thus the revenues as such?
 All right.
 Thank you, Mr. Sandeep.
 for the questions.
 Listen, on LACAM
 the
 uh
 the dynamic that we are observing
 is very much driven by the industry mix
 and it's very very clear
 I mean, if you make it from the high-impact sectors like airlines, to use a typical example, or travel agencies, and so on and so forth, the overall volumes are growing 9% compared to pre-COVID levels.
 actually even more so in places like Italy.
 and of course you have growth coming back
 despite the fact that there is still
 some
 of the
 three
 years
 restrictions around that.
 in depth
 different
 dynamic that you observe with
 And again, it's probably driven by two elements.
 number one is that they're less exposed to travel
 sectors, I think more broadly
 and
 number two you should also consider
 the fact that they're actually entering new markets and expanding further.
 the
 if
 if you are pointing
 precisely on
 the relative dynamics with a player like them
 I go back to what I said before.
 clearly, no, I didn't say that
 some player that we
 immensely respects
 to be very, very clear.
 We continue to see them successful when they play on global merchants with global CRM systems
 integrated with a lot of online and more
 limited in store and we continue
 to be successful
 also against them
 but instead you have more
 local or regional merchants, more locally integrated that require local assistance and
 require more specialized solutions,
 the more customized solutions, so on and so forth.
 When it comes to DACA,
 is
 as too
 elements
 that explain the dynamic there
 and I think it's very visible when you go at page 8 of the presentation
 where you have the volumes for DAC
 by macro sector.
 and as you can see there
 on the one side
 there is a mixed
 effect and the mix
 effect
 as
 to do with the fact that nets
 not Germany
 for Seba Nets was more exposed
 feel more exposed
 in terms of mix of sectors
 to the high-impact sectors
 in terms of volumes to travel and airlines in particular.
 this exposure has been diminished over time
 but still
 is
 a relatively high exposure, and, of course, there's a mixed effect in Germany.
 When you look at the other sectors instead, you see a very strong performance in the busy consumption
 growing anywhere around 30-30%
 plus
 versus
 in 2019
 and also
 no
 di
 more
 discretionary
 products and services sectors
 coming back
 to growth
 and at page 9 on the right you see some
 very visible examples of sectors growing double digits in that space as well.
 so I would say
 is more driven by
 the exposure to traveling
 in the mix.
 I'd say also probably
 the tight end SMEs were underpenetrated.
 I think there's a structure on the penetration there,
 which is now we're now closing you up.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Mohamed Mouawala with Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 is the kind of essentially your guidance being perhaps a bit more prudent or
 constitutive, and if so, you please
 the kind of thinking behind that prudence.
 And then secondly, a question around, again, on sort of competition.
 and here I just want to nuance it a bit more
 in that there's clearly an appetite for larger merchants
 to take kind of more traditional omni-channel.
 But we also see the likes of sort of Adyen moving in with a kind of platform approach
 to address the longer tail of the mid-market.
 Now, what's your sort of strategy to sort of compete against that?
 And if I kind of nuanced that further, you know, the Nordics is a fairly well-penetrated market.
 and you know we have
 a number of kind of digital
 first players there
 So what's your sort of strategy to perhaps defend your position or even kind of grow your business there?
 And then the last one for Bernardo, when we look at the kind of EBITDA performance, this was quite strong.
 in terms of sort of the synergy
 realization of Nets. It seemed like
 those sort of mid-teens type
 cost savings, could you give us a bit more color around where those savings came from
 and as we go forward, what's kind of the path
 and what are the kind of levers in terms of the synergies that you expect to extract
 to sort of hit the milestones for the next kind of payout to be achieved.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Mo, and thank you for the same questions.
 because I will cover the second and then I will end over to Berard.
 I think that is a very, very good question.
 and let me try
 to be explicit here.
 first of all
 LACA, as you understood, for the group
 is about 5% a bit less
 10% of total revenues is about 9% on total merchants is about half or 60%
 So I'm talking about more or less 5% of what I want to begin with.
 Nevertheless, we believe it's actually an opportunity for the new NEXI in particular.
 And to be clear, the competition from players like Adyen is there.
 as I said before
 They're very good.
 they're more focused on certain markets than others
 And I'm sure they will try to move a bit more into markets on smaller players.
 at the same time
 I think the good news is that
 in those markets, the markets
 where we're present, we're very international, and we're actually
 investing to build stronger in the camp of omnichannel products and services, omnichannel
 integration analytics capabilities, and I would continue.
 So you will see a nice competitive dynamic where they will probably try to do it
 and we will defend our thirst
 and the back offer being local but also scaled up
 and for being able to invest in new products and services.
 at the end of the day if you wish
 one of the two of us is
 strong and weak at the same time
 based on our strategies
 in a sense that
 that the key strength of players like Ageny
 the one platform theme that has many positives, but also a lot of limitations when you have
 to start playing with smaller players, more complex players,
 more integrated players, merchants and in that don't have integrated CRMs that are less
 sophisticated that require a lot of local care, and so on and so forth.
 Our position is the other way around.
 It's true.
 No, we are a more complex set in terms of technology setup and so on and so forth,
 because at the end of the day, makes us quite effective in serving the local needs
 in being closer to the customers being able to integrate effectively with their needs and for
 For example, segmenting by industry more effectively for what is relevant locally.
 So, I think we continue to see this dynamic and each one of the two of us will do its best.
 I think the good news is that in many cases it's a market that is growing, so I'm sure that we
 We'll be spending space for players like that.
 and with the space for a place like us, and we'll choose depending on what is the prevailing need that they have.
 Bernardo, Mr. Fred.
 Yes, sir.
 So I think we're going back to also, I think James asked a similar question earlier on,
 So I can only go back to what we said earlier.
 We expect the fourth quarter to be better than the third quarter in terms of top-line growth.
 and that, you know, I think with regards to the degree of prudence in this,
 We won't comment on that.
 Our guidance is our guidance.
 We're committed to deliver it.
 Hopefully, we'll do better, but that's what I'm prepared to say on that front.
 with regard to
 Nets, as I mentioned
 earlier, the EBITDA growth
 in the third quarter for Nets
 was
 19%,
 18.8%, if I remember correctly,
 and 19% compared to 2020.
 I expect that to improve
 in the fourth quarter of this year.
 I think that's also implicit in what we had said some time ago, how we were aiming to hit an EBITDA for Nets,
 which lies within the earn-out range for Nets.
 It was agreed with the sellers back at the end of last year.
 so
 this
 growth
 and
 but that, which is obviously
 fueled by
 top-line growth is also aided by
 realization of synergies
 within Nets.
 and I think that was your question
 because of synergies coming from the Nexi Nets integration.
 Well, those this year are, I would say, in total approximately 10 million euros, mostly CAPEX.
 A small portion of that will be in our fourth quarter numbers.
 and with regards to next year
 Paulo has already said we're targeting 100 million euros of cash synergies from the three entities,
 approximately, I'd say 60% of that will be P&L synergies
 and the rest will be CAPEX synergies.
 Okay, Grun.
 Thank you.
 Question is from Alberto Villa with Intermontesim.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 I have just one question.
 is on the buy now, pay later business.
 can you give us
 some color on the
 revenues
 your
 generating in this unit, the growth you are expecting, and if you have any thoughts on
 the strategy on this segment
 going forward if you want to expand
 it or to exit or what's your thought on the opportunity there.
 Thank you very much.
 So Alberto, so our strategy in this space is at the end of the day twofold.
 we are happy to have this asset
 that is called RedPay, just to be, this is operating at the moment in Germany, in Germany
 only with potential to expand
 as we're at some point
 and it is
 by now
 for the Terpé that is
 focused on the merchant side
 them so they don't have a
 consumer-facing strategy like
 the Clarnas, they really partner with the merchants, they normally white label and afford
 really the best possible partner for
 Merchants that's where they are
 successful
 the business is growing
 very rapidly depending on the core
 is anywhere between 50% and 100%.
 so I think the last quarter was about
 70-75
 and it's become a sizable business.
 We don't provide the details of this data is getting bigger and bigger.
 So we're talking about tens and tens and tens of millions of euros per quarter now.
 the
 so this is one side of the strategy at the same time we also recognize the fact
 that if you want to, if you have as your core e-commerce strategy,
 that we want to provide
 a great
 acceptance
 to merchants
 you all have to be able to provide
 the relevant, the locally relevant
 the binoculator methods together with other alternative payment methods.
 and therefore in our geographies
 They're also offering more and more the possibility to use other, you know, by now,
 that we partner with, and I believe this will continue to be the way forward.
 Now, clearly, the other way around works as well.
 for a company like Repay
 because it's technically a company
 is also partnering
 with LFPSPs.
 So, in Germany, they are used by the Agions, the WorkPays, the DSP-1s, the CompuTops, and
 you name one.
 At the moment, we have these two parallel strategies.
 It is very, very, very clear that going forward we'll continue to partner with more and more of them,
 and we are happy owners of this fast-growing and sizable buy-in operator asset.
 Bernardo?
 Yes.
 you said it
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you, Alberto.
 The question is from Paul Kratz with Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 All right.
 Thank you for taking my questions.
 Just three questions from my end.
 I think, firstly, when I look at your NETS figures on the presentation, that excludes
 volumes from Dancourt.
 So it would be helpful if you could maybe give us some color over how kind of the volumes looked, including these figures, and if they differ materially, I guess, from what you presented.
 The other thing that I'd also be interested in hearing as well is on the Jira card side,
 You know, I appreciate the minority of your volumes in Germany, but, you know, how have the volumes on the JeroCard side trended?
 where historically I think you guys have been actually a share gainer in that market,
 admittedly off of a relatively low base.
 And then I guess the final question is a little bit bigger picture.
 But when we start thinking about capital allocation of the combined entity, I mean, you guys will be able to deliver the business relatively rapidly at the current pace.
 I mean, is there any kind of updated thoughts you have around potential M&A, whether that switches maybe more towards e-com, maybe looking at assets, for example, like a CompuTOP in Germany to maybe strengthen your presence in e-com?
 Thanks.
 All right, Paul.
 a good mix of
 detailed questions and
 super strategic once as well
 That's great.
 listen
 on the first two
 I think we'll come back to you with
 a bit more detail
 if it's important to you.
 I think in general, and I think it was on the second line,
 On Jairo Kajuiarra,
 on Jairo Kajuiarra,
 clearly challenges in that space
 and before we want to grow in the state
 Don't forget that
 Concardis is coming from
 a position where they were mainly acquirers
 for international schemes, a little bit like what Carta C was in Italy back five years
 ago six years ago and from there they moved over the last year or two into offering the
 a full package.
 So the terminal and basically acquiring across all schemes, including GYROCAS.
 So, I don't have any numbers, but clearly that's a space for development.
 And on the anchors, I think we'll come back to you because, obviously, we don't have
 the precise answer.
 more broadly
 instead of
 capital allocation
 coming to the
 very strategic
 question
 listen
 our
 Our focus today is really, really, really on getting the three companies together, believing
 the synergies and most importantly
 building a stronger and stronger and stronger company for our customers, our people, and
 our shareholders.
 Along the way, as we always said, we will continue to consider opportunities, but it's
 it's our beauty somehow but we really really focus on the ones that makes absolute sense for us i
 I think what we've done with UBI or Alphabank is very clear.
 we've been looking at other stuff
 what we didn't do for very good reasons,
 but it was a lot of duty to look at it.
 and I think we'll continue to do so
 going forward
 As you can imagine, we cannot talk about specific cases.
 you said.
 Taking
 your
 ...
 down the tech data as we
 the leverage and the
 divest, with the potential
 The rest also assets that are not core and so on and so forth.
 I would also consider putting more
 investments, more organic investments
 because there is always this feeling that M&A is easier than massive organic investments.
 Actually, given where we are as a company, given how much we are keen to invest in geographic
 such as Germany or in spaces such as e-commerce, that is also another important area of investment.
 So I believe you see a portfolio of those, but really our focus today is to deliver in what we have already committed to you.
 Bernardi is trying to give you
 What's the same answer on what?
 But it's probably best if we come back to you on this week.
 Okay, let us come back to you before we give you an answer.
 He's not reliable.
 No, that's really fair.
 Thank you very much.
 just maybe just one quick follow-up
 is on the
 divestment of non-core assets. I mean, how should we start thinking of that? Is that part of a
 regular portfolio review that you would do on an annual basis, or are we just talking more about,
 concessions that would come as a result of antitrust?
 No, no, no, no, no. I want to be very clear.
 Actually, thank you for giving me the opportunity to clarify this.
 On the antitrust thing, we like to do, because it's a request by the antitrust,
 But again, it's about a business that is 6 million euro of revenues, probably two or three of a bit that declining revenues because it's a legacy business, checks and the likes.
 so
 that has nothing to do with
 the investment strategy
 I don't even know how much that is worth.
 We are doing our own work, but we're really talking about a very, very small thing.
 instead what is very much right is the thirst
 of the two things you said
 that is an ongoing
 and regular strategic review of our portfolio of assets
 to make sure that we put our resources and focus and energy
 on what is strategic for our future
 and instead we let
 the other assets
 to be owned by better owners
 the NASA for whom
 the era strategic.
 never forget as a benchmark data
 before doing
 even before
 company was listed actually. We did do a 506 M&A deal where we bought stuff. We did do 12
 where we sold stuff
 So we like to clean as much as possible the portfolio and focus, and we'll continue to do it.
 And some of these businesses, we love them.
 we would love to continue to have them
 but actually it doesn't make sense for them
 and for us
 So I think it's very rational, I think it's,
 We always need to be very rigorous.
 we are very
 continue to be very regular.
 I mean, look at what, for example, also Nets has done when they sold the corporate services
 and instant clearance services to MasterCard.
 by the way it's a very interesting
 and attractive valuation.
 and we'll continue to do so.
 I think it's good disciplina.
 we tried to give you
 an update on these
 a deal
 in February together with
 for the new year.
 That's really fair.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from Alexandre Four with Exame PMP Paribas.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 Thanks for squeezing me in.
 I had a couple of questions.
 one is going back
 on your
 sort of own
 and alternative payment methods
 with account-to-account in Poland or RAGFES in Germany.
 was wondering if you could
 go back on the
 economic service payment methods and whether they're
 accretive to your take rate
 for instance
 and as a side question to that
 I was wondering
 if you view them as differentiating factors to win wallet shares
 with like even the couch you know
 Have you found yourself in a position where you went to a merchant to sell on your 8K
 and you ended up selling, you know, a much wider range of services.
 So that would be my first two-part question.
 second question is on
 Italy this time
 And I think you mentioned in the past that there's quite a bit of appetite to move to digital payments in Italy, at least on the consumer side.
 I was wondering if you have your own initiative to perhaps lower acceptance costs for merchants
 and accompanying this transition to digital, new pricing plans, low-cost terminals,
 any specific initiative you're pushing as we go into 2022.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Alexandra.
 So I understand APM, both economics and strategy, and Italy, who are doing anything in the lower
 across promotions.
 Well, listen, let me start from the second one around Italy.
 I think the good news for merchants, actually, is that prices are structurally going down in our sector.
 it's absolutely normal because
 when volumes
 go up
 the unitary prices go down
 he's almost
 a law of economics
 unless you have monopolies
 which is not the case in our industry
 that is very competitive.
 The good news is that the combination of volume growth and annuity prices going down is positive.
 and on top of the video
 so
 We have that service.
 So, prices tend to go down, as has always happened.
 if you like
 the one thing
 that you're doing more proactively, and this is driven by competitive dynamics, is also
 to design propositions
 for the merchant
 that are newer to these products and services.
 It's not a typical new-to-card segment.
 we are offering a nice
 entry levels
 almost try
 and by type of situations
 we believe is important.
 although it is not necessarily on the rates
 because
 a customer that is new to Carta
 doesn't know how much they will use.
 So for them, the barrier to entry is more the terminal.
 and that's where
 we have launched as well
 the mobile post terminal
 that doesn't have a fixed rate per month
 is basically a small one after
 depending on the campaign and so on and so forth
 is normally
 below 50 euros
 €49.
 but again with a higher
 merchant field
 then now we upgrade the merchant to
 to
 to a proposition
 is more suited for higher
 volumes
 When it comes instead on the APM methods and so on and so forth, let me try to give you
 we have been
 Bernardo,
 can
 and comment a bit better.
 First of all, economics.
 clearly the economics are very different
 if you are talking about APMs that you own,
 or IPMs that you distribute and you partner with,
 we should distinguish
 between account to account
 and by now
 later for
 the ones that you own
 by now
 operator has an amazing growth
 profitability-wise
 is actually lower
 because obviously
 comes with a certain cost of risk. It is very much under control, but it's actually a material,
 And by the way, in a specific case, Ray Paye is also investing in growth, as well as every other player in the industry.
 I'm sure you've seen the numbers from some of these players,
 and they are quite explicit about it.
 Actually, rate pays profitable.
 this is good news
 but I hope to keep on investing in growth.
 Account to account is normally more profitable.
 there is a cost to develop the ecosystem
 because it's a two-sided business model.
 You have to sell it to the consumer and sell it to the merchant.
 What the Ciccosystem is
 developed normally it comes with a nice variable margins.
 Instead, when you distribute, you can really have any type of deal, to be honest with you.
 the more you are the one
 facing the customer and distributing
 to the customer, the better
 the economics are
 If it is just a technical integration, then your economics are much lighter.
 but actually for some of them
 the economics are quite comparable
 with the ones that we have on cars
 to be clear
 No, and I cannot give you a specific example because I could, but I cannot in terms of disclosure.
 but I have in mind
 at least a couple of examples
 Radio Comics.
 one in Italy
 at one another place
 where the colleagues are basically the same that we have on cards.
 broader strategy, I mean, I think
 I'm not sure I understand exactly your question
 because the communication
 was not very clean, but
 if your question is
 how do you guys balance on the strategy
 when I have a strong APM
 how do i give it to everybody
 to expand it
 or do I monetize it
 by differentiating myself
 as on the acceptance side.
 I think that's a very, very, very relevant strategic question
 that does not have one answer that is always the same by product and by market
 because it really depends on the specific market dynamics.
 but again
 And if I use the example I said before on buy now pay later, it's quite clear, no?
 rate pay is by now
 operator acceptance method on basically every e-commerce acquirer e-commerce PSP in Germany.
 Why?
 because we have a lower market share
 and therefore
 if you were leaving it only to us
 It would be too much of a restriction for the full potential of the product.
 But maybe in another market with a different starting competitive position of market shares,
 you go in a different direction.
 I'm unimagined yet
 and then
 So I think we need to distinguish, as Paolo did, between account-to-count and BMPL.
 starting with BMPL, we should really think of it as a different product, a different business.
 so in terms of the margin accretion
 or the take rate
 accretion, it really depends where you
 cut the P&L because there is a cost of risk element there that you have in BNPL, but not
 in account-to-count.
 so take rates would be higher
 But then if you go to the very bottom line right now, obviously, as you've seen in some of the other larger listed also players in the BNPL space,
 you have the cost of risk element that you need to take into account.
 whereas account to account I think in terms of top line
 you should think of it as being priced in the various geographies in which it's present,
 more similar to domestic rails, but depending on how lean or efficient they are,
 with the margin being similar to what a card acquirer could be in that same market.
 So in terms of margins, it shouldn't be diluted.
 Got it.
 Thank you.
 the printer image hold on the collar here.
 The next question is from Simonetta Kiriotti with Mediobanka.
 So please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 Just a quick question on synergies during the presentation of the first
 presentation.
 You mentioned the possibility of increasing synergies by 10% in the long term.
 Is it something that you are still considering possible?
 Thank you.
 So, Simonetta, this is a short answer, yes.
 good
 yes absolutely
 I mean, as we're defining better and better plans,
 that's the reason why last time we gave you this highlight,
 this time we're giving you
 our outlook for next year
 we will continue to do it
 we are continuing to update, the more we have visibility.
 be honest with you it also goes in phases in the sense that we had obviously when we did close the
 the two deals, we had our own view
 that was outside in on
 the opportunities. Then as we are closing the deals
 we do a first round of
 inside out view of the opportunities in the long term and then we go into the more year-by-year
 of the failed plans.
 and so this is a little bit more
 is happening.
 We'll continue to keep you updated, but the short answer is yes.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Antonin Bodry with HSBC.
 please go ahead
 Hi, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for taking my question.
 two if I may
 I would have to
 I really want to have your view on the current micro-economic environment,
 on especially inflation.
 we see inflation coming
 in the U.S.
 in certain
 in Europe soon.
 So how do you see inflation impacting your revenue growth?
 I mean, your revenue is
 partly related to value of transaction at the same time
 inflation could decrease the number of
 So how do you see inflation on your revenue growth?
 My second question is about M&A.
 I understand that your focus will be to integrate the two acquisitions you did, but how do you
 consider evolutions of your
 model to address adjacent segments like business-to-business payment, for example.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Anthony. Let me take the second one on M&A and then I pass over to Bernardo because I'm a poor engineer, he's an economist, so I can probably give you much more.
 insightful
 for what we're looking at.
 The
 I
 On M&A, I think here we will have to remain focused not only on what we do but also on what we consider
 because also the screening opportunities or engaging in processes
 by certain organizational costs,
 and we are trying to stay as much
 focused as we can
 And I reiterate probably what I said in the past, the two key areas of focus for us where
 we engage and remain
 our approach is
 remain at the end of the day in Merchant
 I mean, first of all,
 It's mainly mentioned services.
 first one being
 and merchant books especially
 in the markets where we are ready
 and on relationships
 that we already have
 because for us it's important to follow our banks and other strategies
 We can partner with them, and this is what we've done, for example, on UBI, on Alphabank
 as well, and so on.
 And secondary is more broadly e-commerce, both in terms of geographies and also capabilities.
 any few wishes
 and extensions to this, you could also consider
 this world of
 software that
 can be effectively integrated with payments
 and is a small example
 of other birds is a nice one.
 And that does not mean that we go after many of those necessarily.
 we will base it very very carefully and we really want to understand it before we
 They're good also because they're given a position where market partnerships are also
 very good and therefore we want to learn more about the business but clearly e-com and e-commerce
 the journey channel and the merchant books
 a forage
 the key areas
 Bernardo?
 I'm fishing as well.
 Thanks, Pablo, for this economist.
 But it gave me my 10 cents worth.
 But I don't believe Europe will definitely lag.
 the U.S. would probably not have such a steep
 increase in inflation, even though it's lingering.
 our view
 or my view is that our business is actually geared to benefit from inflation.
 As you were saying, two-thirds of our revenues are volume-driven,
 and most of that comes from the value of the transaction.
 Conversely, our cost base is predominantly fixed,
 and obviously there may be some wage price inflation.
 Europe tends to be stickier or more resilient than the U.S. on that front.
 But that should give us some protection.
 but more importantly we pay our processing costs on a per transaction basis
 so we'd have a nice spread between revenues growing because of volume growth.
 thanks to inflation and, as you were suggesting, lower transaction numbers with lower processing costs.
 In addition, on the capital structure front, I mentioned it earlier.
 I think three-quarters of our capital base is – or our fixed income capital base is effectively fixed rates.
 And so, you know, an inflationary pressure should deflate the value of this debt, so beneficial to us.
 And in the very short term, I think it's $1.5 billion of our liabilities are indexed to URIBOR,
 but URI was floored at zero, and therefore we have some absorption capacity in that built into our debt structure.
 overall net net my take is that
 You know, we're net beneficiaries of any pressures.
 answers.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you wish to register for a question, please press star and one on your telephone.
 We'll be right back.
 Mr. Bertolucci, there are no more questions registered at this time.
 Do you perhaps have any closing comments?
 Well, thank you.
 I think that's a simple comment.
 thank you for being with us
 Thank you for the many important questions across numbers, outlook, and strategies,
 As well, I think it's important to have always that at the core as well.
 Again, simple messages for us.
 continue the volume recovery
 across all geographies.
 I think this is really important strategically, not just financially.
 for us a good, strong financial performance across the board in revenues and margin as
 well and last but not least that we continue to progress in the group coming together to have a
 stronger company for the future across the board.
 So thank you very much and looking forward to see many of you over the next few days and week
 and hopefully in person
 and it's great to see
 that some of the meetings
 that he'll be in person again.
 Thank you very much.
 Enjoy the rest of the day.