 Just please simply type in your question at any time and press send.
 The company may not be in a position to answer every question it receives during the meeting itself.
 However, the company reviewed all questions submitted today and published responses were
 appropriate to do so, these will be available via your InvestMeet company dashboard on the
 I'll send you an email when they're ready for your review.
 I'd also like to remind you that this presentation is being recorded.
 As usual, before we begin, we'd like to submit the following poll and I'm sure the company
 would be most grateful for your participation. And I'd now like to hand over to Neil Ricketts,
 CEO from Viserun. Good afternoon.
 Good evening, everybody, and thank you, Mark, for the introduction.
 I'm joined today by Chris, who's going to walk us through the first half
 interim to the financial details and then I'm going to be joined by Steve who's going
 to specifically talk about the activities in South Korea and what's been going on out there.
 Obviously, as Mark said, we'll be answering some of the questions as we go through the
 presentation and any live questions that come in we'll do our best to answer
 but all questions will be answered post-event.
 So, Chris, could you lead us through the interim results, please?
 Yes, of course and good evening everybody
 As you're aware, we publish the results on Monday, and I will just very briefly take
 you through those results. The first slide that we're going to look at just summarizes
 those results and the headlines, I think most people will have actually seen them, but just
 the sake of those who may not have done and we were pleased to report that the group revenues
 from continuing operations were up 41% to 3.8 million from 2.7 million the previous period
 And we refer to continuing operations here because we have classified the revenues that
 that were from the aluminium business
 that was based in Cheltenham,
 which are announced as being discontinued
 as a discontinued activity, and consequently, in these results, they're classified as such,
 which means from an accounting perspective we have to structure the income statement
 slightly different leaf from that which we've done previously and bringing in the net results
 of those discontinued activities as one line, hence the reason that we're referring to continuing
 operations here.
 It's worth noting that any relocation or redundancy costs in relation to that move are classified
 is exceptional and there is a note in the interim statement which details that. Also
 So the ongoing lease costs at Longhope are broadly similar to that at Cheltenham, but
 that of course they provide upgraded facilities
 space for expansion.
 The revenues that were derived from our graphing activities were up 166% to 0.93 million and
 And in the comparative period last year, they were 0.35 million and we'll come on to a little
 bit more analysis of that later on. The adjusted L-BIT DAW, which is the
 primary measure that we use to report for the business on continuing operations
 had reduced by 37%, so those losses were down by 37% to 0.71 million from 1.16 million in
 in the comparative period.
 The reported loss for the business as a whole, including the discontinued operations, was
 3.1 million compared to 4.34 million in the previous period and the loss before
 tax for continuing operations, it was 2.96 million, again down from 4.3 million in the
 previous period.
 and at the banal treat date at 30 September,
 Our cash was up to 3.5 million compared to 2.4 million at the previous period, so just
 That's a little bit more about the key points for the revenue.
 increasing revenue of 1.1 million came from two sources half a million pounds is
 from the recovery in the two mature businesses, AAC and TC, and you may recall we now report
 in two business segments, one is mature businesses, one is technology businesses and the graphene
 revenues of 0.9 million that reported come from two sources as well. They are derived
 from the from product sales 0.3 million comes from product revenues and 0.6 million comes
 from Graphene Product Development Agreement being the DSTL Agreement that we announced
 back in November 2020 and it's worth just noting that since we started work on that development
 agreement for product, for DSTL. The total contract was 1.95 million, which we announced
 and the total income that we've recognised to date on that project is 0.9 million, so
 So there's still further million pounds to recognise on that particular project.
 If we look at the cash flow and balance sheet, and we look at the burn rate for H1, the monthly
 burn rate is roughly 0.4 million and that is made up of the net cash that's
 to using operations of 1.2 million.
 The intangibles that we have capitalized for G scale
 primarily 0.9 million and then the HP stroke lease replanings we've made of
 0.4 million that comes to a total of 2.5 so for six months and roughly our
 monthly burn rate is 0.4 million as reported for the first half. If you
 compare that to the cash and the headroom we've got of six million at that
 same date. We reported in the balance sheet that we had bank balances of three and a half million,
 We had headroom on our invoice finance facilities that we could draw down if we wished to 0.8 million
 And we had 1.7 million that was still undrawn from the Innovate UK loan, which is the total
 the 5.5 million, less the 3.3 million that we had drawn at the balance sheet date. We
 We also have proceeds from Lansvid, which will be coming in over the next few months
 until 2022. They're obviously dependent upon the share price. The first Lancet
 instruments expires in April 22 and the second one in July 22 so you know if
 If we're looking at our monthly burn rate of 0.4 million, our cashstroke headroom is
 six million further proceeds from the Lentzty instrument, we can I think we can
 leave you to draw your own conclusions about the level of funding that we
 actually have. We've also expended 1.1 million in the first period on scale up
 equipment which is a significant amount for us and we should also bear in mind that you know the
 Innovate UK is a loan but that loan does not start to become repayable until 2024 so we're
 some time away from having to consider the repayments on that particular loan.
 So that's the sort of the main part of the numbers.
 So I'll hand you back to Neil to take you through some other things.
 Thanks Chris, so in terms of operational highlights obviously we announced the the investment from
 graphing lab limited in South Korea just short of £2 million. That includes also a
 royalty agreement and the trademark agreement. That's kind of part of our strategy moving forward,
 which is to have these key key kind of associations with our customers and our suppliers in terms
 of other things that happened, we're now in the process of commissioning the Spanish assets,
 So that's an entire factory that was moved over from Spain in this period, including
 all of the machinery, the testing equipment, which I'll touch on later on when we talk
 about the expansion at Long Hope. And we've, as Chris said, we've spent £1.1 million on
 on scaling up our processes again,
 something that we'll talk about a little bit later in the presentation. In terms of things
 that have happened on the customer side, we're very focused around our textile
 developments and also our concrete developments and you'll have seen that
 we've signed agreements with Crosslet and Crossleague,
 I'd say, and also Super Dry, and I was very fortunate to go with the designers and the
 scene management to the opening of their new store where we talked about the impact of
 graphene on their garments moving forward. In terms of other things that are going on
 within the business, although we're focused on the textiles and the construction.
 We also have a number of other agreements in place where we're developing through Steve's
 team, things like materials for the packaging industry and we're very pleased to be working
 in some of the largest packaging companies that are out there.
 So it shows that the business has a huge amount
 of traction now and is moving forwards in a very focused way.
 In terms of the post-period highlights,
 We obviously secured under Steve's leadership a grant with a number of key partners in terms
 are developing our nanomatte technology out of Spain into pseudo capacitors.
 are required where we're looking at electrification and of transport. I've
 already talked about Superdry and how we're working with Superdry on multiple
 projects and lastly we managed to sneak into the interim's there, a royalty
 agreement that's been signed with Kedau, who are one of the largest steel manufacturers if not the
 the largest steel manufacturer in Brazil who started up a graphene production and graphene
 exploitation plan to look at replacing their steel business and we're working closely with
 those are a number of projects, but the first one which has come out as a royalty agreement
 is around using our mask predominantly in Latin America,
 where, unfortunately, COVID is still very prevalent.
 I think that's a great kind of step for the business
 in terms of getting a good hour on board
 working very closely, both at the Graphene Engineering
 Innovation Centre at Manchester, where some of our graphene development happens, but also
 looking at our global footprint, which now includes South Korea, North America, Europe,
 the UK and also Latin America.
 One of the things that shareholders asked about during the pre-submitted questions was, you know, what's happening at Long Hope.
 hope. This is the very latest picture of our innovation centre which is being
 constructed at the moment. That's about a 10,000 square foot facility and includes a state-of-the-art
 laboratory using some of the equipment that was purchased in Spain. We'll also
 be doing our own materials testing. People have asked, you know, what's the main focus of that,
 Well, it's really about commercial things that customers are not happy being in a more open
 environment, but it's also about defence and it's about also looking at the next stages of graphing.
 So, making graphene is one thing, but then actually taking that graphene and using it
 in applications takes an awful lot of expertise and an effort and so this in my view will
 be the way that we take the graphene that's produced in long hope and then feed it into
 customer applications. How do we get it into a bigger variety of materials as the business
 continues to expand. Within the Long Hope facility we've actually moved our
 graphene production from about a 2,000 square foot footprint up to about an 18,000 square
 footprint and that includes the 17 innovation area where our robot will be
 based. Unfortunately it's been a little bit of a delay due to supplier issues and getting
 the machine from Europe. We're still anticipating that we'll have that in place and we'll be
 commissioning it over the Christmas period in the new year. We already have some work to do
 and we'll be learning how to use that machine, developing this brand-new
 technique and if we get time towards the end of this presentation we'll run the
 full video that we showed last time just to give you an indication of the capability of
 that machine.
 And long hope we
 increased our ink production as Chris said so the ink are used in not only our textiles but our
 construction. We use graphene nanoplatelets also in construction and we've
 increased the capacity used in the Spanish assets. That's in the process of commissioning as I said
 last time so we've got the first machine set up and we're now doing the electrical
 installation and the control systems set up so that we can meet the UK regulations now
 as well. We're increasing the ability for us to be able to test the materials that we're producing
 and we're looking at a range of standard materials utilizing the graphene reinforcement.
 but we're also increasing this research area.
 The slab itself will have a brand new product in it in terms of recycled polypropylene fibres
 which have been reinforced with graphene as well.
 So this will be a real place to be able to demonstrate
 And hopefully, you know, COVID permitting will be able to invite shareholders along to see some of these facilities.
 Shareholders that are invited, in fact, any visitor that comes to this site will require
 an NDA and obviously we're trying to keep all of that information as confidential as
 as possible, so access is really quite limited.
 but we do hope to hold some events
 so that shareholders can get to touch
 feel the facility and get an idea of how that has expanded, as I say, from 2000 square
 But it's almost 28,000 square foot.
 Let's catch my breath slightly.
 So, moving on, I'm going to pass over now to Steve.
 Steve is down in Cambridge and has recently been to South Korea and he's going to give
 you an update as to what's been going on in South Korea. Steve, can you take over now?
 Thanks Neil, and a new Haseyo to everybody, that's hello in Korean.
 So, as Neil mentioned, just to give an overview, it's almost been one year now since the acquisition
 of assets from Hanwha Tecwin.
 So, just to go through the history of where it all started.
 And so Samsung Techwin, back in 2009, they initiated the graphing business under their
 semiconductor parts operation department they worked on predominantly three
 national projects, one with the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, MOTI and others
 with the MSIT, that's the Ministry of Science and ICT, and those amounted to around £24
 and pounds and the main goals there were to achieve quite large-scale growth of
 of single-layer graphing via the chemical vapor deposition
 C-video approach.
 Lots of effort and activity were going towards the development of graphene in different applications,
 particularly those that will rely on roll-to-roll,
 very high throughput manufacturing.
 So a lot of work has been done on looking at the replacement
 or substitution of indium tin oxides
 that we find in most of our displays and devices.
 And so, also along those lines, systems were built,
 capable of producing around 1.6 by 90, 1.6 meter by 90 centimeter scale graphene.
 So that was followed by a takeover.
 by Hanwa Tekwin in 2015,
 who then launched further projects with MSIT
 and those who are looking to develop new equipment
 for testing and characterizing graphene
 in a non-destructive way.
 many of the techniques that we have to use
 characterising graphing can be destructive, but obviously there's quite a lot of interest
 in once we've made life-scale samples, how to put those into an application and analyze
 the quality without destroying those. So there's several pieces of inspection
 equipment which have now been transferred over to Versailles in Korea, and two of the
 previous ongoing projects were then completed during that phase as well between 2015 and
 2020. Obviously, the discussions with Hanwha Tech
 women have taken many months during 2020. And I'll go
 through what's been happening since then.
 So on to the next slide.
 slides. Our story didn't start there.
 We date back to around 2017 where Neil first went out to Japan and Korea as part of a megatech
 trade mission. That was a UKTI led mission. And that was where we first met Matt Walker,
 part of DIT, the Department of International Trade, and then in the subsequent years in
 June and September 2018 Neil again visited career we're also involved in
 in the Innovate UK Global Business Innovation Program,
 CBIP focused on advanced materials and again that led to new collaborations and partnerships
 South Korea. In October 2018 we appointed Rachel Kim as our Korean representative who's still
 with the business. And in those years leading up to the first discussions myself and Matt Walker
 again since he joined the business. We visited to again build networks, build collaborations
 and that was all supported by Rachel Kim.
 So, probably, June last year was the time where we started and we heard about the opportunity
 to acquire the graphene business from Hanwha Tech Gwinn.
 So obviously there were several months there of discussions assessing the IP due diligence
 and negotiations or with COVID going on in the background. And then it wasn't until December 2020
 that we we finally acquired the the assets and the IP from from Pamela Aerospace.
 So, that was a busy year last year and this acquisition, as we presented before, this
 covers more than 100 patents across 29 different families with protection in many parts of
 the world and that's covering everything from the process equipment, recipes and graphene
 in growth, recipe, manufacturing methods.
 Obviously, before we even start the graphene growth,
 we need to use a metal substrate.
 and also those substrates, depending on their cleanliness
 and the quality and the size of the metallic crystals.
 that really affects the graphing growth.
 So there's lots of know-how and IP based on what we do to that metal before it even goes
 in the furnace before we even switch on the machines.
 Once we actually make the single layer graphing, lots of things you can do after the process
 because naturally, once it's exposed to the environment, it's picked up certain molecules
 it can have what we call doping, so it can be p-doped or n-doped,
 And that might then affect the final application
 that you're trying to develop. So there's lots of things post-treatment wise you can
 and add certain chemicals to the graphene surface
 to get electrons to either move into graphene
 move out of graphene so that you can start from a clean platform.
 Obviously we're growing on a metal and that the graphene if you want to make a
 a semiconductor device that has to be transferred. So one of the key processes is looking at
 how we can get rid of that metal.
 And so there's a range of both wet chemical processes
 also dry processes to get the graphene from the copper or metal onto the substrate of
 of your choice, whether that's plastic, that's glass,
 or could even be a text or a substrate.
 Lots of IP there is also on that metal removal and that's the chemical process, and also
 So looking at end electronic devices and so several application IP there that we can look
 to harness.
 So moving on to the next slide,
 This is really the story of the last year.
 So month by month, once we did that acquisition last December,
 The first few months were looking for a new facility for all of the equipment and looking
 first strategic partners out in South Korea. So that took about three months. We were searching
 different provinces in South Korea looking and making sure that we fit in
 with all of the local environmental policies and, yeah, three months later and following
 strategic investment from Graphene Lab in career, we moved into a new facility in May
 and I'll go on to the next slide where that's based in May was the month where the big move
 happened, moving everything from Hanwar to the new viscary and career premises and then
 subsequent months, June, July, fitting out the labs, installing commissioning equipment,
 repairing some parts, hiring new staff, so we've had new technical and business development
 staff join the company and they've moved the cost from Hanwha Techland so they've got all of that
 know-how and expertise, that was critical to continuing the business. In August and September,
 We were involved in a Korean news program, YTN, one of the most famous news channels.
 and that was with myself and Matt Walker taking part from the UK and then
 And probably, and quicker than I'd expected, we were producing first samples by October,
 So first, quite good quality, single-air graphing samples.
 And then, obviously, we've needed to continue optimizing and improve that process, not just
 the graphene growth but the transfer processes as well. So I visited beginning of November
 for around 10 days and that was a great opportunity to meet the new staff to look at what progress
 has been made, meets Graphene Lab, obviously as our strategic partner, we want to have
 a very good relationship, very strong collaboration, and also had the opportunity to go and visit
 several academic institutes meet other commercial partners that we want to work with and also
 sign some collaboration agreements. While I was there we also installed a class 1000
 in the same room.
 And that basically means we have a very low number of particles of dust and contamination
 in the rim.
 enable us to provide even higher-quality graphing materials.
 And then end of November, we've even seen our first sales of CVD graphing materials.
 So that's a huge step.
 And now we're looking to really create
 high quality data sheets that we can supply to the market
 and provide samples to both academic and commercial partners.
 So here's a map of South Korea. So the orange point is our new location. So we're in the Gyeonggi Province
 That's just south of the center of Seoul. We're about one hour south of Gangnam
 We're about one and a half hours from Incheon Airport and about 30 minutes
 south of where Hanwa Tekwin were formerly based so that's in a in a city
 called Songna so it's quite a convenient location, good for getting around career and as I say
 travelling to and from the city centre or out of lying areas, quite a lot of areas around,
 we're based in a place called Hoasong, Hoasong Sea,
 And there's lots of other kind of industrial cities around the area.
 So it's a very good location.
 And part of it is that it's a very good location.
 probably a one hour in the south city called Dejon,
 Many, many large companies and academic institutes
 based in that city as well. So we're quite well placed at the moment. So a couple of
 pictures of the the building you may have seen some of these before and some
 photos here we've posted some of these on Twitter, unfortunately I can't have
 videos for you today but you may have seen me posting some images and videos of machinery
 being moved from a basement-level building up and onto these large vehicles, and also
 another piece of kit that required actually shutting down one of the highways in South
 career was was the installation of the scrubber so that's that's a piece of
 equipment which sits outside the building which is taking all of the
 extracts from our processing, cleaning it and then emitting cleaner air.
 So plenty going on.
 Here's a few snapshots from our YTN TV news channel.
 With myself, as I said, due to COVID,
 We weren't able to travel at that time, but we were able to film and this is Mr. Kwon
 who's the CTO of Graphene Lab,
 and we have quite frequent get-togethers
 to, again, discuss collaborations and to discuss what the future holds.
 is a few pictures of the clean rooms.
 So I mentioned we've recently had a class 1000 room installed, so the square room in
 in the background.
 We probably won't show you inside that,
 that's where the graphene is being synthesized and that's where we do some of the other
 processes called lamination transfer and stacking. The rest of the room is
 hosting quite a lot of chemical testing and graphene
 in characterizations, so measuring electronic properties,
 measuring things like the environmental tolerance
 of the graphene that's produced.
 there's a room in the back which I'll show a picture of in a second which is
 another characterization suite and off the page to the right hand side we actually have
 of a white chemical etching system.
 So as I mentioned, there's two routes to remove copper
 from the process.
 And that can be through a chemical dissolution.
 And so there's different systems here
 for doing on a batch, on the left-hand side
 a batch scale and on the right hand side is doing more roll-to-roll processing so you
 you can do much larger scale, higher throughput.
 And here's a final snapshot of the characterization lab.
 So not everything here, but just you
 You can see a Raman spectrometer on the left.
 We have a scanning electron microscope in the center,
 and that has other x-ray characterization capabilities
 for elemental analysis and things like that.
 So yeah, very well,
 tooled up now with tools which also can help support activities in the UK because there's
 equipment that we don't have in the UK.
 Here are some of the first samples that we've actually sold.
 So a customer wanting four inch squares of graphene
 on different substrates.
 So actually we've supplied it with what we call a thermal release film.
 So this means you can transfer the graphene
 from that copper using a thermal release tape.
 And so it's a dry process.
 It doesn't involve any chemistry.
 But what we also do, we're growing the graphine
 There's a single atomic, single layer of atoms,
 but then we can actually stack this up,
 And we do that, stacking these layers one by one
 because for certain applications,
 you might need a lower sheet resistance so you want something that has a bit more conductivity
 And obviously, steel is optically transparent.
 So we have a lot of expertise in not just the growth,
 but also this stacking and transfer process, which
 is crucial to many of the applications being developed.
 So that's me in the lab with one of our technical guys and again one of on the right-hand side
 signing a collaboration agreement with one of our partners SD lab and so that
 again, is possibly more focused for the UK business, but would involve technology from
 of this airing career. So SD Labr are developing a novel antimicrobial devices and coatings
 that all sit nicely alongside our existing technology
 developed with nanomats. So that should be a good collaboration and there's further potential
 there to work on different kinds of sensor to detect antimicrobial species, which will
 go alongside some of their intended products. So that's really exciting and I think one
 of the questions on the on the channel was, is career just going to be focusing on CVD
 graphene and the answer is no, definitely not because obviously we want to further establish
 and push what we're doing in the UK out into Asia.
 So although, probably, the focus will be on manufacturing
 Severely Graphene for sale, we need to develop further academic and commercial opportunities
 And also, we can now support those CVD activities in the UK, Europe, and the U.S., and other
 parts where the serin already has a footprint.
 Of course, key to this is forming that strong relationship with Graphene Lab, who are a
 strategic investor and with them we're looking to develop commercial sensors and other optoelectronic
 devices and also work alongside potentially some national projects that are key to South
 career. But yeah, absolutely looking to further extend the nanoplatelets and other products
 that we're producing in the UK, NANIN, GMP, HP materials, the GP500, which is material
 produced from the Spanish assets that Neil's talked about.
 Hexateen is still being produced and we're looking to develop new applications with the
 eggs are going to borrow nitrides, the graphenex, again a lot of scale-up going on in long
 hope at the moment and I call them GN8X but need nanomats materials which are quite a
 a wide portfolio at the moment.
 And then, of course, the product 17 polygrain graphene
 hoping to push these out into South Korea as soon as we can. So I think that's it
 So for me, Neil, I'll pass back to yourself to finish up.
 Yeah, just going back to that last slide actually Steve. We've already started that
 those conversations with our standard range of products and processes so you
 know that's that's something that we're continuing to brief our people on. Last slide of the
 presentation is really about our environmental statement, which is, you know, we believe
 that this area is in a unique position to deliver, you know, substantial environmental gains
 by using the key technologies that we've developed.
 If we look at concrete, we know that we could reduce the environmental impact by up to 30
 which is obviously very topical at the moment.
 moment. That's not the only thing that this area could affect. Things like, like waiting
 in the automotive and aerospace applications and Steve's team still continuing to work
 on the European Graphene Flagship project where we're looking at key components for
 the aerospace industry to change the way they do things.
 really disruptive technology but we're also looking at advanced building materials, we're
 looking at recycling, bioplastics and so pretty much everything that we're
 involved in including energy has been that someone talked about in in the
 questions and answers that have been going on at the moment. They all have a massive
 impact in in the way that you know the environment is currently being you know
 looked at, so very topical. That concludes the kind of presentation, but we've got some
 questions here and be interested to go through some of the questions.
 That's great. Now let me just give you a small pause so you can break between the Q&A.
 So thank you to you all for your presentation, ladies and gentlemen, please do continue
 to submit your questions using the Q&A tab on the right hand corner of your screen.
 But just wanted the guys to take a few moments to review the investor questions submitted
 during today's meeting, I'd like to remind you that the recording of this
 presentation.
 Along with
 All the copies of the slides and the published Q&A can be accessed via your dashboard on
 and the Investomy Company platform.
 I'd also like to remind you that your feedback
 will be important to the company and immediately after this presentation's ended you'll be
 redirected in order that you can provide the company with your thoughts, views and expectations.
 Neil, not a lot of time to look at those questions, but I guess you've had a bit of time throughout
 the presentation. If I may, can I just hand back to you to read out the questions where
 do you think it's appropriate to give responses to?
 And obviously, as you previously mentioned,
 that the Q&A that was pre-submitted, obviously,
 that you'll have a chance to review that
 and put some responses to that as well.
 So if I may just hand back to you just to read out the questions, that'd be great.
 Thank you very much Mark. We've tried to answer many of the pre-submitted ones as we can as we go through the presentation, but
 but what we'll do is we'll do our best to answer all of those.
 There were a few questions about gross margin and about forward looking statements and stuff
 that and that's not really our job in this presentation what those kind of
 things will be covered by certain research notes. So, you know, we can look forward to
 getting some coverage there and that should answer some of those questions.
 Steve, Mike had a specific question about the South Korean facility and whether, you know, that's currently set up to do samples or, you know, does it need to be scaled up?
 you know my kind of response would be we're always in the process of scaling up
 There's always a need to get bigger to look at more available markets, but what's your view Steve?
 Yeah, it's very application dependent, so if you are wanting to go into the display
 market you obviously need to make graphene as big as possible and as high throughput as
 possible. However there's tons of applications if you want to make a
 a sensor, you can make thousands of sensors with just like one centimeter square of material.
 So, yeah, it really depends on application,
 but we have everything in place to be able to make
 graphene useful in a range of applications.
 We will obviously need to work with other partners.
 We need to find other, because we will not be able to do everything.
 we will not be able to make a final product and also,
 For example, working on things like biosensing,
 We need to work with some other partners
 that actually have some of that expertise
 that they can bring to us.
 And so, yeah, we've got everything we need to develop
 prototypes and other, for a number of different applications.
 if you want anything else there, Neil.
 No, that's fine. Thanks, Steve.
 Hopefully that's answered your question, Mike.
 Ken asked about initiatives in the field of batteries.
 obviously that's covered by our European subsidiary Nanomert, where we have a majority stake there.
 they're looking at using the graphene that we produce and that's how we came
 to know about the Spanish assets and then functionalizing those and modifying those
 graphene materials suitable for supercapacitors and battery materials and they've been involved
 in quite a few projects now. They're still, as I said, at the time of acquisition at a
 very early stage but obviously that's a big market to be involved in and one that we look
 forward to seeing quite a lot of progress in. So, yes, we are involved in the field
 of energy, I would say, and that's going to become more relevant as the environmental
 factors change in terms of kind of specifics around you know where the
 CBD was sold. Well, we're not going to tell you that unfortunately, because that will let our competitors know exactly where to go hunting.
 But Jane asked, you know, was that supplied into South Korea?
 I believe it was supplied into South Korea.
 you know, what we see is that we're using the global footprint so that the materials
 that we're producing in the UK.
 we can sell those in South Korea.
 And vice versa, the materials that are produced
 in South Korea, we can then start to sell those in the UK.
 Steve said, you know, there's some constraints around that in terms of this isn't a massive
 factory, but it is enough to be able to satisfy our demands at the moment. We're not looking
 at substantial amounts of capital equipment in a few years either, you know, I wouldn't
 discount the need if it was driven by a commercial decision but as it stands at
 moment we've scaled up our main primary processes and now it's time to look for the commercial
 all draws that's needed there.
 So let's get all that equipment commissioned and set up and then produce the sales from
 that equipment before we looked too far. There was a question, a pre-submitted question
 actually, which is quite interesting, which is, you know, do you see, you know, what's
 business model around the production of graphene and I kind of think that at the
 moment we would look towards following both. So we wouldn't discount centralized giga-type factories
 but we also wouldn't discount a distributed model where it makes sense.
 So, for instance, if you've got a concrete manufacturer, then it makes sense to have a
 graphene manufacturing plant, very close to that, to cut the logistics of the
 environmental impact of producing graphene to the very
 minimum it can be.
 Martin's just asked a question now about the green mark and I think yes, we have talked
 about that. We've not added it yet but it would be part of our environmental push to
 look at the green mark and other environmental changes and
 accreditations. Paul Denney, who is working on a lot of our G-Scale projects, is our head of
 sustainability and that's part of his role to look at our sustainability policies and
 to make sure that we're minimising the impact not only of our factories but also working
 that our customers minimise the CO2 impact of their processes as well.
 There was a question about why Samsung and Hanwha relinquished the patents and equipment
 Well, you'll have seen that roughly £24 million, or $24 million, I think it was Steve, was
 actually put into the business through national projects
 and investment. The business of Techwin was sold to Hanwha and that included the graphene
 assets as part of a corporate deal in South Korea and then subsequently Hanwha are not
 in the business of developing graphene, so we had the opportunity to buy those assets
 and to take on that development for them, you know, so that's kind of my understanding,
 but you're never quite sure in these corporate transactions what the main driver is.
 There's lots of questions coming in now, so there's some technical or financial questions
 which we'll refer to after the meeting,
 and there's some questions about Superdryo. I answered some of those. We're not going to get
 graphene into every product, unfortunately, because there are price points and kind of
 benefit analysis that needs to be done, but we are working with Superdrone on a large
 number of projects. Well, I consider it to be a large number of projects. It's definitely
 challenging for the team as it stands at the moment and that they cover a wide variety
 of different products so obviously we can't say too much because that's a good
 actual engagement and I think that's being a key to our development in the textile industry.
 the super dry not the only people that we're working with we are working with a
 number of other people that we've talked about already. We're not going to talk about our
 competitors. What our competitors do is up to them. We're focused on what for
 we have a very strong strategy, really looking forward to Diane joining us as the new chairperson
 January. She comes from a background of taking a business very similar to ours in terms of its size
 through to a main exchange listing and being involved in that whole scale-up.
 So I've worked with Diane and known Diane for a while.
 I like the way that she works, you know,
 She's very challenging as a chairperson.
 is very good at corporate governance and for me it's about not only exploiting her relationships
 and her experience, but for the good of the company, but also learning from some of the
 mistakes and and looking and reflecting on how we can do things within the
 company much better and Diane is very good at that. She comes from an operational background
 where the business have to scale very quickly.
 I think that that experience will be absolutely key to us.
 There's lots of questions about forward-looking statements and things like that.
 We can't answer those unfortunately, but we will, as I said before, take those up with,
 with you know various bits of research that we're doing. So I'm trying to look at the
 questions as I'm talking as well. I think also worth pointing out that a lot of these
 technical questions maybe there's answers in our previous presentation given last month on the on
 on this platform?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Exactly, Steve, and this is a quarterly update.
 It's very close to the previous one because the previous one was was reset
 scheduled and we'd hope to to have another one of these in in the next kind of three months
 so that we can keep our shareholders up to date with what's happening and that's also
 an opportunity for you to ask as many questions as you can.
 you can. I'm just looking through if there's anything here. Do we have any
 Brian looks like he's been busy in the US, which is true. We've got a number of good
 opportunities in the US? Have you got plans for a manufacturing base? Well that will come
 on the back of commercial success if it's relevant, so that's one that we're keeping
 a watch on the ion at the moment, we're quite able to supply that from the UK, did the
 area of the graphene that went into, there's actually seven kilometers of the A1M, yes
 we did. That was in the public domain. Any news on the university trials in terms of textiles?
 Yes, myself and Bobby sat through a presentation a few weeks ago about the test results, very,
 very good news as far as I'm concerned. That is forming the basis of not only the
 grapheme where websites but also what Bobby is working on at the moment but also a white
 paper which I'm hoping Steve will be working on as well. So, how far are we
 away from making any decisions. We're at the moment demonstrating our technology to
 a range of customers so that's not a decision that we need to make in the
 immediate future. God, there's lots of questions here now. I wish to ask them a
 a little bit earlier.
 Do we have sufficient production capacity? I think I mentioned that earlier as it stands at
 At the moment, yes, we've got plenty of capacity for what we have currently planned, although
 We don't, we're constantly monitoring that.
 Large companies, they take a long time, unfortunately, to move and sometimes it's much better to
 to look at smaller ones.
 We've got a question here.
 This is one for you, Chris.
 How much of the loan is due in 2024?
 I think it's a scheduled payment that goes on for what we would classify as a relatively
 Yeah, I think we said back when we issued the R&S, we gave the details of that which
 was
 as it's repayable quarterly over three years.
 So, and that's the capital, we're really paying interest on this as well.
 So yeah, there's more in the R&S.
 There's a question here from Andy, did you enjoy Puzzle X and the panel you were on?
 Yes, I did enjoy Puzzilex.
 It gave me a great opportunity to sit down with Jose Antonio, who came as part of the
 Spanish assets and Roberto to talk about our plans for Viserium Europe we kind of
 heading our bets over Brexit when we set up the series in Europe but I'm pleased
 to say that Jose Antonio is now part of our team and I wanted him when we were first talking
 to the guys in Spain.
 So that's a great result for the company.
 He's also part of our business development team.
 So someone asked you, do we have an international footprint?
 where we have guys in South Korea, we have people in Europe,
 and we have people in the UK.
 obviously Brian out in the U.S. as well.
 Do we have any thoughts about future takeovers?
 Well, that's always an interesting thing.
 We always prefer an eye out on what's happening.
 We're monitoring the competitive environment in which we work.
 We've seen a lot of people fall by the wayside.
 We've seen some new entrants and we keep our eye
 We support as many people as possible.
 The reason that we support them is that it's very important for the industry to have options,
 you know, if you have a monopoly, it's very, very difficult for large companies to actually
 to actually, you know, build a competitive supply chain.
 So, you know, I actually look forward to having good competitors in the market because it
 it drives development and it keeps everybody honest.
 And there we have a situation where we're seeing
 consolidation in the market.
 So yeah, we do keep an eye out on all of our competitors.
 And I'm sure that there'll be opportunities in the future.
 We also look for acquisitions as we've always stated,
 people where they can advance the adoption of our technology.
 So looking for people both behind us in terms of our supply chain, but also in front of us.
 So, that's an activity that keeps both myself and Chris busy.
 Unfortunately, you have to kiss a lot of frogs until you find a prince.
 Well, acquisitions, there's no true statement, unfortunately.
 I'm kind of running out of steam here.
 There's a question mark about how advanced the commissioning of the new 100 ton equipment
 is that's advancing well. The mechanical side of the first machine is now complete and as I said
 earlier, we're looking at the control systems because it came from Europe and
 they're compliant with the UK and and we're in the process of making some
 minor changes to the control system there to accommodate that. In terms of
 In terms of communication, we're trying to communicate as much as we can.
 unfortunately myself Chris and Steve are actively involved in the business as
 well so that limits the amount of communication sometimes we can do we work quite long hours
 But we try to keep the businesses or the shareholders as informed as possible through every channel we can.
 So that includes podcasts, that includes social media where we have a very tight policy, and
 and also events like this so we do like doing events with shareholders so they can get to
 to see the business and hold the directors accountable.
 So as far as I'm concerned, that's an important thing for us to do.
 Good. I think that's just about us, Mark.
 and look at any of the questions that we may be able to answer.
 of these we may have to answer after the meeting unfortunately but we'll do our best to answer
 every question we can.
 That's absolutely no problem at all.
 And thank you very much indeed to all those investors that have taken the time to submit
 questions today.
 Neil, I'll shortly redirect investors to provide you with their thoughts and expectations
 and give you their feedback. But I guess before doing so, if you've got a few last words
 That would be great, and then I'll redirect everybody.
 Yeah, I mean, I think the first thing is,
 Thank you for all your support.
 Thank you for all your questions.
 And I guess it falls on the mountain team too.
 I wish you all the very best of season's greetings.
 It's it's been a very trying time for anybody that's been involved in business over the last two years
 but we've seen a huge amount of progress in the business, not least the production capacity,
 but also from Steve's team on the technical side.
 I'd like to thank all of our employees who have gone the extra mile in some very, very
 difficult conditions and I'd also like to thank the directors for all of their
 efforts as well and so that's all from me Mark. That's great Neil, Chris, Steve thank
 you once again for updating investors this evening.
 Could I please ask investors not to close this session as I'll now automatically redirect
 you for the opportunity to provide your feedback in order that the management team can really
 better understand your views and expectations. This might take a few
 moments to complete but I'm sure will be warmly welcomed by the company. On behalf of the
 measurement team of the Syrian PLC would like to thank you for attending today's
 presentation. That now concludes today's session and good evening to you all.