 Just please simply type in your question at any time and press send.
 The company may not be in a position to answer every question it receives during the meeting itself.
 However, the company will review all questions submitted today and publish responses where it's appropriate to do so.
 these will be available via your investment company dashboard and we'll send you an email
 when they're ready for your review.
 I'd also like to remind you that this presentation is being recorded.
 As usual, before we begin, we'd like to submit the following poll,
 and I'm sure the company would be most grateful for your participation.
 and I'd now like to hand over to Neil Ricketts, CEO from Viserion.
 Good afternoon, y'all.
 Good evening, everybody, and thank you, Mark, for the introduction.
 I'm joined today by Chris, who's going to walk us through the first half interims, the financial details.
 and then I'm going to be joined
 by Steve
 who's going to specifically talk about activities in South Korea
 and what's been going on out there.
 Obviously, you know,
 As Mark said, we'll be answering some of the questions as we go through the presentation
 and any live questions that come in
 we'll do our best to answer
 but all questions will be answered post-event.
 So, Chris, could you lead us through the interim results, please?
 Yes, of course. Good evening, everybody.
 the
 as you're aware
 we published the results on Monday and I will just very briefly take you through
 those results the the first slide that we're going to look at just summarizes
 those results and the headlines. I think most people would have actually seen them,
 but just just for the sake of those who may not have done and we were pleased
 to report that the group revenues from continuing operations were up 41%,
 3.8 million from 2.7 million the previous period and we refer to continuing operations here
 because we have classified the revenues that were from the aluminium business
 that was based in Cheltenham, which were announced as being discontinued as a
 discontinued activity and consequently in these results they're classified as
 such which means from an accounting perspective we have to structure the
 income statement slightly differently from that which we've done previously
 and bring in the net results of those discontinued activities as one line,
 hence the reason that referring to to continuing operations here it's worth
 noting that any relocation or redundancy costs in relation to that move a classified as exceptional
 and there's a note in the interim statement which which details that also
 the ongoing lease costs at Longhope
 but broadly similar to that of Cheltenham, but of course, they provide upgraded facilities and space for expansion.
 The revenues that were derived from our graphene activities were up 166% to 0.93 million in
 the comparative period last year they were 0.35 million and we'll come on to a little bit more
 analysis of that later on the adjusted lbit dar which is this primary measure
 that we used to to report for the business on continuing operations had reduced by 37 percent
 so those losses were down by 37% to 0.71 million from 1.16 million in the comparative period.
 The reported loss for the business as a whole, including the discontinued operations, was
 3.1 million compared to 4.34 million in the previous period and the loss before
 tax for continuing operations it was 2.96 million again down from 4.3 million in the previous period
 And at the balance sheet date, the 30th of September, our cash was up to 3.5 million
 compared to 2.4 million the previous period.
 so just a little bit more about the key points for the revenue that increase in
 revenue of 1.1 million came from two sources. Half a million pounds is from
 recovery in the two mature businesses AAC and TC and you may recall we now
 report in two business segments one is mature businesses one is technology businesses and the
 graphene revenues of 0.9 million that reported come from two sources as well
 they are derived from the from product sales 0.3 million comes from product
 revenues and 0.6 million comes from graphene product development agreement
 being the DSTL agreement that we announced back in November 2020 and it's
 worth just noting that since we started work on that development agreement for
 product for dstl the the total contract was 1.95 million which we announced and
 And the total income that we've recognised to date on that on that project is 0.9 million.
 So there's still a further million pounds to recognise on that particular project.
 if we look at some as the cash flow and balance sheet and we look at the the burn
 rate for H1. The monthly burn rate is roughly 0.4 million and that is made up of the net cash it's
 used in operations of 1.2 million, the intangibles that we have capitalised for G-scale primarily
 of 0.9 million and any HP stroke lease repayments we've made of 0.4 million.
 That comes to a total of 2.5, so for six months roughly our monthly burn rate is 0.4 million
 as reported for the first half.
 If you compare that to the cash and the headroom we've got of six million at that same date,
 We reported in the balance sheet that we had bank balances of three and a half million.
 had headroom on our invoice finance facilities that we could draw down if we
 wished to of 0.8 million and we had 1.7 million that was still undrawn from the Innovate UK loan
 which is the total of the 5.5 million less the 3.3 million that we had drawn at the balance sheet
 date. We also have proceeds from Lanstead which will be coming in over the next few months until
 2022 and they're obviously dependent upon the share price the first lancid instruments expires in
 April 22 and the second one in July 22 so you know if we're looking at our
 monthly burn rate of 0.4 million
 are cash-stroke headroom
 of six million further proceeds from the leinstein instrument um we can i think we can leave you to
 draw your own conclusions about the level of funding that we actually have. We've also expended
 1.1 million in the first period
 on scale
 equipment which is a significant amount for us and we should also bear in mind that you know the
 Innovate UK is a loan
 but that that loan does not start to become repayable until 2024 so we're
 some time away from having to consider the repayments on that particular loan so that's the
 that's the sort of
 the
 main part of the numbers so I'll hand you back to Neil to take you through
 some other things.
 thanks Chris
 So in terms of operational highlights, obviously, we announced the investment from Graphene Lab Limited in South Korea, just short of two million pounds.
 That includes also a royalty agreement and the trademark agreement.
 And that's kind of part of our strategy moving forward, which is to have these key kind of associations with our customers and our suppliers.
 In terms of other things that happened, we're now in the process of commissioning the Spanish assets.
 that's an entire factory that was moved over from spain in this period including all of the
 machinery the testing equipment which i'll touch on later on when we talk about the expansion at
 long hope. And we've, as Chris said, we've spent 1.1 million pounds on scaling up our processes
 is, again, something that we'll talk about a little bit later in the presentation.
 In terms of things that have happened on the customer side,
 We're very focused around our textile developments and also our concrete developments.
 and you'll have seen that we've signed agreements with Crosslet and Crossleet, shall I say,
 and also super dry
 And I was very fortunate to go with the designers and the senior management to the opening of their new store,
 where we talked about the impact of graphene on their garments moving forward.
 in terms of other things that are going on within the business,
 Although we're focused on the textiles and the construction, we also have a number of other agreements in place where we're developing, through Steve's team, things like materials for the packaging industry.
 And we're very pleased to be working with some of the largest packaging companies that are out there.
 So it shows that the business has a huge amount of traction now and is moving forwards in a very focused way.
 In terms of the post-period highlights, we obviously secured, under Steve's leadership, a grant with a number of key partners in terms of developing our nanomat technology out of Spain into pseudo-capacitors.
 these are required
 where we're looking at electrification of transport.
 I've already talked about SuperDry and how we're working with SuperDry on multiple projects.
 and lastly
 we managed to sneak into the interims there, a royalty agreement that's been signed with
 who are one of the largest steel manufacturers,
 if not the largest steel
 manufacturer in Brazil
 Bill, who have started up a graphene production, graphene exploitation plan to look at replacing their steel business.
 and we're working closely with those on a number of projects
 But the first one, which has come out as a royalty agreement, is around using our mask predominantly in Latin America, where unfortunately, COVID is still very prevalent.
 of step for the business in terms of getting Gadaw on board and working very closely, both
 at the Graphene Engineering Innovation Centre up at Manchester, where some of our graphene
 development happens, but also looking at our global footprint, which now includes South
 Korea, North America, Europe, the UK and also now Latin America. One of the things that shareholders
 asked about during the
 pre-submitted questions was, you know, what's happening at Longhope?
 This is the very latest picture of our innovation center, which is being constructed at the moment.
 That's about a 10,000 square foot facility and includes a state of the art laboratory using some of the equipment that was purchased in Spain.
 We'll also be doing our own materials testing.
 people have asked
 You know, what's the main focus of that?
 Well, it's really about commercial things that customers are not happy being in a more open environment, but it's also about defense and it's about also looking at the next stages of graphene.
 So making graphene is one thing, but then actually taking that graphene and using it in applications takes an awful lot of expertise and an effort.
 And so this, in my view, will be the way that we take the graphene that's produced in Longhope and then feed it into customer applications.
 You know, how do we get it into a bigger variety of materials as the business continues to expand?
 Within the Long Hope facility, we've actually moved our graphene production
 from about a 2,000-square-foot footprint up to about an 18,000-square-foot footprint.
 And that includes the 17 innovation area where our robot will be based.
 Unfortunately, there's been a little bit of a delay due to supplier issues and getting the machine from Europe.
 We're still anticipating that we'll have that in place
 and we'll be commissioning it over the Christmas period and the new year.
 We already have some work to do and we'll be learning how to use that machine,
 developing this brand new technique.
 technique and if we get time towards the end of this presentation we'll run the full video that
 we shared last
 time just to give you an
 indication of the capability
 of that machine.
 A long hope we've increased our ink production, as Chris said.
 So the ink used in not only our textiles, but our construction.
 We use graphene nanoplatelets also in construction, and we've increased the capacity using the Spanish assets.
 That's in the process of commissioning, as I said last time.
 So we've got the first machine set up and we're now doing the electrical installation and the control systems set up so that we can meet the UK regulations now as well.
 We're increasing the ability for us to be able to test the materials that we're producing,
 and we're looking at a range of standard materials utilising the graphing reinforcement,
 But we're also, you know, increasing this research area.
 The slab itself will have a brand new product in it in terms of recycled polypropylene fibres, which have been reinforced with graphene as well.
 so this will be a real place to be able to
 demonstrate and hopefully
 you know COVID permitting we'll be able to invite shareholders along to see some of these facilities
 Shareholders are invited.
 In fact, any visitor that comes to this site will require an NDA and obviously we're trying
 to keep all of our information as confidential as possible so access is really quite limited but um
 We do hope to hold some events
 so that shareholders can get to touch and feel the facility
 and get an idea of how that has expanded, as I say, from 2,000 square foot.
 But it's almost 28,000 square foot.
 Just catch my breath slowly.
 so moving on
 I'm going to pass over now to Steve.
 Steve is down in Cambridge
 and has recently been to South Korea
 and he's going to give you an update as to what's been going on in South Korea.
 Steve, can you take over now?
 Thanks, Niu, and Anu Haseyo to everybody.
 that's hello in Korean
 so as Neil mentioned
 just to give a
 But it's almost been one year now since the acquisition of assets from Hanwha Techwin.
 so just to go through the history of where it all started
 and so Samsung
 Techwin back in 2009, they initiated the graphene business under their semiconductor parts
 operation department they worked on predominantly three national projects one with the ministry of
 trade industry and energy
 Moti and
 others with the MSIT
 that's the Ministry of Science and ICT
 and those amounted to around 24 million pounds
 and the main goals
 there were to
 achieve
 quite large scale growth of
 single layer graphing
 via the chemical vapor deposition CVD approach.
 Lots of effort and activity. We're going towards development of graphene in different applications, particularly those that will rely on on roll to roll, very high throughput manufacturing.
 so a lot of
 Work has been done on looking at the replacement or substitution of indium tin oxides that we find in most of our displays and devices.
 and so also along
 along those lines systems were built capable of producing around 1.6 by 990 1.6 meter by 90
 centimeter scale uh graphene so that that's uh was followed by a takeover by hanwa tequin in 2015
 who then launched further projects with MSIT
 And those were looking to develop new equipment for testing and characterizing graphene in a non-destructive way.
 Many of the techniques that we have to use for characterizing graphene can be destructive.
 but obviously there's quite a lot of interest in
 once we've made
 large-scale samples, how to put those into an application and analyze the quality without
 destroying those
 So there's several pieces of inspection equipment which have now been transferred over to Viserion Korea.
 and two of the previous ongoing projects were then completed
 during that phase as well, between 2015 and 2020.
 obviously the
 discussions with
 Hanwha Taekwini have taken many months
 during 2020
 and I'll go through what's been happening since then.
 So on to the next slide.
 our story didn't
 didn't start there.
 we date back to around
 2017 where Neil
 first went out to
 japan and korea as part of a megatech trade mission that was a uk ti led uh led mission
 and that was where we first met Matt Walker
 part of DIT, Department of International
 trade and then in the subsequent
 years in June and September
 2018
 Neil again
 visited career
 we're also involved in a
 Innovate UK Global Business Innovation Program, GBIP,
 focused on advanced materials
 And again, that led to new collaborations and partnerships in South Korea.
 in October 2018
 we appointed
 it's
 Rachel Kim as our Korean representative
 who's still with the business
 and in those
 years leading up to the
 the first discussions myself and matt walker again since he joined the business we we visited to to
 again build networks build collaborations and and that was all supported by rachel kim
 so probably
 June last year
 was the time
 where we started
 and we heard about the opportunity to acquire the graphene business from Hanwha Techwind.
 So obviously there were several months there of discussions, assessing the IP, due diligence and negotiations, all with COVID going on in the background.
 and then it was
 It wasn't until December 2020 that we finally acquired the assets and the IP from Hanwell Aerospace.
 so that was a busy year last year
 and this acquisition
 as we presented before
 this this covers more than 100 patents across 29 different families with protection in many
 parts of the world and that's
 covering everything from the process equipment, recipes and graphene growth recipe,
 manufacturing methods
 obviously before we even start the
 graphene growth we need to use
 a metal substrate
 and also those substrates
 depending on their cleanliness
 and the quality
 and the size of the metallic crystals, that really affects the graphene growth.
 So there's lots of know-how and IP based on what we do to that metal before it even goes in the furnace, before we even switch on the machines.
 once we actually make the
 single layer graphene
 lots of things you can do after the process because naturally once it's exposed to the environment
 it's picked up certain molecules
 it can have
 what we call doping, so it can be
 p-doped or n-doped and that might then affect the the final application that you're trying to develop
 So there's lots of things post-treatment wise. You can add certain chemicals to the graphene surface to get electrons to either move, move into graphene or move out of graphene so that you can you can start from a clean platform.
 obviously we're growing on a metal
 and that had
 the graphene if you want to make a semiconductor device that has to be transferred so one of the
 key processes
 is looking at how we can get rid of that metal
 and so there's a range of both wet chemical processes and also dry processes
 to get the graphene from the copper or metal onto the substrate of your choice,
 whether that's plastic,
 that's glass
 or could even be a textile substrate.
 lots of
 IP there was also on that metal
 removal and that's the chemical process
 And also looking at end electronic devices and so several application IP there that we can we can look to harness.
 So moving on to the next slide
 this is really the story of the last year
 So month by month, once we did that acquisition last December, the first few months were looking for a new facility for all of the equipment and looking for strategic partners out in South Korea.
 so that took about three months
 We were searching different provinces in South Korea, looking and making sure that we fit in with all of the local environmental policies.
 policies and
 yeah three
 months later and following
 strategic
 investment from Graphing Lab
 in Korea, we moved
 into a new facility
 in May
 And I'll go on to the next slide where that's based in May was the month where the big move happened, moving everything from Hanwha to the new Viserian career premises.
 and then subsequent months
 june july fitting out the labs installing commissioning equipment repairing some parts
 hiring new staff
 so we've had new technical
 and business development staff
 joined the company
 and they've moved
 across from Hanwha Tekwin.
 So they've got all of that know-how and expertise that was critical to continuing the business.
 in August and September
 We were involved in a Korean news program, YTN, one of the one of the most famous news channels.
 And that was with myself and Matt Walker taking part from the UK.
 and then probably and quicker than I'd expected we were producing first samples by October so
 first quite good quality single layer graphene samples and then obviously we've needed to
 continue optimising and improve that process, not just the graphene growth, but the transfer
 processes as well
 So I visited beginning of November for around 10 days, and that was a great opportunity to meet the new staff to look at what progress has been made.
 meets graphene lab
 Obviously, as our strategic partner, we want to have a very good relationship, very strong collaboration.
 and also had the opportunity
 to go and visit
 several lacquer
 institutes meets other commercial partners that we that we want to work
 with and also sign some collaboration agreements. While I was there we also
 installed a class 1000 cleanroom and that basically means we have a very low
 number of particles of dust
 and contamination in the rim.
 So that will enable us to provide even even high quality graphing materials.
 And then end of November, we've even seen our first sales of CVD graphene materials.
 So that's that's a huge step. And now we're looking to really create high quality data sheets that we can supply to the market and provide samples to both academic and commercial partners.
 so here's a map of south korea um so the orange point is is our new location so we're in the
 Gyeonggi province, that's just south of
 the center of
 Seoul we're
 about one
 hour south of Gangnam.
 We're about one and a half hours from
 Incheon Airport and about 30 minutes south of where Hanwha Tekwin were formerly based.
 So that's in a city called Songnam.
 So it's quite a convenient location, good for getting around Korea and, as I say, travelling to and from the city centre or out-of-lying areas, quite a lot of areas around.
 And we're based in a place called Hwasong, Hwasongxi, and there's lots of other kind of industrial cities around that area.
 So it's a very good location and probably one hour in the south, a city called Daejeon.
 And many, many large companies and academic institutes are based in that city as well.
 So we're quite well placed at the moment.
 So a couple of pictures of the building.
 you may have seen some of these before
 and
 some photos here
 we've posted some of these on Twitter
 Unfortunately I can't have videos for you today
 But you may have seen me posting some images and videos of machinery being moved from a basement level building up and onto onto these large vehicles.
 and also another
 piece of kit that required
 actually shutting down one of the highways
 in
 South Korea
 was the installation of the scrubber.
 So that's that's a piece of equipment which sits outside the building, which is taking all of the extracts from our processing, cleaning it and then emitting cleaner, cleaner air.
 So plenty going on.
 here's a few snapshots from our
 YTN TV news channel
 with myself as I said
 due to COVID we weren't able to travel at that time
 that we were able to film.
 and this is Mr. Kwon
 who's the CTO
 of Graphene Lab
 and we have quite
 quite frequent get togethers to again,
 and discuss collaborations and discuss what the future holds.
 here's a few pictures of the of the clean rooms so I mentioned we've we've
 recently had a class 1000 room installed so the the square room in the
 background we probably won't show you inside that but that's where the graphene is being synthesized
 And that's where we do some of the other processes called lamination, transfer and stacking.
 the rest of the room is hosting
 quite a lot of chemical
 testing and graphene
 characterization
 So measuring electronic properties, measuring things like the environmental tolerance of the graphene that's produced.
 there's a room in the back
 which I'll show a picture of in a second
 which is another characterisation suite
 and off the page to the right hand side we actually have a a wet chemical etching system system so
 as I mentioned, there's
 two routes to
 to remove copper from the process
 and that can be through a chemical dissolution.
 and so there's different systems here for doing on a batch on the left-hand side is a batch scale
 and on the right-hand side is doing more roll-to-roll processing
 So you can do much larger, larger scale, higher throughput.
 But here's a final snapshot of the of the characterization lab.
 So not everything here, but just you can see a Raman spectrometer on the left.
 We have a scanning electron microscope in the center, and that has other x-ray characterization capabilities for elemental analysis and things like that.
 So, yeah, very well tooled up now with tools which also can help support activities in the UK
 because there's equipment there that we don't have in the UK.
 Here are some of the first
 samples that we've actually sold
 so a customer
 wanting
 four inch squares
 of graphene
 on different substrates
 so we're actually
 we've
 supplied it with
 what we call a thermal release film.
 So this this means you can transfer the graphene from that copper using a thermal release tape.
 And so it's a dry process, doesn't involve any chemistry.
 but what we also do
 So we're growing the graphene as a single atomic, single layer of atoms.
 but then we can actually stack this up and we do that stacking these layers one by one
 because for certain applications, you might need a lower sheet resistance.
 So you want something that has a bit more conductivity and obviously steel is optically transparent.
 So we have a lot of expertise in not just the growth, but also this stacking and transfer process, which is crucial to many of the applications being developed.
 So that's me in the lab
 with one of our
 technical guys and
 again, one of
 on the right-hand side,
 signing a collaboration agreement
 with one of our partners,
 SD Lab
 and
 And so that, again, is possibly more focused for the UK business, but would involve technology from Viserion Korea.
 so Estee Lab are
 developing novel
 antimicrobial devices and coatings that all sit nicely
 alongside our existing technology developed with Nanomat.
 so that should be a good collaboration
 And there's further potential there to work on different kinds of sensor to detect antimicrobial species, which will go alongside some of some of their intended products.
 so that's really exciting
 and
 I think one of the questions
 on the
 on the channel was
 you know
 Is Korea just going to be focusing on CVD graphene?
 And the answer is no, definitely not, because obviously we want to further establish and push what we're doing in the UK out into into Asia.
 so although
 So predominantly, the focus will be on manufacturing CVD graphene for sale.
 we need to develop further academic and commercial opportunities
 and also we can now support those CVD activities in the UK, Europe and the US
 and where, you know, other parts where Viserion already has a footprint.
 of course
 key
 key to this
 is forming
 that strong
 relationship with
 Graphene Lab who are
 strategic investor
 and with
 them we're looking to develop commercial
 sensors and other
 optoelectronic devices and also work alongside potentially some national
 projects that are key to South
 career
 but yeah
 absolutely
 looking
 uh
 to
 to further extend the nano platelets and other products that we're producing in
 the UK,
 Nanin,
 GMP HP materials
 the GP500
 which is
 material produced
 from the Spanish assets
 that Neil's
 talked about
 Hexa team
 is still
 being
 produced and we're looking
 to develop new applications
 with the hexagonal boron nitride.
 the graphics
 again
 a lot of
 scale-up going on in Long Hope at the moment
 And I call them GNA expert nanomats materials, which are quite a wide portfolio at the moment.
 And then, of course, the product Semantine, Polygreen, Graphene.
 And we're hoping to push these out into South Korea as soon as we can.
 So I think that's it for me.
 Neil I'll pass back
 to yourself
 to
 the finish up.
 Yeah, just going back to that last slide, actually, Steve, we've already started those conversations with our standard range of products and processes.
 So, you know, that's something that we're continuing to brief our people on.
 The last slide of the presentation is really about our environmental statement, which is, you know, we believe that Viserion is in a unique position to deliver, you know, substantial environmental gains by using the key technologies that we've developed.
 If we look at concrete, we know that we could reduce the environmental impact by up to 30%,
 30%, which is obviously very topical at the moment.
 That's not the only thing that this area could affect.
 like light weighting in the automotive and aerospace applications, and Steve's team still
 continue to work on the
 the European graphene
 flagship project
 where we're looking at key components for the aerospace industry
 We've changed the way they do things, a really disruptive technology.
 but we're also looking at
 advanced building materials, we're looking at
 recycling, bioplastics
 and so pretty much everything that we're involved in including energy has been
 that someone talked about in in the questions and answers that have been going on at the moment
 They all have a massive impact in the way that, you know, the environment is currently being, you know, looked at.
 So very topical.
 that concludes the kind of presentation
 but we've got some questions here
 and be interesting
 to go through
 some of the questions.
 that's great
 Now, let me just give you a small pause so you can break between the Q&A.
 So thank you to you all for your presentation, ladies and gentlemen.
 And please do continue to submit your questions using the Q&A tab on the right-hand corner of your screen.
 But just wanted the guys to take a few moments to review the investor questions submitted during today's meeting.
 I'd like to remind you that the recording of this presentation
 along with a copy of the slides and the published Q&A
 It can be accessed via your dashboard on the InvestorMeet company platform.
 I'd also like to remind you that your feedback will be important to the company
 and immediately after this presentation's ended,
 or be redirected
 in order that you can provide the company with your thoughts, views and expectations.
 Neil, not a lot of time to look at those questions, but I guess you've had a bit of time throughout the presentation.
 if I may
 Can I just hand back to you to read out the questions where you think it's appropriate to give responses to?
 and obviously as you previously mentioned that the Q&A that was pre-submitted
 obviously you'll have a chance to review that
 and put some responses to that as well.
 So if I may just hand back to you just to read out the questions, that'd be great.
 Thank you very much, Mark.
 We've tried to answer as many of the pre-submitted ones as we can as we go through the presentation.
 but what we'll do
 We'll do our best to answer all of those.
 There were a few questions about gross margin and about, you know, forward looking statements and stuff like that.
 And that's not really our job in this presentation.
 and what those kind of things will be covered by certain research notes.
 So, you know, we can look forward to getting some coverage there and that should answer some of those questions.
 Steve
 Mike had a specific question about the South Korean facility and whether, you know, that's currently set up to do samples or, you know, does it need to be scaled up?
 My kind of response would be we're always in the process of scaling up.
 There's always a need to get bigger to look at more available markets.
 but what's your view, Steve?
 you know
 it's very
 application
 dependent
 so if
 you are wanting to go into the
 display market
 you obviously need to make graphene as big as possible
 and as high throughput as possible.
 however there's tons of applications
 If you want to make a sensor, you can make thousands of sensors with just like one centimeter square of material.
 So, yeah, it really depends on application, but we have everything in place to be able to make graphene useful in a range of applications.
 we will obviously need to work with other partners
 we need to find other
 because we will not be able to do everything
 we will not be able to make a final product
 And also, for example, working on things like biosensing, we need to work with some other partners that actually have some of that expertise that they can bring to us.
 And so, yeah, we've got everything we need to develop prototypes and other, yeah, for a number of different applications.
 I don't know if you want anything else there, Neil.
 No, that's fine, tech, Steve.
 hopefully that's
 answered your
 question, Mike. Ken asked about initiatives in the field of batteries. Well, obviously,
 that's covered by our European subsidiary, Nanomat, where we have a majority stake.
 They're looking at using the graphenes that we produce, and that's how we came to know about the Spanish assets.
 and then
 functionalizing those
 and modifying those graphene materials suitable for supercapacitors and battery materials.
 and they've been involved in quite a few projects now but they're still as I said at the time of
 acquisition at a very early stage
 but obviously
 that's a big market to be involved in
 and one that we look forward to seeing quite a lot of progress in.
 So, yes, we are involved in the field of energy, I would say, and that's going to become more relevant as the environmental factors change.
 in terms of
 kind of
 specifics around
 where the CVD was sold.
 Well, we're not going to tell you that, unfortunately,
 because that will let our competitors know exactly where to go hunting.
 but Jane asked
 you know
 Was that supplied into Sadgarin?
 and I believe it was
 the flag into South Korea.
 You know, what we see is that we're using the global footprint so that the materials that we're producing in the UK, we can sell those in South Korea and vice versa.
 So the materials that are produced in South Korea, we can then start to sell those in the U.K.
 Steve said
 you know
 there's something
 constraints around that in terms of
 this isn't a massive factory
 but it is enough
 to be able to satisfy our demands at the moment.
 We're not looking at substantial amounts of capital equipment in the new year either.
 You know, I wouldn't discount the need if it if it was driven by a commercial decision.
 But as it stands at the moment, we've scaled up our main primary processes and now it's time to look for the commercial draw that's needed there.
 So let's get all that equipment commissioned and set up and then produce the sales from that equipment before we look too far.
 There was a question, a pre-Semitic question, actually, which is quite interesting, which is, you know, do you see, you know, what's your business model around the production of graphene?
 And I kind of think that at the moment we would look towards following both.
 So we wouldn't discount centralized giga type factories, but we also wouldn't discount a distributed model where it makes sense.
 So, for instance, if you've got a concrete manufacturer, then it makes sense to have a graphene manufacturing plant very close to that to cut the logistics of the environmental impact of producing graphene to the very minimal it can be.
 Martin's just asked a question now about the green mark, and I think, yes, we have talked about that.
 we've not
 wanted it yet
 But it would be would be part of our environmental push to look at the green mark and other environmental changes and accreditations.
 Paul Denny
 who is working on a lot of our G-scale projects is our head of sustainability and that's part of his
 his role to look at our sustainability policies
 and to make sure that we're minimising the impact not only of our factories
 but also working with our customers to minimize the CO2 impact of their processes as well.
 There was a question about why Samsung and Hanwha relinquished the patents and equipment.
 Well, you'll have seen that roughly 24 million pounds was, or $24 million, I think it was, Steve,
 was actually put into the business
 through national projects and investment.
 the
 business of
 Tequin was sold to Hanwha
 and that included the graphene assets as part of a corporate deal in South Korea
 And then subsequently, Hanwha are not in the business of developing graphene.
 So, you know, we had the opportunity to buy those assets and to take on that development for them.
 You know, so that's kind of my understanding.
 but you're never quite sure in these corporate transactions
 is, you know, what the main driver is.
 There's lots of questions coming in now.
 So there's some technical financial questions, which we'll refer to after the meeting.
 and there's some questions about
 super dry, I hope I answered some of those
 we're not going to get graphene into every product
 unfortunately because there are price points
 and the kind of benefit analysis that needs to be done.
 But we are working with SuperDrop on a large number of projects.
 well I consider it to be a large number of projects
 is definitely challenging for the team
 as it stands at the moment, and they cover
 a wide variety of different products.
 So obviously we can't say too much because that's a commercial engagement and that's
 being key to our development in the textile industry the super dry not the
 many people that we're working with.
 We are working with a number of other people that we've talked about already.
 We're not going to talk about our competitors
 What our competitors do is up to them.
 We're focused on what the Syrians do.
 We have a very strong strategy. Really looking forward to Diane joining us as the new chairperson in January.
 She comes from a background of taking a business very similar to ours in terms of its size through to a main exchange listing and being involved in that whole scale up.
 So I've worked with Diane and known Diane for a while.
 I like the way that she works.
 So, you know, she's very challenging as a chairperson.
 she's very good at corporate governance
 relationships and her experience but um you know for the good of the company but um also you know
 learning from some of the mistakes and um and uh looking and reflecting on how we can do things
 within the company much better.
 and Diane is very good at that.
 She comes from an operational background where the business has to scale very quickly.
 And I think that that experience will be absolutely key to us.
 There's lots of questions about forward-looking statements and things like that.
 We can't answer those, unfortunately, but we will, as I said before, take those up with, you know, various bits of research that we're doing.
 I'm trying to look at the questions
 as I'm talking as well
 I think also worth
 pointing out that a lot of these technical
 questions maybe there's answers in our previous
 presentation given
 last month on this
 platform. Yeah, exactly
 Exactly, Steve.
 and
 um,
 And, you know, this is a quarterly update.
 It's very close to the previous one because the previous one was rescheduled.
 and we hope to have another one of these in the next kind of three months
 so that we can keep our shareholders up to date with what's happening.
 and that's also an opportunity for you to ask as many questions as you can.
 can. Just looking through if there's anything
 here do we have any Brian looks like he's been busy in the US which is true
 We've got a number of good opportunities in the U.S.
 have you got plans for a manufacturing
 base
 well that will come
 on the back of commercial success if it's relevant.
 so that's one that we're keeping
 You know, what's our eye on at the moment?
 but we're quite able to supply that from the UK.
 did the series of
 monographies
 that went into, there's actually seven kilometers of the A1M.
 yes we did
 that was in the public domain
 Any news on the university trials in terms of textiles?
 yes
 myself
 Uh,
 and Bobby
 sat through a presentation a few weeks
 ago about the test results. Very, very good news as far as I'm concerned. That is forming the basis
 of not only the GrapheneWare website,
 but also, which Bobby's working on at the moment,
 but also a white paper,
 which I'm hoping Steve will be working on as well.
 so
 how far are we
 away from
 We need to make any decisions.
 We're, at the moment, demonstrating our technology to a range of customers,
 so that's not a decision that we need to make
 in the immediate future
 God, there's lots of questions here now
 I wish I'd asked him a little bit earlier.
 do we have
 sufficient production capacity. I think I mentioned
 that earlier as it stands at the moment yes
 we've got plenty of capacity for what we have currently planned although we don't
 And we're constantly monitoring that.
 Large companies, they take a long time, unfortunately, to move and sometimes it's much better to
 look at smaller ones. We've got a question here. This is one for you, Chris. How much
 of the loan is due in 2024.
 I think, you know, it's a scheduled payment that goes on for what we would classify as a relatively soft loan.
 yeah I think
 I think we said
 back when we issued the R&S.
 we gave the details of that which was its repayable quarterly over three years
 and that's the capital
 we're already paying interest on
 this as well
 so
 yeah
 What was in the R&S?
 there's a question here
 from Andy.
 Did you enjoy Puzzle X
 and the panel you were on?
 yes I did enjoy Puzzle X
 it gave me a great opportunity to sit down
 with Jose Antonio
 who came as part of the Spanish assets, and Roberto to talk about our plans for Syria and Europe.
 we're kind of hedging
 our bets over Brexit when we set
 for Syria and Europe, but
 I'm pleased to say that Jose Antonio
 is now part of our team
 and I wanted him when we were first talking to the guys in Spain,
 So that's a great result for the company.
 he's also part of our business development team
 So someone asked, you know, do we have an international footprint?
 Well, we have guys in South Korea, we have people in Europe, and we have people in the UK.
 obviously Brian out in the US as well
 Do we have any thoughts about future takeovers?
 well that's always an interesting thing
 We always keep an eye out on what's happening.
 We're monitoring the competitive environment in which we work.
 We've seen a lot of people fall by the wayside.
 we've seen some new entrants
 and we keep our eye
 and we support as many people as possible.
 The reason that we support them is that it's very important for the industry to have options.
 You know, if you have a monopoly, it's very, very difficult for large companies to actually build a competitive supply chain.
 So, you know, I actually look forward to having good competitors in the market because it drives development and it keeps everybody honest.
 and there we have
 a situation where we're seeing consolidation
 in the market.
 So, yeah, we do keep an eye out on all of our competitors, and I'm sure that there'll be opportunities in the future.
 We also look for acquisitions, as we've always stated,
 where they can advance the adoption of our technology.
 So looking for people both behind us in terms of our supply chain, but also in front of us.
 So that's an activity that keeps both myself and Chris busy.
 unfortunately you have to kiss
 There's no adage that you have to kiss a lot of frogs
 until you find a prince.
 Well, acquisitions, there's no truer statement, unfortunately.
 Okay.
 Crikey, I'm kind of running out of steam here.
 uh
 there's a
 there's a question mark
 about how advanced
 the commissioning of the new 100 tonal equipment is.
 So that's advancing well.
 the mechanical side of the first machine is now complete and as I said earlier
 We're looking at the control systems because it came from Europe.
 are compliant with the UK
 and we're in the process
 of making some minor changes to the control system there to accommodate that in terms of
 in terms of communication
 We're trying to communicate as much as we can.
 unfortunately
 Myself, Chris and Steve are actively involved in the business as well.
 So that limits the amount of communication sometimes we can do.
 We work quite long hours, but we try to keep the businesses or the shareholders as informed as possible through every channel we can.
 so that includes podcast that includes uh social media where we have a very tight policy and um
 And also events like this.
 So we do like doing events with shareholders.
 they can get to see the business
 and hold the directors accountable.
 So, as far as I'm concerned, that's an important thing for us to do.
 Good. I think that's just about us, Mark.
 I'm looking at any of the questions that we may be able to answer.
 Some of these we may have to answer after the meeting, unfortunately,
 But we'll do our best to answer every question we can
 That's absolutely no problem at all, Neil.
 and thank you very much indeed to all those investors
 that have taken the time to submit questions today.
 Neil, I'll shortly redirect investors to provide you with their thoughts and expectations
 and give you their feedback.
 but I guess before doing so
 If you've got a few last words, that'd be great.
 and then I'll redirect everybody.
 Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, the first thing is thank you for all your support.
 thank you for all your questions and um you know i guess it uh it falls on the motor team to wish you
 the very best of season's greetings.
 it's been a very
 trying time for anybody that's been
 involved in business over the last two years
 But we've seen a huge amount of progress in the business, not least the production capacity, but also from Steve's team on the technical side.
 I'd like to thank all of our employees who have gone the extra mile in some very, very difficult conditions.
 and I'd also like to thank
 the directors for all of their
 efforts as well and so
 So that's all for me, Mark.
 That's great.
 Neil, Chris, Steve, thank you once again for updating investors this evening.
 could I please ask investors not to close this session
 as I'll now automatically redirect you
 for the opportunity to provide your feedback
 in order that the management team
 can really better understand
 your views and expectations.
 this will only take a few moments to complete
 but I'm sure we'll be warmly welcomed by the company.
 on behalf of the management team of Viserion PLC
 we'd like to thank you for attending today's presentation
 That now concludes today's session, and good evening to you all.