 Thank you, good day everybody, thanks for joining us for the results call, our year end and
 and obviously final quarter results.
 As always, I'll move through the investor presentation,
 calling out the page numbers as I move through.
 And I'm going to start on page three, which just has some
 of the highlights for the year.
 And I think, most importantly, obviously, we return to profitability overall following
 the impact of COVID last year, so I'm pleased to say that we did get back to profitability,
 other highlights, the packaging and spatiality segment, achieved record profitability. Obviously,
 justifying the recent years' investments in that segment.
 and we are excited about the prospects going forward.
 DP, dissolving pulp was strong.
 Price is good, market demand strong, and we were fully sold out.
 graphics recovered, a little bit slower in the early part of the year in Europe but subsequently
 picking up there. So relative to pre-COVID levels, getting back to encouraging levels. And I'll talk a
 a little bit more about that on the quarter one.
 On the other side, obviously, in recent times,
 we've seen the rise of costs coming through.
 But initially, it was pulp, but more recently came energy
 and that negatively impacted margins.
 And we'll talk more about that.
 And then the other challenge we faced, and it's not unique to CEPI or even our industry,
 but the ongoing global supply chain challenges.
 And once again, we'll talk about that some more.
 liquidity improved significantly during the year.
 Obviously, from our leverage, from the worst points in COVID,
 we continue to improve and the balance sheet is looking stronger and once again we'll cover
 that in a little bit more detail.
 Moving to slide four which is specifically on the quarter itself excellent performance from our North American business
 that was broad-based across all the segments and the business was able to achieve the highest
 the highest quarterly results in, I think, more than 20 years.
 So very, very slow by that.
 DP, very strong, good prices, and that contributed to improved profitability in the segment.
 The packaging continued to be good.
 a little bit down on the prior quarter,
 but that was a combination of the higher costs
 mainly in Europe coming through and remember we did have the impact of in
 in South Africa of the unrest, which we did share with you in the last quarter, obviously
 are at our together, and we make packaging there.
 So that impacted volumes there.
 Graphics now have reached 86% of pre-COVID levels.
 for 2019, which is probably better than we could have hoped for a year ago.
 And we'll cover that specifically in the regions.
 But that's enabled us, certainly in the U.S., to pull our machines and Europe things of
 significantly improved. That the one challenge that we did have obviously was
 the supply chain challenges. And we talked about this at the end of the last quarter.
 Unfortunately, it's meant that we had 100,000 tonnes which we were not able to deliver during the quarter.
 Now, that's obviously sitting in inventory first, but what I should say is that those
 These are contractual volumes.
 They were not, they're not going into the marketplace,
 of contractual volumes and the price those have been sold the price is linked to the
 the prior quarter pricing.
 And although we've lost the benefit in these quarterly numbers
 Can we show you that?
 That's a . . .
 a $30 million benefit.
 That is just a timing difference.
 that will be sold in future quarters.
 The shipping challenges that we faced, and we talked about this in our last quarterly
 call and we gave you guidance at that point in time for what we felt the
 volumes would be for this quarter. What we found subsequent to that guidance was that
 the situation deteriorated in Durban specifically.
 We started to see cancellation of vessels, which we had booked our deliveries on.
 And vessels, which we thought were going to be coming,
 would divert it away from the dub and pork
 because of the significant backlog.
 And I'll remind you that just prior to that result from
 announcement, we did have the IT outage at TransNet, which impacted on the port. So,
 You know, I do concede that we missed our guidance
 that point in time, but I want to point out that was our best estimate, and the situation
 subsequently got much worse.
 Having said all of that, we are more encouraged where we are today.
 And it does look like more vessels are now
 coming back to the Durban port.
 We've had proactive discussions with the big global shipping lines, and we are more
 encourage which is indicating that maybe the worst of is behind us and it's gonna
 to take some time, clearly, to catch up the backlog that we have that 100,000 tons in
 earnings guidance that we've given you, we've assumed that there will not be the
 would be a catch-up, but we will be able to sell the production that we are making because
 of the improved situation.
 And in time, as I say, we are encouraged
 by the improving situation.
 situation.
 Moving to slide five just an earnings bridge for the year and yeah, I guess most of these things we've talked about but
 Obviously cells volumes generally up on the prior year, but DP impacted by the backlog
 that I've just been spending time on.
 Pricing, improving across all our segments.
 Costs going up.
 initially purchased pulp, as we've indicated.
 delivery costs rising, and then we've grouped together,
 energy, wood and chemicals. Within that, energy and chemicals up, but we did see lower wood
 cost offsetting some of that. But I will talk a little bit more about energy in a future
 slide. Moving to slide six, just the product contribution
 split and we thought it would be useful to show you the evolution from 16 to 21 both
 on profitability and volumes, and, you know, we continue to make progress. We're reducing
 our exposure to graphics, it's now down to 54, and I would expect that to continue to
 come down.
 Packaging, obviously ramping up.
 and will continue to increase, and obviously from a profitability perspective, packaging
 the biggest segment for the DP. Obviously over the years we've had a number of smaller
 projects and going forward we'll have the new expansion volumes coming through.
 slide 7 shows you the margins by segment, product segment, and graphics continues to
 recover and is looking more favorable as we move forward.
 packaging, good margins lower than the prior quarter.
 But that is predominantly because of the higher costs that came through in Europe.
 And I'll remind you that those are periodically priced contracts in the packaging space.
 We did put through a series of selling price increases.
 But then the cost rose once again.
 And we are now implementing, or we have been implementing,
 for the price increases to offset the higher cost.
 and then dissolving pulp, recovery of margins,
 very encouraging lower volumes because of the backlog.
 Slide eight.
 has the leverage ratio on the debt side,
 continuing to come down and then we would expect that to continue in the year ahead as our
 earnings to improve and we generate more cash and therefore the absolute debt levels will
 continue to come down.
 Slide nine tells a great story are we managed to refinance our bonds during the year a
 a securitization also, and we have a very favorable near term
 profile and we don't have any major debt maturing so feeling good about that.
 On the slide 10, moving to CAPEX, our guidance for the year ahead is 395 million.
 That includes $30 million for the psychorexpansion project.
 that overrun that we talked about in the last quarter.
 So that, if you back that out, the CAPEX for the year is 365,
 included in, and we did disclose this in the earnings announcement,
 included in that is firstly sustainability project of about 75 million as you know we've
 committed to reducing our carbon footprint and reducing, well, reducing our carbon emissions
 than proving our environmental footprint.
 just to quote some of the projects that are contributing to that 75 million. The first
 Larger one is at Cycor.
 We are looking to eliminate all our use of the calcium
 and move that across to magnesium.
 So that consumes some of the kfx.
 We have other smaller initiatives in Guadalupe that will continue to improve our environmental
 footprint and then in Europe, as you know, there is legislation, very strict legislation
 to improve carbon emissions.
 We have a number of initiatives, and specifically,
 at Gratcorn, Kutnimi, and Maastricht to improve.
 Grat corn and cooked neemee moving from coal to biomass and marsh trekk we're
 moving to an e-boiler there as well.
 So that is going to help us.
 And that, you know, will enable us to get closer to our legislative targets and our science-based
 targets that we've committed to.
 On top of that, we included in our capex
 is what we called cost optimization and quality
 improvement project.
 We have a project at Angudwana to improve our quality.
 As you know, we have a great container board business there and we need to continue to
 ...
 invest
 The sound of the pranks is cutting.
 Apologies I'm told that the sound keeps cutting out. I'm not sure why so I will should I talk slower
 what?
 OK.
 I've just received feedback that the sound is cutting out. I'm not sure why but I'll carry on
 regardless, and then if we need further clarification on the questions, we'll take them as they
 they come.
 included in the cost optimization initiatives, as I mentioned, there's a quality improvement
 project at Guaduana.
 And then we have a series of smaller cost initiatives.
 One that we believe will give us very quick paybacks.
 two, three years, that makes sense, which will help us move down the cost curve.
 and in train shop position. We also had some IT initiatives. We're rolling out a new mill
 production operating system as well.
 that in that number.
 Moving to slide 11, as I talked earlier, one of the challenges we've faced is with shipping
 And we could have put in many slides that could demonstrate that.
 This one is from Cintelligence.
 It's on reliability of the ocean freight.
 And you can see it's dropped dramatically
 since COVID.
 and actually during the quarter that we've just been in,
 as I talked about, it actually declined further.
 What I will say is that we are seeing spot rates for freight
 now starting to come down.
 So there are positive signs, which I talked about earlier.
 So we are feeling a little bit more encouraged
 about the situation for our deliveries.
 Slide 12 has the paper pulp prices, and there's a few, there's a few numbers there reflected
 with both we've got the European pop prices which you can see still remain elevated and
 And as you know, we're a big pop buyer in Europe.
 we buy a close to 800,000 tons.
 So that does continue to infect our business.
 However, in China, we have seen pop prices across the board
 decline.
 That's partially linked to the energy capacity constraints
 that the Chinese government has placed on Chinese industries.
 And that has had an impact.
 It's happy not benefiting from that at the moment because obviously European prices still
 will remain high.
 Moving to slide 13.
 in recent weeks.
 And.
 And in the last month or two, we've seen a big surge in natural gas prices and energy
 prices across the board in Europe.
 You saw the big surgeon, you can see it in the graph, subsequently declining, but as
 As we look at our energy costs for Q1, we are estimating that the cost, the impact of
 all of this, mainly in Europe, but it's not just Europe, but mainly in Europe, is about
 $70 million in absolute terms.
 However, we have implemented, and this
 is public knowledge.
 have implemented an energy surcharge in Europe of 100 euros a ton to offset that impact.
 It was announced two or three weeks back.
 It is an old delivery subsequent in the last couple of weeks.
 And that has been successful for us.
 It has not had an impact on the demand for our paper,
 But it has offset the impact of those higher costs that I've
 just referred to. And therefore, we do not believe that in our Q1
 earnings, that we will have a margin squeezed
 because of the higher energy costs.
 we've been able to offset that.
 And we are encouraged by the way that it has unfolded,
 and the way we've been able to implement the higher,
 or the surcharge. Obviously at the same time we continued to announce selling price increases
 as well.
 Moving to slide 15, and that is on our product segments, firstly dissolving pulp, price is
 still strong during the quarter, remained above a thousand,
 Come back a little bit in recent weeks.
 linked to the energy constraint placed in China, and the fact that Viscose producers
 had to reduce their operations.
 So there was less demand for dissolving pulp.
 But generally, the market is good.
 obviously our segment impacted by the backlog that are referred to viscose
 price, this cost price is dropped during the quarter, but what we've seen since that
 energy so charged, or that energy constraint has been put in place, is that this goes
 prices actually have dropped, have increased quite significantly.
 significantly.
 We're also going to have the additional volumes coming through from our expansion project.
 We have all but complete that project.
 Most of the equipment has been handed over now to the mill.
 The last step is the boiler itself.
 The team are doing their final tests and that will be completed in the next week or two
 And then we'll be ready to operate and ramp up from that point.
 So it's good to get that behind us.
 And obviously, we're going to see the benefit of the volumes
 coming through as we move through the year.
 In terms of longer term, we are encouraged by the dissolving
 called markets.
 There is additional capacity coming on board,
 but we believe that the demand is more than enough
 to offset that.
 Strategically, we, as we look forward,
 We anticipate that our level of contracting will come down a little bit, down to 72%.
 that we are confident of being able to place that into the Chinese and other spot markets.
 Slide 16 has the dissolving pulp indicators, strong recovery and retail textile demand
 and you can see that flowing through. The graph on the right just shows you what I was talking
 about earlier.
 D.P.
 coming down, but now a big surge in viscose prices.
 So that we believe will be positive for DP prices
 moving forward.
 The packaging segment on slide 17, great year,
 record profitability, margins good, very strong demand in North America and
 South Africa, Europe, a little bit more mixed.
 But as the European economy has recovered,
 We're starting to see a more broad-based recovery.
 Obviously profitability, as I indicated, impacted in the quarter
 by the higher cost, but that's so charged
 that I referred to earlier was across all our paper grade,
 So it was equally applicable to our packaging business,
 and packaging and specialties in Europe.
 By the 18 has the
 North American SPS market and we thought that would be useful you could see the
 that the impact through COVID you did see a lowering of production subsequent
 recovery, shipments continued to be pretty strong and we've seen significantly rising
 selling prices obviously to offset the higher costs that are coming through there but markets
 good markets are tight.
 slide 19
 Is graphics, and that's...
 And I think we'll see how it works.
 Okay.
 So, that's my final point.
 And I think it's fair to say that the recovery in graphics
 has exceeded our expectations.
 And if you look at the market overall,
 88% of pre-COVID levels.
 And if you think about that, that's over a two-year period.
 I don't think any of us could have anticipated
 that it could have got back to 88.
 But within SAPI, our coaching would be
 is even better than that.
 and we've been able to gain market share.
 Overall, volumes in the segment reached 86% in Q4.
 And as I say, profitability impacted by cost.
 but we have been implementing selling price increases to offset that impact.
 by 20 just shows you the respective markets in U.S. and Europe and the recovery in volumes.
 So we're feeling encouraged because both markets now are tight and in balance and that will
 enable us to implement the selling price increases that we've announced to offset higher costs.
 Turning to the regions Europe and much of this I've said, so I'm not going to repeat but early part of the year impacted by volumes
 volumes, volume subsequently recovering, coated wood free for us is 99% of 2019.
 So you can see that demonstrates the tightness of the market that are referred to, and why
 if we are more encouraged as we move forward.
 forward.
 Costs rising, but we have been implementing selling price increases North America fantastic year cross the board
 Highest quarterly earnings in more than 20 years.
 all the segments full, our machines are full, margins good, improving, we're feeling very
 good about our North American business. Yes, we've got higher costs, but we've been able
 to implement higher selling prices to offset that.
 And South Africa, we're also very encouraged.
 Yes, we have challenges.
 But DP markets still remain strong.
 Our paper business is good.
 container boat specifically, strong demand, and we are
 encouraged that we can the the situation with the backlog and I'm gonna
 remind you again that that margin is not lost it's just delayed from the that they
 they always spoke.
 On slide 24, our cash management, tremendous work done across the year, refinancing our
 bonds, improving the liquidity situation, and that will continue to come down in the
 year ahead as our profits grow.
 So the leverage ratio will continue to decline.
 I've spent time already on and on the procurement side some nice savings there and we will continue
 to look for opportunities.
 By 25, I don't intend spending a lot of time on because we've talked about it previously,
 our, the four pillars of our strategy, we will continue to look for opportunities to
 grow in the higher margin segment, we are going to reduce our exposure to graphics as
 as we move forward.
 But we are going to redirect that towards packaging
 grades and there were opportunities to do that in Europe and in the US.
 financial health, I've spent time on it. It's improved significantly. Our job continues
 to be to drive operationally excellence and we'll look for opportunities to save on the
 procurement side, those cost-optimization numbers that are referred to earlier on
 on Kepix, that's what that's all about.
 It's about driving operationally excellent.
 lowering of down the cost curve and generating for the savings as we move forward and then
 Enhancing Trust. We're very excited about the work that we're doing to reduce our environmental
 footprint. We've committed to science-based targets and I'll talk a little bit more about
 that in a slide ahead.
 as we move forward.
 July 26th has our, just summarizes what I'm saying, 22, sorry, the financial year 22 for
 the reduction in debt, get that profitability back up again, continue to look for opportunities.
 We're not going to commit to any big projects to increase our exposure yet, but we continue
 to evaluate opportunities and we think there's lots of exciting opportunities in the packaging
 space.
 5.27, we rolled out a new, with our 5.25 strategy, we rolled out a new sustainability strategy
 and that's across the group and is embedded in everything that we're doing and what we've
 done in the next couple of slides. It's just, it's a scorecard that we keep in
 internally, we've set ourselves targets, which I'm not going to talk through all of
 them, but just to highlight a couple briefly, and I'm on slide 28. Firstly, safety, which
 obviously comes first for SAPI.
 We missed our targets for the year,
 But underneath that, some great work
 being done.
 South Africa, where traditionally we've had our most biggest challenges, we recorded
 further improvement and in fact we got a record best-ever performance.
 The U.S. in the final quarter had zero injuries, so very pleased with that.
 The reason we missed our target is in Europe, a couple of mills did not achieve their targets
 And that's something that we're focusing on and will continue to spend a lot of time
 so that we can continue to improve.
 Another highlight for us is our achievement as a level one contributor in terms of broad-based
 black economic empowerment. A lot of great work being done there across the
 board and you know whether it's from procurement or it's from an employee
 perspective, lots of good work that went behind that to achieve the level one level.
 Obviously we missed our return on capital employed targets, we've set ourselves, that's
 from the back of the lower profitability from COVID.
 But as we move forward, we believe we will continue to make improvement.
 On slide 29, a number of targets there.
 I
 To improve our environmental footprint the one we did miss out on slightly was our water usage
 But that was impacted by the civil unrest.
 And the co-commissioning that we have to do ahead of the going
 live with the Cycor expansion. But we did achieve our targets across emissions and land
 info, and biodiversity.
 So very, very pleased with the progress there.
 So turning to the outlook, then.
 Pitch.
 Dp strong, albeit that there is some short-term pressure in the Chinese market linked to the
 energy constraints, but hopefully that will start to be over and then we'll benefit from
 the higher viscose prices that are coming through.
 packaging good, strong demand. Graphics now has recovered strongly. The markets are back
 and balance. We've been able to put through selling price increases that the energy so
 charge that I talked about. Logistics problems, hopefully over the worst. We do have the,
 Um, someone said call mill outage during the quarter.
 That's been done now, it's behind us,
 But it does have a $22 million impact.
 It's a cold shot, so it's more than prior years.
 But it's.
 It's good now that that's behind us.
 and the mill is operating back up to full capacity there.
 So all in all, we're feeling good about the quarter ahead.
 there and we anticipate further improvement in EBITDA relative to the numbers we've just
 report it to you. Operator, that's me completed. I'm going to hand it back to you for questions.
 apologies if there was breaking up as I was talking but hopefully most of that came
 across and I hand it to you for questions.
 Thank you very much, sir.
 ladies and gentlemen at the stormy pilaf house christian
 You're welcome to press star and then 1 on your touchstone phone or the keypad on your screen.
 If you decided to withdraw your question, you're welcome to restore them too to exit
 the question queue.
 If you have three-minded, if you like to ask a question, you want to press star and then
 one.
 The first question is for you.
 Do you have a question?
 question comes from Brian Morgan of Army Morgan Stanley.
 100,000 tons of DWP that's sitting in inventory at the moment.
 I get that it's all contractual sales and that's fine, I understand what that means.
 in terms of what do you think your customers have done
 to mitigate not having the volumes of that.
 Do you think they've grown down on their inventories?
 have they hit the spot market
 to get those tons, or they're just taking reduced operating rates.
 And then when that tonnage does eventually come to the market, first of all, when do
 do you think it could come?
 Is it a December call to issue?
 Is it a March court issue and what impact do you think that that might have on the market
 at that point, given that it is quite a big chunk of global supply, if it does come on
 all in one go.
 Okay, um, do you want to give me the other two questions or do you want me to if you do with that one then
 and then go from there.
 All right, I'll let Mohammed elaborate a little bit further,
 but it's actually a combination of all those things.
 their inventory levels have dropped significantly.
 They did slow operating rates down a little bit
 And they did have to go into them.
 They did have to go into markets to get some of the additional
 volumes.
 In terms of when will it come back, I don't think there's going to be any meaningful improvement
 in the current quarter in terms of catching up with the backlog.
 We do feel that we can sell the current production volumes, but in terms of reducing the back
 look, we don't anticipate any meaningful improvement. There could be some but not anything materially.
 So we would expect that to be spread over the next couple
 quarters.
 You know, this logistical problem is a worldwide phenomenon.
 So it's not going to be solved overnight.
 So it's going to progressively improve.
 I remind you once again that we do get the, it is contracted, and we do get the lag pricing.
 So that's not lost contribution.
 In terms of that suddenly coming onto the market,
 It is contractual.
 So, you know, it's not gonna suddenly,
 It's not going to suddenly flood the market.
 The markets are very tight.
 Customers are pushing hard for volumes.
 Maybe not the Chinese customers.
 You've got it.
 You've got to separate the Chinese market
 from the rest of the market.
 And outside of China, markets are extremely tight.
 and everybody wants more volume.
 The DP price that you see quoted is obviously
 the Chinese price.
 And that's linked to this energy issue at the moment in China.
 Ultimately, when we do catch up with those volumes,
 They will be sold to our contractual customers.
 along with our current years production.
 Can I ask, then, on the energy surcharge, et cetera, we saw about a 50-year return price
 increase from RISC now for November. I assume that the price index that we look at doesn't
 have the surcharge back into it, is that right?
 I think so, but Mark would just come from that.
 Yeah, there's a separation between market prices and this exceptional and temporary energy
 research are.
 market prices would not include that surcharge.
 Okay, so so in our modeling we should just build an extra hundred euros a ton into our prices
 Are you achieving that across your full graphic paper slate or only a portion of it?
 Yeah.
 Sorry Steve, go ahead.
 Uh, go ahead, Michael. Go ahead.
 No, that's across the entirety of our portfolio.
 and also the entirety of the geographical destinations.
 And then you spoke about demand elasticity, or you're afraid to demand elasticity, and
 We did see, and back in 2018, we did see these epic falls in volumes as a result of price
 increases.
 You're not concerned about that this time, are you?
 Marco, let me just start with that and then I'll feed to you.
 do. Just one clarification, Brian, on the first one. Remember, the surcharge was only
 implemented towards the end of October so it's not the full volumes quarters it's
 It's not the fuel quarterly volumes, okay?
 OK.
 Yeah, got it.
 We do anticipate it will offset that absolute increase in energy costs that I referred to.
 I think that's important to point out.
 Marco can elaborate further, but just from my perspective,
 we've seen no impact on demand for our product
 in the short term.
 It's very difficult to project what
 that might mean in the longer term.
 And I guess there is a risk that significant rises
 in selling prices could have a certain demand for product in the long term, but at the moment
 Demand is strong and markets are tight.
 Mark, I don't know if you want to add to that.
 Yeah, maybe very shortly, Steve.
 there is indeed there is a tightness in the market right now which is which is
 It's partly probably speculative, or at least driven by very long lead times and the disturbance
 on supply chains.
 underlying we feel that at the advertising market off to the
 at the end of the lockdowns in Europe has come back
 stronger than what we anticipated.
 So, there's certainly a healthy underlying demand,
 but there is an additional speculative element
 to your question on what it will longer term do
 to the demand for print media.
 It's difficult to say right now, we're early days, we're calculating in our models with
 the natural substitution rate, as we've seen it before, where there is a leakage towards
 online and digital media that will most likely continue, but there is certainly a residual
 market that currently seems to be very resilient.
 I'm sorry, can I ask just a follow-up question on that, if I may?
 What extent do you think we might be seen over-ordering by customers?
 Is that a risk or not?
 Brian, we're not seeing that.
 there's been a resurgence and and clearly there was a bit of backlog because of the COVID and and and
 and the dampened demand at that point in time, but as that Marko has indicated, advertising
 is bounced back very strongly along with the rest of the economy.
 So as things currently stand, our orders are very strong.
 And yeah, there's a little bit of.
 There's a little bit of, yeah, maybe, you know,
 There's maybe a bit of excess demand.
 But we are encouraged as we look out on our order book
 over the next few months.
 OK, cool.
 Thanks, guys.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Sean Ungara of Chronix Research.
 You're off doing guys. Thanks. And just a question in terms of the comments around the markets being tight. So I mean
 He's just sort of unpacked that, tying it into the sort of commercial downtime taken
 in the quarter, as well as I think there was a new payment on one of the current mechanical
 machine in Europe.
 I think that would be part of it.
 Obviously, capacities come out.
 There was a curtailment that took place.
 during the difficult periods, so that that would have an impact.
 But once again, just repeat what I said just now.
 If we look forward and the underlying demand at the moment, it is strong.
 A lot of capacity came out of the marketplace, so with volumes of market demand recovering,
 you can see the numbers, close to 90% of 2019 levels.
 That is a very healthy recovery when you take into account all the capacity that's coming
 Let's come out of the market, please.
 Okay, great.
 And then just going back to DWP specifically on how we think about volumes and how you're
 going to run the machines this year.
 So I mean if you look at whatever the final number for FY21 was in terms of pure DWP,
 Your mind-building has sort of bridged for us
 I should think about 22, because obviously 21,
 had oxygen impact in all the donor, you've obviously had 40,000 tons of impact from the
 the cycle expansion, and then I think, obviously,
 $100K an hour, and I think it was probably about 20,000 tons in Q3 that was split between
 US and SA. If you look at the expansion that is up and running now, so that will obviously
 add positively to volumes and then I don't know what sort of impact there will be from
 and there's a calcium, magnesium-long conversion.
 So maybe you can just pull the simplistic bridge
 I mean, obviously, there's a lot of noise on doing a bridge because obviously you had
 the oxygen outage in the early part of the year.
 And then you had the riots and all that stuff.
 So if I could approach it from the other side, from a capacity perspective, and if you look
 Look at the mouse. Obviously, you have Nguiduana, which is a 250K mouse.
 Cycor, pre the expansion, 780,000 tons.
 And then you have Cloquet, which is swing.
 But it's quite a high proportion of the mill.
 and you know you'll appreciate I can't give you the exact number because you know
 We have to buy pulp and so on and so forth
 for our paper business, but a high proportion
 of our CLO-KML will be focused on DP.
 I think it's more than 75% on DP.
 On top of that, you have the expansion.
 Obviously, it starts now or in the next week or so.
 in the next couple of weeks. It doesn't all come on board immediately. There's a progressive
 ramp up so you you have to you have to it is a hundred and a hundred and ten
 10,000 tons in total, but you're going to have to progressively increase that.
 It's difficult to give you an exact number,
 But Alex, perhaps about half of that
 over the course of the year, conservatively?
 Steve, mind being free.
 What I call the issues we had plus the additional capacity, we probably in the region of 100,000
 tons more.
 Yep.
 Yeah.
 But that includes other challenges.
 Yeah, I'm coming at it from the other side.
 And then obviously you've got the 100,000 tons of backlog as I've indicated to you that
 that will catch up progressively as we move through the course of the year. It's hard
 to say no, all of it will be eliminated by September next year, but I do think we can
 make a substantial dent by the end of the year.
 of the year.
 Okay, guys.
 Thanks.
 I mean, is there any expected impact from the tossing
 may be in my conclusion.
 No, no, no.
 Roger.
 No, we don't anticipate any meaning, any significant impact, no.
 Okay. Okay, great. And just sort of think about the year of eight now.
 So, maybe you could just remind us in terms of planned maintenance of our quarters across
 Can we drive what?
 Do you mind just running through the plan to maintenance for DWP lines this year?
 Yeah, just sorry for the clear line of sight on that.
 Yeah.
 The D.
 PWP annual shots.
 Yeah.
 Just give us a sec because we want to pull out the schedule.
 Just give me one second.
 No worries.
 And Alex will jump in as well
 I'm
 Yeah, this is just the first quarter.
 Alex, I don't have the full year in front of me, but, okay, so cycle's planned for when, Alex?
 April, April May.
 April, May, and Angadwana is third quarter.
 Yeah.
 So, angle one, a third quarter, psychosecond quarter, and Cloquet, Mike?
 Caucasian April.
 April.
 Yep.
 Okay.
 Great, thanks. It's really useful for us.
 And then, so just going back to graph paper and, I think, Barnum's script.
 Yeah.
 the numbers I've given you in terms of capacity takes into account those
 shot.
 Yes, of course. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, great. And so you're going about to grab your paper. I mean
 I think maybe you just sort of update on your sort of, I guess, medium term, long term assumptions
 or if that's changed at all, specifically in Europe.
 Europe. I think we're pretty comfortable with North America at this stage.
 So you just broke up at the start of your question, in which segment was that?
 in terms of your underlying demand assumptions in Europe.
 Europe.
 In terms of structural decline, has that changed at all?
 What is that sort of number that's putting us?
 based on our initial, our initial thoughts on this,
 was that COVID would cause a haircut of about 20%.
 And then we were going to subsequently resume a 5%
 roughly decline.
 things have subsequently transpired to be better than that and you and you had the numbers
 for market numbers are actually 90.
 A little bit of that, yes, maybe a catch up in terms of demand, but in terms of the way
 we are looking forward. We are presuming that the five to six percent decline will resume
 as we go through 22 and beyond.
 But what I will say is that if you look at operating rates certainly in the U.S., they're
 they're theoretically 100%.
 And now, even in Europe, with the capacity that's
 come out.
 are now healthy and in the 90s as well.
 Perfect. Thanks.
 and then see just two more quick ones,
 Just in terms of the opportunities around self-specialty packaging in Europe, it looks
 like previous volume growth suggested in one of the slides and then you obviously alluded
 to the US now as well, maybe you could expand a little bit more next.
 It looks like it's a bit of paperboard in the US.
 and perhaps if they're more container-bordered
 where that's coming out of the Europe way side.
 Yeah, I mean let's take each of the regions. First in the US, obviously now we're substantially
 full now and on our Somerset machine that we converted. We look for optimization opportunities
 and hopefully being able to improve margins further.
 But essentially, that machine is pulled.
 There's a little bit of opportunity on the other machine at Somerset, and our clock
 came out, but it's not.
 It's not big capacities.
 In Europe, obviously, we've got some opportunities
 and I'll let Marco talk further.
 but we have to, we do have opportunities, obviously,
 Maastricht, first and foremost, because we've talked about that.
 But what Marco and the team are doing is looking for opportunities to redirect some of the
 capacity on our graphics machines to certain packaging
 grades and speciality grades that would not involve a lot of
 skeptics. And Mark, very briefly maybe you just want to give examples. Obviously, Engin
 is one of them, but you maybe just want to briefly talk about that.
 Yeah, thanks Steve. Apart from the full specialty meals, it is indeed so that we're looking
 at ways to create hybrid mills, and that is Maastricht that Steve already spoke about,
 for the container board grades that we have there,
 we have there, which is taking more and more capacity out of the A&M graphic portfolio.
 And recently we have announced to the market as well our commercial plans for further label
 paper production in Groutcorn, which looks very promising indeed.
 Okay, great. Thanks very much, guys.
 The name Glenn, just in terms of, I think, sort of working capital Q1, I think historically
 It's been about $1,800 after that.
 how are we thinking about that?
 And then I guess just to follow into that final question,
 I mean, when should we sort of seek ethics
 dropping off in the years to come, because I think at least
 from my perspective, you know, sort of hoping to see it coming a bit lower this year. And
 That's it.
 Great.
 Yeah, just in terms of quarter one year. You're right. That is a cash-out flow
 It will be a bit more than that just because of the timing of our year end, a quarter-end
 rather, which is going to be the second of January.
 So we'll have some more creditors' payments in there.
 but you're in the ballpark there.
 Overall, you're talking about the CAPEX.
 So we've given the guidance, as far as this year is concerned,
 We'll provide guidance later in terms of after that.
 But the focus, and I'll come back to what Steve said earlier,
 is initially to get the balance sheet stronger
 and get the gearing lower.
 maybe just to maybe just to add to the Kepix. Obviously we've got our maintenance
 And then, clearly, over the next few years, there are going to be sustainability in the
 investments that we have to make both from a legislative point of view and to achieve
 of our environmental targets that we've set ourselves.
 You can see that that number in the current year is 80.
 The other initiatives, you know, so if you're talking maintenance just under the 200, you
 You add in the environmental stuff.
 we're getting to about 280.
 The rest to get you up to the 360 that are referred to is discretionary, and some of its
 linked to those smaller cost initiatives that I've referred to, some of it's linked
 Marco talked about doing stuff at Grag corn and onion and various other mouths.
 These are not big projects.
 They're small projects, but they're discretionary.
 So if we look beyond 22, we haven't committed to any big
 projects we monitor the situation and then we make a decision whether it makes
 change to invest.
 and based on how events are unfolding
 And based on our positive outlook for 22,
 we felt that we could spend a little bit on these cost
 initiatives and that's why we added it to the CAPEX and we'll monitor beyond 22 but
 But at the moment, we haven't committed to anything beyond that.
 Okay, thanks very much Steve. I'm glad to hear you are fully shuttling it.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Wade Napier of Evio Capital Markets.
 Hi guys, thanks for the call this afternoon. Just a couple of questions from my side.
 This is the first one for Glen on the balance sheet.
 I appreciate the sort of leverage ratio is coming down
 as you're starting to sort of move past the worst of the impacts
 of COVID and some of those very low EBITDA numbers.
 How do you think about the balance sheet
 in terms of absolute net debt levels,
 and when you would potentially start thinking
 about more discretionary capital or the dividend resumption
 I mean, do you sort of have a number in mind or are we sort of thinking below net debt to
 but I'll still have below two times something along those lines.
 A second question from me is really in South Africa and load shedding.
 Do you have that sort of impact?
 If you can just remind us what is the relationship with S-Com as luck and whether you have seen
 impact there and then maybe a final question from me on the North American
 business. I think congratulations is an order there. I think it was a fantastic
 result. But, I mean, one of the downside risks to North America, because it sounds largely
 positive for the time being.
 I mean, you and I both know that North America is not a 20% margin business.
 I mean, how do you sort of think about this North American performance out of the next
 12 months or so.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thanks for the questions.
 Glenn will talk about the absolute debt level targets
 and on our leverage level.
 I'm going to hand to Alex, who can share our strategy
 around load shading across our molds.
 And then I'll briefly talk about, not the makeup,
 but I'm gonna hand over to Mike
 just to talk about some of those downside risks.
 Good.
 Thanks.
 head for that. Our focus is more on the leverage ratio as opposed to the absolute number and
 that long-term target of getting towards the two-times net debt
 overdise over the cycle because of the fact that we're in a cyclical business, so it will
 go above, slightly below, and move around that.
 but our focus is to have it over the cycle,
 get closer to the two-times net data evidence.
 So we don't, it's less of a focus on the absolute number
 and more of a focus on the leverage target.
 Thanks, Glenn.
 Alex, no chatting.
 Thanks Steve.
 And as you aware, we've got generation capacity at our three largest modes in South Africa.
 So we are...
 able to manage this with ESCOM. We haven't had a significant impact, but when it comes
 to the crunch what we do is we prioritize and we do the load shedding at the moles where
 we have the lowest margin, in this case, Stanger and Lumarty.
 And that enables us, you know, Alex will tell you that,
 You know, a good wine is long.
 So we're OK.
 And the cycle is a bit short.
 But we prioritise psychor to the detriment of our less profitable mouth.
 and we would sell this into the grid from Angaduano.
 Correct.
 And then on North America, business is in a good place and operating rates are very healthy.
 you had close to a hundred percent so that that that shoot even with a decline in
 graphic paper, which we've already talked about five, six percent over the next couple
 you. Even at those levels, operating rates should continue to be healthy. But I'll hand
 it over to Mike just to talk about some of the what he sees as downside risks and how
 we're upsetting those.
 Cheers to you. Thanks.
 I guess from my perspective, you're asking for, you know, a bit of an opinion here, you know,
 Obviously things have been strong, the machines are full at this point.
 The risk, as I see them, are really focused around the logistics, particularly how it
 impacts our graphics business with imports, you know, if the, you know, international
 logistic issues were quickly resolved,
 that could potentially weigh on graphics with imports.
 Some other concerns would be around variable cost inflation continuing at extreme rates
 in potentially impacting materials
 or additional logistics costs.
 So I think those are the concerns as I see them right now in North America.
 OK.
 Wait, does that help?
 Okay, yeah, that's great.
 Thanks guys.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, just to remind you, if you have a question, you are welcome to
 restore and then one.
 The next question comes from James Twyman of Pristian Securities.
 Thank you very much. You've talked about Europe quite a bit.
 On the round, taking everything that you've said in terms of price increases and the surcharge,
 It sort of implies you're saying that you should be breaking even or starting to make
 some money this quarter. I just wanted to check whether if these surcharge increases
 have come through, whether that is the case. Second, I just wanted to ask, in terms of
 the psycho-impact of the expansion, whether there's a positive impact, probably not in
 Thank you.
 Yes.
 Sorry, James. I'm not sure if your sound is coming through clear to the speakers.
 Yes, it's fine, it's fine.
 Please go ahead, pardon the due, sir, the interruption.
 So with Cycle, what sort of impact do you think they'll be because obviously when you
 ramp it up.
 impact on the rest of the plant.
 So when should we start expecting a bit of a profitable impact?
 And then my third question was,
 lensing's bringing its capacity on in sort of Q2.
 that capacity will either offset some of your production or it will be sold into the
 spot market, hopefully by you maybe, but could you just talk around what the impact you see
 of that capacity when it comes on because it'll come on in lumps, it may not be all
 right away, but it'll come on in some fairly chunky lumps. So that was it from me, thanks.
 Yes, okay, just just coming back to Europe the your first question that the third charge
 bear in mind the surcharge is to offset the energy costs. And you've heard from us that
 that we're confident that it will do that.
 Obviously, other prices have been rising
 over the course of the year.
 and our team have been announcing and implementing selling price increases. It will offset that
 impact.
 So, what I will say to you is that the market is tight at the moment and that's why we're
 more confident about being able to execute on selling out price increases. If we get them through,
 through, then the margin deterioration that you have with experience over the last year
 can begin to recover.
 When exactly that will be, that's difficult to pinpoint, but we are more optimistic about the outlook.
 The psychor expansion, I think you asked me when does the
 the profits from the cycle expansion start to flow? Is that right, Jim?
 Uh, yes.
 Because you've obviously got disruptions that come along as well and these things don't always stop perfectly
 No, no, sure. There's the ramp up and that's why we were conservative about the ramp up
 Clearly, once we get the quality, and we're confident that we will get the quality pelt
 through, there is a process of ramping up and ultimately as that volume flows, it will
 contribute to the bottom line.
 Steve, if I may add, I think you will ramp up from now, the end of this month to February
 in terms of the additional volume.
 Then we have the calcium to magnesium conversion, which
 tool just in Alpes on our cost position.
 Yes. Yeah, we got a question earlier that would affect volumes, but it won't affect volumes,
 that will improve our cost position.
 And that's very important.
 and it improves our environmental footprint.
 That's obviously why, you know, that was part of the business case.
 In terms of lensing, you saw a slide earlier where we talked about where we expect our
 contractual volumes to go, and we have indicated 72 percent overall contractual volumes.
 we're not we're not concerned about that volume coming on to the market and we're confident that
 that we will be able to place that tons elsewhere.
 Okay, so in conclusion, on Europe, it sounds as though you probably won't be back to break
 even this quarter, but hopefully next quarter. And in terms of the cycle expansion, hopefully
 Profit Q3.
 James, when you said break even, what line are you looking at?
 much EBIT, EBIT level.
 Look, obviously, we're focusing on EBITDA.
 You know, I can't get too specific.
 You'll appreciate it, right?
 But what we're saying is that the energy surcharge will
 offset the energy, higher energy cost, we're saying that.
 Secondly, we're saying that the markets the tighter and therefore we are growing in confidence in our ability to
 execute on the selling price increases that we've already announced, which will help offset
 the margin of erosion we've experienced in the last year.
 Great, thank you very much. Thank you and in just in terms of the lensing thing
 so you will be selling less to lensing but you'll be selling more on the spot
 market.
 Did you anticipate helping lensing sell its volumes, Tim?
 James, I can't get too specific, this is our customer.
 So all I'm going to say to you is
 that we're gonna reduce our contractual volumes to 72.
 We, we're happy with that.
 And we're confident about being able to place the rest of the volumes into a spot market.
 Yep, that's clear. Thank you very much. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 This question comes from Mikhail Dupil of UBS.
 Thank you. Good afternoon everybody. I'd like to start off by asking a question around the DWP markets
 if you could just talk a bit about the current dynamics you see there overall in that market
 right now, I mean, how are the WSF prices trending as we sit here today, what are the
 inventory levels there, you know, where are the DWP prices as of today and so on and so
 forth.
 I'm going to let Mohamed elaborate a little bit further, but broadly speaking, global
 markets are great. China, a little bit tougher, obviously impacted by this energy constraint
 And it's meant that viscose producers are not
 able to operate at full capacity.
 and that is lower their demand.
 I'll let Mohammed go into more detail.
 Thank you Steve. Just specifically in terms of China as a result of the energy constraints
 And what we have seen is the operating rates for VSF in China came down to around 50 percent.
 that in turn resulted in lower VSF inventories and lifted the VSF prices. Over the last
 week or two, there has been some easing of the energy
 constraint and what we have seen as a result of that, the operating rates have now lifted
 a little bit more, going from about 50% to 60%, and the inventory levels are still staying
 staying down around the 20-22 days versus the 30-day level that it was at before the
 the energy constraints were imposed.
 I think with the V-S-F industry at the moment,
 You also have a market inside of China and outside of China, outside of China.
 And as you know, we have a big position with bias of dissolving
 pop outside of China.
 their markets are very, very tough, very, very strong.
 So you're seeing very, very high operating rates.
 You're seeing a very, very strong demand.
 And a big part of that is being driven by the fact
 that a lot of the retailers are also
 shifting now their demand from China to places like India, to Indonesia, Thailand, and then
 Again, there's a big demand coming through from Turkey, which is placing a high demand
 for fiber from European producers of viscose.
 And so outside of China, outside of China very strong inside of China right now somewhat
 restricted by the energy constraints as well as the logistics issues.
 Thanks Mohammed. Michael, over to you.
 Thank you.
 And just to-
 follow up on that, I guess, on the DWP pricing.
 mentioned the 940 I think in the release in October just to remind us I mean what was
 the average price in October and in September, and where is the current spot price?
 And through the quarter, the results we announced, it was above $1,000 a ton throughout the quarter.
 saw a healthy price, did come down for the reasons that Mohammed described. And I think
 today's CCF is 938.
 That's correct.
 So it's still at the nine.
 basically the 9.48 is today's price.
 But, you know, this cost prices are obviously high, and if those operating rates in China
 could-
 and continue to pick up.
 then we, that could be good for DWP prices.
 Right, but the VSS prices haven't yet started to increase again, I guess.
 Oh, they have.
 Significantly, two months ago, go ahead, Mohammed.
 Yeah.
 The prices did go up by over, I think, 20%.
 And from the time the energy constraints were imposed,
 went up to about in terms of renon B levels to about 14,400.
 It has started to come off a little bit in the last couple of days as the operating rates
 have picked up, but at the same time I would add, you know, you've got cotton prices still
 moving upwards.
 You've got oil prices driving the polyester prices upwards.
 And you haven't, I think, seen the impact of those higher
 prices flowing into the VSA prices. But it's a lot higher than what it was in September
 and early october
 Right, right, right, no, okay, that's, that's,
 that's forever just looking for that most recent price moment.
 Good, then just switching gears a bit to the European
 coated fine paper marketing particle now we
 we have seen quite significant price increases across,
 You could say publication paper grades in Europe both in October and November to look at the at the spot prices
 provided by, for example, we see.
 Well, look at the coast, it's fine in particular, though,
 I think the improvement have been much more slower there
 on that side.
 I was wondering what's the reason for that and what are your expectations for the price
 gains towards the end of this year and into 2022. I appreciate your surcharges, but that's
 I guess a separate topic.
 Yeah, I'll let Mohamed and Marco talk in more detail, but obviously we've been going through
 announcing a series of price increases. I think when you were comparing, I think
 Were you comparing it to coated mechanical paper
 when you were talking coding would be there,
 because you said it was less than...
 Yeah, for example, I said publication papers, basically, comparing to magazine papers in
 and you spin with your up double digits, yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'll let Marco talk further, but what we did see is even more capacity coming out of the
 the publication paper space, and those prices did pick up faster, but we have been implementing
 further price increases on the Caulty Wood Freed Front. Marco, you want to just talk about that?
 Yeah, just one addition to that, Steve, is that we started earlier on the wood-free
 So if you take the longer period, call it the last 6 to 9 months, you will end up relatively
 similar levels. The first mechanical-coded price increase was half a year, and as Steve
 rightly said, the market has become very tight after the capacity closure announcements,
 So there have been a substantial additional increase has followed, but over the longer
 Your term, Michael, the increases are pretty similar.
 We just started earlier with wood-recoded or later if you want with mechanical.
 Yeah, that's a fair point.
 going forward, I mean, have you announced further price increases towards the end of
 the year or the early 2072 for any of your your grades yeah there there has
 There's been further announcements during this quarter, but also as Steve already alluded,
 markets where they are and the need for margin improvement or the stop for further deterioration
 there will be further increases, yes.
 Great. That's very helpful. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 We have a follow-up question from Brian Morgan of R&B Morgan Stanley.
 Just two more things if I may, do you have updated guidance on the calcium conversion
 in terms of what that does to unit costs.
 that's the one question and the other question is
 give us an update on your discussions around that diamond
 Somerset that we spoke about a couple of months ago.
 Okay, specifically on the calcium conversion and the lowering of the cost, we haven't made
 those numbers public yet but you know when we complete the project we'll
 will give an indication maybe just to remind you what it means as we can
 recover both the chemicals and the energy on those volumes rather than having to put that
 out to waste.
 waste. And then on the second one, Mike, do you want to just talk about that issue of
 of the damage, I'ma sit.
 Sure, Steve, as far as the dam is owned by another entity,
 and they're in the process of re-permitting that.
 They have restarted that process.
 We have received written commitments
 by the local authorities and the governor supporting the operation and the continued,
 You know, the continued support to have that dam in place.
 That process...
 of the permitting could be up to another year.
 We don't see that as an issue.
 and it's something we're monitoring at this point.
 Okay, cool. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 They decide to change from just a final reminder, if that asks a question, you're welcome to
 with star and then 1.
 The next follow-up comes from James Twyman of Prisian Securities.
 Yeah, thank you. I know, I know we'll be running sort of time but just two quick ones from
 me. Firstly, the 20% growth in packaging volumes this year is obviously very high. Could you
 sort of give some idea of the split between the divisions, whether it's higher in South
 Africa and the US and less in Europe. And secondly, the US price prices are obviously
 high now. I don't know whether imports are starting to pick up now, but is there a potential
 for further rising prices or do you think that's pretty much done now? And that was it
 for me, thanks.
 On the packaging growth, it was mainly in the US, as you would expect.
 That was where most of the volumes came through.
 Obviously, in South Africa, we've got our capacity and we're limited by our capacity
 that we have in that space.
 So it was mainly in the US.
 James on the second one, I lost you again on the, which one was the setting price increases?
 Yeah, just in the US, obviously, you've achieved a lot.
 Whether...
 There's the potential for more increases or what do you think you've pretty much done
 there now.
 Look, I think that's gonna it's gonna be guided by our costs our costs obviously you heard from Mike earlier
 That's one of the things that we have to offset that impact.
 And we will continue to do that.
 So if costs continue to rise, we need to address that.
 We are encouraged, obviously, because the markets are tight.
 So we'll monitor the situation as we move forward.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay operator, I think that's time up so I just want to take the opportunity to thank everybody
 for joining us on the call today and look forward to discussing our results at the end
 of Q1 in three months' time.
 Thank you.