 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CD Project Group Financial Results
 for H1 2021 conference call.
 Today's call is being recorded.
 At this time I turn the conference over to Adam Kaczynski.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much.
 Good evening.
 Welcome to the teleconference dedicated to CETA project groups
 earnings of the first half of 2021.
 Today, as usual, I'll be running this call together
 with Kirsten Lubovic and Mikhail Nabokovsky.
 The webcasts of the presentation along with the audio feed are also streamed on our corporate
 website cdproject.com and on our IR YouTube channel.
 Let's start off with this one.
 when a 77 franchise and a summary of what we've accomplished so far with regard to supporting
 the game.
 In the first half of the year, we are focused on supporting cyberbanks by rolling out successive
 improvements.
 So far, four patches and three hot-fixes have been delivered.
 We recently released patch 1.3.
 also included additional free content
 to SDLT. With each update, we address multiple performance and stability issues, improving
 the overall gameplay experience for players.
 Restoring cyberpunk 2077 to the digital station storefront in the second half of June was an important milestone for us
 We're enforcing our confidence in our plans to improve the game.
 And in terms of support, work on cyberpunk will continue for as long as it's necessary.
 Our ultimate goal is to deliver on the promise we gave to gamers and regain their trust.
 We are fully committed to ensuring that cyberpunk lives up to its full potential and becomes
 along them success.
 At the same time, we are focused on the development of the next-gen version of the game, which
 That brings me to slide number 4.
 carbon date for the release of the next gen update is late 2021.
 Please note, however, that SDM is still in development,
 products and plans might be subject to change.
 the next generation, it's an important step
 on our advantage in the type of plant here it goes.
 As I said before, we strongly believe in the long-term potential of this IP.
 That's why we are currently working on the first expansion for the game.
 although I can't say anything more about it at this point in time.
 Now, let's move on to the Witcher franchise.
 Please move on to the next slide.
 lots.
 The two most significant events related to the future universe took place after the
 those of the reporting period.
 In July, together with Netflix, we co-organized the first ever edition of The Ucce Com, the
 a two-day virtual event for funds of the Wichita universe.
 This event attracted great community attention
 and was streamed by a number of key inflow masters.
 the WitcherCon, apart from interviews and panels attended by the project creators as well as
 the Witcher series staff and cast members,
 We announced that the base edition of the Witcher 3 World Hunt along with its next generation
 You will.
 That's all.
 regardless of the platform, contains some extra content inspired by Netflix series.
 As with Cyberpunk 2077, our target date for the release of the next version of the Witcher
 speed while time is late when in 21. Let's move on to slide 8. The Witcher Moth is
 layer. A mobile location based, they are developed and published by our daughter company Spoco,
 was launched on the 21st of July.
 We are very satisfied with how the game has been reviewed and rated by gamers.
 faking currently stand at 4.5 on Astor and 4.1 on Google Play.
 you are users, as well as experts,
 to, among others, strong focus on storytelling and the game's immersive nature driven by
 We are in process of collecting and analyzing data, in-game stuff, and feedback from gamers,
 And we have ambition plans for the coming quotas.
 The plan...
 We plan to roll out new content including new adventure seasons monsters and
 Now, let's move to slide 9.
 In July, following the signing of the takeover agreement, digital escapes formally became
 and members of the project family.
 the studio was subsequently rebranded as to the project with Vancouver.
 The Canadian studio has itself an ambition to go to triple in size by the end of the
 calendar year with a target in size of approximately 40 people.
 It will focus on supporting third-project efforts related to technology and gameplay
 programming for the studio core IPs.
 Let's move to the final slide of this part of the presentation.
 It's probably 11.
 in accordance with our promise to climbers,
 we intend to keep improving cyberpunk for, as I said,
 as long as it takes.
 Meanwhile, we do not lose sight on the bigger picture.
 we want to develop other products based on our franchises
 and to keep growing our core business.
 Right now, 160 people are working on the size expansions for cyberpines, while nearly 70
 more are involved in other unannounced projects.
 That's all from me for now.
 Let's move on to slide 12.
 Piotr.
 floor is yours.
 The profit and loss account for the first half of this year.
 So this year, our revenue is from sales of products,
 reached 367 million zlotys, and were 54% higher than a year ago,
 while 2020 has been our best age one in years.
 the first half of this year was even better.
 Though we saw lower sales of the Witcher franchise this year, which is natural and expected.
 Cyberpunk 2077 has more than made up for this decrease.
 CP was the most important source of revenue this year and most of the sales came from
 digital channels.
 As you may remember, at the end of 2020,
 we booked some provisions mainly for settlements
 of our physical distributors.
 You, this year, we were adjusting and utilizing them.
 We've analyzed the situation, and possible settlement,
 and subcontracts with our distributors
 and have decided to decrease part of our unused case provisions
 by nearly 40 million, which boosted our product sales revenues.
 and at the same time, we did increase our cost provisions
 related to cooperation with CP distributors
 by 40 millions, which boosted our cost of product salt.
 these two changes were effectively neutral
 with regard to the gross margin.
 However, they reflect our updated estimation
 future settlements of contracts with our distributors.
 There is also one more important new element in the cost of products and services sold
 line.
 During the first half of last year, it included mostly the depreciation of the Witcher 3
 transmission, ground and trunk breaker.
 This year, it also includes depreciation of cyberpines and the amount of 34 million zlotys,
 Hence, nearly 88 million slotted total value of cost of products and services sold.
 The revenues from sales of goods and materials, we reported a decrease by 20%.
 GOG sales of goods and materials stayed at the same level as last year, although there's
 not a good visibly strong directness to the dollar, while it to the product right to the
 line decrease. That says of relatively low-margin physical goods and materials on the way to
 the cyberpunk queen.
 This here.
 it's back to normal in this respect.
 hence lower sales and cost of goods and materials sold at the project.
 All in all, our total sales revenues for this year reached 470 million zloty and were 29%
 above the sales of the first half of 2020.
 Our gross profit from sales is 308 million Lotte,
 which is one-fifth more than a year ago.
 Moving to the operating costs.
 Our selling costs increased this year to 131 million slots.
 being driven by the cyberpunk servicing cost.
 A large number of our developers and testers were working on updates and patches to the
 Thank you.
 You're alone.
 cost allocated to cyberpunk servicing reached nearly 48 million slotted.
 Then it costs also increased versus last year.
 Among others, we included in this position some of the early project research phase
 in the amount of 11 million zlotys and also at 10 million zlotys increase in cost of
 of our incentive program compared to a year ago.
 Our financial activity presents a negative outcome due to the negative effects differences
 and missing interest on deposits due to the low interest rates.
 and our affected income tax rate was around 9%.
 This is slightly above the level of last year
 when it was just below 9%.
 All you know, our next video will be in the next video.
 Thank you for watching.
 profit for the first half of this year reached one hundred and five millions
 28% less than a year ago.
 As GOG passed its negative results,
 Results, 109 units left in that profit was generated back to the prior plan.
 perspective let's go to the next slide number 13 of each of the four bars
 to represent revenues for the first six months of each of the presented years.
 From these revenues, we covered our costs and expenses, marked great, and earned our net
 That's profit.
 Thank you.
 However, this year, our cost structure was different than a year before.
 Please go to the next slide.
 presents CP Service Ignusts.
 This is our commitment to gamers, but also, I believe, an extensive inquiry in nature.
 The yellow slice represents the depreciation of Cp, something natural after the release,
 yet nonexistent last year, and of a non-monetary nature this year.
 the red part, these are the early practice research
 of the next classes, mostly of Q1.
 And finally, the dark gray part on top represents adjustments
 would increase the sales revenues due to devaluation of our sales provisions.
 that, as I explained, was neutralized by a cost provision
 of a similar volume.
 Let's move to the next slide, number 15.
 our consolidated balance sheet.
 concept this year, our net expenditures on the development project's balance decreased
 by 27 million zlotys, mainly due to the depreciation of cyberpunk I just mentioned.
 And at the same time, our long and short-term other financial assets increased in line with
 of our purchases of T bonds as a way of diversifying
 our financial reserves.
 at all the financial assets and cash are marked with a star
 and summed up under the total assets table
 to the amount of 1.1 billion slots.
 It now sets the significant decrease of receivables by over 1 billion Zloty down to nearly 250
 is a lot. It comes from collection of our receivables due to us after the release of cyberpunk.
 I will elaborate more on how this cash flow was allocated in the moment.
 our equity decreased over the first six months of 2021,
 mainly due to the 2020 dividend payout which in some part was compensated by
 the prophets for the years.
 I did not elaborate much on the expenditures on development projects as I wanted to share
 I will review one more slide.
 Please go to the next page, number 16.
 that's expenditures on research, development, and service of released games quite a continuation
 of what I was presenting during our Q1 conference.
 in Q2, the yellow part.
 our total cost of servicing our released games decreased visibly versus Q1.
 since the release of cyberpunk, this part,
 is mostly dedicated to STU CP.
 Also, the green part, which is the early research phase costs,
 were much lower in Q2 versus Q1.
 and at the same time, the blue part,
 actual development of new projects visibly increased.
 This is in line with what Adam was presenting just now
 regarding involvement of our team.
 Thank you very much.
 simplified cash flow on slide 17.
 The mind flowing in from reduction of receivables by 1 billion, 29 million lots, it was mainly
 dedicated to paying the dividend in the amount of 503 million zlotys and decreasing our loan can
 and chart and liabilities and provisions by 366,000,000 lot.
 Altogether, with the 105 million Lopin net profit for the period, it increased our financial
 reserves by 255 million Zloty, up to 1,129 million Zloty of cash bank deposits and T-bonds
 as of the end of June 2021.
 This is the source of financing for our future projects
 developments.
 That's all from me for now. Thank you for your attention. Let's now move to the q&a section
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, you may do so by pressing
 star one on your telephone keypad please make sure the meat function on your
 phone is turned off so the signal can be read by our equipment.
 Star 1 for questions will pause a moment to assemble our phone queue.
 We'll take our first question from Omar Sheikh with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
 Thanks very much and good evening everyone. I've got three questions if I could.
 And so first of all, I wanted to just check in on the timing of the releases of the next
 versions of style of punk and the witcher. I mean you said late 2021 but I guess arguably any day
 from tomorrow is late 2021 so if you could maybe just be a bit more specific on you know
 when during the next four months you broadly anticipate the release of these two titles
 and maybe you could comment on the risk of, or not the risk, but I guess your attitude towards
 pushing the release of these titles into 2022. That's the first question. Secondly, I don't know
 whether I missed it purely, but I just thought if you could just clarify what percentage
 of the total revenues or maybe the percentage of the sales of products came from cyberpunk
 in Q2, that would be helpful. And then thirdly, I just want to refer to slide 10. I can see
 see from what you said there, if you look at other projects, does that include the next
 AAA release, thinking about the next Witcher, for example, is that included in other projects?
 And secondly, on this slide, should we assume that given the second biggest sort of chunk
 of the current split of your development staff is in the expansion for cyberpunk.
 should be seen that that's the next thing that we'll see in terms of a big release.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay.
 This has been Robert Kosky and I'll start with the first one.
 Hi Omar, so thanks for the questions.
 I'll talk to the first one, which I believe was about the next gen releases of Cyberpunk
 And which I think you've kind of combined the question.
 So I'll start with cyber-flying.
 I mean, our target is to release the next version of Cp27.7
 late this year, which is something that Adam mentioned in his opening statement.
 At the same time, you know, keeping in mind the lessons we have learned during the past
 year and taking into account the fact that, you know, this project still remains in development.
 We can't say with force that neither the production schedule will not change, of course, and with
 The Witcher 3, the situation is slightly different in a way that this is being tackled by the
 the external team, mainly, which is Saber Interactive,
 the company we have worked before on Switch and also the updates in the past.
 And as with Subpoint 2077, our goal is to release that game still in late 2021.
 However, similarly, development process is ongoing and we cannot be absolutely that certain
 that the release schedule will not change.
 But for the time being, we definitely
 are aiming with both titles for the late 2021.
 and I don't want to be more specific at this moment in time.
 Thank you
 The revenue split I was not referring to any precise revenue split for cyberpunk or other
 products but what I can confirm is that Cyberpunk was the leading source of revenue for us during
 in the first half of 2021.
 Hi Omar, Omar Adam here.
 I'll take the third one regarding slides 10.
 So, the yellow part is strictly related to Cyberpunk 2077.
 the game which is already released, that maybe the part which is not covered there yet,
 because we are in the transformation is technology because technology
 ultimately will be a separate, I mean part of technology would be a separate division,
 But for now, for now, it's assigned to projects.
 yet. So we do not provide any comments on obviously on our projects so I can't
 confirm anything more than this is this is about games which which we haven't
 announced yet and the next big AAA content will be obviously EP1 which you can see on
 the slide as well.
 Okay, sounds good. Thanks very much guys, very clear.
 We'll take our next question from Nick Dempsey with Barclays.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah good afternoon guys I have three so first up just looking at these provisions so to understand
 that you are unwinding a negative provision in the revenue lines around 40 million blotty
 and then you have a new provision of around 40 million LOTC in the cost line.
 So, effectively, without those things, you're boosting the revenue line by about $40 million
 but the operating profit is more or less unchanged by that activity.
 But first of all, I wanted to understand if that's correct.
 And secondly, can we expect any other provisions in the rest of the year in relation to these
 areas.
 Thank you.
 The second question, did you sell more or fewer units
 of Cyberpunk 77 in Q2 versus Q1, are you able to give us an indication there, even if you
 don't give us a number.
 And the third question, is there a comment in your release
 about Q3 being a lower quarter in general
 than Q2 and Q4, are you pointing us towards Q3 being a lower revenue quarter than Q2?
 I'll take the first two questions regarding provisions.
 So yes, your understanding is correct.
 our, due to the, let's say in very simplified terms, reclassification of
 provisions. So, decrease of sales provisions and increase of cost provisions, our gross
 gross margin or gross profits were not affected because those values are very close to 40
 years.
 the cost provision was slightly bigger than the tax provision. As far as the other provisions are
 are concerned.
 We still have one hundred and sixty million zlotys of provisions to be used for the second
 half of the year or for the future, maybe that's not all of them are exactly for the
 second half of the year.
 We have them up to our best knowledge estimated as for the publication date, and that's what
 is our judgment on the future potential settlements with distributors in the
 contracts we have is reflected into this amount.
 This amount also includes provisions on losses for the team for the first half of this year.
 I hope it answers the question.
 We'll take our next question from Matthew Walker with Credit Suisse.
 Let's go ahead.
 Actually hold on, I don't think we answered all the questions that were asked here.
 Oh, my apologies.
 There are two more actually.
 Sorry, and this is Mirovsky.
 Regarding the Q2 versus Q1 CP units,
 We're not really commenting the number of unit cells
 for the time being.
 But a third question on the revenue,
 I think that's probably going to be taken by people.
 So I'm going to switch off right now.
 guiding on future sales results of future profits, but usually the third quarter of the
 year is the weakest quarter. It covers the summer time. It dismisses the big promo events
 like the summer promo or the promos that happened around like Friday in the fourth
 quarter so I would say that the traditional seasonality for the third
 quarter is to expect it lower, but it's just general rule and I'm not intending to guide
 you on any specific results we may achieve with this particular third quarter.
 Yeah, I think now we have finished.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 We'll take our next question from Matthew Walker.
 please go ahead
 Thanks, everyone. Can you hear me okay?
 Yes, sir.
 that.
 Thanks a lot.
 Yes, could you just explain the ...
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 first of all on the provision side.
 Can you just go back to the first principle
 explain why you took these provisions in the first place and now why you're
 or releasing them into the revenue line
 and explain about the provisions that you've dissolved
 in the period as well.
 That's the first question.
 The second question is on you said, I think maybe I got it wrong, but did you say that
 that you had 160 million of potential provisions
 that you could release into the sales line
 in the second half of the year.
 Can you just explain that for us as well?
 And then, could you also maybe give an indication
 how many units you got through putting it back onto the PlayStation in the latter part
 of June, and then just confirm when you're talking about the expansion for cyberpunk,
 Are you talking about the first paid DLC
 which is coming in 2022.
 Is that what you're referring to when you talk about expansion?
 Thank you very much for your attention.
 The next question was why we took the provisions in the first place.
 So we set some provisions in the first place back in 2020 up on Rudy's cyber find and
 And the provisions included both both expected costs of releasing the game that were not
 invoice to us back in 2020 and we expected the inverses to come into the company and also potential
 returns or price protections that we were expecting to happen later on.
 on. However, we're supposed to correct the same switch we already invoiced back in Q4
 2020. So the provisions for costs or sales revenues originate mostly from the premier
 back in 2020.
 quarter we have to evaluate them and we have to adjust them. Right now, based on the market
 situation based on the reports from our distributors, we decided to re-evaluate them.
 and in very simple terms, we reclassified some of the sales provisions into cost provisions.
 Hence, the close to neutral effect of these transactions to our gross profit, but we
 We believe, having the knowledge we have today, that they better present what should happen
 to our profit and loss calculations.
 So the company should have higher sales.
 But at the same time, our supplements with distributors will include more costs that
 we will refund based on the contracts we have with them.
 At the same time, having higher sales and higher incomes from them.
 So that's kind of technical.
 booking, I would say, that better reflects how we should present it book-wise and how
 we decided to adjust it based on the current knowledge we have right now.
 And as far as how much of the provisions were used and how much of the provisions were used
 and how much of the provisions were adjusted.
 I would love to point you to the note 12, as far as I remember, other provisions of our
 financial statement, and there are two tables precisely showing what sales provisions, what
 cost provisions and what bonus provisions we had for the beginning of the period,
 how they were used, which were consumed, and which were added, and which were cancelled
 over the first six months.
 I believe this will be much more convenient than describing all of the numbers right now.
 if you would happen to have any additional questions,
 I will be happy to answer them directly.
 Thank you. I believe that's all from my side on the first two provision questions
 Okay, and Mikhailovsky again, I'll jump in on the fourth question regarding the how many
 units were sold on CP when we came back to the Sony store were not really commenting
 the units as we mentioned before. So I can't go deeper in that question either. Regarding
 the fourth question about the expansion that Adam mentioned in his opening statement.
 This is the first thing you'll see.
 I'd actually like to first focus on the naming conventions here because we actually make
 of distinction when we speak about DLCs, we mean small things like a skin for the character
 like a like a new jacket or a new color of the hair or something similarly well not sizable
 When we speak about expansions, then yes, we're talking about a bigger thing like in
 the past with blood and wine or hearts of stone, for example.
 So when Adam was mentioning in the opening statement,
 the people working on the expansion.
 I think he did mean the bigger one, which historically has been paid.
 I hope that explains.
 Yeah, okay, thank you very much.
 Thanks a lot.
 We'll take our next question from Ken Rumpf with Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello everybody. I suppose I'll try a further go at the provisions just to see if I'm understanding
 it in real world terms. So are we to take it that you think that you will have sold
 more units but suppliers will make use of the price protection type policies that you
 have anyway I think you get my idea what's happened in the real world do you
 think that's causing this reallocation of provisions if there's a way of explaining
 that.
 questions, however, we're going to be mainly about slide 10 about staff. Firstly, any comment
 on staff turnover.
 Secondly, these are percentage numbers,
 approximately where are the absolute numbers between the end of the year and now and probably
 Finally, I was a little bit surprised how large the Gwent number was.
 is this just kind of the normal number of people for Gwent, given that it has
 expanded to mobile now or is, you know, is there perhaps more going on in terms of development
 of that game than I'd realised. It's a bigger share of the total than I would have expected.
 Thank you.
 Again, no, they are not directly related to unique sites.
 Obviously, the sales are the data on which we base estimating the reserves and potential
 future outcome of several of our contracts with distributors, but it's not that you know this
 sort of that number of units generated this result.
 We cooperate with a number of distributors and with some of them we were adjusting the
 reserves this way, we've ordered the other way. And we came to a conclusion, closing
 the books for the first half of this year, that all in all, the sales provisions should
 be smaller but at the same time provisions for cost of cooperation with the distributors
 and setting our accounts with them should also be higher.
 it happens that both amounts are close to being equal.
 and the cost is slightly higher in the sense, but it's not directly related or linked one
 to another and neither it's linked to any specific situation with, you know, more unit
 solves than we expected of less unit solves.
 that's the effect of total calculation
 of a number of contracts with distributors,
 number of markets we evaluated for this purpose.
 Okay, again, shall we move on to the stack?
 Thanks.
 Yes, yes, yes, I'll try to cover it.
 So of course, we are observing increased chance this year.
 This is normal.
 This is what we expected after the conclusion of the large project.
 It's always like this.
 We have also intensified our recruitment activities and what I can say is that the total number
 of employees to the project was, I mean, by the end of June, it's very similar comparable
 to what we had at the end of 2020. So, no big changes there. And in terms of Chan, it's
 comparable to what we had after Wicheltz.
 So far, nothing.
 nothing unexpected.
 that about Gwent.
 Well, this is related to the project.
 and went in sometimes a bit bigger,
 sometimes a bit smaller, so nothing under this.
 nothing under this.
 I mean, it's a normal, normal situation.
 So apparently, at the end of H1, the number was like this.
 but it might change in the future as well.
 Okay, could I ask a couple of supplementaries?
 One is to say, without going too much into current trading, but is where do we stand
 in at the end of August in terms of employees.
 You know, just do your comments regarding churn and against that recruitment still apply has
 have been any dramatic change kind of in July and August, and the other question was kind
 to ask was you referred to the fact that at the moment,
 kind of technology slash engine staff are kind of included within the other groups largely
 within the cyberpunk yellow bar, what's your idea do you think for how large that group
 would be either an absolute or percentage terms,
 kind of on the new model when you're working
 under the new sort of central resource
 for technology and engine model.
 Thank you.
 So after the end of July, there was no dramatic change.
 I mean, nothing new in terms of what we had at the end of H1.
 in terms of technology unique, it is still in discussion.
 So, so hard to say where we'll be a year from now.
 Now, definitely a big part of tech will support more than one project at a time, but it is
 Still, in discussion, we are in the first part
 in the middle of transformation.
 so hard to say anything precise regarding numbers,
 regarding numbers, but definitely there will be people working on technology, not necessarily
 at least booking-wise assigned to projects.
 Okay.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 We'll take our next question from Maddie Lytton with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good afternoon. First question on revenue recognition. So just to check that
 that would all the days in June for PlayStation Digital Units and Steam Summer Sale Units
 already recognising Q2 revenue. So in other words, we're all the June days from those
 channels included in the Q2 sales number.
 number. And the second question is related to Red Engine 4. So you mentioned the technology
 investment and if we were to talk about hypothetically about your next big
 project, would it be correct to sort of assume that the technological investment in the engine
 required to get the next big game out would be less than that between Witcher 3 and Cyberpunk
 2077 where you updated to a whole new version of the red engine while you're
 also working in the game. Thank you.
 with the revenues from digital storefronts, specifically in Steam and PlayStation.
 So, all of the sales by the end of June that were reported passing basically all of them
 more reported to us are included in the revenues for the first half of the year.
 mentioned the steam summer sale. As far as I remember, this action started in June but
 ended in July.
 So not the whole team summer promo was included
 in the first half results only the sales achieved by the end of June.
 The July sales, the finish of the summer promo will be part of the Q3 report from us.
 Adam, on this end, I'll take the second, about your engine.
 To be honest, it's too early to say because we are still very deep in working on the
 current technology for cyberpunk 2077, and we are evaluating and discussing future avenues
 in this regard. So it is definitely not the right moment to say precisely or firmly where
 it will go and what would be the impact to our books regarding technology.
 Very clear. Thank you very much both
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Vladimir Bespalov with VTB Capital. Please go ahead.
 Hello, and thank you for taking my questions. I have actually two. During the first quarter
 conference where you mentioned that each quarter a few people would work on fixing
 cyberpunk. Will it be the case in the third quarter and should we expect some
 improvement in profitability as a result as I would assume more people would work even
 within the cyberpunk project on on expansions and these costs could be capitalized I assume.
 And the second question is on Spocker.
 You haven't consolidated it yet, but given the release of the Monster Slayer game, are
 Are you going to consolidate it from this third quarter?
 and if you're going to cancel a date.
 What could we expect in terms of ravenous costs, just the overall effect on CD projects
 financials?
 Thank you
 We've got cyberpunk, we realized the game still needs improvement and we will continue
 to work on it as long as necessary.
 However, as the developers naturally move
 to other projects, the number of team members engaged in the support of the game decreases
 with each month.
 That's the status quo for now.
 You ask whether it will increase profitability, well, I would say it will decrease our costs
 for the period directly booked into the PNF,
 that's probably more proper to put it this way.
 SPACA company. So we have certain rules for consolidating in companies, so we'll evaluate
 the group results versus the spoco results, both sales numbers and the balance, the total
 the value of their assets, as far as I remember,
 That's the second criteria, and based on that,
 having the Q3 results will make final decision.
 It has not decided yet whether SPACA should be consolidated in starting from potential
 it should become solid data.
 starting from Q3 or starting from the full year results for 2021.
 the question what how Spocker results will influence our group results, that's obviously
 a question about future results that are still in front of us.
 We are not guiding on that. We've not calculated this yet ourselves.
 So please be patient, please be with us and we'll cover it as soon as we have some news
 sure.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 We'll take our next question from Maria Mikovic with Wood and Company. Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon.
 I've got two questions.
 first, sorry for another follow-up on provisions,
 But I'm just trying to understand, looking at the note 12 that you mentioned of your
 financial statements. I can see for provisions for returns that actually those created in
 In fact, half are almost 43 million, but dissolved or released provisions seem to be 82 million.
 So, like, first look could imply that the impact on your PNL would be still positive,
 But you are saying it's neutral and referring to release provisions of 40 million rather
 than 82. So if you could just explain the difference that I'm probably not seeing in
 those numbers. So, that will be the first question. And the other question I would just refer to
 that the revenues of a CD product read.
 So basically, if you could just explain
 what was the reason, the main reason for quarter-on-quarter growth in revenues, sorry, if we exclude
 that the positive impact of provision.
 So if we just adjust these 14 million provisions for the second quarter, it would be still
 like quite visibly higher revenues than in first quarter so I'm aware that you are not
 commenting specifically on the numbers for cyberpunk or witcher, but maybe you could
 Just at least say whether this growth came mostly from cyber-capacities or sales increased
 quarter on quarter, or Witcher, or anything else.
 That's all from my side. Thank you.
 and the
 40 million Zlatihari referred to was the balance of all the adjustments we've made or the number
 of distributors we work with.
 So if you look at the referred note in our financial statement,
 Actually, nearly 70 million latter provisions were consumed,
 So they were effectively used during this period.
 And they were 82 millionth lot of provisions desolved and 42 millionth lot it created.
 So the balance of the 82 minus 42 is the 40 millionth logic that influence directly
 our revenues for the period,
 than I mentioned in my presentation.
 As I said, there is more than one customer.
 There is more than one contract that we monitor.
 that we reflect in our provisions assessment, and the 40, around 40 million zlotys net
 effect is the outcome of all of the calculations.
 The second question was, what influenced the Q2 results any better than the Q1?
 As I said, the biggest revenue driver was Cyberpunk and most of the sales generated during this
 period on Cyberpunk came from digital distribution. During Q1, we were not present on some E-Play
 station store cyberpunk came back to sales it was it wasn't and for us but it
 also allowed us to generate some extra revings that were not present in the Q1 and so other
 Other other fiber pun in other stores like steam added to the size and all in all made
 Q2 better in this respect than the next one.
 Can comment from from the top of my head
 That's for now.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, thank you
 We'll take our next question from Tomasz Rodak with BOS Brokerich House. Please go ahead.
 Yes, hi, can you hear me well?
 Yes, sir.
 Hello.
 Hi.
 Thank you for taking my questions.
 First question.
 Hi.
 The question, once again, is related to the provisions, the reduction of provision, and
 fairly simple, I think. Does it, the fact that you reduced the provision, does it to
 to any extent mean that the sale of cyberpunk in physical channels is better than you expected
 when you was creating this provision?
 or is it at all not connected with this?
 this and
 and
 And with regard to the second half of this year, you will probably be maybe reducing
 the provisions in the future and the second half, is there any chance that the reduction
 of provision in the second half be profit contributing, if yes, what would have to happen
 to make the reduction of provision profit contributing.
 And...
 Yes, and could you give us some information on the digital versus physical revenue structure
 in the first quarter and second quarter.
 quarter. And yeah, and that's it. Thank you.
 with distributors have a number of possible ways of settling.
 In some cases, we get sales revenues, but in some other,
 we are also liable to refund them some of the expenses they covered on their side.
 the fact that we dissolved part of the sex provisions,
 but increased cost provisions does not
 natural that we expect better sales on the sales side or worse sales on the cost side
 of the provisions.
 that the effect of our estimation of what the future may bring in respect of our settlements
 to distributors.
 It happens to be close to neutral for the gross profit,
 but it's based on the amounts we contractually expect
 to be set to input the distributors and not directly
 on the unit cells like that.
 So your question, whether we could be evaluating
 provisions in the third or fourth quarter and will it affect our profitability?
 we see, yes, we are evaluating the provisions every quarter and depending on what the future
 market situation will be, we may either be required to increase them or if we were to
 secure maybe we will be lucky to lower the amount of provisions but what we
 booked for the end of June, reflects our estimations on future cooperation with distributors
 on our, our and their future liabilities arising from the contracts we have.
 So that's our best knowledge on this.
 uh...
 regarding the physical digital speed of our revenues
 in both Q2 and Q1.
 I would say digital from the top of my head
 without checking in on the tables.
 digital was definitely the most important part of the most important source of revenues for us.
 as in case of physical for vast majority of our cooperation with distributors due to the
 in nature of physical distribution.
 At first, high quantities of games are shipped to the market.
 And then you manage the stock in the retail channels.
 most of the cooperation and most of the revenues with physical distribution
 partners are subject right now on the level of provisions.
 So the new royalties and new revenues
 by to the prior grad are generated mostly
 via the distribution channels for now.
 Okay, thank you.
 And ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, if you'd like to ask a question, star 1 will pause the moment to reassemble the cue.
 Thank you.
 We have no further questions at this time.
 time.
 on the phone.
 I would like to turn the conference back to your speakers for any additional remarks or chat questions.
 Thank you very much for your questions.
 Hello Adam, here I'll take the question from chat.
 Does the management board have any idea how to manage the supply of the employee shares?
 Yes, we do have an idea.
 Piotr, maybe you can cover this because I think that you are running this project, if
 you may.
 The brokerage house which mediated the take-up of shares at the beginning of the program
 when we were making it back in 2020, we'll reach out to program participants who are
 are contemplating, potentially contemplating,
 sale of shares.
 soon after the lockup period is over
 and present them with a comprehensive offer
 which should enable such transactions
 to be carried out in an organized manner.
 the offer would also enable to the product
 to inform the market ahead of time.
 how such sale orders should be carried out.
 as with the transactions carried out last year.
 all sales order placed by our shareholders
 would be aggregated and processed by an experienced team
 of Trigon brokers.
 We expect these transactions to be spread over some time
 and to have a limited share in our data turnover.
 That's the idea, which we discussed with Trigon
 when preparing for the end of the lockup
 to be able to offer them to come to our employees
 with a proposal of some organized solution, how to potentially help them if they decide
 to sell their shares. But at the same time, I can say that we've discussed it with my
 my colleagues from the board.
 and uh...
 None of the board members intends to sell their shares
 following the end of the lockup period.
 That's that's that will expire this September. So that's that's the info on this I can show right now.
 And the next question I have is, we have here, sorry, this is Mihail Avakarsky from, Konrad Klastosky from Lumberk News.
 And there's two questions, actually.
 So the first one is regarding expansion to, regarding the expansion to cyberpunk, when
 And should we expect it?
 The question is here, 2022.
 and is it finally agreed it will be paid
 in what scale of price should we expect to meet with your expansions.
 So I'll cover that first and then I'll read the other one before switching off.
 So regarding the expansion, as we mentioned earlier, we're actually not.
 in development, but we're not providing any specifics about the dates.
 I know 2022 is a broader question.
 It's not super specific like X, Y, Z, even month.
 But we still would like to keep up the rule that we're not
 commenting the dates until we're ready to deliver that.
 So I'll frame it from going deeper here.
 And regarding the price, you know,
 what it will be paid and what scale of price should we expect.
 I mean, historically, expansions have been paid,
 as you might be noticed with the wheelchair.
 However, it is definitely way too early to, you know, to talk about price since we're
 not even getting the date. So again, I cannot give any details. And then the second question
 that was asked here was regarding your cover of reports, you came back to Garrell's theme.
 Does it suggest that you refocus on what you're free next gen or what you're for maybe?
 So, well, the choice, of course, is very often purely
 aesthetic, you know, relying on aesthetics. I don't think any of us actually thought about
 like you said just a few, but obviously, you know,
 which is free next year coming, so I guess you could tie it to that.
 I hope that that covers the question and I'm switching off now.
 Thank you.
 All right, the time, this is 7 p.m. in Poland, at least, and this is the end of the conference.
 Thank you very much.
 If you have any further questions, please.
 Thank you very much.
 please contact our IR and we're glad to answer all the questions, of course,
 questions we can answer.
 Thank you very much.
 Bye-bye.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference.
 We appreciate your participation.
 me now disconnect.