 Today, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CD Projekt Group Financial Results for H1 2021 Conference Call.
 today's call is being recorded
 At this time, I turn the conference over to Adam Kaczynski.
 Kaczynski, please go ahead.
 Thank you very much.
 Good evening.
 Thanks.
 Welcome to the teleconference dedicated to CEDA Project Group's earnings of the first half of 2021.
 one.
 Today, as usual, I'll be running this call together with Piotr Jelubowicz and Mikhail
 Novakoski.
 The webcasts of the presentation, along with the audio feed, are also streamed on our corporate
 website
 cdproject.com
 and on our higher YouTube channel.
 Let's start off with the Cyberpunk 2077 franchise and a big summary of what we've accomplished so far with regard to supporting the game.
 In the first half of the year, we are focused on supporting cyberpunk by rolling out successive
 events.
 improvements.
 So far, four patches and three hot fixes have been delivered.
 more we listen to
 recently released
 our
 1.3 also included
 additional free content
 referred to as DLT.
 With each update, we address multiple performance and stability issues,
 improving the overall gameplay experience for players.
 Restoring Cyberpunk 2077 to the digital PlayStation storefront in the second half of June was an important milestone for us.
 reinforcing our confidence in our plans to improve the game.
 In terms of support, work on Cyberpunk will continue for as long as it's necessary.
 Our ultimate goal is to deliver on the promise we gave to gamers and regain their trust.
 We are fully committed to ensuring that Cyberpunk lives up to its full potential
 and becomes a long-term success.
 At the same time, we are focused on the development of the next-gen version of the game, which
 brings me to site number four our target date for the release of the next gen update is late 2021
 Please note, however, that as the game is still in development,
 products and plants might be subject to change. The next generation is an important step on our
 adventure in the cyberpunk universe.
 As I said before, we strongly believe in the long-term potential of this IP.
 that's why we are currently working on the first expansion for the game
 although i cannot say anything more about it at this point of point in time now let's move let's
 Let's move on to the Witcher franchise.
 Please move on to the next slide.
 The two most significant events related to the Vulture Universe took place after the
 Vulture Universe.
 of the reporting period.
 In July, together with Netflix, we co-organized the first-ever edition of The Witcher.com,
 a two-day virtual event for fans of the Witcher universe.
 This event attracted great community attention
 and was streamed by a number of key influencers.
 at the WitcherCon
 apart from
 In interviews and panels attended by the project creators, as well as the Witcher series staff and cast members,
 We announced that the base edition of the Witcher 3 Wild Hunt, along with its next-gen version, will, regardless of the platform, contain some extra content inspired by Netflix series.
 As for Cyberpunk 2077, our target date for the release of the next-gen version of The Witcher 3, Wild Hunt, is late 2021.
 one. Let's move on to slide eight. The Witcher
 of this layer a mobile location location-based AR game developed and published by our daughter
 company Spoco was launched on the 21st of July. We are very satisfied with how the game has been
 viewed and rated by Gammas.
 Its ratings currently stand at 4.5 on ASTO and 4.1 on Google Play.
 Regular users, as well as experts,
 among others, strong focus on storytelling and the game's immersive nature driven by AR.
 We are in protest...
 week.
 We are in the process of collecting and analyzing data, in-game stats, and feedback from gamers, and we have ambition plans for the coming quarters.
 We plan to roll out new content, including new adventure seasons, monsters, and features.
 Now, let's move to slide 9.
 In July, following the signing of the TakeOver Agreement,
 digital escapes
 formally became a matter of
 for the project farming.
 The studio was subsequently rebranded as the project with Vancouver.
 the Canadian studio
 has set itself an ambitious goal
 to triple in size by the end of the calendar year
 with a target in size of approximately 40 people.
 It will focus on supporting
 to the project efforts
 related to technology and gameplay programming for the studio's core IPs.
 Let's move to the final slide of this part of the presentation, number 11.
 In accordance with our promise to GAMS, we intend to keep improving Cyberpunk for, as I said, as long as it takes.
 Meanwhile, we do not lose sight on the bigger picture.
 We want to develop other products based on our franchises and to keep growing our core business.
 Right now, 160 people are working on the size expansions for Cyberpunk, while nearly 70
 more are involved in other
 unannounced projects. That's all from me for now. Let's move on to slide 12, Piotr. The floor is yours.
 profit on this account for the first half of this year.
 such as here.
 already is from
 series of products
 reached 367 million
 love it, and we're
 54% higher than a year ago. While 2020 had been our best age one in years, the first half of this
 year was even better.
 Though we saw lower sales of the Witcher franchise this year, which is natural and expected.
 Cyberpunk 2077 has been more than made up for this decrease.
 CP was the most important source of revenue
 stop this year and most
 and that saves came from digital channels.
 As you may remember, at the end of 2020, we booked some provisions, mainly for supplements
 with our physical distributors.
 this year we were
 adjusting and utilizing them.
 We've analyzed the situation and possible settlement and self-contracts with our distributors
 and have decided to decrease
 part of our unused case prevalence by nearly 40 million
 exotic which boosted our product sales revenues and at the same time we did increase our cost
 provisions related to cooperation with CP distributors by 40 million slots, which
 which boosted our cost of product sold.
 These two changes were effectively neutral with regard to the gross margin, however,
 reflected our updated estimation of future settlements of contracts with our distributors.
 There is also one more important new element in the cost of products and services sold line.
 During the first half of last year, it included mostly the depreciation of the Witcher 3
 and the other half of the year.
 edition Gwent and Thronebreaker.
 this year it also includes depreciation of cyberpunk in the amount of 34 million zloty hence
 nearly 88 million
 the total value of cost of products and services sold.
 ...avenues from sales of goods and materials, we reported a decrease by 20%.
 GOG sales of goods and materials stayed at the same level as last year, although the
 lottik was visibly stronger against the dollar while it's to the product red the line decreased
 at sales of relatively low-margin physical goods and materials on the way to the Cyberpunk
 premium.
 This year, it's back to normal in this risk time.
 hence lower sales and costs of goods and materials sold to the project.
 All in all, our total sales revenues for this year reached 470 million Zloty and were 29% above the sales of the first half of 2020.
 Our gross profit from sales is 308 million zloty, which is one-fifth more than a year ago.
 Moving to the operating costs, our selling costs increased this year to 131 million dollars.
 being driven by the cyberpunk servicing costs.
 A large number of our developers and testers were working on updates and patches to the
 game.
 This year alone, the total cost allocated to Cyberpunk servicing reached nearly 48 million
 data.
 G&A costs were also increased versus last year.
 Among others, we included in this position some of the early project research phase costs
 in the amount of 11 million zlotych,
 and also a 10 million lot of increasing costs
 of our incentive program compared to a year ago.
 Our financial activity presents a negative outcome
 due to the negative effects differences
 and missing interest on deposits
 due to the low interest rates.
 and our effective income tax rate was around 9%.
 This is slightly above the level of last year when it was just below 9%.
 All in all, our net profit for the first half of this year reached $105 million, 28% less than a year ago.
 As GOG posted negative results,
 109 millions
 lot in that profit was generated
 by to the project perspective let's go to the next slide number 13 of each of the four bars
 represents revenues for the first six months of each of the presented years.
 From these revenues, we covered our costs and expenses, marked gray, and earned our net profits, marked blue.
 However, this year, our cost structure was different than a year before.
 Please go to the next slide.
 presents CP
 servicing costs. This is our commitment to gamers, but also, I believe, an extensive
 in color in nature.
 The yellow slice represents the appreciation of something
 natural after the release, yet non-existing last year and of a non-monetary nature this year.
 And the red part, these are the early phase research expenses, mostly of Q1.
 And finally, the dark gray part on top represents adjustments for the increase of sales revenues
 due to the re-evaluation of our sales provisions that, as I explained, was neutralized by a
 cost provision of a
 similar volume.
 Let's move to the next slide, number 15.
 our consolidated balance sheet concept this year,
 Our net expenditures on the development projects
 balance decreased by 27 million slots, mainly due to the depreciation of Cyberpunk I just
 mentioned. At the same time, our long- and short-term
 other financial assets increased in line with our purchases of T-Bonds as a way of diversifying
 our financial reserves.
 All the financial assets and cash are marked with a star
 and summed up under the total assets table
 to the amount of 1.1 billion slots.
 Assets, the significant decrease of receivables by over 1 billion ZL down to nearly 250 million ZL
 comes from collection of our receivables due to us after the release of Cyberpunk.
 I will elaborate more on how this cash flow was allocated in the moment.
 Our equity decreased over the first six months of 2021, mainly due to the 2020 dividend payout,
 which in some part was compensated by profits for the year.
 I did not elaborate much on the extended tourism development projects, as I wanted to share with you one more slide.
 please go to the next page, number 16.
 That's expenditures on research, development, and service of released game squadron.
 continuation of what I was presenting
 during our Q1 conference.
 In Q2, the yellow part, our total cost of servicing our released games decreased visibly versus Q1.
 Since the release of Cyberpunk, this part is mostly dedicated to CP.
 Also, the green part, which is the early research phase costs, were much lower in Q2
 versus Q1.
 And at the same time, the blue part,
 actual development of new projects visibly increased.
 This is in line with what Adam was presenting just now
 regarding involvement of our team.
 and simplified cash flow on slide 17.
 The money flowing in from reduction of receivables by 1,029,000,000 Zloty
 was mainly dedicated to paying the dividend in the amount of 503,000,000 Zloty
 and decreasing our long and short-term liabilities and provisions by 366 million slots.
 Altogether, with the 105 million zloty net profit for the period, it increased our financial reserves by 255 million zloty, up to 1,129,000,000 zloty of cash, bank deposits, and T-bonds as of the end of June 2021.
 This is the source of financing for our future projects and developments.
 That's all from me for now.
 Thank you for your attention. Let's now move to the Q&A section.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, you may do so by pressing
 star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 Please make sure the mute function on your phone is turned off so the signal can be read by our equipment.
 Star 1 for questions.
 We'll pause a moment to assemble our phone queue.
 We'll take our first question from Omar Sheikh with Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks very much and good evening, everyone.
 and I've got three questions if I could.
 So, first of all, I wanted to just check in on the timing of the releases of the next-gen versions of Cyberpunk and The Witcher.
 I mean, you said late 2021, but I guess arguably any day from tomorrow is late 2021.
 you know, when during the next four months you broadly anticipate the release of these two titles.
 And maybe we could comment on the risk of, or not the risk,
 but I guess your attitude towards pushing the release of these titles into 2022.
 that's the first question
 secondly I don't know whether I missed it
 but I just thought if you could just clarify what percentage of the total revenues
 or maybe the percentage of the sales of products came from cyberpunk in Q2.
 that would be helpful
 and then thirdly
 you just want to
 refer to slide 10, I can see from what you said there that if you look at other projects,
 Does that include the next AAA release?
 thinking about The Next Witcher, for example.
 Is that included in other projects?
 and secondly on this slide, should we assume that given the second biggest sort of chunk of the current split of your development staff
 is in the expansion for Cyberpunk,
 should be assumed that that's the next thing that we'll see in terms of a big release.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, this has been
 And I'll start with the first one.
 Hi, Omar.
 So thanks for the questions.
 I'll talk to the first one, which I believe was about the next-gen releases of Cyberpunk,
 Cyberpunk, in which I think you've kind of combined the question.
 So I'll start with cyberpunk.
 I mean, our target is to release the next-gen version of CP2077 late this year,
 which is something that Adam mentioned in his opening statement.
 And at the same time, you know, keeping in mind the lessons we have learned during the past year.
 and taking into account the fact that, you know, this project still remains in development.
 we can't see what
 that the production schedule will not change, of course.
 And with The Witcher 3, the situation is slightly different in a way that this is being tackled by the external team mainly,
 which is Sabre Interactive
 the company we have worked before
 on
 switch and also the
 updates in the past
 and
 us with Subplank 2077
 and our goal is to release that game still in late 2021.
 however
 you know similarly you know development process is ongoing uh and we cannot be absolutely that
 certain that the release schedule will not change
 But for the time being, we definitely are aiming with both titles for the late 2021.
 And I don't want to be more specific at this moment in time.
 Thank you.
 The revenue split, I was not referring to any precise revenue split
 for Cyberpunk or other products.
 But what I can confirm is that Cyberpunk was the leading source of revenue for us during the first half of 2021.
 you want.
 Hi, Omar. Adam here. I'll take the third one regarding slide 10.
 So, the yellow part is strictly related to Cyberpunk 2077, the game which is already released.
 that maybe the
 the part which is not covered there yet
 because we are in the transformation
 is technology because technology
 ultimately will be a separate and part of technology would be a separate separate division
 but for now
 as for now it's assigned
 to projects but
 besides this
 The yellow board just represents working on the game itself, Cyberpunk 2077.
 and
 the
 other projects
 or
 are triple A's
 which are not announced yet
 So we do not provide any comments, obviously, on an announced project,
 so i can't confirm anything more than this is this is about games which uh
 which we haven't announced yet.
 and the
 the next
 big AAA
 content will be obviously uh ep1 which which you can see on the slide as well okay sounds good
 Thanks very much, guys.
 very clear
 We'll take our next question from Nick Dempsey with Barclays.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good afternoon, guys. I have three. So first up, just looking at these provisions. So to understand it, you are unwinding a negative provision in the revenue lines around 40 million blotty.
 and then you have a new provision
 of around 40 million
 Lottie in the cost line so
 effectively without those things
 you're boosting the revenue
 Line by about 40 million, but the operating profit is more or less unchanged by that activity
 But first of all, I wanted to understand if I was correct.
 And secondly, can we expect any other provisions in the rest of the year in relation to these areas?
 The second question, did you sell more or fewer units of Cyberpunk 77 in Q2 versus Q1?
 Are you able to give us an indication there, even if you don't give us the number?
 and the third question
 There's a comment in your release about Q3 being a lower quarter in general
 than Q2 and Q4.
 are you pointing
 off towards Q3
 being a lower revenue quarter than Q2.
 Thank you.
 I'll take the first two questions regarding provisions.
 so yes you're
 understanding is correct, both our, due to the, let's say, in very simplified terms,
 reclassification of provisions.
 So, decrease of sales provisions and increase of cost provisions.
 our gross margin or gross profits were not affected because those values are
 are very close to 14 years old.
 actually the cost provision was
 slightly bigger than the SEMS provision.
 As far as the other provisions are concerned, we still have 160 million Zlotych of provisions
 to be used for the second half
 of the year, or for the future, maybe not all of them are exactly for the second half
 of the year.
 We have them up to our best knowledge estimated
 as for the publication date.
 And yeah, that's what is our judgment
 on the future potential settlements
 with distributors and the contracts we have
 is reflected into this amount.
 This amount also includes provisions for bonuses for the team for the first half of this year.
 I hope it answers the question.
 We'll take our next question from Matthew Walker with Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead.
 Actually, hold on.
 I don't think we answered all the questions.
 that we're out here.
 Oh, my apologies.
 Sorry, there were two more, actually.
 sorry and this is
 me
 regarding the Q2
 us q1 cp units we're not really um commenting the number of uh unit cells uh for the time being as
 As for the third question on the revenue, I think that's probably going to be taken by Piyos.
 Yeah, sorry, I'm gonna switch off right now.
 guiding on future sales results or future profits but usually the third
 quarter of the year is the weakest quarter
 it covers
 the summertime, it dismisses
 the big promo events
 like the summer promo
 or the promos that happened around Black Friday in the fourth quarter.
 so I would say
 that the traditional seasonality
 for the third quarter
 is to
 expect it lower but it's just general rule and I'm not intending to guide you
 on any specific results we may achieve in this particular third quarter.
 Now we have finished.
 Yes.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 Next question from Matthew Walker.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks, everyone.
 Can you hear me okay?
 Thanks a lot.
 provisions that you've dissolved in the period as well.
 So that's the first question.
 the second question is on you said
 I think maybe I got it wrong, but did you say that you had 160 million of potential provisions that you could release into the sales line in the second half of the year?
 Can you just explain that for us as well?
 and then could you also maybe give us an indication of how many units you got through
 putting it back onto the PlayStation in the latter part of June
 And then just confirm when you're talking about the expansion for Cyberpunk, are you talking about the first paid DLC, which is coming in 2022?
 Is that what you're referring to when you talk about expansion?
 Thank you.
 The question was why we took the provisions in the first place.
 So we set some provisions in the first place back in 2020 upon releasing Cyberpunk.
 and the provisions included
 both expected costs
 of releasing the game that were not
 invoice to us
 back in 2020 and we expected the invoices to come into the company
 and also potential returns or price protections that we were expecting to happen later on.
 However, we're supposed to correct the same switch
 which we already invoiced back in Q4 2020.
 So the provisions for costs or sales revenues
 originate mostly from the premier back in 2020.
 Each quarter we have to evaluate them and we have to adjust them.
 Right now, based on the market situation, based on the reports from our distributors,
 We decided to reevaluate them and in very simple terms
 terms, we reclassified some of the sales provisions into cost provisions.
 the close to neutral effect of these transactions to our gross profit.
 But we believe, having the knowledge we have today, that they better present what should happen to our profit and loss calculations.
 so the company should have higher sales but at the same time uh our
 the
 settlements with distributors will include more costs that we will refund
 based on the contracts we have with them at the same time having our higher sales
 and higher incomes from them.
 So that's kind of technical booking, I would say, that better reflects how we should present it bookwise and how we decided to adjust it based on the current knowledge we have right now.
 And as far as how much of the provisions were used
 and how much of the provisions were
 adjusted
 I would love to point you to the note 12, as far as I remember, other provisions of our financial statement.
 And there are two tables precisely showing what sales provisions, what cost provisions, and what bonus provisions we had for the beginning of the period, how they were used, which were consumed, and which were added, and which were canceled over the first six months.
 I believe this will be much more convenient than me describing all of the numbers right
 now if you
 happen to have any additional questions
 I will be happy to answer them directly.
 Thank you.
 I believe that's all from my side on the first two provision questions.
 Okay.
 Okay, and I'll jump in on the fourth question.
 regarding the how many units
 where we're
 Sold or on CP when when we came back to the Sony store
 We're not really commenting the units, as we mentioned before,
 So I can't go deeper in that question either.
 regarding the fourth question about
 the
 expansion that Adam
 mentioned in his opening statement.
 Is it the first play DLC?
 I'd actually like to first focus on the naming conventions here
 because we actually make a distinction
 When we speak about DLCs, we mean small things like a skin for the character,
 like a new jacket or a new color of the hair
 or something similarly, well, not sizable,
 when we speak about expansions
 then yes, we're talking about a bigger thing like in the past was blood and wine or hearts of stone, for example.
 So when Adam was mentioning in the opening statement,
 and the people working on the expansion,
 He did mean the bigger one, which historically has been paid.
 I hope that explains.
 Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks a lot.
 We'll take our next question from Ken Rumpf with Jefferies.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, everybody.
 I suppose I'll try a further go at the provisions
 just to see if I'm understanding it in real-world terms.
 So are we to take it that you think that you will have sold more units,
 but suppliers will make use of the price protection type policies that you have?
 Anyway, I think you get my idea.
 what's happened in the real world do you think that's causing this reallocation of provisions
 if there's a way of explaining that.
 My questions, however, were going to be mainly about slide 10, about staff.
 Firstly, any comment on staff turnover?
 Secondly, these are percentage numbers.
 approximately where are the absolute numbers between the end of the year and now and probably
 Finally, I was a little bit surprised how large the GWENT number was.
 is this just kind of
 the normal number of people for Gwent
 given that it has expanded to mobile now,
 Or is there perhaps more going on in terms of development of that game
 than I'd realized it's a bigger share of the total
 than I would have expected.
 Thank you.
 again
 No, they are not directly related to unit cells.
 Obviously, the sales are the data on which we base estimating the reserves and potential future outcome of settlements of our contracts with distributors, but it's not that, you know, this or that number of units generated this result.
 we cooperate with a number of distributors and with some of them we
 You are adjusting the reserves this way with other the other way.
 and we came to a conclusion
 closing their books
 for the first half of this year
 that all in all, the sales provisions should be smaller,
 but at the same time, provisions for costs of cooperation
 with the distributors and setting our accounts with them
 should also be higher.
 It happens that both imans are close to being equal.
 The cost is slightly higher than the sales, but it's not directly related or linked one to another,
 and neither it's linked to any specific situation
 with, you know, more units solved than we expected
 which are less units held.
 that's the
 effect of total calculation
 of a number of contracts with distributors
 and number of markets we evaluated for this purpose.
 Okay. Shall we move on to the stack? Thanks.
 Yes, yes, yes.
 I'll try to cover it
 So, of course, we are observing increased chance this year.
 this is normal
 this is what we expected
 after the
 conclusion of the large project
 It's always, it's always like this.
 very similar comparable to to what we had uh at the end of 2020 so so no big changes there and in
 in terms of
 of of of chan uh it's comparable what we uh
 had with with after which so so so far uh nothing nothing uh unexpected uh
 about Gwent
 well
 this is
 This is related to the project.
 and Gwen's team sometimes
 it's a bit bigger, sometimes a bit smaller.
 So nothing under this.
 I mean, it's a normal, normal situation.
 So, apparently, at the end of H1,
 the number was like this, but it might change in the future as well.
 Okay, could I ask a couple of supplementaries?
 one is to say
 without going too much into current trading,
 but is
 is the
 Where do we stand at the end of August in terms of employees?
 You know, just do your comments regarding churn and against that recruitment still apply.
 Has there been any dramatic change kind of in July and August?
 and the other question I was going to ask was
 you referred to the fact that at the moment kind of technology slash engine
 staff
 are kind of included within the other groups,
 largely within the cyberpunk yellow bar.
 what's your idea
 do you think
 for how large that group would be
 either in absolute or percentage terms, kind of on the new model
 when you're working under the new sort of central resource
 for technology and engine model.
 Thank you.
 So, after the end of July, there was no dramatic change.
 I mean, nothing new in terms of what we had at the end of H1.
 in terms of technology
 unique it is still in discussion so so hard to say where we'll be in a year from now definitely
 big part of the
 of the
 of tech
 will
 uh support more than one project at a time but
 It is still in discussion.
 we are you know in the middle first part in the middle of transformation so so so so hard to hard
 to say
 anything precise
 regarding numbers, but definitely
 there will be people
 working on technology, not necessarily
 at least booking thing-wise
 assigned to
 to the project.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 We'll take our next question from Maddie Lutton with Bernstein.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good afternoon.
 first question on revenue recognition
 so just to check
 that would
 all the days in June
 for
 playstation
 digital units and
 steam summer sale units
 Um,
 be already
 recognising Q2 revenue.
 So, in other words, we're all the June days from those channels included in the Q2 sales number.
 And the second question is related to Red Engine 4.
 so you mentioned the technology investment
 if we were to talk about
 hypothetically about your next big
 project
 Um,
 Would it be correct to sort of assume that the technological investment in the engine required to get the next big game out
 would be less than that
 between Witcher 3 and Cyberpunk 2077
 where you updated
 to a whole new version
 of the red engine
 while you're also working on the game.
 Thank you.
 with the revenues from
 digital storefronts
 specifically in Steam and
 PlayStation.
 so all of the sales by the end of June
 that were reported
 to us and basically all of them were reported to us are included in the revenues for the
 first half of the year.
 You mentioned the Steam Summer Sale.
 As far as I remember, this action started in June but ended in July.
 So not the whole team summer promo was included in the first half results, only the sales
 achieved by the end of June.
 The July sales, the finish of the summer promo, will be part of the Q3 report from us.
 uh adam on this end i'll take the the second about red engine to be honest it's too early to say
 because we are still
 very deep in working
 on the current technology
 for Cyberpunk 2077
 and we are evaluating
 in discussing future avenues in this regard.
 So it is definitely not the right moment to say precisely or firmly where it will go and what would be the impact to our books regarding technology.
 Very clear. Thank you very much, both.
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Vladimir Bespalov with VTB Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, and thank you for taking my questions.
 I have actually two.
 during the first quarter conference
 you mentioned that each quarter
 a few people would work
 on fixing cyberpunk.
 will it be the case in this
 third quarter, and should we
 expect some improvement in profitability as a result,
 as i would assume more people would work even within the cyberpunk project on on expansions and
 and these costs could be capitalized, I assume.
 And the second question is on Spokka.
 You haven't consolidated it yet, but given the release of the Monstrous Slayer game
 are you going to consolidate it from the third quarter and if you are going to consolidate what
 What could we expect in terms of revenues, costs, just the overall effect on CD project
 financials. Thank you.
 Question. With regard to Cyberpunk, we realize the game still needs improvement, and we will continue to work on it as long as necessary.
 However, as the developers naturally moved to other projects,
 the number of team members engaged
 in the support of the game
 decreases with each month
 That's the status quo for now.
 you ask whether it will
 increase profitability
 well I would say it will decrease our costs for the period directly booked into
 the P&L. That's probably more
 proper to
 to put it this way.
 in Spock a company.
 So we have certain rules for consolidating in companies.
 So we'll evaluate the group results versus the SPOCO results, both sales numbers and the balance, the total value of their assets.
 As far as I remember, that's the second criteria.
 And based on that, having the Q3 results will make final decision.
 it has not decided yet
 water sparkler should be consolidated
 in starting from
 potential it should be consolidated
 didn't start from Q3
 or starting from the full year results for 2021.
 and the question
 what, what, how SPOCO results will influence our group results.
 that's obviously a question about future results
 that are still in front of us.
 we are not guiding on that
 we've not calculated this yet
 ourselves
 So, please be patient.
 please be with us and we'll cover it as soon as we have some news to share.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 We'll take our next question from Maria Mikowich with Wood & Company.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon.
 I've got two questions
 First, sorry for another follow-up on provisions, but I'm just trying to understand looking at the note 12 that you mentioned of your financial statement.
 I can see for
 provisions for returns
 that's actually
 those created
 in PESHUB are almost 43 million, but dissolved or released provisions seem
 to be 82 million, so like first look could imply that the impact on your P&L would be
 still positive, but you are saying it's neutral and referring to release provisions of 40
 million rather than 82.
 So, if you could just explain the difference that I'm probably not seeing in those numbers.
 So that will be the first question.
 And the other question I would just refer to the revenues of CD Projekt Red.
 So basically, if you could just explain what was the reason, the main reason for quarter-on-quarter growth in revenues, if we exclude the positive impact of provision.
 So if we just adjust these 40 million provisions for the second quarter,
 it would be still, like, quite visibly higher revenues than in first quarter.
 So I'm aware that you are not commenting specifically on the numbers for Cyberpunk or Witcher,
 but maybe you could just at least say
 whether this growth came mostly from cyberpunk
 or sales increase quarter on quarter
 or Witcher or anything else.
 That's all for my take, thank you.
 The 40 million zloty I referred to was the balance of all the adjustments we've made
 or the number of distributors we work with.
 So if you look at the referred note in our financial statement, actually nearly 70 million
 Zlotych provisions were consumed, so they were effectively used during this period.
 there were 82 million
 LaTeX provisions dissolved and 42 million LaTeX created. So the balance of the 82 minus 42
 is the $40 million that influence directly our revenues for the period.
 and then I mentioned in my presentation.
 As I said, there is more than one customer.
 There is more than one contract that we monitor and that we reflect in our provisions assessment.
 and the 40, around 40 million zloty net effect is the outcome of all of the calculations.
 The second question was what influenced the Q2 results being better than the Q1.
 As I said, the biggest revenue driver was cyberpunk, and most of the sales generated during this period on cyberpunk came from digital distribution.
 during Q1
 we were not present on Sony
 playstation store cyberpunk came back to sales it was it was an event for us but
 but it also allowed us to generate some extra revenues that were not present in the Q1.
 and so
 so other
 other
 other cyberpunk in other stores like steam added to the sales and all in all
 made Q2 better
 in this respect than
 not in the Q1.
 I can comment from the top of my head for now.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Tomas Rodak with BOS Brokerage House.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes.
 Hi.
 Can you hear me well?
 Yes, sir.
 Yep.
 hi thank you for taking my questions the first question the first first question
 once again it's related to the provisions it's a reduction of provision and it's
 fairly simple I think
 does it
 The fact that you reduced the provision does it to any extent mean that the sale of cyberpunk in
 physical channels is better than you expected when you was creating this
 provision or is it at all not connected with with this and and with regards to
 the second half of this year and you you will probably be maybe reducing the
 provisions in the future and the second half what is there any chance that the
 reduction of provision in the second half
 be
 profit
 contributing
 if yes
 would have to happen
 to make the reduction of provision profit contributing.
 and
 yes and
 Could you give us some information on the digital versus physical revenue structure in the first quarter and second quarter?
 and that's it.
 Thank you.
 ...distributors have a number of possible ways of settling.
 In some cases, we get sales revenues, but in some other, we are also liable to refund them some of the expenses they covered on their site.
 the fact that we
 dissolved part of the sales
 provisions but increased
 cost provisions does not
 natural means that we expect
 better sales on the sales side or worse sales on the cost side of the provisions
 that's the effect of our estimation of what the future may bring in respect of
 or supplements with distributors.
 It happened to be close to neutral for the gross profit,
 but it's based on the amounts
 we contractually expect to be set to input the distributors
 and not directly on the unit solved by that.
 So your question, whether we could be evaluating
 the provisions in the third or fourth quarter,
 and will it affect our profitability?
 Yes, we are evaluating the provisions every quarter,
 And depending on what the future market situation will be,
 we may either be required to increase them
 or if we were to uh to secure uh maybe we will be lucky to to uh lower the amount of provisions but
 What we booked for the end of June reflects our estimations on future cooperation with distributors and our and their future liabilities arising from the contracts we have.
 So that's our best knowledge on this.
 So, regarding the physical digital speed of our revenues in both Q2 and Q1, I would say digital, from the top of my head, without checking in any tables, digital was definitely the most important part of, the most important source of revenues for us.
 as in case of physical for vast majority of our cooperation with distributors due to the
 nature of physical distribution that first high quantities of games are shipped to the market and
 and then you manage the stock in the retail channels.
 channels, most of the cooperation and most of the revenues with physical distribution
 partners are settled right now on the level of provisions so the new royalties and new revenues
 bytes of the product
 red are generated mostly
 via the distribution channels for now.
 Great. Thank you.
 And ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, if you'd like to ask a question, star one.
 We'll pause a moment to reassemble the cue.
 Thank you.
 We have no further questions at this time.
 We'll see you next time.
 on the phones.
 I would like to turn the conference back to your speakers for any additional remarks or chat questions.
 Hello.
 Well, Adam here, I'll take the question from the chat.
 Does the management board have any idea how to manage the supply of the employee shares?
 Yes, we do have an idea.
 Piotr, maybe you can cover this
 because I think that you are running this project, if you may.
 The brokerage house which
 mediated the take-up of shares at the beginning of the program when when we
 were making back in 2020, we'll reach out to program participants who are contemplating,
 potentially contemplating
 sale of shares soon after
 the lockup period is over and present them with a comprehensive offer which should enable such
 transactions to be carried out in an organized manner. The offer would also enable to the
 project to inform the market ahead of time how such sale orders should be carried out as within
 transactions carried out last year, all sales orders placed by our shareholders would be
 aggregated and processed by an experienced team of trigon brokers we expect these transactions to
 to be spread over some time
 and to have a limited share in our daily turnover.
 That's the idea which we discussed with Strigon
 when preparing for the end of the lockup
 to be able to offer them to come to our employees
 with a proposal of some organized solution
 how to
 how to potentially
 help them if they decide
 to sell their shares.
 But at the same time, I can say that we've discussed it with my colleagues from the board,
 and none of the board members intend to sell their shares
 following the end of the lockup period that's that's that will expire this
 September so that's
 That's the info on this I can share right now.
 And the next question I have is, we have here, sorry, this is Michal Avakowski.
 He's from Konrad Krasnowski from Bloomberg News.
 And there's two questions, actually.
 so the first one is
 regarding the expansion to
 Cyberpunk
 When should we expect it?
 and the question is here 2022 and is it finally agreed it will be paid and what scale of price
 should we expect similar to future expansions.
 So I'll cover that first, and then I'll read the other one before switching off.
 So regarding the expansion,
 as we mentioned earlier
 we're actually not uh it's it's in development but but we're not providing uh any specifics
 about the the dates uh and i know 2022 is a broader question it's not
 super specific like xyz even a month but but we still would like to you know uh keep up the rule
 that we're not committing the dates until we're ready to deliver that.
 So I'll refrain from going deeper here.
 and regarding the prize
 you know, what will be paid
 and what scale of price should we expect?
 I mean, historically, expansions have been paid, as you have rightly noted, with The Witcher.
 however it is
 definitely way too early to you know
 to talk about price since we're not even keeping the date.
 So, again, I cannot give any details.
 And then the second question that was asked here was regarding your cover of report.
 you came back to Geralt's theme
 does it suggest that you refocus
 and Witcher 3 next-gen or Witcher 4 maybe.
 so
 So, well, the choice, of course, is very often purely aesthetic, you know,
 relying on aesthetics
 I don't think any of us actually thought about it, like you suggested here.
 But obviously, you know, there's a free next ship coming.
 So I guess you could tie it to that.
 I hope that covers the question.
 and I'm switching off now.
 Thank you.
 All right.
 the time
 this is 7pm
 in Poland at least
 and this is the end of the conference.
 Thank you very much.
 If you have any further questions, please contact our IR and we're glad to answer all the questions.
 Of course, that's the questions we can answer.
 Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference.
 Appreciate your participation.
 You may now disconnect.