 Welcome to Group A of our Second Quarter 2021 Consolidated Results Conference Call.
 My name is Yeni, and I'll be your operator for today's call.
 Grupo Aval, Acciones y Valores SA, Grupo Aval, is an issue of securities in Colombia and
 in the United States.
 As such, it's subject to compliance with securities regulation in Colombia in applicable
 U.S. securities regulations.
 Group Abala is also subject to the inspection and supervision
 of the superintendency of finance as holding company
 of the Aval financial conglomerate.
 The Consolidated Financial Information included in this document is presented in accordance
 with IFRS, as currently issued by the IASB.
 Details of calculations of non-gap measures such as ROAA and ROAE, among others, are explained
 when required in this report.
 This report includes forward-looking statements.
 In some cases, you can identify these four.
 We're looking at statements.
 I would like to thank you all for joining our second tour of 2000.
 It expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, estimates, predicts, potential,
 or...
 continue.
 or the negative of these and other comparable words.
 actual results and events may differ materially from those anticipated, hearing as a consequence
 of changes in general economic and business conditions.
 Changes in interest and currency rates and other risks described from time to time in
 our filings with todo registro nacional de valores y emisores en DSEC.
 Recipients of this document are responsible for the assessment and use of the information
 provided adherence. Matters described in this presentation and our knowledge of them may
 change extensively and materially over time. But we expressly disclaim any
 any obligation to review, update, or correct information provided in this report, including
 any forward-looking statements and do not intend to provide any update for such
 material developments prior to our next earnings report.
 The content of this document and the figures included herein are intended to provide a summary
 of the subject discussed rather than a comprehensive description.
 When applicable in this document,
 be referred to billions as thousands of millions.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 Later, we will conduct a question and answer session.
 I will now turn the call over to Mr. Lee Carlos Armiento Gutierrez, Chief Executive Officer.
 Mr. Sarmiento, you may begin.
 Good morning and thank you all for joining our second quarter 2021 conference call.
 I trust that all of you and your families
 are keeping healthy.
 Today, it is my pleasure to present our strongest quarter ever.
 In doing so, I will cover the following, an update on the macroeconomic environment
 of the regions where we operate.
 The status of the loan relief is granted to our clients.
 the progress of our digital efforts,
 and the main highlights of our financial performance.
 Let's start with a macroeconomic scenario
 of the last few months.
 during the second quarter of the year,
 the global economy continued to recover.
 There are, however, material differences
 in the recoveries of countries depending on the effectiveness of these countries vaccination
 problems.
 Additionally, new variants of the virus such as the delta plus and more recently the gamma
 variant continue to appear.
 For now, it is apparent that the vaccinations being administered are effective against these
 new variants.
 However, where this is not the case, economic recoveries would be curtailed.
 In any case, clear evidence of the effectiveness of the vaccination programs resides in the
 fact that although people continue to get infected, the lethality of the virus has
 has drastically dropped.
 Colombia has not been the exception to the economic recovery or to a well-administered
 vaccination program.
 More than 30 million doses have been administered and more than 13 million people have been
 fully immunized.
 progress in the vaccination program along with better external conditions have boosted
 the recovery of the Colombian economy.
 This recovery has not been devoid of headwinds, specifically the violent demonstrations and
 strikes that plagued the country mostly during the months of April and May.
 However, after a drop in consumer confidence, not surprisingly, during April and May, as
 of July, this indicator has recovered and is now at its highest level since the start
 of the pandemic, supported by the progress of the vaccination campaign, better unemployment
 numbers, renewed commercial activity, and higher prices of export commodities such
 such as coffee and oil.
 High-frequency data, such as energy demand, suggests that business activity is advancing
 towards its pre-pandemic level.
 As a result, analysts have continued to raise their estimates of the GDP growth forecast
 for Colombia during 2021.
 The OECD, for example, now forecasts a GDP growth of 7.6% for 2021, and the IMF is expected
 to raise its projections in August, given the positive outcome of recent months.
 In its latest meeting, the central bank revised its own growth forecast from six and a half
 percent to seven and a half percent and in a while we now forecast that the economy will
 grow approximately 7% in 2021.
 Moving on to the labor market, in June, the unemployment rate fell to 14.4 percent, and
 the number of jobs increased by 161,000.
 The average unemployment rate during the second quarter was 15 percent compared to 15.8 percent
 during the first quarter and 20.3% a year earlier.
 Of course, there is still a long way to go on this front.
 Despite the mentioned improvement,
 There are still approximately 1.4 million jobs that still need to be recovered to bring
 us back to the pre-pandemic levels of employment. If these jobs were recovered, the country
 would experience a drop of between 6% and 7% in unemployment.
 For now, as the recovery process continues, we expect a further decline in the unemployment
 rate to 12% by year's end, reaching an average of 14.8% for 2021.
 In June, 12-month inflation reached 3.63 percent, 204 basis points higher when compared to inflation
 during 2020. This year's number has been driven mainly by supply factors and by a statistical
 base effect.
 In fact, the search of food prices of five and a half percent in May was triggered by
 the disruptions of supply and logistics that arose from the strikes.
 As of July, 12-month inflation had risen by 34 basis points versus June to 3.97 percent.
 This increase was driven by food prices which rose by 40 basis points and by higher prices
 in service sectors as a result of higher activity in leisure industries such as restaurants
 propels, recreation, and culture.
 We expect that inflation for 2021 will reach 4 percent as food prices revert offset by
 the pass-through of higher commodity prices and the shipping costs.
 Low-medium term inflation expectations remain well-anchored at 3 percent given the recent
 searching consumer prices, the weaker peso, and the growth prospects, we expected the
 Central Bank will start a monetary policy tightening cycle in the last quarter with a
 high probability of two 25 basis point heights before the end of the year. In that scenario,
 The repo rate will increase to 2.25% from its current 1.75% level.
 Regarding the exchange rate, in the last few weeks, the PESO has weakened to as high as
 $4,000 per dollar due to the strengthening of the dollar in international markets, as
 As investors seek shelter and save assets, cost by the renewed uncertainty owing to the
 spread of the Delta variant and also due to the increase in Colombia's risk premium.
 However, with the projection that the central bank will start a new monetary tightening cycle
 and if, as expected, Congress approves the proposed tax reform, to which I will refer
 in a minute, it is likely that the Colombian peso will seek a level close to 3700 pesos
 per dollar in the next few months.
 The government has presented a new tax reform that seeks to increase tax revenues by 15
 pesos or 1.2 percent of GDP.
 The additional revenue would mainly originate from increasing the corporate tax rate to
 to 35% starting in 2022, instead of reducing it to 30% as approved in the 2019 tax reform.
 The financial sector, however, will continue to pay a 3% surcharge over the corporate rate
 until 2025.
 research arch was expected to cease by 2023.
 Other components of the tax reform include
 reducing tax deductible expenses,
 strengthening legal measures to fight tax evasion and up-freezing government spending.
 If the attacks reform has greater political support, and is expected to be approved in
 in Congress in the next few months.
 In the meantime, the government expects the fiscal deficit to reach 2,021 at 8.6 percent
 of GDP with a primary deficit of 5.3 percent of GDP.
 Regarding the current account, Deficit, it is expected to widen to 4.4% of GDP by years
 up from the 3.3% that GDP observed at the end of 2020.
 up demand should translate into a larger trade deficit that will be partially
 upset by larger and better priced oil and coffee exports.
 With respect to Central America, the IMF expects a 5.7 percent growth of the region's economy
 in 2021. As discussed in the past, Central America greatly benefits from the recovery
 of the U.S. economy as certain Central American countries are highly dependent on cash remittances
 in coming from the United States.
 Economic growth of the region should be positively impacted by the infrastructure sector as these
 countries that were affected by storms, EIDA and IOTA, need to invest heavily in the reconstruction
 During the first two months of the second quarter, Panama
 estimated an annual GDP growth of 16.5% and during the same period Costa Rica estimated
 GDP growth of 12.3%.
 Panama benefits from the reactivation of global trade and foreign investment, given its role
 as a global maritime transportation hub, and the consequential increase in canal activity.
 in Costa Rica, six out of 15 economic sectors
 reached pre-pandemic production levels.
 Remittances have surged.
 year-in-year, 55% in El Salvador, 43% in Guatemala, and 44% in Honduras.
 annual economic growth estimated for the first two months of the second quarter was
 28.1% in El Salvador, 15.8% in Guatemala, and 28.4% in Honduras.
 and Honduras growth will be boosted, as I said before, by increases in fiscal spending
 to reconstruct damaged infrastructure after the mentioned storms.
 Finally, based on leading indicators,
 you and your economic estimated growth
 reached 15.2% in Nicaragua during the first two months of the second quarter, despite internal
 and external favorable economic conditions,
 growth in Nicaragua could be limited by the challenging political context.
 Moving on to the status of our long-relief programs.
 As of June, we had active reliefs represented approximately 11.5 percent of our total consolidated
 loan portfolio, or approximately $24.5 trillion in loans.
 In Colombia, as of June 30th, active relief amounted to $8 trillion or 5.9% of the Colombian
 loan portfolio, including $7.7 trillion in structural agreements with clients.
 In Central America, reliefs amounted to 16.5 trillion pesos, representing 20.9 percent
 of the region's portfolio.
 These reliefs in Central America were driven by Panama,
 which accounted for more than half of the region's
 active reliefs.
 Of all those in both geographies that have concluded the
 relief periods, those currently past due 90 days or more represent only 1% of our total
 consolidated loan portfolio, and those currently past due 30 days or more represent 1.8% of
 of our total consolidated loan portfolio.
 Our cost of risk as it's been booked reflects our estimation of losses related to the complete
 unwinding of these relief programs.
 We continue to execute our digital strategy in accordance with our expectations.
 Allow me to elaborate.
 As I have mentioned before, we have prioritized the transformation of our core products into
 digital solutions and the digitalizations of core processes in our backs.
 We believe that both those efforts will yield additional net income via additional sales
 revenues and cost savings.
 We have successfully concluded the digitalization of most of our retail bank products, products
 and are now in the process of rolling those out to all our banks.
 This has led us to increase our digital retail sales substantially.
 In Colombia, 60 percent of all sales of retail products for which a digitalized solution
 has been developed are currently conducted through the digital applications and 40 percent
 of those are in-to-end digital cells without human intervention.
 These sales represent almost 40 percent of our total digitalized and non-digitalized
 retail products sold.
 In Central America, approximately 25% of total sales
 ourselves and digitalized products.
 As part of our IT transformation process,
 Our digitalization effort is cloud-based, allowing us to scale up faster and cheaper
 than with traditional IT infrastructure models.
 Allow me to explain.
 First, all of our digital products
 are already 100% in the cloud or cloud-native.
 As a result, we do not need to further invest to migrate the infrastructure of our digital
 products to the cloud because we're already there.
 Secondly, our centralized data platforms in our digital labs such as Augusta and Mathilde
 are also in the cloud, allowing us to be more efficient in our processes, reduce operational
 costs and increase our client penetration.
 The building is a marketing platform which has allowed us to acquire new digital clients
 at what we currently believe is the lowest acquisition cost in the market.
 capabilities of our data platform, Augusta,
 which has allowed us to improve our cost of client acquisition
 cross-selling, customer retention, and risk mitigation, among others, through advanced
 analytical models.
 As of June 2021, our active digital clients totaled $5.2 million, increasing approximately
 31% in the last 12 months.
 Even though adding active digital clients is a necessary step for digital transformation,
 Obtaining long-term sustainable value as a result of this effort is the primary objective.
 of digital clients have led us to be watchful of what we have denominated net loss growth
 associated with one transaction users or those that lack potential to be monetized.
 Colombia, a country with very strict usury rate restrictions, transactional
 platforms with low or no fees will find it difficult to sell profitable banking products
 regardless of the number of digital customers.
 We have been working in alternative ways
 to acquire new digital clients that meet our profitability criteria, leveraging ecosystems
 that provide services that are valuable to our clients,
 and we're a profitable product of our banks,
 are part of the solution.
 Among those, first, in Colombia, our digital labs have been working to redesign popular
 existing websites such as Carroyá, Metro cuadrado, and el empleo.com and to add to
 those ecosystem, including banking digital products, to further our goal of adding profitability
 the digital growth.
 Being part of these ecosystems afford our banks the opportunity to increase digital
 clients through auto loans, mortgages, payroll loans, and other products.
 These ecosystems currently serve over 10 million users.
 In Central America, we recently launched Cache with a case, a transactional app available
 across the region that already has 100,000 digital clients, 70 percent of which are not
 back clients with more than 350,000 transactions to date.
 soon.
 The family remittances will be available through our Cache App.
 This will allow us not only to acquire at least 500,000 additional profitable digital
 clients by year end, but also to increase our remittances fee income and to make our
 app profitable.
 Finally, in Colombia, we're improving our digital channels
 to better fit our customers' needs.
 Banco Popular launched recently.
 its banking app.
 at the beginning of the year,
 And we expect Banco de Occidente and Banco Abevillas
 to launch their new apps in the next couple of months.
 These apps have a more modern, intuitive, and security
 sign that will contribute to a better customer experience.
 In Central America, our focus has been primarily on customer service.
 In 2021, 54% of client interactions
 have been conducted through digital channels
 and 46% through our call centers and others.
 Customers have quickly adopted the mobile channel
 as a preferred means to make the request.
 Almost 20% of those queries are picked up and handled by chatbots and resolved without
 human intervention.
 To finish, regarding our financial results, Diego will refer next in detail to our financial
 performance during the second quarter of 2021.
 However, I want me to highlight the following.
 To start with, Grupa Al-Registered its best results ever for a quarter with a achievable
 net income of approximately $950 billion, while it's attributable net income for the
 the first half of 2021 was 1.74 trillion pesos.
 This resulted in a return on average equity
 for the quarter of 18.2% and of 16.7% during the semester.
 Among the principal reasons for these results, I would include the following.
 First,
 2021 has been a year with excellent results in the pure banking business where we have
 We have been able to defend our intermediation spread mainly through pricing discipline while
 successfully growing our loan book. Our loan portfolio has been behaving better
 than expected, resulting in better costs of risk.
 In fact, cost of risk has moved to new pre-pandemic levels.
 Thirdly, we have benefited from a well-structured fixed income portfolio in terms of direct
 Fourthly, our non-financial sector was able to quickly regain momentum and return to pre-pandemic
 activity within a very short period, resulting in the recovery of significant income contribution
 into our bottom line.
 Next, our pension fund manager has been successful
 in defending its market leadership, in managing costs,
 and in obtaining healthy yields from the portfolios
 administers.
 Lastly, throughout all our companies, we continue to stress the importance of a cost-containment
 and or cost reduction culture.
 I do thank you for your attention, and now I'll pass on the presentation to Diego, who
 will explain in detail our business results. You have a good day.
 Thank you, Luis Carlos.
 I will now move to the consolidated results
 of Group AWAL under IFRS.
 before covering the following pages,
 Bear in mind that as of June, 2021,
 MFG no longer affects the comparison of our volumes
 relative to a year earlier.
 given that its acquisition was completed on May 2020.
 However, the year on year comparisons of our PNL lines
 are still affected, given that the second quarter of 2020
 only included one month of MFG's operations.
 Now starting on page 9. Our assets grew 2.2 percent over the quarter and 3.4 percent year-on-year.
 year.
 growth, continuous strengthening, recording 2.3% increase during the quarter and 3.4%
 year-on-year. Well, Central American assets recorded a 0.1% quarterly and a 3.6% year-on-year
 growth in dollar terms.
 Quarterly depreciation of 1.9% and a 12-month appreciation of 0.2% take quarterly and annual
 growths in pesos of Central America to 2 percent and 3.4 percent respectively.
 The share of Central America in her book remained at 36%.
 Moving to page 10, loan growth continued to show a positive trend that now includes a rebound in
 in Central America. In Colombia, the stain growth of high-quality retail lending products
 was partially dampened by a serious sluggish growth of commercial loans.
 The social unrest experienced during April and May in Colombia temporarily held back
 loan and routination.
 Our total loans grew 2.1% of the quarter
 and 2.2% here and here.
 Aluminum gross loan portfolio increased 1% during the quarter, slightly slower than the
 quarter earlier, while 12-month growth was one-and-a-half percent.
 Demand of consumer loans remain high in Colombia, resulting in a 1.7% increase during the quarter
 and 11.3% year-on-year.
 Competition remains high in low-risk products such as payroll loans.
 However, as a new development,
 Unsecured products have started to regain traction
 over the past couple of months.
 This may signal an increase in the risk appetite of banks.
 per lending that accounts for 61% of our Colombian consumer portfolio,
 with 3.1% of the quarter and 21.3% year-on-year.
 Contrast, although performing better than a quarter area.
 Credit cards contracted 1.6% and personal loans remain relatively stable.
 These products account for 12 percent and 20 percent of our Colombian consumer portfolio
 As seen in other secured retail products in Colombia, mortgages remain dynamic, expanding
 and 3.1% of the quarter and 12% here and here.
 Our Colombian corporate portfolio continued its mild recovery, growing at a still shy
 0.4 percent.
 Your growth versus that of our peers continues to benefit by our pricing discipline where
 So we privilege profitable customer relationships
 over market share.
 Humidity of 12 month growth was negative at minus 4.4%
 with a skill-high comparison base a year ago.
 Moving to Central America, our gross loan portfolio increased 2 percent of the quarter
 and 3.6% year on year in dollar terms.
 quarterly performance in Central America.
 strongest since fourth quarter 2019 was driven by a 2.9% growth of consumer loans.
 This performance resulted from a 4.4 growth in credit cards and a 1.3 percent growth in payroll loans.
 Early growth in credit cards took the year-on-year growth to 5.8 percent, the first positive
 figure in second quarter 2020.
 loans and mortgages grew 1.7% and 1.1% respectively during the quarter in Central America.
 Looking forward, fundamentals for long-growth continues to strengthen in both geographies.
 We expect commercial loan growth to be supported by improvement in economic activity and business
 the retail lending front, we expect that the improvements in employment outlook will continue
 to allow and increase in our banks risk-capitizing products that were de-emphasized during the
 I'll see you next time.
 And pages 11 and 12, we present several loan portfolio quality ratios.
 The COVID-19 red juncture continued unwinding favorably
 for our banks during the second quarter,
 driven by a stronger and faster recovery
 in both economies than initially forecasted.
 that has translated into a better evolution of release
 and a stronger performance of the rest of our portfolio.
 This has resulted in a lower cost of risk than initially forecasted.
 loan reliefs continue to expire and return to active payment schedules.
 As expected, these loans have higher delinquency ratios
 than the average.
 In contrast, the remainder of our loan portfolio,
 88.5 percent continues to improve in line with a stronger economy, upsetting the burden
 of the renewed loans.
 As of June 30, we had 3% of our total gross loans under payment holidays and 8.5% under
 structural payment programs, together accounting for 11.5 percent of our loan portfolio.
 In Colombia, 5.9 percent of our payments are paid by the government.
 percent of our loans have some type of relief. Only 0.2 percent of our Colombian gross loans
 are skilled underpayment holidays. The remaining reliefs are under structural
 payment products.
 In Central America, 20.9% of our loans still have some type of relief, with 7.8% of those
 loans under payment holidays, and 13.2% under structural payment programs.
 holidays persist mainly in Panama that account for 94 percent of those in the region. At
 At the end of the period, 4.2 percent of our total loans that in the past have benefited
 either from payment holidays or were restructured and that had returned to active payment schedules
 were passed to more than 90 days.
 These past year loans represent 1% of our total gross loans.
 These numbers were 7.3% and 1.8% for loans,
 past two more than 30 days.
 In Colombia, 5.7 percent of loans previously relieved that had resumed active payment
 schedules were 90 days past 2, representing 1.1% of gross loans.
 For 30 days, past due loans, these numbers were 9.3 percent and 1.8 percent.
 In Central America, 2.6 percent of loans previously relieved that had returned to active payments
 cables were 90 days past due, representing 0.9% of gross loans.
 For 30 days, PDLs, these numbers were 5.3% and 1.8%.
 As mentioned before, the curation in relief loans
 was partially upset by the improvement
 of the rest of our loan portfolio.
 This resulted in the overall metrics for 30 days and 98 PELs remaining relatively stable
 during the quarter, her lounge coverage of 30 days and 90 days per day remains flat as
 as well as are over the quarter.
 the ratio of charge-offs to average 98 PdL stood at pre-COVID levels.
 Regarding 30 APL formation, 76% was explained by retail products with credit cards and personal
 installment loans contributing 28 and 20% of PDL formation respectively, despite
 representing only 8% or 5% of our gross loans. This behavior was mainly driven by relief
 loans that became the link.
 The quality of our loan portfolio was materially stable,
 quarter-on-quarter at 4.76% on 38 basis and 3.42% at 98 PDL basis.
 With 30 day and 90 day PDL, sorry, our 30 day and 90 day PDL were 71 and 42 basis points
 higher than those a year earlier.
 Composition of our loan portfolio in term of stages shows an improvement in the share
 of stage one loans compensated by a decrease in stage two loans.
 as anticipated, part of the Stage 2 loans migrated to Stage 3.
 This improvement was mainly driven by our consumer loan portfolio
 in both geographies, which recorded a 146 basis points increase in the SHERA Stage 1 loans
 and a 155 basis points decrease in stage two.
 coverage of each stage remains relatively stable compared to a quarter area.
 of risk net of recoveries was 2%, 23 basis points lower than the 2.2% in the previous
 quarter and 111 basis points lower than the 3.1 percent a year earlier the
 The quarterly improvement incorporates 58 basis points decrease in retail loans and a five
 basis points increase in commercial loans.
 Quarterly cost of risk improved by 34 basis points in Colombia and four basis points in
 in Central America.
 In Colombia, the cost of risk of retail loans improved at 84 basis points while that for
 commercial loans remain stable. In Central America, the cost of risk of retail loans
 12.2 basis points and increased 17 basis points for commercial loans.
 On page 13, we present funding and the past evolution.
 Funding growth during the...
 continue to reflect a high-liquidity environment or deposits to net loans
 And our cash-to-deposit ratio remains stable over the quarter at 110% and 15.8% perspectives.
 funding structure remain materially unchanged with deposits accounting for 78% of total
 funding.
 Deposits increased 1.7% during the quarter and 6.4% year-on-year.
 Colombia grew 1.4 percent during the quarter while Central America grew 0.2 percent in
 dollar terms.
 The 12-month period, Colombia grew 3.3 percent and Central America 11.6 percent in dollar
 terms and what growth of deposits above that of loans reflects a conservative liquidity
 Please stand in your seats.
 particularly in Central America.
 On page 14, we present the evolution of our total capitalization, our actual shareholders'
 equity and the capital adequacy ratios of our banks.
 Fall equity grew 5% over the quarter and 8.2% year on year.
 while our accrual equity increased 5.3% and 7.6% respectively, mainly driven by our earnings.
 Solvency ratios on their basis remain relatively stable as net income provides that support
 for risk-weighted assets growth over the quarter.
 On page 15, we present our Yildan loans, cost of funds, spread, and NIMM, NIMM performance
 the quarter was driven by a stable Niman loans and an improvement of Niman investments.
 Niman loans remained at 5.8 percent during the quarter as a spread between Yildag and
 loans and cost of funds remained flat at 6%.
 yield and loans continue to keep decreasing.
 And however, it was compensated by a similar decrease in cost of funds.
 And my investments was 1.4% during the quarter,
 returning to positive ground from the minus 0.4% recorded last quarter.
 excess liquidity associated with the prudent liquidity standards continue to weigh on our
 name.
 On page 16, we present net fees and other income.
 On this page and the following, we will present several PNL lines and metrics.
 Please bear in mind that two factors limit the comparability of our results here and here.
 a low base line, considering that the strongest effect of the pandemic and commercial activity
 was suffered during that quarter. And second, only one month of MFD operations was part
 of our second quarter 2020 PNL.
 Now, moving to the content of this page.
 First, I'm going to show you the content of this page.
 gross fee income increased 8.7% year-on-year, while quarterly year-on-year growth was 17.9%.
 gross fees fell 3.6% during the quarter affected by a temporary cost in recovery associated
 with the demonstrations held in Colombia during April and May.
 In addition, performance-based pension management fees in Colombia and bank assurance-related
 expenses in Central America affected this quarter's performance.
 from the non-financial sector reflects the strong performance of the infrastructure and
 energy and gas sectors.
 In the infrastructure sector, Rusev-
 in 0.5% of the quarter mainly due to a strong performance in the construction of some of
 programs.
 First half-
 contribution from the infrastructure sector grew 48%
 year on year.
 early income from infrastructure was 3.8 times that a year earlier, when the spring didn't
 lockdowns experience, March to May, halted construction. The energy and gas sector contribution
 increased 14 percent over the quarter due to positive results in gas distribution and
 pipeline construction. First, having come from the energy and gas sector grew 60 percent
 year-on-year, while quarterly income was 2.1 times compared to a year earlier, when a decrease
 in industrial gas, dismantling the lockdowns affected our results.
 At the bottom of the page, the quarterly decrease in other income is explained by lower contribution
 of...
 of OCI realization of fair value fixed income portfolios.
 and by a seasonally high income from decisions during the first quarter.
 On page 17, we present some efficiency ratios.
 First half, other expenses increased 2.4% year on year while quarterly expenses grew 4.5%
 You're on here.
 year-to-date expenses, group 0.6% in Colombia,
 and fell 0.2% in dollar terms in Central America,
 excluding the effect of MFG.
 Partly expenses increased year on year 3.3% in Colombia and 6.7% in dollar terms in Central
 America excluding the effect of MLG. Compared to first quarter, all your expenses increased
 6.1% with Colombia growing at 6.8% and Central America growing at 1.3% in dollar terms.
 In addition to an increase in cost associated with higher activity, this quarter included
 provisions of the remaining 50% of the penalty imposed to Corticolombiana by the Colombian
 superintendency of industry and commerce in relationship to the concessional
 area route also does investigation. Compared to a year earlier, cost-to-assets remain
 stable at 3.2 percent and improved 45 percent down from 51.3 percent on a
 cost-to-income basis.
 Finally, on page 18, we present our Net Income and Profitability Ratios.
 A three to go net income for second quarter 2021 was $950 billion, Colombian pesos or
 42.6 pesos per share. It's best result ever for a quarter. This result was 19.9% higher
 than the previous quarter and 2.9 times that a year earlier.
 Our return on average assets for the quarter was 2% and 1.9% year-to-date.
 return on average equity for the quarter was 18.2 percent and 16.7 percent year-to-date.
 I will summarize our guidance for 2020.
 expect loan growth to be in the 9% to 10% area.
 interest margin and loans to be 5.8 and total net interest margin to be in the 4.8 to 5 percent
 range.
 cost of risk to be in the 2.1 to 2.2 percent range.
 Net fees to grow in the 8% area or non-financial sector to grow in the 5% area.
 growth to be in the 4% area and return an average equity to be in the 15 to 15.5%
 percent range.
 We are now available.
 available to address your questions.
 Thank you.
 If you have a question, please press star then 1 on your touchtone phone.
 If you wish to be removed from the queue, please press the pound sign or the hash key.
 If you're using a speaker phone, you may need to pick up the headset first before pressing
 the numbers.
 Once again, it's
 If you have a question, please press star then one on your touchtone phone.
 And our first...
 The first question comes from Sebastian Gallego from Credit Corporate Capital, please go ahead.
 Good morning. Thank you for the presentation and congratulations on very strong results.
 I have several questions today.
 First of all, you just mentioned, Mr. Diego mentioned, an ROE guidance of 15 to 15.5 percent
 in 2021. Can you discuss on how sustainable this type of returns are going into 2022 and
 on a long-term sustainability basis.
 Second, it caught my attention Mr. Luis Carlos comments on the potential competition on
 digital platforms and how those platforms could have trouble monetizing the, I mean,
 their users, can you discuss a little bit more the competitive environment on that
 And why are you so confident that other players may not be able to monetize those users?
 And finally, if you could provide an outlook for long growth, breaking down the region
 and breaking down per segments given the 9% to 10% guidance.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, let me start with your question number 11 on digital.
 What I meant is the following.
 We see around the region with platforms, fintech platforms that have been able to churn in
 net income is basically the not charging fees, but charging substantial interest rates in
 in one way or another.
 In Colombia, as I said, it's a little bit more complicated because we have very strict
 user rate regulation.
 So here, when you bring on digital clients,
 you have to consider
 how you're going to monetize them.
 And you can massively increase your digital clients in those sort of platforms, but in
 In that massification, you acquire a lot of digital clients that will probably not transact
 too much, like for example, clients that just become so to receive subsidies from the government
 For other types of clients that will probably not be subject to becoming debtors via loans,
 It might be a little bit harder to monetize them, so I don't have the solution and I am
 I'm sure that everybody who is coming up with a digital platform has thought about this.
 And obviously, most of it is going to depend on what your cost of funds is if you are planning
 to taking funds to then try to make those customers into borrowers.
 It also depends on your cost structure and obviously some of these fintechs which are
 starting from the beginning as solely digital platforms with no legacy of other types of
 costs have an easier time of keeping costs down.
 All that I'm saying is, in our case, when we think about massification of digital clients,
 We always think in terms of what's that going to produce with respect to net income for
 a company.
 So, in that respect, we usually say, let's start with those actions that we know are
 are going to result in valuation, and valuation be additional net income, because as you know,
 We are basically valued based on a price-to-earnings ratio.
 And so we have...
 to produce the earnings.
 And that's why we're saying in our strategy, we first decided we would put a lot of emphasis
 and being able to offer our own legacy products
 in a digital manner so that new clients
 could acquire them that way.
 And secondly, we've been going through this digitalization
 up processes and operations in the banks, and that has resulted in cost savings.
 We will obviously not discard in any shape the idea of massifying digital clients, but
 We have to make sure that those clients have some future in terms of producing additional
 revenues for the company.
 So, that's what I was referring to when I talked about our digital strategy.
 And moving to your guidance questions regarding return on equity, even though we're not giving
 guidance on 2020 to on this call just to give you a framework to think around it.
 We have a few things that are still to continue improving into the future, particularly cost
 of risk still has room to improve throughout the year and into next year.
 has been part of what has helped us in sustaining our stronger results than market, and we expect
 to continue seeing that improvement into the future.
 The other part that will be helping us as well is all that that is related to increased
 macro activity in Colombia regarding stronger growth, regarding increases in rates as you
 You know, for banks, a slight increase in rates is always a positive increase in fee
 income associated with activity.
 what could dampen the kind of positive numbers
 that I'm pointing into.
 It is the tax reform.
 It is building in what comes out from battery form is still to be seen at this point with
 the tax reform that is currently in Congress, the numbers might not change substantially
 compared to this year, but the expectation of having lower taxes into the future somehow
 has faded away. So, we have a combination of improvement on the operational front and
 And then almost on the last line, we have the impact of taxes.
 That's a long way to tell you that, even though we are not giving guidance, this kind of
 of numbers are numbers that we could expect to continue seeing into the future.
 regarding the breakdown of what is not going to happen with loan growth as
 As mentioned, we have a much better performance
 from the growth perspective on the consumer front,
 We could expect to see something in the 12% to 14% area growth and on the commercial
 front, it should be somewhere between 6 and 7%.
 If you break down that by regions, Colombia should be in the 6% to 8% higher growth and
 Central America should be at a similar rate if you look at it in dollar terms but you have
 to building that we have already run through around an 11 percent depreciation, I mean
 not as up to date, but up to the numbers that we believe could be numbers at end of year,
 So that will help and that will propel what is happening with Central America.
 Our next question comes from Adriana DeLosada.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, and congratulations on the results.
 if you can help us have a better sense of the income growth I know in the quarter there were
 There's slight impact from the focus, but if you can help us with that, it would be
 great.
 I'm sorry, were you referring to fee income or to income growth?
 I didn't hear you properly.
 Well, it could be talking about normalized levels of growth, but it's, you know, how
 however you think is best to formulate it.
 OK.
 Regarding the loan side, I just mentioned it before,
 As volume-wise, we have the dynamics I just covered when referring to Sebastian's question.
 We're actually moving into a better ground for martins given that we expect to see the
 central bank increasing rates and the fees side we mentioned we are slightly
 short from long growth, because long growth is starting to come stronger, therefore, if
 If loans are growing in the 9% to 10% area, we could see a couple of percentage points
 below that on the piece side.
 A piece still has some room to increase, particularly for two reasons.
 Number one, on the pension side, we had some impact during this quarter of a volatility
 that implied that some of our fees that are related to our profitability and the funds
 was affected.
 Bear in mind that there's a lack between how we get those into our PNL and how they happen
 in the market because we charge fees after returns have been obtained.
 So we are, we have some delay there.
 But then, and I would say the main driver
 will be economic activity.
 We're seeing a strong pickup.
 We're seeing a pick up in products that are very rich in fees such as credit cards and
 other consumer products that in the past we had de-emphasized and at this point we're
 We're ready to start to open our risk appetite.
 So that will come with these as well.
 I know if I covered what you were referring to, but those are the main drivers.
 Thank you.
 And as a reminder, if you have a question, please press THR than 1 on your touchtone
 phone.
 Our next question comes from Brian Flores from ASA Investment.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you for the opportunity to ask a question.
 And can you please confirm what was the guided series for cost of risk and then I'll give
 you a second question. Thank you.
 Okay. Regarding cost of
 ...
 risk you might have noticed that we lowered our guidance we had previously given. Initially
 We started out with two and a half lower that to two point three to two point four and this time around
 we're lowering it to 2.1 to 2.2 percent. The reason for that is we're seeing a much better performance
 on our loan portfolio, particularly on the retail side, and then given the much stronger
 economy that we're looking into in Colombia and Central America, the remainder of the
 portfolio beyond what was benefited from relief is also performing much better, so that's
 the reason we're doing that.
 something there that we're still holding back from being more aggressive
 is a provision in Central America, particularly in Panama,
 that they are later in the process of finishing reliefs.
 In that sense of that, we might have had positive bias on the numbers that I mentioned.
 My second question would be on 2022.
 I know it's still a bit early, but we're getting closer to it.
 So just thinking about your guidance.
 If you have any idea of how any of these lines
 would look like and what are you aiming for in terms of sustainable ROE.
 Thank you very much.
 I would prefer to stick to the answer to Sebastian regarding guidance on what to expect on ROE
 At this point, I would say we would be very happy to be able to transfer our optimism
 on the economy and performance into guidance, but we prefer to be prudent at this point.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Yudi Fernandez from JP Morgan.
 Hi all, first congrats on the results.
 Have a very good quarter.
 I have a question on margins.
 actually on the liability side I guess we are seeing long book accelerated in
 in Colombia, right?
 But my question is regarding the funding.
 Do you think you'll be able to keep growing deposits
 at a healthy pace?
 because over the last one, two years,
 we saw you and Colombian banks in general
 having a very good funding structure, right?
 like demand deposits growing, the flooding cost coming down.
 So my question is, should we see an inflection point
 for funding cost, and we start to see funding cost
 It's likely moving up.
 and how that could affect the margin,
 because that could be negative if that's correct,
 if that assumption that maybe funding cost will be higher,
 that can paralyze a little bit the needs.
 But on the other hand, maybe stage three laws will peak
 and that will help a little bit.
 to have the higher rates in Columbus.
 I guess the bottom line here is what should we expect from our names in the coming quarters for you.
 Thank you.
 Yeah a
 I'm going to give you first the short answer, and then I can go into detail.
 The short answer is deposit growth.
 we should expect to continue sustaining that.
 However, I mentioned, somehow, or I hinted twice,
 that we've had excess liquidity
 that have been a burden on our net interest market.
 that's been a prudent way to manage it,
 particularly in Central America where there's no central banks.
 with taking excess deposits to what would be the normal way
 to run the back.
 So a deposit growth, we will have at least some time
 where we have the leisure of having excess deposits
 so we can be picky on prices
 and that will help us over several quarters.
 Regarding margins, we suffer when rates come down,
 Particularly those from the central bank and we benefit when those go up something that we have already started to feel is that the
 The IVR from that basically is the interbanking rate in Colombia has already started to pick
 up reflecting expectations on the increase of profits.
 If you recall, what we have in our commercial portfolio in Colombia is substantially a
 floating loans based on IVR. So we've started to feel that already benefiting us and expect
 to see that in the future.
 Then the other side of deposits is a retail franchise, where those deposits are not as
 elastic to what is happening with the cellful tank and that's the main source of improvement
 in margin when rates go up.
 go up. There's two different types of cycles, some cycles where rates are going up because
 risk is going up, therefore, the cost of risk is built into the pricing of the banks.
 However, this time around, we're looking into a cycle where rates are going up with
 than improvement in cost of risk.
 So I would say that we'll be benefiting our margins
 And more so, are margins after cost of risk?
 If I may ask just a quick follow-up. Do have a sensitivity on rates that you can provide like if there is I know it's not
 the main is not the reference rate but just as a prox like if the rates move up
 What should we see for your games?
 Well, yeah, you have to build in cost of risk into that.
 In the past, we used to disclose some sort of sensitivity around the 20 basis points
 or the $0.20 per dollar kind of sensitivity, but that was pure interest rate sensitivity.
 However, pricing has become growingly intelligent.
 in Colombia, and you have to build in as well the cost of risking to those.
 So that has made a difference, and perhaps that was what I was pointing out before, and
 It says cycles where year is seeing increases in rates combined with improvement in cost
 of risk are perhaps the most positive and most sensitive or elastic cycles to interest
 rate.
 However, we have to do that because of that last factor, and it depends very much on the
 speed at which the RISP premiums are built into pricing.
 perfect. Thank you and again congrats on the quarter. And our next question comes from
 I'm Julio Alsticke from the VVN app.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi everyone, and first of all, congratulations for the results.
 I would like to know if you can give us a little bit more color of your
 expectation for the second half of 2020, like you think the earnings is going to behave
 are going to behave the same as the first half of the year.
 and also I would like to know if you can give us
 a little bit more color about what is your expectation on long growth, like if you can
 and give us, like, if the consumption, the consumer, the more catch segments, how they
 will grow if you have this detail.
 Thank you
 I think we covered many of the guidance for 20, by the way, not 20-20, but 20-21, incorporates
 but it's gonna happen over the second half of the year.
 We are quite positive on how the second half of the year will behave, as I mentioned, still
 prudent on the cost of risk side. That's the reason why we're guiding into 15 to 15.5%
 for the year, in spite of having already overperformed those numbers.
 So we are prudent on that side, because the cycle is not over yet, but we are quite positive
 on the poor banking side of how things are behaving.
 and regarding a long road just to
 to repeat what I answered Sebastian at the beginning and we're looking into commercial
 lending growing somewhere in the 6% to 8% area and the consumer side, the retail side
 growing more in the 12 to 14 percent area.
 Perfect.
 comes from Andres Toto from Santander.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning and thank you for the presentation.
 My question is related to expenses.
 when I compare expenses this quarter
 with the second quarter of 2018, there is a 14% growth,
 Obviously, you have inorganic growth in the middle,
 but still you have a real expense growth over that period.
 that period.
 So I would like to understand if there is any strategy to achieve efficiency in the past,
 You mentioned that this could be one of the opportunities that the digital transformation
 could bring to a group of out to be a backhand integration of the different brands.
 So I would like to understand your thoughts about your extensive performance.
 Well, I will start first with the quantitative discussion here.
 And then we can move into the more strategic one regarding expense growth.
 I would say 19 is also a tricky year.
 it's a quick year because we had a cost growth throughout the year.
 It was also affected by a depreciation of the U.S. daughter and therefore we saw some
 effect coming from Central America that started to weigh much more in our costs and also had
 the conversion. The numbers when you run them, fx impact are more positive than what you're
 looking into and I think that's perhaps the way to look at those then you're
 You're absolutely right.
 The MFTA acquisition also has some impact there because we're talking of a larger bank, therefore
 perhaps the best way to look at it is more on the cost-to-assets or cost-to-income base
 to try to have that.
 Having said so, part of what are the positive takeaways from the pandemic is we had to go back
 and rethink a lot of the costs that we had.
 The digital front that you rightly mentioned is something that has allowed us to bring
 costs down, but we have a lot of work still to do and the pandemic evidence that we have
 still a lot of potential to improve costs.
 So we will continue working on that.
 And the mandate for banks is basically on those lines.
 Digital helps as an enabler to lower costs and that's part of what we've been using.
 Okay. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 I will now return the call to Mr. Sarmiento for closing remarks.
 And thank you very much.
 I thank you for everybody's questions.
 Thank you for the attendance.
 We hope to keep delivering and we hope to start giving guidance for 2022 in our next
 call. Other than that, just hope to see you. Hope all of you can attend next call as well.
 Thank you, Jenny, and thank you, everybody else.
 This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.