 You pull high.
 Hi Rajesh.
 How are you? Welcome again. Good to see you.
 Thank you. Thank you.
 I guess Sanjay is gone. Ruchi. Hi Ruchi. Are you still there?
 How are you?
 Good, good.
 Thank you.
 Good, good, good, thanks.
 So we will have moderator joining us, right?
 Thank you for watching.
 Oh, you will be moderating sir.
 rating yes sir oh so we didn't take that we didn't take that the regular one that we
 use too.
 No, it's a
 last two times you're using webinar and Jonathan used to monitor it. So as Jonathan is not
 I'm going to monitor so whoever raises question on our analyst list, I'll make them unmute
 and they can ask.
 Thank you, Rajesh.
 Well, yeah, we're just going to leave you to it.
 Okay, you know, with cap and mask, I can't recognize you clearly.
 clearly so and and how about the inbound traffic then you will be trickling them in right yes
 Come in for calls and all.
 Yes sir.
 All right, okay
 Okay, so then that's fine then people join and then we just so then you will have to just keep guiding us
 how do we go about it right?
 Sure, I just let you know about who all are asking questions and you just unmute them.
 Yeah, that is later, but when we have to start, you know, so you basically then open it for us and then we can start, right?
 I think Vipul has to start, he's got the script, he will start with introduction and everything that Jonathan used to say, and then he will transfer it to the human.
 that I know but I mean typically moderator would say okay now it's time because we've
 got these people you will get a sense of how many have joined etc right yeah
 Brocks 13 as of now.
 13 already joined, no?
 fair enough so we can wait and then we can just go live so go live signal will
 Will you give us?
 Okay.
 Okay, if you say so.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Otherwise, how would we know?
 I mean, how would we put no moment to start?
 Okay, sure, sure, sure.
 Right.
 just because it's seven minutes to six right now.
 now. So, let's just see how many, can you read out the names? Who all have joined?
 uh show
 Brian, Dushant, Gauravitaria, Jane, Janinder, Nikhil, Ratna,
 Sam Sanjay sorry just Rajesh we are already live actually whoever has joined can hear us
 So we will just start at 6, so there is no separate go live, we will just start at 6.
 All right.
 Then we can start at 6, okay, then I am going to go mute for now, all right?
 Yeah, something
 Bye folks
 Hi, everyone.
 Hi, Deep.
 How are you?
 Welcome.
 Thank you.
 we are already live, we will just start at 6 o'clock. Thank you.
 Hi everyone.
 Can you change this audible?
 Yeah, yeah, we can hear you, but we are right now live, so I guess we'll just just start at 6.
 Thanks.
 Sounds good.
 Are you in office, guys?
 No, no. It almost looks like...
 Yeah, yeah, this is the background
 Hmm
 Hello everyone, we are starting the earning call now, I would like to now turn the call
 over to Vipul, please. Thank you, Ruchi. Hello, everyone. I'm Vipul Garg, Vice President
 the industry relations that make my trip limited.
 and welcome to our fiscal year 2022 third quarter earnings
 webinar. Today's event will be hosted by Deep Kaldra, our company's founder and group
 executive chairman. Joining him is Rajesh Mago, our co-founder and group chief executive
 officer and Mohit Kabra, our group chief financial officer. As a reminder, this live event is
 being recorded and recorded by the company and will be made recording in progress and
 will be made available for replay on our IR website shortly after today's session.
 At the end of this, these prepared remarks, we will also be hosting a Q&A session.
 Furthermore, certain statements made during today's event may be considered forward-looking
 in statements within the meaning of safe harbor provision of U.S. private securities litigation
 Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance are subject
 to inherent uncertainties and actual results may differ materially.
 forward looking information relayed during this event speaks only as of this date and
 company undertakes no obligation to update the information to reflect the change circumstances.
 Additional information concerning these statements are contained in the risk factors and forward
 Looking Statements section of the company's annual report on Form 20F filed with the SEC on July 13,
 in 2021.
 copies of these filings are available from the SEC or from Companies Invested Relations
 department. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Deep. Over to you Deep.
 Thank you, Vopil.
 Welcome everybody to our third quarter earnings call
 still 2022.
 I sincerely hope everyone joining us today is keeping safe and healthy.
 Let me start by giving a quick update on the COVID situation in the country.
 India, like other countries in the world, is going through another surge driven by the
 Omicron variant.
 This wave started in December 2021, and while the positivity rate continues to remain high,
 India's vaccination coverage gives hope and assurance that the severity of infections
 this time around will remain low.
 It is definitely reassuring to see that the country's cumulative vaccination coverage
 has crossed 1.6 billion doses, with over 72 per cent of India's adult population being
 fully vaccinated.
 Around 52% of children in the 15 to 18 years old age group have also been inoculated with
 the first dose of the vaccine.
 Going by predictions of health experts,
 India should soon start seeing decline in the number of daily new infections.
 infections. Travel in India, much like other countries, also slowed down with the onset
 of the Omicron wave. I'll beat with relatively lower travel restrictions than the previous
 waves. As the severity remains low, the country continued to see domestic travel being undertaken
 and in the form of essential travel, but with caution.
 leisure travel has understandably taken a backseat temporarily.
 That said, overall travel sentiment remains moderately high, with people waiting for the
 to hit the road again as the situation begins to ease out in the coming months.
 During the reported third quarter of financial year 2022, domestic travel witnessed a strong
 recovery riding on the back of pent-up demand, further fuelled by festival travel and winter
 holiday season.
 Unfortunately, as Omicron began to spread in December, we saw demand for leisure travel
 sliding down towards the end of the quarter, although broad travel sentiment remained considerably
 high during the quarter.
 As a result, the good news coming out from the reported quarter
 is that we recorded our best adjusted operating profit during the pandemic.
 The past two years have been tough, but the silver lining is that similar to global trends,
 India has gained momentum in becoming a truly digital economy, with significant improvement
 and online buying behavior.
 Studies indicate that e-commerce in India has seen tremendous growth across the country
 during the last two years. It is heartening to note that tier 2 and 3 cities in the country
 are now transacting online more than ever enthused by this new base of Internet users
 and increasing online penetration.
 We are focusing on growing the penetration of online travel bookings by making the end
 end-to-end process of planning and booking travel simple and convenient for buyers across
 tier 1, 2, 3 and the hinterland.
 This is one area where I believe we have made tremendous progress in the last quarter from
 launching the platform in Hindi language, India's largest native language, to supporting
 regional air connectivity by powering Odan or the regional flights on our platform and
 the government's air saver portal to introducing real ticket booking service on red bus with
 IRCTC and more.
 We are committed to bringing more Indians to make their first-ever travel booking online.
 We are also aggressively ramping up our efforts to build travel products
 a more inclusive and diverse.
 I must mention that along the journey of building products for all, we are also focusing on
 personalizing the experience of each user to make the booking experience more relevant
 and meaningful across all our platforms.
 forms.
 With the third wave expected to subside soon, we believe 2022 holds better prospects for
 for the entire travel and tourism industry.
 We have seen strong recovery of demand following the previous waves, giving us adequate optimism
 for a strong recovery post the Omicron wave as well.
 We also believe that with our recent investments in new platforms like mybiz, mypartner, host
 in app feature for homestay segment and others were well poised
 to tap into new demand segments.
 My optimism is further fueled by the latest developments in the U.S., U.K. and other parts
 of Europe, where restrictions have begun to gradually ease.
 We believe that the recovery and travel demand post the third wave will be led by domestic
 travel. While resumption of scheduled international flights has been postponed
 until February 22, we can expect graded opening up of destinations for Indian travellers
 in the next fiscal year.
 In the previous quarter, while only few international destinations were open for fully vaccinated
 Indian travelers.
 We observed a steady increase in bookings to destinations, including the Maldives and
 Dubai on our platform. I'm pleased to also share that recently make my trip was recognized
 is the only Indian travel company to be honored with the top producer award at travel trade
 in the modives.
 I would also like to briefly talk about our social corporate social responsibility or
 CSR initiatives and especially the ones that focus on taking care of those
 impacted due to the ongoing health crisis. As part of Make My Trip Foundation, we have
 We have launched a scholarship support program.
 for underprivileged students who unfortunately lost their parents due to COVID.
 We are also closely working with the Government of India, Ministry of Tourism and other not
 for profit organizations such as Starter Trust to boost community-based tourism and extend
 support and scaling up travel infrastructure across the country.
 With that I would request Rajesh to share highlights
 from the last one.
 Thank you deep and hello everyone as deep mentioned India like many other countries is also battling its way through the third wave.
 But thankfully, while this virus variant is highly contagious, it is less severe, with
 high rate of vaccination and less hospitalization, there is hope of this wave subsiding soon.
 While essential travel is continuing, even in the middle of this wave, our growth-oriented
 performance in the reported quarter is a strong indicator that as the situation eases, India
 will jump back to traveling for the leisure trips. We continue to stay watchful of the
 situation on a daily basis and are managing the business accordingly.
 Now let me share some highlights from the previous quarter.
 I'm happy to share that we recorded one of the most
 profitable quarters over the years.
 linked to strong business growth coming in from pent of demand.
 On gross bookings, we grow 95.1% over the same quarter
 in previous year and 58.5% over Q2 in constant currency terms.
 In our airbusiness, we continue to stay on an upward recovery trajectory following the
 momentum picked up during July to September quarter last year. The good news is that we
 We have managed to recover faster than the market in our domestic air-ticketing business,
 watching 68% year-on-year growth in passengers flown.
 Testive travel season further propelled demand with November recording highest daily segments
 during the pandemic.
 Huge surge in demand came from domestic leisure destinations that accounted for 94% in the
 increase in volume of tickets as compared to the same quarter last year.
 On the other hand, international travel demand recovery continues to be slow overall with
 the exceptions of Maldives and Dubai where we saw robust growth.
 On the product side, we launch Make My Trip Bundles, a custom fare option that allows
 customers to bundle various convenience-based offerings such as zero-cancellation, travel
 insurance, airport meals, and cabs in one gooping.
 Moving on to our hotels and packages business now our domestic hotel and packages business
 are robust quarter on quarter and year on year growth during the third quarter. We recorded
 year-on-year growth of about 125% in constant currency terms in
 in cross bookings.
 We also recorded highest check-ins during the pandemic for the Christmas weekend, although
 So the bookings had started to dip by the time as the third wave was setting in, while
 B2C platform showed solid recovery growth was also partly
 by our corporate platforms, namely MyBis, Quest to Travel, and MyPartnerB2B platform.
 I shared earlier are my partner platform aims to deliver on its promise of empowering travel agents partners with quick and easy access to our wide range of inventory across hotels and flights and more products in future.
 future. We have now ramped up to currently about 22,000 plus registered travel agents
 on my partner and we are adding around 1500 agents every month. On various segments of hotels,
 while premium hotels continue to lead recovery. Glad to share that budget to mid-segment hotels
 I have also started to see pick up in demand leading to inclusive
 equipment of all price segments of Odell discord on our home stage segments bookings
 for billers managed to surpass pre-pandemic numbers.
 On the product side, we continue to strengthen our offerings for the hotel segment.
 We have set up a website for you to get a copy of the product.
 Scaled up packages across 450 plus premium hotels and are beginning to see great traction
 on both supplier as well as consumer side.
 We have further refined the user generated content collection
 flows, mobile site, and post sales flows.
 On Go Aibo, we introduced daily steel deals to make booking through the platform more
 value driven and rewarding.
 In Q3,
 We also introduced assurance driven products to help make travel planning very free amid
 the ongoing uncertainty. These included zero cancellation fee on any last minute cancellations
 and more. On our homestays product, I'm excited to share that we recently launched the beta
 version of our in-app host feature called Become a Host.
 The feature allows accommodation owners to list their villas, apartments and other independent
 properties on the platform in just a few clicks.
 We are already seeing early wins here since it's soft launch.
 In parallel, we continue to stay focused on enhancing our products to further improve
 the booking experience.
 We have also ramped up homestays inventory further and closed the quarter with about 30,000
 properties, recording a 66% increase in supply over pre-pandemic.
 On the holiday packages side of the business, we saw two ex bookings in domestic packages
 sold when compared with same quarter in 2019. On the other side, while bookings for international
 destination's remain muted.
 Maldives, that was open for vaccinated travellers, registered 300% growth over same quarter during
 pre-COVID times on our platform.
 Now I would like to share updates on our bus ticketing business led by Redbus brand.
 This business has seen a significant quarter on quarter growth of 77% in gross bookings
 value during the quarter as the festive season added to the travel demand along with well-timed
 fuel price reductions. We saw 93% private supply and 102% regional transport cooperation
 operators supply coming back online. Apart from bringing back supply, our focus remained
 on driving personalization and customization of booking experience on the platform such
 as introduction of boarding point, dropping point feature.
 We also introduced customized nudges, persuasion triggers based on parameters such as on-time
 performance and ratings from similar cohort of travelers to help customers choose the
 right bus service. Furthermore, our Prima program for top rated sellers is taking shape
 nicely. We now have close to 1800 Primo branded buses across the length and breadth of the country.
 and this is already helping build good top-of-the-mind awareness. It is
 encouraging to note that about 85% of customers who took a Primo service say that their next
 would also be on a primobus.
 We have launched a number of new initiatives to differentiate a Primo experience, including
 a non-going Primo lounge pilot at one of the popular bus boarding point in Bangalore.
 I'm also happy to share some exciting news coming from overall ground transport business
 While make my trip and goiby book platforms have been offering rail booking services for
 We have now launched RedRail on our Redbus web platform and have plans to have a RedRail
 apps soon as well. Through RedRail, we aim to leverage the customer overlap between bus
 That's the problem.
 bus travellers on Redbus who also happened to be a part of India's large train passenger
 base. Another initiator that also kept our ground transport team busy during this period
 It is the pilot launch of ride, a network of cab franchises across the country that
 operate under rides umbrella, with superior technology at the back end, it powers all
 aspects of booking, fulfilment and travel and will help improve the reliability of
 supply. Currently, we are running a pilot in Delhi NCR and Bangalore and plan to scale
 this up in other cities in future. With these new initiatives, we hope to build on this
 strong brand and user base of Redbus to create leadership positions in ground transport categories
 other than buses in future.
 moving on to our corporate and SME travel business
 While business travel, overall saw a sluggish recovery pattern,
 But for us, the growth was robust.
 this quarter partially aided by new accounts
 acquired over the past few quarters.
 We recorded a hundred and twenty-two percent recovery in comparison to same period in fiscal
 year 1920. More than 250 key accounts, 340 SMEs were onboarded on my
 is during this quarter. On quest to travel also, we celebrated some big wins. We bagged
 accounts of 11 large groups, including Tata Capital, NICA, and K. Raheja Corporation and more.
 Now, sharing updates from some of our recent strategic initiatives, we continue to invest
 in our fintech initiative called TripMoney. After having launched successful products including
 travel loan or book now pay later and insurance offerings, we are ready to launch forex card
 on MiKmaTrip and Goaibibo.
 As international travel picks up in the coming months,
 we are confident that this card will make its way into wallets of Indian outbound travelers.
 In GCC, during the last quarter, our focus was on building supply modes and products
 for best-in-class booking experience for Indian nationals, other experts, and local
 Amirati population.
 Happy to share that there was a 96% quarter on quarter increase in new user acquisition
 in Q3, I'll be at a low base.
 Our focus will continue to remain on increasing app
 penetration in the region, considering that 93% of UAE population uses the internet on
 on a daily basis as per research estimates.
 Lastly, allow me to give a short update
 on our loyalty programs.
 To continue extending value to our loyal customers, we organized the MMT Black Fest, a sale campaign
 ran in partnership with key hotel and flight partners,
 which received positive feedback from our customers.
 Since the launch of the program, about 1,000,000 users have been added to the top tier, top
 two tiers of MMT black and 72,000 users were able to upgrade their tiers by
 by transacting for more than one lag
 across booking value on the platform.
 or go by people, loyal consumers and the go tribe,
 We further simplified the flow of drive coin or go cash redemption, helping improve usage
 by 94% in the quarter. We also launched personalized instant cashback engine on Goaibibo to reward
 consumers with instant go-cash to offer more value against a single booking.
 With this, let me now hand over the call to Mohit for financial highlights of the quarter.
 Thanks Rajesh.
 Hello everyone.
 I hope you are all staying safe and healthy.
 clear started on a positive note with customers more confident than ever to stay part of their
 homes and plan a much-needed holiday break.
 strong supply-side recovery across all travel segments, further boosted demand-side momentum
 during this high seasonality quarter. Since international travel was still restricted
 during this quarter, domestic leisure destinations in India saw major recovery before bookings
 were slightly hit in December due to the Omicron scare and the beginning of the third way of the
 the pandemic in India. Over last few updates, we have spoken about our cost of nationalization
 efforts through structural reductions in fixed costs and building efficiencies in variable
 costs like marketing and sales promotional expenses. In quarter three, we could see the
 Multiplier effect of these cost efficiencies, which aided by demand recovery, led to doubling
 of the adjusted operating profits compared to the last quarter or adjusted operating profit
 for this quarter is stood at 13.2 million dollars which is almost two times compared
 to 6.6 million in Q2 and almost 2.6 times compared to 5.2 million dollars reported in the same
 quarter last year, adjusted further for non-cash depreciation and amortization expenses, the
 The current quarters, adjusted operating cash profit, reached nearly $7.6 million, the highest
 in a quarter achieved by a still date.
 Our Q3 total gross bookings stood at $1,155.7 million, which was the highest since the
 pandemic registering a strong growth of 58.5% over the previous quarter and about 95% growth
 over same quarter last year in constant currency terms.
 moving on to our business segments, a ticketing adjusted margin stood at 52.9 million dollars
 representing 105.9% growth over same quarter year ago and 38.4% growth over the previous
 quarter in constant currency terms. We continue to be one of the most preferred
 prefer your ticketing platforms with a market share of about 30 percent in the domestic
 a ticketing business, including both the online and offline modes of booking the adjusted
 managing for our hotels and packages business increased to 54.1 million dollars during the
 quarter reported which is an increase of 117.6 percent over same quarter a year ago and 53.6
 percent increase over the adjusted margin reported in the previous quarter in constant
 As for our bus ticketing business, the insisted margin stood at over $14.1 million and represented
 a 58.4% increase over same quarter last year and a very robust 79.1% quarter on quarter
 improvement led by supply recovery in the domestic bus business our red bus brand continues
 to lead in the first inning segment in the country and in future we will be expanding
 the Redbus brand franchise to intercity cabs and rail bookings, as mentioned by Rajesh
 Aliyu.
 Lastly, the adjusted margin in other businesses was $5.9 million and increased of 44.4% over
 last year same quarter and an increase of 33.3% over the previous quarter in constant
 current state terms. Let me now share some details around the operating cost during the
 quarter. During the report at Q3, after a level of almost two years, we finally returned
 with our jo hoga hoga campaign on the make my trip brand on the Indian television.
 The campaign was targeted at boosting confidence while highlighting the convenience of the
 and flexibility offered on the MakeMetric platform.
 Goaibibu's new marketing theme,
 was centered around the brand's promise to always offer best value and value ads on travel
 bookings even with the increased brand spending of overall marketing and
 commercial expenses during the quarter stood at 5.6 percent of gross bookings marginally
 higher than the 5.4% reported in the previous quarter.
 adjusted personal cost and SGA cost for the quarter is to read about 34.7 million dollars
 compared to the pre-pandemic run rate of about 45 million dollars per quarter,
 needed by significant long term fixed cause directionalization and efficiencies in our
 customer acquisition spans built during the last six quarters under the pandemic we could
 witness the impact of scale economics filtering down to adjusted operating
 profit.
 During this quarter, we have increased our stake in quest to travel as part of the acquisition
 framework and are excited about the strong future prospects of this business which is
 directed towards facilitating travel bookings for large corporate customers.
 Within the corporate segment, we have surpassed pre-COVID levels and it remains one of the
 key demand segments for our company. Let me also give some color on a few
 non-operating PNL elements. During this quarter, we recorded a profit of about 2.5 million dollars
 from exchange of our shareholding in Insperock which was acquired by Klarna, a Swedish Pintek company.
 We have also additionally provisioned for 8.4 million dollars to fully provide for all the
 the Tribunal Awards in the ongoing litigation with the founders of the HD group on a conservative
 basis while we will continue to take all available regal remedies in the matter during the ongoing
 quarter, we continue to focus on tight cost control amid muted demand. However, with the
 reports that many of the key cities in India have already seen the peak of the third wave.
 we believe there is a good possibility of a sharp recovery in demand in the coming months.
 As Indians plan their next summer vacations, soon we will be with them with the most trusted brands
 make my trip Guaibibo and Redbus to make their travel more connected and convenient.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
 Thank you, Mohit. We are now ready for Q&A. Anyone who wants to ask a question can please
 these days their hands and the lines can be edited.
 Thank you.
 The budget wants to ask a question.
 Would you like to speak now?
 Hi.
 Hi, BG.
 Uh, sorry, can you hear me?
 digit there's echo your side
 No, I think it's better now.
 Yeah, sorry.
 My question is just from the business, now I know that international has barely recovered
 in Q3NNO, Omicron probably is a dampener for the ongoing quarter but did the domestic
 business returned to its pre-COVID levels in Q3 given that you were I think approximately 75 to 80%
 of your pre-COVID peak if I understand it right. For Q3, that is my first question.
 Yeah, hi widget. This is Rajesh. Good question. Let me just take this.
 You're right, which is, you know,
 October November December quarter the quarter that we are reporting out we did see on a run rate
 basis few days where you know actually even for air ticketing business we had seen recovery
 up to 1995% on some days as well. In fact, even for even hotel bookings, you know, as I mentioned,
 very briefly just in one line that we had seen during the pandemic record check-ins during the
 Christmas weekend as well, which was very close to the pre pandemic peak as well. So, so, you know, I
 I guess that was a good indication of overall demand sentiment improving across the board
 and recovery coming very close to as far as domestic travel is concerned you know I think
 with an exception of, I would say, business travel to an extent, leisure segment was definitely
 back you know and some you know visiting friends and relatives but in any
 case happening. So with an exception of I would say business travel, which was taking
 a little bit more time to come back. I mean, for us, it was a good story given that we
 acquired a lot of accounts, but at an overall basis business
 travel was lagging behind a little bit, but all other segments were coming very close
 to pre-pandemic level on a run rate basis. I think that will be fair to say.
 Correct.
 Thanks Rajesh.
 My second question is on the advertisement vertical, if you can give some update, because
 I think last time you guys had mentioned that you're looking to make further investments
 in that space. So any further update on that side of the business. Also, if I can add an
 additional question if you can you know just a housekeeping question if you can
 share what your senses of market sharing in the aviation business and in the bus
 track, bus ticketing business.
 Sure. Okay. Let me just take the first one first. Yeah.
 The platform that we had built, which was a third party advertisement platform, we've
 making continuous investments on that. In fact, we've been just improving the product offering
 also on that so you know more recently we have scaled up the sponsored link you know
 sort of adds that any, any partner can come in and, and, you know, advertise on our platform
 further from what it was in the last quarter in terms of just the product enhancements
 that we've been able to do and we've been continuously getting good traction from, you
 know, all our partners, especially in the, you know, on the on the hotel side, but also
 on ground transport. In some cases, even some of the airlines have been very, very interested
 in participating and advertising on our platform as well.
 So, you know, this is our long term initiative.
 We are continuously going to keep making a platform far more robust with additional features.
 So, you know, we do have plans to add, you know,
 lot more analytics as times in the in the coming quarters for our
 partners and keep making that product, you know, far more sort of attractive and robust,
 you know, from, from, you know, people who would come and advertise on our platform standpoint.
 So it's going to be a continuous sort of investment area from our point of view and like I said,
 is already giving us good traction on the number of advertisers who are increasing quarter
 Now, talking about the civil aviation market share, I think Mohit just called out as part
 of his speech, we continue to be close to about 30% of the total market, both online
 an offline put together as far as domestic ticketing business is concerned and as far
 as bus segment is concerned we continue to be the market leader I guess you know by far
 from the online booking space standpoint and and and we should have off the online booking
 space on bus, we should have, you know, close to about 65, 70% share, I would have thought.
 Thanks a lot, Rajesh. Rajesh, one final question before I jump back into the queue.
 With the cab business that you called out on-ground transport, that's part, I guess, of the bundled offering.
 I notice from the app that it's really a marketplace where you are showing availability of cars
 on range from third-party partners and stuff like that.
 Can you talk a little bit about monetization on that?
 is the commission structure like on that business with your partners and I'm assuming this will
 be housed under other revenues, right?
 Yeah, so let me just tell you a little bit more about this, you know, the whole car business that we are trying to build.
 You know, it has two sort of products out there.
 One is airport transfer, which is effectively
 and attached to a flight customer who would be at the airport
 and you would like to just come to the airport
 or go from the airport to the destination.
 And the other one is the intercity cab product.
 And I think what you were referring to was more the marketplace or, you know, a lot of
 partners who are already listed out there and the customer has the option to pick and
 choose from the car option and then and then it could be fulfilled by, you know, various
 sort of partners or the operators that we have it at the back end, which we have aggregated.
 And we had, if I miss, sort of, you know, also add here that we had mentioned it in
 the past that we had made an investment on the supply side, you know, software, where
 we were trying to just, you know, provide this, the supply side, you know, technology
 platform for the operators as well, or the cab aggregators.
 So that's one model on the intercity cab.
 What I was trying to highlight in the script early on
 was also there is one more initiative
 that we have launched.
 We are already pilot testing it out in the two markets,
 Delhi and CR and and Bangalore and that is that is called ride which is a slightly different
 model where we are signing up partners, you know, who already
 have a pool of cabs. We are, you know, sort of branding the cars on the on the road. We are,
 you know, taking better control of the inventory to improve the overall product experience,
 like the actual ride experience and trying to position it more like, you know, differentiated
 experience. So with the set of partners that we are going to have, I mean, we're calling it
 ride franchises or the partners who would work with us, the model for either the aggregator
 model or the right model is going to be the either a commission model or a revenue revenue
 share model.
 So that's really the monetization plan on that.
 But it's early days in this market, we are right now doing some strategic investments
 in this area, but we definitely see this as a very big opportunity and we are going to
 to sort of scale this up in the coming quarters.
 All right. And thank you so much. I'll just jump back into the queue. Thank you.
 Thanks for your time.
 Thank you.
 If any other participant who wishes to ask the question can please raise your hand.
 okay is because wants to ask a question because you can speak now please
 Because your line is muted, you will have to unmute and speak.
 You have to unmute please.
 The Ashwin wants to ask a question. We'll move to Ashwin.
 I just want you to ask a question, please.
 Yeah, can you, can you help me?
 Yes, please.
 Hi, thanks for the opportunity.
 So, had one question in terms of the hotels segment wherein the ATVs materially went up
 almost to the extent of 20% sequentially and there was a drop in terms of the take rates
 this quarter. So was it largely due to the skew towards the premium hotels?
 Ashwin I could take the hat you know there are two reasons clearly one you know that the excuse
 kind of, you know, being more towards, you know, the premium side of hotels and also doing this
 specific water you know the mix change was also in favor of the holiday packages so you know a lot
 What more growth is what we have seen coming through our holiday packages as customers
 have chosen the comfort of a package product instead of doing standalone bookings and since
 holiday package product is more like a slightly mutated margin business compared to hotels because
 because it's a combination of hotels as well as you know, ATKs, etc.
 Therefore, the segment kind of margins have come down a little bit, but the hotel margins
 per se, I haven't really seen any significant contraction, but for the mixed change towards
 premium. Okay and just one more in terms of the air side so domestic passenger growth if you
 look at it sequentially was up I think more than 60% but in terms of our flight segments
 there was a lag, so is it more a timing issue or what is driving that?
 Could you just repeat that sorry miss that one.
 So essentially, if you look at the domestic flight traffic in India, that was up almost
 60% sequentially in this water, wherein for us the flight segment growth was a tad lower.
 So is it more to do with the timing?
 are yes absolutely you know you've got it right you know what DGCA reports is you know flown
 passengers what we report is booked passengers and therefore you know you
 you will see a little bit of a, you know, difference across quarters based on the emerging
 trends on, you know, boot versus flown.
 Thanks Moit, thanks and all the best.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 I think we have a question on chat as well.
 maybe we can take that because I think sort of so Mike is not
 is not able to speak. So maybe very quickly before we go to Pushadra, I can just quickly
 respond to that question. And the question for everybody's benefit is how has your initiatives
 translated into improvement in client stickiness and LTV over
 years in different businesses. Yeah, no, it's a great question sort of. So I'll tell you one sort of
 metric where we very closely try, you know, I think the short answer to this question
 is it has played out quite well, especially for our matured, you know, lines of products
 in the offerings. And we measured it through the repeat rate. And, you know, on any given quarter,
 We would have, you know, in anywhere between 65 depending on the quarter that you specifically look at anywhere between 65 to 70% of the transactions will actually come from the existing customers.
 and the rest will come from the new customers in that particular quarter.
 So, it's a pretty healthy repeat rate, in fact, it's a very sort of good balance between,
 You know, the repeat transactions coming from the existing consumer base, but also the new users every quarter quarter after quarter that that keeps coming our way.
 I think we can go to Kusagra now.
 Please, we will pray to you.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Thanks.
 opportunity just one question on so if I if I look at your overall structure cost structure if you
 can give more sense on which of the segments is sort of taking a higher
 share in the expenses part like you have been you know market leader in the
 ticketing for a fairly long time. So this segment would be sort of cash and waiting for them,
 for you guys and generally hotels is one which would be taking a relatively high share in the
 the world spends, right?
 So just a broader sense on if I have to look at on the operating profit wise, which of
 segments probably mistaking a higher share in the overall spends yeah.
 Hi Kushakram, maybe I can take that.
 you know, while it's kind of difficult to, you know,
 you know, exactly get to kind of, you know, segment wise kind of, you know, profitability
 because you know guess what like Rajesh mentioned we have a lot of repeat and a lot of customers
 come in and kind of transact across you know business segments and therefore it's kind
 having a very difficult to allocate, you know, these customer acquisition costs, you know,
 by this segment. However, broadly at a high level sense, what we have always been calling
 out that, you know, the A-ticketing business has been kind of profitable for a fairly long
 time you know almost since the time of our IPO in 2010 and therefore the you know the
 the overall kind of, you know, customer acquisition spends in that business are very well optimized.
 Clearly, we have been calling out that the accommodation space, specifically hotels and
 that to within hotels the budget segment of hotels has been an area of investment over
 the last few years in 2016 onwards and therefore a large part of these spends have been directed
 towards that particular segment.
 The good part is, you know, our kind of, you know, pretty much our investment cycle, even
 on this you know segment or in this space also is pretty much played out now and therefore
 the unit economics kind of you know now start looking much better and overall
 Therefore, if you see a marketing and commercial expense, I have turned it down very well over
 the last five or six years, you know, they used to almost be at a peak, they used to be almost
 close to about 15 not percentage points of gross booking and we are now closer to what
 5, 6 percentage points of browse booking. So we've seen that significant efficiency
 coming in as the entire accommodation you know business has got built so much so
 that if you see on a normative basis pre-pandemic, you know, the hotel's business now counts
 for almost like, you know, half of the business mix, which is to be a very small contribution
 until about seven years back.
 So, that is that is probably how it is kind of you know playing out right now.
 that's helpful. Second, last one from my side, like how do you see how do you see the commissions in
 the hotel space overall. You know, the reason I asked this commission is moving for the
 medium term for the hotel segment and the reason I ask this question is so and your
 largely dependent on, I mean, you have a fairly, you have a fair presence in the premium
 more case.
 One point all these hotels and all will also more and more digitized second lot of these new models which are coming up
 So there is an indication towards more capital coming in this part of the hotels again, right?
 So where do you see the commission's overall heading over the medium term for the hotel
 take me for you, please.
 I remember that information.
 look at the entire space, you know, you know, you need to keep in mind that overall occupancy in
 in India, even in kind of normal times,
 pre pandemic used to be more in the 60s, you know, for the industry as a whole. And, you know, when it
 comes to this particular business, any room night which goes unoccupied is actually kind
 of a wasted room night or it is almost like a perishable room night and therefore, and
 also the incremental cost on an added room night compared to the incremental margins coming
 in, you know, for the hotel are very disproportionate. So the hotel is extremely incentivized in terms
 of taking the occupancy levels as high as possible, but like I said you know overall at an industry
 level also the occupancy rates used to be kind of you know in the 60s. Therefore compared
 to a lot of the other global markets or the matured markets where the occupancy rates
 much higher and the fact that, you know, the hotel industry is extremely fragmented in India
 with more and more of you know independent mom-and-pop kind of properties rather than
 change of hotels. The landscaper said as of a slightly better
 margins compared to the mature markets.
 However, from our own kind of point of view, we have always kind of looked at creating
 long-term sustainable economics with all our suppliers irrespective of the line of business.
 And therefore, over the last few years, we've actually brought down our overall margins in the
 the hotels business from being in the early 20s to kind of being more in the high teens
 now and that we believe is kind of you know sustainable both in the short term to the
 longer term period, for the reasons that I called out.
 started.
 out of this game.
 Aria wants to ask a question. Aria, your mute now, please.
 Yeah, thanks
 Yes, it's audio.
 Thanks.
 Thanks a lot.
 a lot. So, I mean firstly you know you mentioned that this deeper internet penetration outside
 of the metros and tier 1 cities.
 How has the share of transactions, traffic, etc, moved for you on, you know, outside of
 you track that and can you share any numbers on that and maybe across the segments of overall.
 No, I'm happy to.
 I am happy to just give you a directional sense of this area and it's obviously a good question
 given the fact that the next level of growth has already been sort of coming in from this
 smaller cities now and more and more in future it's going to come in from there you know as
 as we all know, as Deep also mentioned as part of his speech,
 that, you know, thanks to pandemic,
 the penetration or the adoptability of internet
 and even e-commerce sort of accelerated, you know,
 in in these cities as well. So, we are taking bunch of initiatives some of them we have already
 be called out, but I think it'll be fair to say that the new user acquisition for instance
 for our rail bookers or for that matter even bus bookers we've been getting you know out
 of the new users as I called out about 30% of the transactions
 a quarter come from new users are overall, and the contribution coming in from smaller
 is, you know, show the real bookers of the bus bookers of that, of that new user base
 is about 25, 30%. So about 25, but 30% of the new users are coming through the smaller cities,
 you know doing rail bookings or bus bookings and you know and sort of budget hotel bookings
 et cetera as well. And the other sort of product that in the area that we've seen a lot of traction
 coming in is the, on the on the air ticketing side is the Oran flights. So all the regional
 small sectors, you know, they all those bookings are run sectors are effectively tier two,
 3 cities in fact even beyond and then future also the expansion of the airports are also
 going to be like that. And we've been actually more than one share of all those sectors, even on
 on the ticketing business.
 So, all in all, we, you know, good traction coming in from...
 Thank you so much.
 So the 25 to 30 percent of the 30 percent new users you mentioned is of the entire base
 of new users or only for RAIL and BATTIV?
 No entire base of new users, yes.
 Secondly, you know, can you talk a little bit about your sort of, you know, how you expect the margins to move next year, assuming it's a more normalized year, but then some of your investment, some of your ad spend etc is also going to come back.
 So, can we expect you to be profitable on a fuller basis and what sort of a range of
 Marjena, you're doing it.
 Sure, Arya, I can take that, you know, like I just called out, you know, on the hotel's
 business. We do expect margins to kind of largely remain stable in the high teens. So
 is the case with the bus ticketing business you know with the margins kind of largely remaining
 probably stable closer to the eight and a half to nine and a half percent of
 range and on the integrating business also we do expect margins to remain you know around the
 6 to 7 percent range at least.
 Now with that kind of margin structure, you know, by line of business, we do believe,
 you know with the kind of efficiencies that we have seen on the customer acquisition spend
 which we've just talked about.
 we do expect that while there might be small increases
 in the overall kind of marketing and promotional spend,
 it is unlikely to kind of you know go beyond say the 7 odd percent kind of you know percentage
 point of you know gross bookings level compared to the 9 to 10 percentage points of gross booking
 that it used to be in a pre-pandemic and therefore that kind of gives us confidence that we kind of
 should kind of remain on a profitable path. I mean, just to kind of, you know, give a little bit
 color and how you know, we've kind of, you know, fade at least over the last two years. If you see
 last year which was a high pandemic hit kind of in year, we were kind of almost cash break even
 And this year, we expect to be kind of, you know, operationally, you know, have a profitable
 here and therefore that gives us even more confidence and if you see in this particular
 quarter also you know with with volumes kind of you know recovering and with kind of you know
 good recovery in the couple of months of the quarter coming through, we've actually been
 able to scale up profitability pretty nicely and therefore we believe if the if the recovery
 kind of comes back and you know normal travel recovery is kind of you know back in place
 as the pandemic ends, we should be in a good space on the profitability side.
 And lastly any update on India listing?
 I just request those on the call who are not speaking to kindly put it on mute because
 There's a lot of background voice.
 Sure. So, can you give me, you know, did you get my question Mohit or do you want me to repeat it?
 Yeah, so any update on the India listing plans, could it happen next year, what are the sort
 How are you thinking about it?
 We didn't call out any...
 We didn't really call out any listing plans as such, but you know, we'll keep K bar options open on that, no plans as yet.
 but yeah we remain open and like I had called out you know the focus is to kind of you know
 if you look at it from a cash position point of view we kind of have we're very comfortable on the
 the cash position we have got over 450 million dollars of free cash and cash equivalents on
 the balance sheet and I also just kind of mentioned it that we should probably be cash
 accurative and not be kind of you know deploying cash for operations. We also don't believe there is any
 large investment opportunity requiring a significant amount of you know
 of capital infusion.
 And so therefore, keeping all of that in mind,
 I think the focus right now is in terms of making sure that the you know the recovery
 on the travel side kind of comes through we see through the you know end of the pandemic and kind
 kind of have a much better kind of you know cost structure and and continue to be on the
 back to profitability as that happens we kind of you know take an appropriate view if you
 can do
 kind of look at an alternative capital raise model.
 Sure, thanks.
 That's all for me.
 All right, Mohit, maybe we can take that and Rukul, that is, I can see one more question
 from Vikas on the on the chat and then there's an anonymous and a similar question and I guess
 you know, the question on profitability because we are already profitable. We actually called
 out that it's the best ever profitable quarter that we just reported out and as we've been
 sort of recovering out of the wave whenever there has been recovery on the quarter based
 on all the measures that we have taken, you know, historically just to restructure our
 cost base, we've been profitable and profitable at scale.
 I guess Rajesh that also answers the anonymous question that we have from an anonymous attendee.
 yes yes sounds good I mean if we have any last questions we could take that now else you know
 you know we will kind of look at wrapping up the call.
 I think Mohit, we can end the call for now and any further questions, we would request the participants to mail us and we'll get back to you guys.
 The mail ID is updated on the six case and their
 disclosures and on the website so please feel free to reach out to us thank you
 everyone. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you, everyone. Thank you.