 Hi Rajesh, how are you, welcome again, good to see you, thank you, thank you, I guess Sanjay is gone, Ruchi, hi Ruchi, are you still there, hi sir, how are you, good, good, how are you, good, good, good, thanks, so we will have moderator joining us, right, Ruchi? I am the moderator, sir, oh you will be moderating, yes sir, oh so we didn't take that we didn't take that the regular one that we used to, no since last two times you're using webinar and Jonathan used to monitor it, so as Jonathan is not, I'm going to monitor, so whoever raises this question on our analyst list, I'll, you know, make them unmute and they can ask me. Behind you Rajesh? Yeah, with cap and everything. Okay, can't, you know, with cap and mask I can't recognize you, clearly, so, and how about the inbound traffic, then you will be trickling them in, right, when people come in for calls and all? Yes, sir. All right, okay, okay, so then that's fine, then people join and then we just, so then you will have to just keep guiding us, how do we go about it, right? Sure, I'll just let you know about what all, who all are asking questions and I can just unmute. Yeah, that is later, but when we have to start, you know, so you basically then open it for us and then Vipul can start, right? I think Vipul has to start, he's got the script, he will start with introduction and everything that Jonathan used to say and then he will transfer it to the human. That I know, but I mean, typically moderator would say, okay, now it's time because we've got these people, you will get a sense of how many have joined, etc., right? Yeah, approximately 13 as of now. 13 already joined, no? Yeah. Fair enough. So we can wait and then we can just go live. So go live signal will you give us? Okay, if you say. Yeah, yeah, because see, otherwise how would we know? I mean, how would Vipul know when to start? Okay, sure, sure, sure. Right? Just because it's seven minutes to six right now. So let's just see how many, can you read out the names who all have joined? Sure. Brian, Dushant, Gaurav Batarya, James, Janinder, Nikhil, Ratna, Sam, Sanjay. Sorry, just Rajesh, we are already live actually. Whoever has joined can hear us. So yeah, so we'll just start at six. So there is no separate go live. We'll just start at six. All right. Okay. Then we can start at six. Okay. And I'm going to go mute for now. All right. Yes, sir. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Hi, folks. Hi, Vipul. Hi, Deep. How are you? Welcome. Thank you. Deep, we are already live. We'll just start at six. Okay, cool. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, everyone. Ruchi, is this audible? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, we can hear you. But we are right now live. So I guess we'll just start at six. Sounds good. Are you in office, Rajesh? No, no. Almost looks like... Yeah, yeah. This is the background. I know. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hello, everyone. I'm Vipul Vicarag, Vice President Investor Relations at MakeMyTripLimited. And welcome to our fiscal year 2022 third quarter earnings webinar. Today's event will be hosted by Deep Kalra, our company's founder and group executive chairman. Joining him is Rajesh Magu, our co-founder and group chief executive officer, and Mohit Kabra, our group chief financial officer. As a reminder, this live event is being recorded and recorded by the company and will be made recording in progress. And will be made available for replay on our IR website shortly after today's session. At the end of these prepared remarks, we will also be hosting a Q&A session. Furthermore, certain statements made during today's event may be considered forward looking in statements within the meaning of safe harbor provision of U.S. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, are subject to inherent uncertainties, and actual results may differ much eerily. Any forward looking information relayed during this event speaks only as of this date, and company undertakes no obligation to update the information to reflect the change circumstances. Additional information concerning these statements are contained in the risk factors and forward looking statements section of the company's annual report on Form 20F filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021. Copies of these filings are available from the SEC or from the SEC or from Company's Investor Relationship Department. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Deep. Over to you, Deep. Thank you, Vupil. Welcome, everybody, to our third quarter earnings call of fiscal 2022. I sincerely hope everyone joining us today is keeping safe and healthy. Let me start by giving a quick update on the COVID situation in the country. India, like other countries in the world, is going through another surge driven by the Omicron variant. This wave started in December 2021, and while the positivity rate continues to remain high, India's vaccination coverage gives hope and assurance that the severity of infections this time around will remain low. It is definitely reassuring to see that the country's cumulative vaccination coverage has crossed 1.6 billion doses, with over 72% of India's adult population being fully vaccinated. Around 52% of children in the 15 to 18 years old age group have also been inoculated with the first dose of the vaccine. Going by predictions of health experts, India should soon start seeing decline in the number of daily new infections. Travel in India, much like other countries, also slowed down with the onset of the Omicron wave, albeit with relatively lower travel restrictions than the previous waves. As the severity remains low, the country continued to see domestic travel being undertaken in the form of essential travel, but with question. Leisure travel has understandably taken a backseat temporarily. That said, overall travel sentiment remains moderately high, with people waiting to hit the road again as the situation begins to ease out in the coming months. During the reported third quarter of financial year 2022, domestic travel witnessed a strong recovery riding on the back of pent-up demand, further fueled by festival travel and winter holiday season. Unfortunately, as Omicron began to spread in December, we saw demand for leisure travel sliding down towards the end of the quarter, although broad travel sentiment remained considerably high during the quarter. As a result, the good news coming out from the reported quarter is that we recorded our best adjusted operating profit during the pandemic. The past two years have been tough, but the silver lining is that, similar to global trends, India has gained momentum in becoming a truly digital economy, with significant improvement in online buying behavior. Studies indicate that e-commerce in India has seen tremendous growth across the country during the last two years. It is heartening to note that tier two and three cities in the country are now transacting online more than ever. Enthused by this new base of internet users and increasing online penetration, we are focusing on growing the penetration of online travel bookings by making the end-to-end process of planning and booking travel simple and convenient for buyers across tier one, two, three, and the hinterland. This is one area where I believe we have made tremendous progress in the last quarter. From launching the platform in Hindi language, India's largest native language, to supporting regional air connectivity by powering Odaan or the regional flights on our platform and the government's Air Seva portal, to introducing rail ticket booking service on Red Bus with IRCTC and more. We are committed to bringing more Indians to make their first ever travel booking online. We are also aggressively ramping up our efforts to build travel products that are more inclusive and diverse. I must mention that along the journey of building products for all, we are also focusing on personalizing the experience of each user to make the booking experience more relevant and meaningful across all our platforms. With the third wave expected to subside soon, we believe 2022 holds better prospects for the entire travel and tourism industry. We have seen strong recovery of demand following the previous waves, giving us adequate optimism for a strong recovery post the Omicron wave as well. We also believe that with our recent investments in new platforms like MyBiz, MyPartner, host in-app feature for homestay segment, and others, we are well poised to tap into new demand segments. My optimism is further fueled by the latest developments in the US, UK, and other parts of Europe, where restrictions have begun to gradually ease. We believe that the recovery in travel demand post the third wave will be led by domestic travel. While resumption of scheduled international flights has been postponed till February 22, we can expect graded opening up of destinations for Indian travelers in the next fiscal year. In the previous quarter, while only few international destinations were open for fully vaccinated Indian travelers, we observed a steady increase in bookings to destinations including the Maldives and Dubai on our platform. I'm pleased to also share that recently, MakeMyTrip was recognized as the only Indian travel company to be honored with the Top Producer Award at Travel Trade in the Maldives. I would also like to briefly talk about our social, corporate social responsibility or CSR initiatives, and especially the ones that focus on taking care of those impacted due to the ongoing health crisis. As part of MakeMyTrip Foundation, we have launched a scholarship support program, Parate Reho, Parate Reho, for underprivileged students who unfortunately lost their parents due to COVID. We are also closely working with the Government of India, Ministry of Tourism and other not-for-profit organizations such as Stata Trust to boost community-based tourism and extend support in scaling up travel infrastructure across the country. With that, I would request Rajesh to share highlights from the last quarter. Thank you, Deep. And hello, everyone. As Deep mentioned, India, like many other countries, is also battling its way through the third wave. But thankfully, while this virus variant is highly contagious, it is less severe. With a high rate of vaccination and less hospitalization, there is hope of this wave subsiding soon. While essential travel is continuing, even in the middle of this wave, our growth-oriented performance in the reported quarter is a strong indicator that as the situation eases, India will jump back to traveling for their leisure trips. We continue to stay watchful of the situation on a daily basis and are managing the business accordingly. Now, let me share some highlights from the previous quarter. I am happy to share that we recorded one of the most profitable quarters over the years. The good news is that we have managed to recover faster than the market, in our domestic air ticketing business, touching 68% year-on-year growth in passengers flown. Festive travel season further propelled demand, with November recording highest daily segments during the pandemic. Huge surge in demand came from domestic leisure destinations that accounted for 94% increase in volume of tickets as compared to the same quarter last year. On the other hand, international travel demand recovery continued to be slow overall, with exceptions of Maldives and Dubai, where we saw robust growth. On the product side, we launched Make My Trip Bundles, a custom fare option that allows customers to bundle various convenience-based offerings such as zero cancellation, travel insurance, airport meals, and cabs in one booking. Moving on to our hotels and packages business now. Our domestic hotel and packages business saw robust quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year growth during the third quarter. We recorded year-on-year growth of about 125% in constant currency terms in gross bookings. We also recorded highest check-ins during the pandemic for the Christmas weekend, although the bookings had started to dip by that time as the third wave was setting in. While B2C platforms showed solid recovery, growth was also partly aided by our corporate platforms, namely MyBiz, Quest2Travel, and MyPartner B2B platform. As shared earlier, our MyPartner platform aims to deliver on its promise of empowering travel agents partners with quick and easy access to our wide range of inventory across hotels and flights and more products in future. We have now ramped up to currently about 22,000 plus registered travel agents on MyPartner, and we are adding around 1,500 agents every month. On various segments of hotels, while premium hotels continue to lead recovery, glad to share that budget to mid-segment hotels have also started to see pickup in demand, leading to inclusive recoupment of all price segments of hotel this quarter. On our homestay segments, bookings for villas managed to surpass pre-pandemic numbers. On the product side, we continue to strengthen our offerings for the hotel segment. We have scaled up packages across 450 plus premium hotels and are beginning to see great traction on both supplier as well as consumer side. We have further refined the user-generated content collection flows, mobile site, and post-sales flows. On GoIvivo, we introduced daily steel deals to make booking through the platform more value-driven and rewarding. In Q3, we also introduced assurance-driven products to help make travel planning worry-free amid the ongoing uncertainty. These included zero cancellation fee on any last-minute cancellations and more. On our homestays product, I'm excited to share that we recently launched the beta version of our in-app host feature called Become a Host. The feature allows accommodation owners to list their villas, apartments, and other independent properties on the platform in just a few clicks. We're already seeing early wins here since its soft launch. In parallel, we continue to stay focused on enhancing our products to further improve the booking experience. We've also ramped up homestays inventory further and closed the quarter with about 30,000 properties, recording a 66% increase in supply over pre-pandemic. On the holiday packages side of the business, we saw two ex-bookings in domestic packages sold when compared with same quarter in 2019. On the other side, while bookings for international destinations remained muted, Maldives that was open for vaccinated travelers registered 300% growth over same quarter during pre-COVID times on our platform. Now, I would like to share updates on our bus ticketing business led by RedBus brand. This business has seen a significant quarter-on-quarter growth of 77% in gross bookings value. During the quarter, as the festive season added to the travel demand along with well-timed fuel price reductions, we saw 93% private supply and 102% regional transport corporation operators supply coming back online. Apart from bringing back supply, our focus remained on driving personalization and customization of booking experience on the platform, such as introduction of boarding point, dropping point feature. We also introduced customized nudges, persuasion triggers based on parameters such as on-time performance and ratings from similar cohort of travelers to help customers choose the right bus service. Furthermore, our Primo program for top-rated sellers is taking shape nicely. We now have close to 1,800 Primo branded buses across the length and breadth of the country, and this is already helping build good top-of-the-mind awareness. It is encouraging to note that about 85% of customers who took a Primo service say that their next trip would also be on a Primo bus. We have launched a number of new initiatives to differentiate a Primo experience, including an ongoing Primo lounge pilot at one of the popular bus boarding point in Bangalore. I am also happy to share some exciting news coming from overall ground transport business. While MakeMyTrip and Goibibo platforms have been offering rail booking services for a while, we have now launched Red Rail on our Red Bus web platform and have plans to have a Red Rail app soon as well. Through Red Rail, we aim to leverage the customer overlap between bus travelers on Red Bus, who also happen to be a part of India's large train passenger base. Another initiative that also kept our ground transport team busy during this period is the pilot launch of Ride, a network of cab franchises across the country that operate under Ride's umbrella. With superior technology at the back end, it powers all aspects of booking, fulfillment, and travel, and will help improve the reliability of supply. Currently, we are running a pilot in Delhi NCR and Bangalore and plan to scale this up in other cities in future. With these new initiatives, we hope to build on the strong brand and user base of Red Bus to create leadership positions in ground transport categories other than buses in future. Moving on to our corporate and SME travel business. While business travel overall saw a sluggish recovery pattern, but for us, the growth was robust this quarter, partially aided by new accounts acquired over the past few quarters. We recorded a 122% recovery in comparison to same period in fiscal year 1920. More than 250 key accounts, 340 SMEs were on-boarded on MyBiz during this quarter. On quest to travel also, we celebrated some big wins. We bagged accounts of 11 large groups, including Tata Capital, NICA, and K. Raheja Corporation and more. Now, sharing updates from some of our recent strategic initiatives. We continue to invest in our fintech initiative called TripMoney. After having launched successful products, including travel loan or book now, pay later, and insurance offerings, we are ready to launch Forex card on MakeMyTrip and Goibibo. As international travel picks up in the coming months, we are confident that this card will make its way into wallets of Indian outbound travelers. In GCC, during the last quarter, our focus was on building supply modes and products for best-in-class booking experience for Indian nationals, other expats, and local Emirati population. Happy to share that there was a 96% quarter-and-quarter increase in new user acquisition in Q3, LBIT at a low base. Our focus will continue to remain on increasing app penetration in the region, considering that 93% of UAE population uses the internet on a daily basis as per research estimates. Lastly, allow me to give a short update on our loyalty programs. To continue extending value to our loyal customers, we organized the MMT Black Fest, a sale campaign ran in partnership with Key Hotel and Flight Partners, which received positive feedback from our customers. Since the launch of the program, about 1 lakh users have been added to the top two tiers of MMT Black, and 72,000 users were able to upgrade their tiers by transacting for more than 1 lakh gross booking value on the platform. For Goibibo, loyal consumers under GoTribe, we further simplified the flow of TribeCoin or GoCash redemption, helping improve usage by 94% in the quarter. We also launched personalized instant cash cashback engine on Goibibo to reward consumers with instant GoCash to offer more value against a single booking. With this, let me now hand over the call to Mohit for financial highlights of the quarter. Thanks, Rajesh. Hello, everyone. I hope you are all staying safe and healthy. The report started on a positive note, with customers more confident than ever to step out of their homes and plan a much-needed holiday break. Strong supply-side recovery across all travel segments further boosted demand-side momentum during this high seasonality quarter. Since international travel was still restricted during this quarter, domestic leisure destinations in India saw major recovery before bookings were slightly hit in December due to the Omicron scare and the beginning of the third wave of the pandemic in India. Over the last few updates, we have spoken about our cost personalization efforts through structural reductions in fixed costs and building efficiencies in variable costs like marketing and sales promotional expenses. In quarter three, we could see the multiplier effect of these cost efficiencies, which aided by demand recovery led to doubling of the adjusted operating profits compared to the last quarter. Our adjusted operating profit for this quarter stood at $13.2 million, which is almost two times compared to $6.6 million in Q2 and almost 2.6 times compared to $5.2 million reported in the same quarter last year. Adjusted further for non-cash depreciation and amortization expenses, the current quarter's adjusted operating cash profit reached nearly $7.6 million, the highest in a quarter achieved by a still date. Our Q3 total gross bookings stood at $1,155.7 million, which was the highest since the pandemic, registering a strong growth of 58.5% over the previous quarter and about 95% growth over the same quarter last year in constant currency terms. Moving on to our business segments, A-ticketing adjusted margin stood at $52.9 million, representing 105.9% growth over the same quarter a year ago and 38.4% growth over the previous quarter in constant currency terms. We continue to be one of the most preferred A-ticketing platforms with a market share of about 30% in the domestic A-ticketing business, including both the online and offline modes of booking. The adjusted margin for our hotels and packages business increased to $54.1 million during the quarter reported, which is an increase of 117.6% over the same quarter a year ago and a 53.6% increase over the adjusted margin reported in the previous quarter in constant currency terms. As far as our bus ticketing business, the adjusted margin stood at over $14.1 million and represented a 58.4% increase over the same quarter last year and a very robust 79.1% quarter-on-quarter improvement led by supply recovery in the domestic bus business. Our RedBus brand continues to lead in the bus ticketing segment in the country and in future, we'll be expanding the RedBus brand franchise to intercity cabs and rail bookings, as mentioned by Rajesh earlier. Lastly, the adjusted margin in other businesses was $5.9 million, an increase of 44.4% over last year same quarter and an increase of 33.3% over the previous quarter in constant currency terms. Let me now share some details around the operating costs during the quarter. During the reported Q3, after a lull of almost two years, we finally returned with our Jo Hoga, Voh Hoga campaign on the Make My Trip brand on the Indian television. The campaign was targeted at boosting confidence while highlighting the convenience and flexibility offered on the Make My Trip platform. Goaibibo's new marketing theme, Apna Rul To Paisa Vasool, was centered around the brand's promise to always offer best value and value adds on travel bookings. Even with the increased brand spending, our overall marketing and promotional expenses during the quarter stood at 5.6% of gross bookings, marginally higher than the 5.4% reported in the previous quarter. Adjusted personal costs and SGA costs for the quarter stood at about $34.7 million compared to the pre-pandemic run rate of about $45 million per quarter. Aided by significant long-term fixed-cost rationalization and efficiencies in our customer acquisition spends built during the last six quarters under the pandemic, we could witness the impact of scale economics filtering down to adjusted operating profit. During this quarter, we have increased our stake in quest to travel as part of the acquisition framework and are excited about the strong future prospects of this business, which is directed towards facilitating travel bookings for large corporate customers. Within the corporate segment, we have surpassed pre-COVID levels and it remains one of the key demand segments for our company. It also gives some color on a few non-operating P&L elements. During this quarter, we recorded a profit of about $2.5 million from exchange of our shareholding in Inspiroc, which was acquired by Klarna, a Swedish fintech company. We have also additionally provisioned for $8.4 million to fully provide for all the tribunal awards in the ongoing litigation with the founders of the HT group on a conservative basis, while we will continue to take all available legal remedies in the matter. During the ongoing quarter, we continue to focus on tight cost control amid muted demand. However, with the reports that many of the key cities in India have already seen the peak of the third wave, we believe there is a good possibility of a sharp recovery in demand in the coming months. As Indians plan their next summer vacations, soon we will be with them with the most trusted brands, Make My Trip, Goaibibo and Redbus, to make their travel more connected and convenient. With that, I would like to turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Thank you, Mohit. We are now ready for Q&A. Anyone who wants to ask a question can please raise their hands and the lines can be embedded. Thank you. Vijit wants to ask a question. Vijit, you can speak now. Yeah, hi. Hi, Vijit. Sorry, can you hear me? Vijit, there's echo your side. No, I think it's better now. Yeah, sorry. My question is just on the business. Now, I know that international has barely recovered in Q3 and I know Omicron probably is a dampener for the ongoing quarter, but did the domestic business return to its pre-COVID levels in Q3, given that you were, I think, approximately 75 to 80% of your pre-COVID peak, if I understand it right. For Q3, that is my first question. Yeah. Yeah, hi, Vijit. This is Rajesh. Good question. Let me just take this. You're right, Vijit. You know, October, November, December quarter, the quarter that we are reporting out, what we did see on a run rate basis a few days where, you know, actually, even for air ticketing business, we had seen recovery up to 90-95% on some days as well. In fact, even for even hotel bookings, you know, as I mentioned very briefly, just in one line, that we had seen during the pandemic record check-ins during the Christmas weekend as well, which was very close to the pre-pandemic peak as well. So, you know, I guess that was a good indication of overall demand sentiment improving across the board and recovery coming very close to as far as domestic travel is concerned. you know, I think with an exception of, I would say, business travel to an extent, leisure segment was definitely back, you know, and some, you know, visiting friends and relatives were in any case happening. So, with an exception of, I would say, business travel, which was taking a little bit more time to come back. I mean, for us, it was a good story given that we had acquired a lot of accounts, but at an overall basis, business travel was lagging behind a little bit for all other segments were coming very close to pre-pandemic level on a run rate basis. I think that will be fair to say. Correct. Thanks. Thanks, Rajesh. Rajesh, my second question is on the advertisement vertical, if you can give some update because I think last time you guys had mentioned that you're looking to make further investments in that space. So, any further update on that side of the business? Yeah, sure. Also, if I can add an additional question, just a housekeeping question, if you can share what your senses of market share in the aviation business and in the bus truck, bus ticketing business. Sure. Okay, let me just take the first one first. Yeah, so the platform that we had built, which was a third-party advertisement platform, we've been making continuous investments on that. In fact, we've been just improving the product offering also on that. So, more recently, we've scaled up the sponsored link, sort of ads that any partner can come in and advertise on our platform further from what it was in the last quarter in terms of just the product enhancements that we've been able to do. and we've been continuously getting good traction from all our partners, especially on the hotel side, but also on ground transport. In some cases, even some of the airlines have been very, very interested in participating and advertising on our platform as well. So, this is our long-term initiative. we are continuously going to keep making platform far more robust with additional features. We do have plans to add a lot more analytics as times in the coming quarters for our partners and keep making that product far more attractive and robust from people who would come and advertise on our platform standpoint. So, it's going to be a continuous sort of investment area from our point of view. And, like I said, it is already giving us good traction on the number of advertisers who are increasing quarter-on-quarter. Now, talking about the civil aviation market share, I think Mohit just called out as part of his speech, we continue to be close to about 30% of the total market, both online and offline, put together. as far as domestic air ticketing business is concerned. And as far as bus segment is concerned, we continue to be the market leader, I guess, you know, by far from the online booking space standpoint. And we should have off the online booking space on bus, we should have, you know, close to about 65-70% and share, I would have thought. Got it. Thanks a lot, Rajesh. One final question before I jump back into the queue. With the cab business that you called out on-ground transport, that's part, I guess, of the bundled offering, I noticed from the app that it's really a marketplace, right, where you are showing availability of cars on ring from third-party partners and stuff like that. Can you talk a little bit about monetization on that? What is the commission structure like on that business with your partners? And I'm assuming this will be housed under other revenues, right? Yeah. So let me just tell you a little bit more about this, you know, the whole car business that we are trying to build. You know, it has two sort of products out there. One is airport transfer, which is effectively an attached to a flight, customer, you know, who would be at the airport and you would like to just, you know, come to the airport or go from the airport to the destination. And the other one is the intercity cab product. And I think what you were referring to was more the marketplace or, you know, a lot of partners who are already listed out there and the customer has the option to pick and choose from the car option and then that could be fulfilled by, you know, various sort of partners or the operators that we have it at the back-end which we have aggregated and we had, if I miss, sort of, you know, also add here that we had mentioned it in the past that we had made an investment on the supply side, you know, a software where we were trying to just, you know, provide the supply side, you know, technology platform for the operators as well or or the cab aggregators. So that's one model on the intercity cab. What I was trying to highlight in the script early on was also there is one more initiative that we have launched. You know, we are already pilot testing it out in the two markets, Delhi and CR and Bangalore and that is called Ride, which is a slightly different model where we are signing up partners, you know, who already have a pool of cabs. We are, you know, sort of branding the cars on the road. We are, you know, taking better control of the inventory to improve the overall product experience, like the actual ride experience and trying to position it more like, you know, differentiated experience with the set of partners that we are going to have. I mean, we are calling it ride franchises who are the partners who would work with us. The model for either the aggregator model or the ride model is going to be either a commission model or a revenue share model. So that's really the monetization plan on that. But it's early days in this market. We are right now doing some strategic investments in this area, but we definitely see this as a very big opportunity and we are going to sort of scale this up in the coming quarters. And thank you so much. I'll just jump back into the queue. Thank you. Thanks, Vijit. Thank you, Vijit. Any other participant who wishes to ask a question, can please raise your hand? Vikas wants to ask a question. Vikas, you can speak now, please. Vikas, you have to unmute, please. Ashwin wants to ask a question. We'll move to Ashwin. Okay. Ashwin, you can ask a question, please. Yeah, can you hear me? Yes, please. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, I had one question in terms of the hotels segment, wherein the ATVs materially went up almost to the extent of 20% sequentially, and there was a drop in terms of the take rates this quarter. So, was it largely due to the skew towards the premium hotels? Ashwin, I could take the hat. You know, there are two reasons. Clearly, one, you know, that the skew is kind of, you know, being more towards, you know, the premium set of hotels. And also, during this specific quarter, you know, the mix change was also in favor of the holiday packages. So, you know, a lot more growth is what we have seen coming through our holiday packages as customers have chosen the comfort of a package product instead of, you know, doing standalone bookings. And since the holiday package product is more like a slightly muted margin business compared to hotels, because it's a combination of hotels as well as, you know, A tickets, etc. Therefore, the segment kind of margins have come down a little bit. But the hotel margins per se haven't really seen any significant contraction, but for the mix change towards premium. Okay. And just one more in terms of the air side. So, domestic passenger growth, if you look at it sequentially was up, I think, more than 60%. But in terms of our flight segments, there was a lag. So, is it more a timing issue or what is driving that? Could you just repeat that? Sorry, missed that one. So, essentially, if you look at the domestic flight traffic in India, that was up almost 60% sequentially in this quarter, wherein for us, the flight segment growth was a tad lower. So, is it more to do with the timings? Yes, absolutely. You know, you've got it right. You know, what BGCA reports is, you know, flown passengers, what we report is booked passengers. And therefore, you know, you will see a little bit of a, you know, difference across quarters based on the emerging trends on, you know, booked versus flown. Thanks, Mohit. Thanks, and all the best. Thank you. Most welcome. Most welcome. I think we have a question on chat as well. Maybe we can take that because I think Saurabh, Mike is not able to speak. So maybe very quickly before we go to Kushagra, I can just quickly respond to that question. And the question for everybody's benefit is, how has your initiatives translated into improvement in client stickiness and LTV over the years in different businesses? Yeah, no, it's a great question, Saurabh. So I'll tell you one sort of metric where we very closely track. You know, I think the short answer to this question is it has played out quite well, especially for our mature lines of products and the offerings. And we measured it through the repeat rate. And, you know, on any given quarter, we would have, you know, anywhere between 65, depending upon the quarter that you specifically look at, anywhere between 65 to 70 percent of the transactions will actually come from the existing customers. And the rest will come from the new customers in that particular quarter. So it's a pretty healthy repeat rate. In fact, it's a very sort of good balance between, you know, the repeat transactions coming from the existing consumer base, but also the new users every quarter, quarter after quarter that keeps coming our way. So overall, you know, given that we've been in the business for many years, it has been playing out. All these investments have been really playing out in a manner that sort of helps the overall P&L as well. I think we can go to Kushagra now. Kushagra, please feel free to ask your question. Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question on, so if I look at your overall structure, cost structure, if you can give more sense on which of the segments is sort of taking a higher share in the expenses part, like you have been market leader in the ticketing for a fairly long time, so this segment would be sort of cash in rating for you guys and generally hotels is one which would be taking a relatively higher share in the overall spends. So just a broader sense on if I have to look at on the operating profit-wise, which of the segments probably is taking a higher share in the overall spends? Maybe I can take that. While it's difficult to exactly get to segment wise profitability because guess what? Like Rajesh mentioned, we have a lot of repeat and a lot of customers come in and transact across business segments. Therefore, it's very difficult to allocate these customer acquisition costs by this segment. However, broadly, at a high-level sense, what we have always been calling out that the air ticketing business has been profitable for a fairly long time, almost since the time of our IPO in 2010. Therefore, the overall kind of customer recognition spends in that business are very well optimized. Clearly, we have been calling out that the accommodation space, specifically hotels and that within hotels, the budget segment of hotels, has been an area of investment over the last few years, 2016 onwards. Therefore, a large part of these spends have been directed towards that particular segment. The good part is pretty much our investment cycle, even on this segment or in this space also, is pretty much played out now. Therefore, the unit economics now start looking much better. Overall, if you see our marketing and promotional spends, have trended down very well over the last five or six years. at a peak, they used to be almost close to about 15% of gross booking and they are now closer to about 5-6% of gross booking. We've seen that significant efficiency coming in as the entire accommodation business has got built, so much so that if you see on a normative basis, pre-pandemic, the hotels business now accounts for almost half of the business mix, which used to be a very small contribution until about seven years back. So that's broadly how it is kind of playing out right now. Sure, that's helpful. Second, last one from my side, how do you see the commissions in the hotel space overall? The reason I ask this, the commission is moving over the medium term for the hotel segment. The reason I ask this question is, you have fair presence in the premium hotels. So one point, all these hotels will also be more and more digitized. Second, a lot of these new models which are coming up, there is an indication towards more capital coming in this part of the hotel segment. So where do you see the commissions overall heading over the medium for the hotel segment for you guys? Yeah, that's it for money. Yeah, look at the entire hotel space, you know, you need to keep in mind that overall occupancy in India, even in kind of normal times, pre-pandemic, it used to be more in the 60s for the industry as a whole. And when it comes to this particular business, any room night which goes unoccupied is actually kind of a wasted room night or it's almost like a perishable room night, right? And therefore, and also the incremental costs on an added room night compared to the incremental margins coming in for the hotel are very disproportionate. So the hotel is extremely incentivized in terms of taking the occupancy levels as high as possible. But like I said, overall at an industry level also, the occupancy rates used to be kind of in the 60s. Therefore, compared to a lot of the other global markets or the mature markets where the occupancy rates are much higher and the fact that the hotel industry is extremely fragmented in India with more and more of independent mom and pop kind of properties rather than chains of hotels, the landscape per se does offer slightly better margins compared to the mature markets. However, from our own kind of point of view, we have always kind of looked at creating long term sustainable economics with all our suppliers, irrespective of the line of business. And therefore, over the last few years, we have actually brought down our overall margins in the hotel business from being in the early 20s to kind of being more in the high teens now. And that we believe is kind of sustainable both in the short term to the longer term period. For the reasons that I called out. Yes, got it. Thanks. Arya wants to ask a question. Arya, you're on mute now, please. Yeah, thanks. Am I audible? Yes, you are. Yeah, hi. Thanks. Thanks a lot. So, I mean, firstly, you know, you mentioned that this deeper internet penetration outside of the metros and tier one cities. So how has the share of transactions, traffic, etc. moved for you on, you know, outside of metros and tier one cities? Will you track that and can you share any numbers on that and maybe across the segments of overall? No, happy to just give you a directional sense of this, Arya. And it's obviously a good question given the fact that the next level of growth has already been sort of coming in from the smaller cities now and more and more and more in future it's going to come in from there. You know, as we all know, as Deep also mentioned as part of his speech, that you know, thanks to pandemic, the, you know, the penetration on the adaptability of internet and even e-commerce sort of accelerated, you know, in these cities as well. So we are taking a bunch of initiatives, some of them we have already called out. but I think it'll be fair to say that the new user acquisition, for instance, for our rail bookers or for that matter, even bus bookers, we've been getting, you know, out of the new users as I called out about 30% of the transactions in a quarter come from new users are overall and the contribution coming in from smaller cities, you know, through the rail bookers or the bus bookers, of that new user base is about 25-30%. So about 25-30% of the new users are coming through the smaller cities, you know, doing rail bookings or bus bookings and, you know, and sort of budget hotel bookings, et cetera, as well. And the other, you know, sort of product that, you know, in the area that we've seen a lot of traction coming in, on the air ticketing side is the Odan flights. So all the regional small sectors, you know, all those bookings are Odan sectors are effectively tier 2, tier 3 cities, in fact, even beyond. And in future also, the expansion of the airports are also going to be like that. And we've been actually more than land share of all those sectors, even on the air ticketing business. So all in all, we, you know, good traction coming in from I think this is from your side or somebody else's. Sure. Sorry. So the 25 to 30% of the 30% new users you mentioned is on the entire base of new users or only for rail and bus? No, entire base of new users. Yes. Secondly, you know, can you talk a little bit about your sort of, you know, how you expect the margins to move next year? Assuming it's a more normalized year, but then some of your investments, some of your ad spend, etc. is also going to come back. So can we expect you to be profitable on a full year basis? And what sort of a range of margin are you looking at? Sure, Aria, I can take that, you know, like I just called out, you know, on the hotels business we do expect margins to kind of largely remain stable in the high teens. So is the case with the bus ticketing business, you know, with the margins kind of largely remaining probably stable closer to the 8.5% to 9.5% kind of a range. And on the air ticketing business also, we do expect margins to remain, you know, around the 6% to 7% range at least. Now, with that kind of a margin structure, you know, by line of business, we do believe, you know, with the kind of efficiencies that we've seen on the customer acquisition spend side, which we've just talked about, we do expect that while there might be small increases in the overall kind of, you know, marketing and promotional spend, it is unlikely to kind of, you know, go beyond, say, the 7% kind of, you know, percentage point of, you know, gross bookings level compared to the 9% to 10% points of gross booking that it used to be, you know, pre pandemic. And therefore, that kind of gives us confidence that we kind of should kind of remain on a profitable path. I mean, just to kind of, you know, give a little bit color on how, you know, we've kind of, you know, fade at least over the last two years. If you see last year, which was a high pandemic hit kind of an year, we were kind of almost cash break-even. And this year, we expect to be kind of, you know, operationally, you know, have a profitable year. And therefore, that gives us even more confidence. And if you see in this particular quarter also, you know, with volumes kind of, you know, recovering and with kind of, you know, good recovery in the couple of months of the quarter coming through, we've actually been able to scale up profitability pretty nicely. And therefore, we believe if the recovery kind of comes back and, you know, normal travel recovery is kind of, you know, back in place as the pandemic ends, we should be in a good space on the profitability side. Sure. And lastly, any update on India listing plans? I just request, you know, those on the call who are not on the, who are not speaking to kindly put it on mute because there's a lot of, you know, background voice. Sure. So, can you give me, you know, did you get my question, Mohit, or do you want me to repeat it? Please go ahead. Yeah, so any update on the India listing plans? Could it happen next year? What are the sort of, how are you thinking about it? We didn't really call out any listing plans as such, but, you know, we'll keep our options open on that. No plans as yet, but yeah, we have been open and like I'd called out, you know, the focus is to kind of, you know, if you look at it from a cash position point of view, we kind of have, we're very comfortable on the cash position, we've got over $450 million of free cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet, and I also just kind of mentioned it, that we should probably be cash accretive and not be kind of, you know, deploying cash for operations. We also don't believe there is any large investment opportunity requiring a significant amount of, you know, capital infusion. And so therefore, keeping all of that in mind, I think the focus right now is in terms of making sure that the, you know, the recovery on the travel side kind of comes through, we see through the, you know, end of the pandemic and kind of have a much better kind of, you know, cost structure and continue to be on the path to profitability. As that happens, we kind of, you know, take an appropriate view if you want to kind of look at, you know, alternative capital raise models. Sure, thanks. That's all for me. Thank you. All right. Maybe we can take that and there is, I can see one more question from Vikas on the, on the chat and then there's an anonymous and a similar question. And I guess, you know, the question on profitability, Vikas, we are already profitable. we actually called out that it's the best ever profitable quarter that we just reported out. And as we've been sort of recovering out of the wave, whenever there has been recovery on the quarter based on all the measures that we've taken, you know, historically just to restructure our cost base, we've been profitable and profitable at scale. I guess, Rajesh, that also answers the anonymous question that we have from an anonymous attendee. Yes, yes. Sounds good. I mean, if you have any last questions, we could take that now. Else, you know, we'll kind of look at wrapping up the call. I think, Mohit, we can end the call for now. And any further questions, we would request the participants to mail us and we'll get back to you guys. Our mail ID is updated on the 6Ks and their disclosures and on the website. So please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you, everyone. Thank you.