 You pull high.
 Hi Rajesh
 How are you? Welcome again. Good to see you.
 Thank you.
 I guess I'm just going to Ruchi.
 Hi, Ruchi.
 Are you still there?
 Hi sir
 How are you?
 good? How are you?
 good good good thanks
 so we will have moderator joining us
 right,
 Virginia?
 I am the
 moderator sir
 Oh, you will be moderating?
 Yes, sir.
 Oh, so we didn't take that.
 um
 we didn't take that
 the regular one that we used to
 No, since last two times you are using Webinar and Jonathan used to monitor it.
 So as Jonathan is not there, I'm going to monitor.
 So whoever raises question on our analyst list, I'll, you know, make them unmute and they can ask.
 Behind you, Rajesh.
 Oh, yeah, we're down there, maybe.
 okay
 kind of
 you know
 with
 cap and mask, I can't believe.
 recognize you
 clearly
 and how about the inbound traffic
 then you will be trickling them in, right?
 and people come in for calls and all.
 Yes, sir.
 All right.
 Okay.
 Okay, so then that's fine.
 then people join and then we just
 So then you will have to just keep guiding us.
 How do we go about it, right?
 sure i'll just let you know about what all who all are asking questions and i can just unmute
 Yeah, that is later.
 but when we have to start
 You know,
 so you basically then open it for us
 and then Wipul can start, right?
 I think Bipul has to start
 he's got the script, he will start with
 introduction and everything that Jonathan used
 to say and then he will
 transfer it to DeepView.
 and
 that
 That I know, but I mean, typically a moderator would say,
 okay now it's time because we've got these people
 you will get a sense of how many have joined
 et cetera, right?
 Yeah, approximately 13 as of now.
 13 already joined, no?
 Yeah.
 Fair enough.
 So we can wait
 and then we can just go live.
 so go live
 signal
 will you give us?
 I'll be doing it.
 Okay, if you say.
 Yeah, yeah, because otherwise, how would we know?
 I mean, how would Whipul know when to start?
 Okay, sure, sure, sure.
 right
 just because it's seven minutes
 um
 to six right now.
 so let's just see
 can you read out the names
 who all have joined?
 So, Brian, Dushant, Gaurav Bhataria, James, Janinder, Nikhil, Ratna, Sam, Sanjay.
 we are already live actually
 whoever has joined can hear us
 Oh, is that right?
 So, yeah.
 So we'll just start at six.
 of them, they will not be
 separate go live. We'll just start at 6.
 Alright, okay. Then we can start at 6.
 And I'm going to go mute for now
 All right.
 Yes, sir.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Bye.
 I believe it is.
 Bye, folks.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Vipul.
 Hi, Deep.
 are you welcome
 Thank you.
 Deep we are already live
 We'll just start at 6 years
 Okay, cool.
 Thank you.
 Hi, everyone.
 Ruchi, is this audible?
 yeah yeah
 Yeah, we can hear you, but we are right now live.
 So I guess we'll just start at 6.
 Sounds good.
 Are you in office, Rajesh?
 No, no
 Almost looks like...
 Yeah, this is the background.
 I know.
 Mm-hmm.
 Okay.
 Let's see.
 Thank you.
 Hello everyone. We're starting the
 earning call now. I'd like
 to now turn the call over to Bipul
 please
 Thank you, Richie
 Hello everyone, I'm Vipul Garg, Vice President of Investor Relations at MakeMyTripLimited
 And welcome to our fiscal year 2022 third quarter earnings webinar.
 Today's event will be hosted by Deep Kalra, our company's founder and group executive chairman.
 Joining him is Rajesh Magu, our co-founder and group chief executive officer, and Mohit Kabra, our group chief financial officer.
 As a reminder,
 this live event
 is being recorded and
 the
 uh
 recorded by the company and will be made
 recording in progress and will be made available for replay on our IR website shortly after
 after today's session
 At the end of these prepared remarks, we will also be hosting a Q&A session.
 Furthermore, certain statements made during today's event may be considered forward-looking in statements within the meaning of Safe Harbor Provision of U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 These statements are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to inherent uncertainties and actual results may differ
 material. Any forward-looking
 information relayed during this event
 speaks only as of this date
 and company undertakes no obligation
 to update the information to reflect
 the change circumstances.
 Additional information
 concerning these statements are contained in the Risk Factors
 and forward-looking statements section of the company's annual report on Form 20-F
 filed with the sec on july 13 2021 copies of these filings are available from the sec
 or from company's investor relations department.
 With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Deep.
 over to you
 Thank you, Vupil.
 Welcome everybody to our third quarter earnings call of fiscal 2022.
 I sincerely hope everyone joining us today is keeping safe and healthy.
 Let me start by giving a quick update on the COVID situation in the country.
 India, like other countries in the world, is going through another surge driven by the
 Omicron variant.
 This wave started in December 2021, and while the positivity rate continues to remain high,
 India's vaccination coverage gives hope and assurance
 that the severity of infections this time around will remain low.
 It is definitely reassuring to see that the country's cumulative vaccination coverage
 has crossed 1.6 billion doses, with over 72% of India's adult population being fully vaccinated.
 Around 52% of children in the 15 to 18 years old age group have also been inoculated with
 the first dose of the vaccine. Going by predictions of health experts, India should soon start seeing
 declined in the number of daily new infections. Travel in India, much like other countries,
 also slowed down with the onset of the Omicron wave, albeit with relatively lower travel
 restrictions than the previous waves.
 as the severity remains low
 the country continued to see domestic travel being undertaken in the form of essential travel
 but with question. Leisure travel has understandably taken a backseat temporarily.
 That said, overall travel sentiment remains moderately high,
 with people waiting to hit the road again
 as the situation begins to ease out in the coming months.
 During the reported third quarter of financial year 2022, domestic travel witnessed a strong
 recovery riding on the back of pent-up demand, further fueled by festival travel and winter
 holiday season. Unfortunately, as Omicron began to spread in December, we saw demand for leisure
 travel sliding down towards the end of the
 quarter although broad travel
 sentiment remained
 considerably high during the quarter. As a result, the good news coming out from the reported quarter
 is that we recorded our best adjusted operating profit during the pandemic.
 The past two years have been tough, but the silver lining is that, similar to global trends,
 India has gained momentum in becoming a truly digital economy
 with significant improvement in online buying behavior.
 Studies indicate that e-commerce in India has seen tremendous growth across the country
 during the last two years.
 It is heartening to know that e-commerce in India has seen tremendous growth across the
 that tier two and three cities in the country are now transacting online more than ever.
 enthused by this new base of internet users and increasing online penetration we are focusing on
 growing the penetration of online travel bookings by making the end-to-end process of planning and
 booking travel simple and convenient for buyers across tier one two three and the hinterland
 This is one area where I believe we have made tremendous progress in the last quarter.
 from launching the platform in Hindi language,
 India's largest native language,
 to supporting regional air connectivity by powering Odaan or the regional flights on our platform
 and the government's AirSava portal to introducing
 rail ticket booking service on Red Bus with IRCTC and more. We are committed to bringing more Indians
 to make their first ever travel booking online.
 We are also aggressively ramping up our efforts to build travel products that are more inclusive and diverse.
 I must mention that along the journey of building products for all,
 We're also focusing on personalizing the experience of each user to make the booking experience more relevant and meaningful across all our platforms.
 With the third wave expected to subside soon, we believe 2022 holds better prospects for
 the entire travel and tourism industry.
 we have seen strong recovery of demand
 following the previous waves, giving us
 adequate optimism for a strong recovery post the Omicron wave as well. We also believe that with
 our recent investments in new platforms like MyBiz, MyPartner, host in-app feature for homestay
 segment and
 others we're well poised to tap into new demand segments my optimism is further fueled by the
 latest developments in the US, UK, and other parts of Europe, where restrictions have begun
 to gradually ease
 We believe that the recovery in travel demand
 post the third wave will be led by domestic
 travel, while resumption of scheduled
 international flights
 has been postponed till February 22,
 we can expect graded opening up of destinations for Indian travelers
 in the next fiscal year.
 In the previous quarter, while only few international destinations were open
 for fully vaccinated Indian travelers.
 we observed a steady increase in bookings to destinations,
 including the Maldives and Dubai on our platform.
 I'm pleased to also share that recently MakeMyTrip was recognized as the only Indian travel company to be honored with the Top Producer Award at Travel Trade in the Maldives.
 I would also like to briefly talk about our social, corporate social responsibility or CSR initiatives and especially the ones that focus on taking care of those impacted due to the ongoing health crisis.
 as part of Make My Trip Foundation
 we have launched a scholarship support program.
 program.
 Pudhtay raho,
 for underprivileged students
 who unfortunately lost their parents due to COVID.
 We are also closely working with the Government of India, Ministry of Tourism and other not-for-profit organizations such as Start a Trust to boost community-based tourism and extend support in scaling up travel infrastructure across the country.
 With that, I would request Rajesh to share highlights from the last quarter.
 Thank you, Deep. And hello, everyone.
 as Deeb mentioned
 India like many other countries
 is also battling its way
 through the third wave, but thankfully, while this virus variant is highly
 contagious, it is less severe.
 With high rate of vaccination and less hospitalization, there is hope of this wave subsiding soon.
 While essential travel is continuing, even in the middle of this wave,
 Our growth-oriented performance in the reported quarter
 is a strong indicator that as the situation eases,
 India will jump back to traveling for their leisure trips.
 we continue to stay watchful
 of the situation on a daily basis
 and are managing the business accordingly.
 Now, let me share some highlights from the previous quarter.
 I'm happy to share that we recorded one of the most profitable quarters over the years
 linked to strong business growth coming in from pent-up demand.
 On gross bookings, we grew 95.1% over the same quarter in previous year
 and 58.5% over Q2 in constant currency terms.
 in our air business
 We continue to stay on an upward recovery trajectory following the momentum picked up during July to September quarter last year.
 the good news is
 that we have managed to recover faster than the market in our domestic care ticketing business,
 Touching 68% year-on-year growth in passengers flown.
 Festive travel season further propelled demand, with November recording highest daily segments during the pandemic.
 Huge surge in demand came from domestic leisure destinations that accounted for 94% increase in volume of tickets as compared to the same quarter last year.
 On the other hand, international travel demand recovery continued to be slow overall,
 with exceptions of Maldives and Dubai, where we saw robust growth.
 On the product side, we launched MakeMyTrip bundles, a custom fare option that allows customers to bundle various convenience-based offerings such as zero cancellation, travel insurance, airport meals, and cabs in one booking.
 Moving on to our hotels and packages business now.
 Our domestic hotel and packages business saw robust quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year growth during the third quarter.
 We recorded year-on-year growth of about 125% in constant currency terms in gross bookings.
 We also recorded highest check-ins during the pandemic for the Christmas weekend, although the bookings had started to dip by that time as the third wave was setting in.
 While B2C platforms showed solid recovery, growth was also partly aided by our corporate platforms, namely MyBiz, Quest2Travel, and my partner B2B platform.
 As shared earlier, our MyPartner platform aims to deliver on its promise of
 and power.
 travel agent partners with quick and easy access to our wide range of inventory across hotels and
 flights and more products in future.
 We have now ramped up to currently about 22,000 plus registered travel agents on MyPartner.
 and we are adding around 1,500 agents every month
 on various segments of hotels, while premium hotels continue to lead recovery.
 glad to share that
 budget to mid-segment hotels have also
 started to see pick up
 in demand
 leading to inclusive recoupment
 recoupment of all price segments
 over till this quarter on our
 homestay segments, bookings for villas
 managed to surpass pre-pandemic numbers.
 On the product side, we continue to strengthen our offerings for the hotel segment.
 We have scaled up packages across 450 plus premium hotels and are beginning to see great traction on both supplier as well as consumer side.
 We have further refined the user-generated content collection flows, mobile site, and post-sales flows.
 On Goibibo, we introduced daily steel deals to make booking through the platform more value-driven and rewarding.
 in Q3
 We also introduced assurance-driven products to help make travel planning worry-free amid the ongoing uncertainty.
 these included
 zero cancellation fee on any
 last-minute
 cancellations and more. On our homestays product, I'm excited to share that we recently launched
 the beta version of our
 in-app host feature
 called become a host
 The feature allows accommodation owners to list their villas, apartments, and other independent properties on the platform in just a few clicks.
 we are already seeing early
 wins here since its soft
 launch. In parallel, we continue to stay
 focused on enhancing our products to
 further improve the booking experience.
 We've also ramped up homestays inventory further and closed the quarter with about 30,000 properties,
 recording a 66% increase in supply over pre-pandemic.
 On the holiday packages side of the business, we saw two ex-bookings in domestic packages sold when compared with same quarter in 2019.
 pain. On the other side, while bookings for international
 destinations remained muted.
 Maldives that was open for vaccinated
 travelers registered 300%
 growth over same quarter during
 pre-COVID times on our platform.
 Now I would like to share updates on our bus ticketing business led by RedBus brand.
 this business has been
 a significant
 significant quarter-on-quarter growth of 77% in gross bookings value.
 During the quarter, as the festive season added to the travel demand, along with well-timed fuel price reductions, we saw 93% private supply and 102% regional transport corporation operators supply coming back online.
 Apart from bringing back supply, our focus remained on driving personalization and customization of booking experience on the platform, such as introduction of boarding point, dropping point, future.
 We also introduced customized nudges, persuasion triggers based on parameters such as on-time
 performance and ratings from similar cohort of travelers to help customers choose the right bus
 service. Furthermore,
 our Primo program
 for top rated sellers is taking shape nicely.
 We now have close to 1800 Primo branded buses across the length and breadth of the country.
 and this is already helping build good top of the mind awareness.
 It is encouraging to note that about 85% of customers
 who took a Primo service
 say that their next trip would also
 to be on a primal bus.
 We have launched a number of new initiatives to differentiate a Primo experience,
 including an ongoing Primo lounge pilot
 at one of the popular bus boarding point in Bangalore.
 I'm also happy to share some exciting news coming from overall ground
 transport business. While Make My Trip and Goibibo platforms have been
 offering real booking services for
 a while. We have now launched
 RedRail on our RedBus web platform and have plans to have a RedRail app soon as well.
 Through Red Rail, we aim to leverage the customer overlap between bus travelers on Red Bus who also happen to be a part of India's large train passenger base.
 another initiative
 that also kept our ground transport team
 busy. During this period is the
 pilot launch of Ride,
 a network of cab
 franchises across the country
 that operate under Wright's umbrella
 with superior technology at the
 backend. It powers all
 aspects of booking
 fulfillment and travel
 and will help improve the reliability of supply.
 Currently, we are running a pilot in Delhi NCR and Bangalore
 and plan to scale this up in other cities in future.
 With these new initiatives, we hope to build on the strong brand and user base of Redbus
 to create leadership positions in ground transport categories other than buses in future.
 Moving on to our corporate and SME travel business.
 while business travel
 overall saw a sluggish
 recovery pattern
 but for us
 The growth was robust this quarter, partially aided by new accounts acquired over the past few quarters.
 We recorded a 122% recovery in comparison to same period in fiscal year 1920.
 More than 250 key accounts, 340 SMEs were onboarded on MyBiz during this quarter.
 on quest to travel also
 we celebrated some big wins
 We bagged accounts of 11 large groups, including Tata Capital, NICA, and K. Raheja Corporation, and more.
 Now sharing updates from some of our recent strategic initiatives.
 We continue to invest in our fintech initiative called TripMoney.
 after having launched successful products including travel loan
 or book now, pay later, and insurance offerings,
 we are ready to launch forex card on make my trip and go i vivo as international travel
 except in the coming months.
 we are confident that this card will make its way into wallets of Indian outbound travelers.
 in GCC during the last quarter.
 Our focus was on building supply modes and products for best-in-class booking experience for Indian nationals, other expats, and local Emirati population.
 Happy to share that there was a 96% quarter and quarter increase in new user acquisition in Q3, Lbit at a low base.
 our focus will continue to remain on increasing air penetration in the region,
 considering that 93% of UAE population
 uses the internet on a daily
 basis as per research
 estimates
 lastly allow me to give a short update on our loyalty programs
 To continue extending value to our loyal customers, we organized the MMT BlackFest, a sale campaign ran in partnership with key hotel and flight partners, which received positive feedback from our customers.
 of the program about 1 lakh users have been added to the top tier, top two tiers of MMT
 Black and 72,000 users were able to upgrade their tiers by transacting for more than 1
 lack gross booking value on the platform.
 For Goibibo, loyal consumers under GoTribe, we further simplified the flow of Tribecoin or GoCash redemption, helping improve usage by 94% in the quarter.
 We also launched personalized instant cash cashback engine on Goibibo to reward consumers with instant GoCash to offer more value against a single booking.
 with this
 Let me now hand over the call to Mohit for financial highlights of the quarter.
 Thanks Rajesh.
 hello everyone
 I hope you are all staying safe and healthy
 the report
 the fiscal year started on a positive note with customers more confident than ever
 to step out of their homes and plan a much-needed holiday break.
 Strong supply-side recovery across all travel segments.
 further boosted demand-side momentum during this high seasonality quarter.
 Since international travel was still restricted,
 during this quarter, domestic leisure destinations in India saw
 major recovery before bookings were slightly
 it in December
 due to the Omicron scale
 and the beginning
 of the third wave of the pandemic in
 India.
 Over last few updates, we have spoken about our cost personalization efforts
 through structural reductions in fixed costs
 and building efficiencies in variable costs like marketing and sales promotional expenses.
 in quarter three
 we could see the multiplier effect of these cost efficiencies
 which aided by demand recovery led to doubling of the adjusted operating profits
 compared to the last quarter
 or registered operating profit for this quarter
 stood at 13.2 million dollars
 which is almost two times compared to 6.6 million in Q2
 and almost 2.6 times compared to $5.2 million
 reported in the same quarter last year.
 adjusted further for non-catch
 depreciation and amortization expenses.
 the current quarters
 adjusted operating cash profit
 reached nearly $7.6 million, the highest in a quarter
 achieved by a still date.
 Our Q3 total gross bookings
 stood at
 $1,155.7 million
 which was the highest
 Since the pandemic, we are registering a strong growth of 58.5% over the previous quarter and about 95% growth over the same quarter last year in constant currency terms.
 Moving on to our business segments,
 A ticketing adjusted margin stood at $52.9 million, representing 105.9% growth over the same quarter a year ago and 38.4% growth over the previous quarter in constant currency terms.
 we continue to be one of the most
 preferred air ticketing platforms
 with a market share of about 30%
 in the domestic air ticketing business
 including both the online and offline
 modes of booking. The adjusted margin for our hotels and packages business increased to 54.1
 million during the quarter reported, which is an increase of
 117.6%
 over same quarter a year ago
 53.6% increase
 over the
 adjusted margin reported in the previous
 quarter in constant guarantee realms.
 as for our bus ticketing business
 The adjusted margin stood at over $14.1 million
 and represented a 58.4% increase over same quarter last year
 and a very robust 79.1% quarter-on-quarter improvement
 led by supply recovery in the domestic bus business.
 our Redbus brand continues to lead
 in the bus triggering segment in the country
 and in future, we'll be expanding the Redverse brand franchise
 to intercity cabs and rail bookings
 as mentioned
 by Rajesh earlier. Lastly,
 the adjusted margin in other businesses
 was 5.9 million dollars
 an increase of 44.4% over last year same quarter
 and an increase of 33.3% over the previous quarter in constant currency terms.
 Let me now share some details around the operating costs during the quarter.
 during the reported Q3
 after a level of almost two years
 we finally returned with our
 campaign on the
 Make My Trip brand on the
 Indian Television. The campaign
 was targeted at boosting confidence
 while highlighting the convenience and flexibility
 offered on the MakeMetric platform.
 Goai Weibo's new marketing theme,
 was centered around the brand's promise
 to always offer best value
 and value adds on travel bookings.
 Even with the increased brand spending,
 our overall marketing and promotional expenses during the quarter
 stood at 5.6% of gross bookings, marginally higher than the 5.4% reported in the previous quarter.
 adjusted personal costs and SGA costs for the quarter
 is true at about $34.7 million
 dollars compared to the pre-pandemic run rate of about 45 million dollars per quarter aided by
 significant long-term fixed-cause
 rationalization and efficiencies in our customer acquisition spends built during the last six
 quarters
 under the pandemic
 we could witness the impact of scale economics filtering down to adjusted operating profit.
 During this quarter, we have increased our stake in quest to travel as part of the acquisition framework and are excited about the strong future prospects of this business, which is directed towards facilitating travel bookings for large corporate customers.
 within the corporate segment
 we have surpassed pre-COVID levels
 and it remains one of the key demand segments for our company.
 It may also give some color
 on a few non-operating P&L elements.
 During this quarter, we recorded a profit of about $2.5 million
 from exchange of our shareholding in Inspiroc,
 which was acquired by Klarna, a Swedish Pintech company.
 We have also additionally provisioned for $8.4 million
 to fully provide for all the tribunal awards
 in the ongoing litigation with the founders of the HT group
 on a conservative basis while we will continue to take all available
 legal remedies in the matter. During the ongoing quarter,
 we continue to focus on tight cost control amid
 Muted demand
 however with the reports
 that many of the key cities in India have already
 seen the peak of the third
 wave, we believe there is a good possibility of a sharp recovery in demand in the coming
 months. As Indians plan their next summer vacations, soon we'll
 be with them, with the most trusted
 brands, Make My Trip, Goaibibo
 and Redbus to make their travel more connected and convenient.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
 Thank you, Mohit. We are now ready
 for Q&A. Anyone who wants to ask
 a question can please raise their hands and
 the lines
 can be
 embedded.
 Thank you.
 With
 budget
 wants to ask a question.
 Would you think you can speak now?
 Yeah, hi, hi.
 We'll see you next time.
 Bye.
 Sorry, can you hear me?
 Vijit, there's echo your side.
 No, I think it's better now.
 yeah sorry
 My question is just on the business.
 this
 now I know that international
 has barely recovered in Q3
 and I know Omicron probably is a dampener for the ongoing quarter,
 But did the domestic business return to its pre-COVID levels in Q3,
 given that you were I think
 approximately 75-80% of your
 pre-COVID peak if I understand it right
 For Q3, that is my first question.
 Yeah.
 Yeah. Hi, Vijay. This is Rajesh. Good question.
 Let me just take this.
 You're right, Vijay.
 you know, October, November, December
 quarter, the quarter that we are reporting out
 we did see on a
 hundred
 bases
 few
 days
 where, you know,
 actually even for
 air ticketing business we had
 seen recovery up to
 90-95% on some days as well
 In fact, even for even hotel bookings, you know, as I mentioned very briefly, just in one line that we had seen during the pandemic record check-ins during the Christmas weekend as well, which was very close to the pre-pandemic peak as well.
 So, you know, I guess that was a good indication of overall demand sentiment improving across the board and recovery coming very close to as far as domestic travel is concerned.
 you know
 I think
 within
 exception of I would say
 business travel to an extent
 Leisure
 segment was definitely back
 in some
 visiting friends and relatives
 It's got in any case happening.
 so with an exception of
 I would say business travel, which was taking a little bit more time to come back.
 I mean, for us, it was a good story
 given that we had acquired a lot of accounts.
 but at an overall basis business travel was lagging behind a little bit but all other segments were
 coming very close to
 pre-pandemic level on a run rate
 basis. I think that will be fair to say.
 Correct. Thanks. Thanks, Rajesh. Rajesh, my second question is on the advertisement vertical, if you can give some update, because I think last time you guys had mentioned that you're looking to make further investments in that space. So any further update on that side of the business?
 also if I can add
 an additional question
 if you can you know just a housekeeping question uh if you can share what your senses of market
 sharing
 in the aviation business
 and in the
 bus truck
 bus ticketing
 business
 Sure.
 Okay.
 Let me just take the first one first.
 uh yeah so the platform that we had built which was a third third party advertisement platform
 We've been making continuous investments on that.
 In fact, we've been just improving the product offering also on that.
 So, you know, more recently, we have scaled up the sponsored link, you know, sort of ads that any partner can come in and, you know, advertise on our platform further from what it was in the last quarter in terms of just the product enhancements that we've been able to do.
 from, you know, all our partners, especially in the, you know, on the hotel side, but also on
 of ground transport, you know, in some cases,
 Even some of the airlines have been very, very interested, interested in participating and advertising on our platform as well.
 So, you know, this is our long-term initiative.
 we are continuously going to keep making
 platform far more
 robust with additional features.
 you know we do have plans to
 add a lot more
 analytics as times uh in the in the coming quarters uh for our partners and keep making
 that product, you know,
 far more sort of attractive and robust.
 Um,
 you know from
 from people who would come
 and advertise on our platform
 standpoint so it's
 going to be a
 continuous sort of investment area from our point of view.
 And, you know, like I said, it is already giving us good traction, you know, on the number of advertisers who are increasing quarter on quarter.
 now talking about the
 civil aviation market share, I think
 Mohit just called out as part of his
 speech. We continue
 to be close to about
 30% of
 the
 you know, of the total market, both online and offline put together
 as far as domestic air ticketing business is concerned.
 and as far as bus segment is concerned
 we continue to be
 the market leader, I guess
 you know, by far from the
 online booking space standpoint
 and
 we should have off the online
 booking space on bus
 we should have
 you know, close to about
 65-70% share I would have thought
 Got it.
 Thanks a lot.
 Rajesh, one final question
 before I jump back into the queue with the cab business that you called out on
 on-ground, transport, that's part, I guess, of the bundled offering.
 I noticed from the app that it's really a marketplace, right?
 where you are showing availability of cars on rent
 from third-party partners and stuff like that.
 Can you talk a little bit about monetization
 on that? What is the commission
 structure like on that business with your partners
 and
 I was
 assuming this will be housed under other revenues, right?
 Yeah.
 so let me just uh tell you a little bit more about uh this uh you know the whole car business
 that we are trying to build.
 You know, it has two sort of products out there.
 One is airport transfer, which is effectively an attach to a flight customer, you know, who would be at the airport and you would like to just, you know, come to the airport or go from the airport to the destination.
 And the other one is the intercity cab product.
 And I think what you were referring to was more the marketplace or, you know, a lot of partners who are already listed out there and the customer has the option to pick and choose from the car option.
 and then it would be fulfilled by various sort of partners
 or the operators that we have it at the back end,
 which we have aggregated
 and we had
 If I miss sort of, you know, also add here that we had mentioned it in the past that we had made an investment on the supply side, you know, a software where we were trying to just, you know, provide the supply side, you know, technology platform for the operators as well or the cab aggregators.
 so that's one model on the intercity cab
 What I was trying to highlight in the script early on was also there is one more initiative that we have launched.
 you know we are already
 pilot testing it out in the
 two markets, Delhi and CR and
 Bangalore and that is
 that is called RIDE, which is
 a slightly different model where we are
 signing up partners
 you know, who already have
 pool of cabs
 We are, you know, sort of branding the cars on the road.
 we are you know
 taking better control of the
 inventory to improve the overall
 product experience like the actual ride experience and trying to position it more like you know
 differentiated experience
 with the set of partners
 that we are going to have.
 I mean, we're calling it ride franchises who are the partners who would work with us.
 the model for
 either the aggregator model
 or the right model is going to be either a commission model
 or a revenue share model.
 So that's really the monetization plan on that.
 but it's early days
 in this market, we are right now
 doing some strategic investments
 in this area, but we
 definitely see this as a very big opportunity
 and we are going to sort of scale this up
 in the coming quarters
 gold
 And thank you so much.
 I'll just jump back into the key.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Vedit.
 Thank you Richard.
 which if any other participant will be
 wish to ask the question
 can please raise your hand.
 It's okay.
 Okay, please.
 Thank you.
 Vikas wants to ask a question. Vikas, you can speak now, please.
 Thank you.
 Because your line is muted, you will have to unmute and speak.
 Not always.
 Vikas, you have to unmute please.
 Okay, Ashwin wants to ask a question.
 We'll move to Ashwin.
 Ashwin, you can ask me, shouldn't be?
 Yeah, can you can you help me?
 Yes, please.
 Hi, thanks for the opportunity.
 so I had one question
 in terms of the hotels,
 segment wherein
 the ATVs materially went up
 almost to the extent of 20%
 sequentially and there was a
 drop in terms of the
 crates this quarter
 So, was it largely due to the skew towards the premium hotels?
 Ashwin, I could take the
 You know, there are two reasons, clearly.
 one
 you know, the excuse kind of, you know,
 been more towards
 you know the
 premium set of
 hotels and also doing this
 a specific quarter
 you know the mixed change was also in favor of the holiday packages so you know a lot more
 growth is what we have seen coming through
 our holiday packages as customers
 have chosen the comfort of a
 package product instead of you know doing
 standalone bookings
 And since the holiday package product is more like a slightly muted margin business compared to hotels because it's a combination of hotels as well as, you know, air tickets, etc.
 therefore the segment kind of
 margins have
 come down a
 little bit,
 but the
 The hotel margins per se haven't really seen any significant contraction,
 but for the mixed change towards premium.
 okay uh and just one more in terms of uh the air side
 So domestic passenger growth, if you look at it sequentially, was up, I think, more than 60%.
 But in terms of our flight segments, there was a lag.
 So is it more a timing issue or what is driving that?
 So, yes, we...
 Could you just repeat that? Sorry.
 missed that one
 So, essentially, if you look at the domestic flight,
 flight traffic in India, that was up almost 60% sequentially in this quarter, wherein for us,
 the flight segment growth
 So was a tad lower.
 So is it more to do with the timings or?
 Yes, absolutely
 You know, you've got it right.
 You know, what BGCA reports is, you know, flown passengers.
 what we report is booked
 passengers and therefore you know you will see a little bit
 of a, you know, difference across quarters based on the emerging trends
 on, you know, build versus flown.
 Thanks,
 Mohit, thanks and all the best
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Most of it.
 Thank you.
 I think we have a question on chat as well.
 maybe we can take that
 because I think
 sort of
 So Mike is not able to speak.
 So maybe very quickly before we go to Kushagra, I can just quickly respond to that question.
 And the question for everybody's benefit is
 how has your initiatives translated into
 improvement in client stickiness and
 LTV over the years in different businesses
 yeah
 No, it's a great question.
 are up so i i'll tell you one sort of uh metric where we very um
 especially for our matured, you know, lines of products and the offerings.
 And we measured it through the repeat rate.
 And, you know, on any given quarter, we would have, you know, anywhere between 65, depending on the quarter that you specifically look at, anywhere between 65 to 70% of the transactions will actually come from the existing customers.
 and the rest will come from the new customers
 in that particular quarter.
 So it's a pretty healthy repeat rate.
 in fact it's a very
 sort of good balance between
 you know
 uh, the repeat, uh, transactions coming from the existing consumer base.
 but also the new users every quarter, quarter after quarter
 that keeps coming our way.
 So overall, you know, given that we've been in the business for many years, it has been playing out.
 all these investments have been really playing out in a manner, you know, that, you know,
 sort of helps the overall P&L as well.
 I think we can go to Kushagra now.
 Shagra, please feel free to...
 Good question.
 Thanks for the opportunity.
 Just one question on
 No.
 So, if I look at your overall structure, cost structure,
 if you can give more sense on
 which of the segments
 sort of
 taking a higher share in the
 expenses part.
 late
 You have been, you know, market leader in a ticketing for a fairly long time.
 So this segment would be sort of cash generating for you guys.
 And generally, hotels is one which would be taking a relatively higher share in the overall
 it spends
 wait till
 just a broader singe on
 Oh no.
 If I have to look at on the operating profit wise,
 which of the segments probably
 was taking a higher
 share in the
 overall spend.
 Yeah.
 Hi, Kushwagra. Maybe I can take that.
 you know, while it's kind of difficult to, you know,
 exactly get to kind of
 segment wise
 kind of
 you know, profitability because, you know,
 guess what
 like Rajesh mentioned, we have a lot of repeat
 And a lot of customers come in and kind of transact across, you know, business segments.
 and therefore it's kind of very difficult to allocate
 you know, this customer regression
 cause, you know, by this segment.
 However, broadly, at a high level sense, what we have always been calling out that, you know, the air ticketing business has been kind of profitable for a fairly long time, you know, almost since the time of our IPO in 2010.
 and therefore the
 the
 you know, the overall kind of, you know,
 customer
 regression spends in that business are
 are very well optimized.
 clearly
 we have been calling out that
 the accommodation space
 specifically hotels
 and that too within hotels, the budget segment of hotels
 has been an area of investment over the last few years,
 in 2016 onwards and therefore
 a large part of these spends have been directed towards that particular segment the good part is
 You know, our kind of, you know, pretty much our investment cycle,
 even on this segment or in this space
 also is pretty much played out now.
 and therefore the unit economics kind of, you know,
 Now it started looking much better.
 And overall, therefore, if you see our marketing and promotional spends have trended down very well over the last five or six years.
 They used to always be at a peak.
 used to be almost close to about 15 odd percentage
 points of gross booking, and we are now closer to about 5-6%
 points of
 gross booking
 so we've
 seen that significant efficiency
 coming in as the entire
 accommodation
 business has got
 build, so much so that
 if you see on a normative basis,
 pre-pandemic, you know,
 the hotels business now accounts for almost like, you know,
 half of the business mix, which used to be a very small contribution
 until about seven years back.
 So that's broadly how it is kind of playing out right now.
 Sure. Sure. No, that's helpful. Uh, second, uh, last one from my side, uh, uh, like how,
 how, how do you see, uh, how do you see the commissions in the hotel space overall?
 You know, the reason I asked this commission is moving for the medium term for the hotel
 segment. And the reason I ask this question is
 so
 Uh, and you're largely dependent on, I mean, you are, you have a fairly, uh, your fair
 presence in the premium hotels.
 So one point, uh, all these hotels and all will also more, more and more digitize.
 second, a lot of these new
 models which
 are coming
 up.
 Uh, so there is a, there is a trend or there is an indication towards more capital coming
 in this part
 of the hotel segment, right?
 so
 where do you see the commission's
 overall heading over the medium
 come for the hotel segment for you guys.
 Yeah, that's it for me.
 look at the
 the entire local space, you know,
 you need to keep in mind
 that overall occupancy in India
 you know, even in kind of, you know, normal times, you know,
 pandemic, it used to be more in the
 60s, you know, for the industry
 as a whole.
 and you know
 when it comes to, you know, this particular
 business, any room
 which goes unoccupied.
 It is actually, you know, kind of a wasted room night
 or it's almost like a perishable room night, right?
 and also the incremental
 course on an
 on an on a on a on an added room night compared to you know the the incremental margins coming in
 you know, for the hotel
 are very disproportionate.
 So the hotel is extremely incentivized in terms of taking the occupancy levels
 as high as possible.
 but like I said
 you know, overall at an industry level also
 the occupancy rates used to be kind of
 you know, in the 60s.
 Therefore, compared to a lot of the other, you know, global markets or the mature markets
 where the occupancy rates are much higher.
 and the fact that
 the hotel industry is extremely fragmented in India
 with more and more of, you know,
 independent mom and pop kind of properties
 rather than chains of hotels
 the landscape
 per se does offer slightly better margins
 compared to the mature markets.
 however from our
 own kind of, you know, point of view, we've always kind of looked at, you know, creating
 long-term sustainable economics with all
 our suppliers, irrespective of the line of business.
 And therefore, over the last few years,
 we've actually brought down our overall margins in the hotel business
 from being in the early
 20s to kind of being more in the
 high teens now
 and that we believe is kind of
 know sustainable uh both in the short term to the longer term period for the reasons that i called
 out. Yes, got it. Thanks
 and motor risk.
 Arya wants to ask a question. Arya, you're on mute now, please.
 Yeah, thanks
 Am I audible?
 Yes, you are.
 Yeah, fine.
 Thanks.
 Thanks a lot. So, I mean, firstly, you know, you mentioned that this deeper internet penetration outside of the metros and tier one cities.
 So how has the share of transactions, traffic, et cetera, moved for you on, you know, outside of metros and tier one cities?
 Do you track that and can you share any numbers on that
 and maybe across the segments of overall?
 No, happy to
 Pitu just
 give
 your directional sense of this area
 and it's obviously a good question
 given the fact that
 the next level of growth
 has already been sort of coming in from
 the smaller cities now
 and more and more in future, it's going to come in from there.
 you know as we all know
 as Deep also mentioned as part of his speech,
 that you know
 thanks to
 pandemic, uh,
 the
 you know
 the penetration or the adaptability of internet and even e-commerce sort of accelerated,
 in these cities as well.
 so we are taking a bunch of initiatives
 come from new users
 are overall
 and the contribution coming in
 from smaller cities
 you know
 through the rail bookers or the bus bookers
 of that
 of that new user base is about
 25-30 percent. So about
 25-30% of the new users
 are coming through the smaller cities
 you know
 doing
 rail bookings or bus bookings
 uh, and, you know, and, and sort of budget hotel bookings, et cetera, as well.
 And the other, you know, sort of product that, you know, in the area that we've seen a lot of traction coming in is the, on the air ticketing side, is the Odan flights.
 so all the regional
 small sectors
 um
 And, you know, all those bookings are wrote on.
 sectors are effectively tier 2, tier 3
 cities in fact even beyond
 and in future also the expansion
 of the airports are also going to be like that
 And we've been actually more than land share of all those sectors,
 even on the air ticketing business.
 So all in all, we, you know, good traction coming in from.
 I'm...
 I'd like to send in by you.
 I think that
 I couldn't
 say about it
 I don't know if it is from your side or somebody else's.
 Okay.
 So the 25 to 30% of the 30% new users you mentioned
 is on the entire base of new users or only for rail and bus?
 No entire base of new users, yes.
 Secondly, you know, can you talk a little bit about your sort of, you know, how you expect the margins to move next year, assuming it's a more normalized year, but then some of your investments, some of your ad spend, etc. is also going to come back.
 So, can we expect you to be profitable on a full-year basis and what sort of a range of margin are you looking at?
 show radio
 I can take that, you know, like I just called out, you know,
 on the hotels business.
 we do expect margins to kind of largely remain stable in the high teens.
 so is the case with the bus ticketing business
 with the margins largely remaining
 probably stable, closer to the
 eight and a half to nine and a half percent
 kind of a range
 And on the air ticketing business also, we do expect margins to remain around the 6% to 7% range at least.
 Now, with that kind of a margin structure, you know, by line of business, we do believe, you know, with the kind of efficiencies that we've seen on the customer acquisition spend side, which we've just talked about.
 We do expect that while there might be small increases in the overall kind of, you know, marketing and promotional spend, it is unlikely to kind of, you know, go beyond, say, the 7 odd percent kind of, you know, percentage point of, you know, gross bookings level compared to the 9 to 10 percentage points of gross booking that it used to be, you know, pre-pandemic.
 And therefore, that kind of gives us confidence that we kind of should kind of remain on a profitable path.
 I mean, just to kind of, you know, give a little bit color on how, you know,
 we've kind of, you know,
 fared at
 least over
 the last
 two years
 if you
 see
 last year which was a
 Hi, pandemic hit kind of in here.
 kind of almost cash
 break even
 And this year, we expect to be kind of, you know,
 operationally, you know, have a profitable
 here and therefore that
 gives us even more confidence
 And if you see in this particular quarter also, with volumes kind of recovering
 and with kind of, you know, good recovery in the couple of months
 of the quarter coming through, we've actually
 been able to scale up profitability
 pretty nicely and therefore
 we believe if the recovery kind of
 comes back and you know
 normal travel
 recovery is kind of, you know, back in place
 as the pandemic ends.
 we should be in a good space on the profitability side.
 Sure. And lastly, any update on India listing plans?
 I just
 request you
 those on the call who are not on the
 I'm not speaking to kindly put it on mute
 because there's a lot of, you know, background voice.
 please.
 Sure. So, can you give me, you know, did you get my question, Mohith, or do you want me to repeat it?
 please go ahead
 yeah so any update on the
 India's distinct plans
 Could it happen next year?
 what are the sort of how are you thinking about it
 I didn't call out any
 we didn't really call out any listing plans as such
 but you know we'll keep
 keep our options open on that
 no plans as yet
 but yeah
 we remain open
 and like I had called
 out, you know, the focus is to
 kind of, you know, if you look at it from a cash position point of view,
 we kind of have
 we are very comfortable
 on the cash position
 We've got over $450 million of free cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet.
 and I also just kind of mentioned it
 that we should probably be cash accretive
 and not be kind of, you know, deploying cache for operations.
 We also don't believe there is any large investment opportunity requiring a significant amount of, you know, capital infusion.
 and so therefore keeping all of that in mind
 I think the focus right now is in terms of making sure that the, you know,
 the recovery on the travel side kind of comes
 through this
 see through the end of the pandemic
 and kind of have a much better kind of cost structure
 and continue to be on the path to profitability
 as that happens
 we will kind of
 you know
 take an appropriate view if you want to
 kind of look at, I know,
 alternative capital raise models.
 Sure, thanks. That's all for my sake.
 Thank you.
 Boom.
 All right, Mohit, maybe we can take that in Rikul.
 that is
 I can see one more question
 from Vikas on the
 on the chat and then there's an
 anonymous and a similar question.
 And I guess, you know, the question on profitability, because we are already profitable, we actually called out that it's the best ever profitable quarter that we just reported out.
 And as we've been sort of recovering out of the wave,
 Whenever there has been recovery on the quarter
 based on all the measures that we have taken, you know,
 Historically, just to restructure our cost base, we've been profitable and profitable
 at scale
 I guess, Rajesh, that also answers the anonymous question
 that we have from an anonymous attendee.
 Yes, yes.
 Sounds great.
 I mean if you have any last questions
 We could take that now.
 else, you know, we'll kind of
 look at wrapping up the call
 I think
 Mohit
 meet
 we can end the call for now
 And any further questions, I would request the participants to mail us
 and we'll get back to you guys.
 our mail ID is updated
 on the 6Ks and their disclosures and on the website.
 So please feel free to reach out to us.
 Thank you everyone
 Thank you.
 Thank you, everyone.
 Thank you.
 thanks
 Thank you, everyone.
 Thank you.