 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by.
 I'm Konstantinos, your course call operator.
 Welcome and thank you for joining the Turkish Health Conference call and live webcast to
 represent and discuss the Turkish third quarter, 2021 financial results conference call.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Alistair Dahl at the Investor
 and Cooperative Finance Director.
 Mr. Gatti, you may now proceed.
 Thank you, Konstantinos. Hello, everyone. Welcome to Türksel's third quarter financial and operational results call today's speakers are our CEO, Mr. Murat Erkan and our CFO, Mr. Osman Yılmaz.
 They will be delivering a brief presentation and afterwards taking your questions.
 Before we start, I would like to kindly remind you to review the last page of this presentation
 for hours.
 statement.
 Now, I hand over to Mr. Erkan.
 Thank you so much.
 Good morning and good afternoon to all.
 Welcome to our presentation and thank you for joining us.
 In the third quarter, we recorded 22.3% revenue growth and our everyday reach is 4 billion
 Turkish lira for the first time, implying a BDA margin of 33.1%.
 Growing 18% year on year, we recorded a net income of 1.4 billion Turkish lira.
 an all-time high quarter of the figures.
 Net income settled above 1 billion Turkish Lira,
 run rate per quarter.
 our customer-centric strategy, diversify business model,
 and focus on mobile and fixed network quality
 are the key factors of the sustainable performance, which
 was further supported by increased mobility in this quarter.
 This strategy has enabled us to continue our standing growth in total subscribers by 1.2
 million, which marks the record of the past 14 years.
 In the first 9 months of the year, we gained a total of 2.5 million subscribers, further
 strengthening the subscriber base for the upcoming terms.
 The output trends remain robust at 12% for mobile and 10% for residential fiber.
 Lastly, this quarter, the revenue share of digital channels in consumer sales rose to
 17% increasing 5 percentage points year on year.
 We have also distributed the last installment of the 2021 dividend on October 27th.
 In consideration of this solid result, we further increase our full year guidance, which
 I will celebrate on my last slide.
 Next slide.
 Here we see the operational performance of the third quarter.
 In all three front, mobile, fixed, broadband and IPTV, we deliver a strong net edge performance.
 On the mobile phone, we gain a net 464,000 post-paid and 643,000 prepaid subscribers.
 This outstanding performance was achieved through our customer-focused offer innovative service
 support for you and also support by increased mobility.
 Thanks to vaccination.
 High net performance in pre-paid subscribers is due to the visit of Turks leaving abroad
 after lifting of restriction in international travel.
 The average monthly mobile charge was at 1.9%.
 well below that of the last year.
 and we believe around 2% Montenegro is a healthy level in this market.
 Planet mobile ARPU rose to 58 percent, 58 turkish lira on 12 percent increase thanks to higher
 a post-paid subscriber base, upsell to higher tariffs, price adjustments, and increased data
 and digital service users.
 Also, our AI-based analytical capabilities,
 the observed strong upsell levels and the incremental that an upsell postpaid customer
 pace in two times that of same quarter last year.
 In the fixed broadband segment, emit the prevailing demand for high-speed connections with the
 back to school period, we gain net 60,000 fiber subscriber with our high-speed fiber
 internet offers.
 The rollout plans are on track as we exceeded 400,000 new home passes in the first 9 months.
 quarter we also welcome our 25th city in our fiber network we are pleased to
 register a further 51,000 net edition to our IPTV subscriber exceeding 1 million customer
 IPTV's penetration within the residential fiber subscriber reach 63% accordingly.
 fiber arbor rose to 79 Turkish lira on 10% growth, 13% annual fiber
 subscriber growth should be taken into consideration, where we aim to manage a delicate balance
 between orthogross and net azition.
 Next, an update on the data usage and foreign half cheese subscription trends.
 Every mobile data user draws 12% year-on-year to 13.7 gigabytes per user.
 The rise in data consumption was due mainly to higher content consumption, boosted by
 seasonality and lifted restrictions.
 Out of the 34 million subscribers, sign up for
 foreign policy services, around 70% have foreign policy compatible smartphones, still indicating
 growth potential for the upcoming quarters and implying further room for growth in data
 function.
 First of all, smartphone penetration is at 84%, with 92% of these units being 4.5G competitors.
 moving on to phase six.
 We reap the benefit of our careful plan,
 efforts to provide best-in-class services, which is evident by the outstanding net-ed
 figures in this quarter.
 Our well-invested, high-quality network and strong infrastructure is once again confirmed in the GSA report.
 With its rich spectrum assets and well-planned modern infrastructure,
 Turkish cell is able to provide speed of up to 1.6 gigabit per second, which even exceeded
 with the 5G speeds provided by certain operators with this capability.
 Trixar ranks among the world's top three operators,
 And it's fastest for our hauchi network infrastructure
 Europe.
 long-time invested customer-centric approach which enables TrueCenter to provide service
 addressing customer exact needs has made us a winner at the European customer
 centricity or efforts. At the Türksel team, we have realized over 100 projects that touched
 to the hearts of our customer.
 Additionally, our key strength, including data-driven personalized offer and extensive
 distribution channels, both physical and digital, stand out as core factors influencing customer
 decision-making. With all of Ebo, customers have continued to recommend Turkish Shell
 over the competition this quarter.
 even extended the wide gap with the second best.
 Next
 Now, our strategic focus areas, let's zoom into digital services and solutions.
 The standalone revenue from digital services and solutions continued its strong growth
 at 31% year on year.
 reaching four hundred thirty five million turkish lira
 The paid user base reached 3.6 million, up 0.9 million from last year.
 We are delighted to have reached another remarkable milestone
 for our digital services as the IPTV user base exceeded 1 million in September.
 TV Plus has continued to increase its share in the TV market, reaching just above 13%
 Q2 and it is the only TV product one have steadily increased its share for the past 12 quarters.
 Content and product quality enable us to increase prices whereby the product enjoys
 rising retention levels with it with its robust infrastructure beep our instant
 messaging platform provides seamless communication and has reached 27 million
 3 month active user this quarter. Triple from the same quarter last year. A quarter of the
 The active user base is abroad, where the leading countries are highly populated countries
 like Nigeria, Indonesia, and Bangladesh.
 Our constant effort in our digital services are improving the user experience of the application
 and we achieve this by responding to our customer needs.
 For instance, new feature in BIP, this quarter,
 include the status posting and video group call
 with up to 15 people on Fiji, our digital music services,
 we have added over 120 podcast series. Next slide.
 Next is the digital business services.
 We continue to lead and to end this journey of corporate in Turkey.
 This has resulted in a revenue of 499 million Turkish lira from digital business services
 this quarter.
 of the total revenues, 75% are service revenue,
 which rose by 28% year on year.
 From the service revenues, we have seen continuous strong demand, particularly in data center
 and cloud business, cyber security services, and IoT.
 We signed 575 new contracts with a total contract value of $221 million.
 Overall, backlog from the system integration project sign to date is at 832 million Turkish
 which will be contributing to the top line in the upcoming quarters.
 This quarter, we continue our product launch in cybersecurity and cloud services.
 WatchGuard is an economic and flexible viable solution that works in physical and virtual
 system. And as the first in the country, object storage is a cloud-based solution for the
 further support the vision of keeping corporate data in Turkey.
 Next slide.
 Last but not least, in our texting focus.
 The technical services revenue rose to 281 billion Turkish lira on 37% year-on-year growth.
 PaySale saw another remarkable quarter topping 6 million active users on a 30% rise year-on-year.
 The revenue saw 53% here on your growth, mainly with traction in the pay letter product.
 We started to monetize post-solution, which includes virtual and physical Android post
 services. We have installed 1.7 thousand devices at the local SMEs and also launched our virtual
 post-solution with 900 e-commerce merchants, including Tuberculosis Channel.
 quarter, financial revenue rose 28 percent year on year, due to higher interest rate
 and support from emerging insurance business.
 Financial continues to finance the technological needs of broad range of customers, including
 individual residential, SME, and corporates.
 Today we have scored 11 million customers and we have 24 percent market share in consumer
 loans below 5,000 Turkish lira.
 One of finance key strike is the assigning right limit to the right customer based on
 the true cell was data.
 We have recently launched a new credit model based on machine learning.
 The initial result indicates higher approval rates and higher limits without negatively
 impacting the historically low cost of these levels.
 Next slide.
 Let's look at our performance in the international segment, which now generate 10% of group revenues.
 In this quarter, Intervention Revenue Group buy 39% here on year.
 Thanks to the expanding subscriber base in all three regions.
 higher mobile data consumption and the positive impact of currency movement, organic growth
 and excluding the currency impact was at 18%.
 Our Ukraine business has continued its operation and performance in this quarter by reaching
 8.9 million mobile subscribers on a 14% rise year on year.
 Growth in local currency turn was 24% yearly, exceeding 20% for the last 4 quarters.
 This business has seen a 4.6 percentage point EBITDA margin improvement year on year on
 the back of limited interconnection cost and well controlled operational expenses.
 In local currency terms, Belarus's revenue declined 2%.
 do you mean it's lower handset size?
 which, on the other hand, affected the ebidthia,
 positive.
 In Belarus, we focus on digital subscription in the third quarter, one out of five new
 customer opted for live-through digital services, digital channels.
 A subsidiary in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus recorded a strong 24% growth with rising
 voice revenues and data usage due to increased mobility after the recovery of education services
 and tourism in the island.
 I would like to end my presentation by sharing our new guidance for the full year.
 Taking into consideration our outstanding nine-month performance and expectation for
 the remainder of the years, we once again revise our guidance uploads.
 Accordingly, we rise our revenue growth guidance to around 20%.
 real revenue growth in a high inflationary environment, we revive our nominal EBITDA
 expectation to arrive around 14.5 billion Turkish lira and expect to
 resistant and operational capex over sales ratio around 21%.
 Lastly, as you remember, we have our last capsule market.
 they back in November 2019.
 Since then, 19 pandemics has significantly impacted our industry and the way we do business.
 These necessities ask to revisit our plan and target in relation to the core business
 and strategic focus area.
 We plan to organize a capital market day after the announcement of full year 2021 results.
 where we aim to reveal our revised three-year business plan and targets.
 We will make necessary announcement regarding the details of the event in time.
 I will now leave the floor to our CFO Osman for the financial discussion.
 Thank you, Rati.
 Now let's take a closer look into our Q3 financials.
 In Q3, we recorded a 9.4 billion TL top line on 22% year-on-year growth.
 Thanks for subscribing to BeziExpansion.
 Higher data and digital service revenues coupled with contributions from international operations
 takes in an equipment sales.
 the first nine months growth exceeded 21 percent.
 our EBITDA reached 4 billion TL level on a 19% increase.
 Net income was solid at 1.4 billion TL, marking 18% yearly growth, mainly driven by solid
 top line growth. The bottom line has settled consistently above $1 billion with the contribution
 of Discipline Financial Risk Management.
 We are pleased with our solid performance
 which exceeded our expectations.
 Next slide.
 Now, some details on revenue and EBITDA developments.
 This quarter, with contribution of all segments,
 generated 1.7 billion TL incremental revenue.
 1 billion TL drives from Turkestan, Turkey.
 This was possible with a larger subscriber base,
 are prographed and upset efforts with price adjustments.
 258 million TL from international subsidiaries supported the top line, mainly due to robust
 subscriber and our performance of Ukrainian operations, as well as the positive impact
 of currency movements.
 Our taxing segment had a 76 million TL positive impact.
 Pay sale and financial has supported this with an annual growth of 53% and 28% respectively.
 The other segment contribution of 334 millenials was mainly driven by increased equipment sales.
 This quarter our ABT margin was at 43% percent.
 The main factors behind the 1.3 percentage points margin of construction year on year
 were as follows. First, minus 0.6 percentage points from gross margin impacted by our energy
 businesses increase cost of goods sold and rising radio costs due to higher energy prices.
 And secondly, minus 0.7 percentage points from SNM expanses, mainly due to increased
 setting expenses on back-off record high net heads during the quarter.
 Now a few words on our balance sheet and leverage.
 total debt increased by 700 million in this quarter mainly due to the currency
 A cash position of around $1.4 billion equivalent, which is mainly in FX, covers our debt service
 until 2025.
 We maintained our leverage below one time in this quarter, despite the second installment
 of the last year's dividend amounting to 862 million TL.
 Including the financing business, this was at 0.8 times the same level as the previous
 quarter.
 We generated just over 1 billion TL of free cash flow thanks to strong operational performance
 as well as relatively lower capex in this quarter.
 Next slide.
 Now, I will go into the management of foreign currency risk.
 We continue to hold the bulk of our cache in hard currencies as a natural hedging tool.
 With hedging instruments...
 in place, the share of FX debt declined from 83 percent to 51 percent as of the end of this quarter.
 Our hedge contracts are cash flow of hedge and covering the full maturity of related
 effect liabilities.
 We were in a long net FX position of 102 million dollars as at the end of Q3,
 and we continue to target a neutral to long FX position going forward.
 Next slide.
 Now, let's take a closer look at our FinTech companies' performance and start with our
 financing business financial. As we communicated before, in line with our
 expectations.
 The negative trend in financial portfolio ended in Q2, and the growth has gradually started.
 revenue is rose by 28% year on year on the back of higher average interest rate on the
 portfolio versus last year and growing insurance revenue.
 We expect to sustain the loan portfolio
 at around $2 billion by the year end.
 A BTA rose by 24% to around 120 million TL with a margin of 73%.
 The 2.3 percentage points margin contraction is due to the base effect as we solve some
 of our debt receivables in Q3 2020.
 2020. As a result of strong collection performance and improvements in the customer portfolio,
 Cost of risk has been declining since the start of this year.
 Cost of risk has remained newly unchanged at 0.3% for this quarter.
 Next slide.
 Lastly, our payments business pay set.
 In line with the global trends, pay sale users continue their payment habits in the post-pandemic
 period, which is reflected in PASAL's solid operational and financial performance.
 PaySale continued to see increased recognition with the contribution of rising active customer
 of customers and merchant numbers in Q3.
 In fact, PASA's 3-month active users reach 6 million, and the number of merchants hit
 The most popular product on our platform, PayLater, delivered another strong performance
 in Q3.
 Pay later volume rose by 84% to 455 million TL year on year.
 Transaction volume of PaySar card has increased to 6-fold of the same period last year and
 reach 657 million TL. As you may remember, at the beginning of the year, we launched
 Android POST for our corporate customers.
 Focusing on virtual POS as well, we shift the TrueStyle payment channels to PayStyle's
 spiritual post, providing a revenue channel for PaySend and saving for TrueSend.
 Thanks to our increased focus on this business,
 The O.S. transaction volume reached 475 million TL in this quarter.
 Overall, in Q3, pay-sell revenues increase by 53% to 190 million TL, 55% of which are
 non-group revenues.
 A VDA margin was at 46 percent, impacted by increased human capital investments and
 and SNM expenditures.
 With its unique product range and disruptive nature, PESA has already taken its place among
 regional fintech leaders.
 As discussed earlier, we are seeking growth capital to scale this business further in
 Turkey.
 globally. This concludes our presentation. We are now ready to take your
 Thank you very much.
 The first question is from the line of Kennedy Good, Jonathan, with J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Good evening, and thanks for the opportunity to ask questions.
 my first question on PaySell, could you give us a sense of what the total payment value across the
 the platform is at the moment and the growth rate there.
 And then just wanted to understand
 why build payments have declined during the quarter.
 That's first question, second question.
 One is to understand how your pricing strategy is evolving at the moment given inflation
 rights.
 And we'll see you in the next video.
 whether you can push mobile art to growth at higher rates
 at higher rates than what you've seen at the moment,
 whether that's hoping for too much into the new year.
 Okay. Jonathan, thank you very much. For the first question regarding total payments,
 It's around 500 million Turkish lira, it's up and down, it's around 500 million.
 And the bill payment is, you know, because it moves from physical channel to the digital
 channel so that's why as you might see is the clamor we see growth but when it
 this is the digital channel, we can get it.
 For the pricing strategy, obviously, you know, to be able to grow the business, there are
 two options in your hand. One of them is growing subscriber base and the other one is the growing
 the ARPU. So we would like to push both of them. This is our strategy since two years
 to an at-house use bag.
 So we would like to push, and on the other hand, the inflation was increasing more than
 expected by the market.
 So our initial plan was, in terms of inflation,
 it's not going to grow that much
 with the customer for 12 months.
 So it will take some time to catch up the real inflation.
 But we're going to push to reach on inflationary pricing.
 As I mentioned, it was quite fast in terms of our expectation, but we'll catch it up.
 But on the other hand, I would like to emphasize our customer growth, because if you want to
 pick one I would prefer on the customer growth side because at the end of the day we can
 create more value from one customer, especially we have other business like pay sale and finance
 self and digital services and so on.
 If we catch customer, we can easily increase their ARPU level in near term.
 So that's why we would like to continue on the same page.
 So regarding growth rate, it is around 85% for payment in pay sale.
 84% range, yeah.
 Sorry, I came back to the first question.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from a line of Kim Ivan with X-Telus Capital. Please go ahead.
 Yes, hi.
 Three questions from my side, actually, if I may.
 Firstly, on 5G auction, when do you expect the 5G auction and what spectrum do you expect
 to be sold.
 band and 700 megahertz. That's one, two, on capital intensity in 22. So how do we think
 about it compared to 21. Do you think capital and test will increase in 22 compared to 21 given where
 where it literally is.
 And then, thirdly, on base sales take rates, it's pretty high, 3% in 2020, and 3.5% if
 If you look at the third quarter of 2021,
 where to expect that they create to evolve when it's
 when the business scales.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 First of all regarding 5G roadmap and auction, obviously there is no official timeline for
 of 5G announced by the regulator.
 There are number of, you know, number of explanation
 or number of announcements coming from ministry.
 But obviously, we have to wait for official announcement.
 5G is vital technology.
 We would like to facilitate this on the digitalization of industry and contribute to the economic
 development of our country.
 However, we believe there are some issues that need to be addressed for the healthy
 lunch.
 First, you
 is the fiber connection of base station.
 The current is similar to the low household penetration.
 Fiber connectivity of base station is not enough for the full flash transition to 5G.
 Secondly, we believe we have not reached a desired localization rate in the development
 of 5G network equipment.
 We think localization rate can only be reached
 around 20% 2023.
 This could be even lower for the core network and base station level.
 Therefore, we believe there are some risks for the full-fledged transition to the local 5G network.
 regarding the license cost or cutback side. First of all, auction structure is not clear yet.
 And we don't have an official timeline, which limits us in making an estimate regarding
 and possible cutbacks or frequency payment.
 the difference between foreigner house she had five she is that for us she was a great leap over 3g
 in terms of speed, particularly for the individual user.
 Therefore, we need some time to see how it's going to end up for the probably end of this
 year.
 For the CAPEX plan 2022 and allocation, we have not finalized our budget planning for
 next year and we will give 2020 guidance when we announce our full year result but I don't
 expect a major increase on the on the copper side even even a little bit
 decrease because we spend cupcakes earlier than expected this year and we get a positive
 result due to the FX fluctuation.
 So next year probably we gonna spend little more cutbacks on the fixed line, on the fiber
 side a little less on the mobile so more or less we're gonna we would like to keep
 similar level on the CapEx site. Sorry for the third question. Could you repeat the
 third question, it was regarding pay sale but I couldn't catch the third question.
 Yes, of course.
 Now, on PaySale, just a quick question on its take rates,
 So basically, we should take a pay sales revenue and divide it by a total payment volume.
 So it's pretty high by international standards, 3% in 2020.
 And if you look at the third quarter, 21, that's 3.5%.
 I was just wondering where to expect that to settle on the business scales.
 Thank you.
 Okay, let me give the word to Osman, he'll answer your question.
 Yes, actually Pace has started this business with as a business unit within the group and then it became a standalone company
 And now we are expanding PASA revenues outside of the group and now more than half of the revenues are coming out of the group
 Actually, the intensity of revenues over total turnover is partly on back of the two factors.
 factor is group revenues and the second but more important factor is our landing business
 pay-later business. Many payment companies do not have this pay-later business which
 which is a relatively more profitable part of the fintech business, you can see some
 international examples. There are companies, fintech companies, payment
 service companies which are on the processing payments and doing remittances and on the
 On the other hand, there are pay-later businesses which have higher profitability and higher
 scale. We are a combination of both. We either have a high-volume turnover. On the other hand,
 We have a higher profitability thanks to our strong penetration in Pre-PaySAN network.
 What we are aiming at going forward is to first penetrate in the overall Turkish market.
 We are expanding our footprint outside of Turkey's Turkish Air Group.
 We are aiming to double our customer base in a couple of years and then we want to expand
 regionally and then later on globally, that is why we are seeking growth capital for this
 business, but we will not be doing that at the expense of negative EBITDAs and negative
 profitability. We will keep the healthy balance sheet while doing this growth.
 That's great. It's very helpful. Thank you
 The next question is from a line of Cabachec Andre with UBS, please go ahead.
 Hello and thank you for the presentation. I have one follow-up and three questions if I may.
 the follow-up pertains to the fiber connectivity on towers that you mentioned is a kind of prerequisite to
 to you think, you know, running the 5G auction properly.
 So can you expand on that?
 Does that mean perhaps that you are, you know, kind of,
 or you would be kind of pushing for some kind of large scale
 regulated fiber access needed, you know, across the market to connect base stations, you know, across the
 operators for 5G to really be successful, is this what you mean?
 And then the three questions, I believe you mentioned 400,000 homes passed in terms of
 fiber year to date, can you give us an idea in terms of the take up on that footprint
 so far and where this take-up is coming from, whether these are, you know, green-field customers
 or whether you're perhaps taking market share in some areas.
 question, if I may understand in terms of your COPICS guidance, you are now guiding
 for the low end. I know it's not a huge difference, but with the lira, I think they appreciate it again
 in the fourth quarter, what has changed in your plans?
 third question, a quick one on Ukraine, please, you know, some or one of your
 appears is looking at doing something with their towers in Ukraine is this also an area
 I know you're doing that in Turkey, but is it also something that you're, you know, looking at in Ukraine? Thank you.
 Thank you very much. For the fiber connectivity, in Turkey overall, I'm talking about all operators,
 the reaching to the base station with the fiber is around less than 40% and even incumbent
 operator has less than 50%. So in this case, without fiber reaching to the base station,
 it is difficult to give proper 5G services.
 On the other hand, for existing a base station,
 Numbers like around hundred thousand for whole whole operator probably when we go to the 5G it's gonna be
 maybe ten times higher the base station so it the fiber connectivity and fiber
 reaching fiber with the proper connection. This is mandatory, I believe. Regarding 400K
 at home, past year's date.
 So it is, yeah.
 We're going to see the increased demand on the fiber.
 So our take-up rate for this segment is around more than 20%
 for the first year, but to reach the real take-up rate
 is around 45%.
 So we are faster than our business case.
 So there are existing greenfield customer as well as the customer from the competition.
 So in terms of market share, I believe we have more than
 50% in the area where we reach. For the guidance of lower capex, you know, there are two things
 about CAPEX. We did two important actions for this year. First of all, we did advance
 payment to the supplier by lowering the cost of equipment, so which helps us, our CAPEX
 management.
 The second one is we decided to invest earlier than expected, which means the first half
 of this year so which is front-loaded investment so this is going to help us to address the
 CAPEX guidance level. So for the CAPEX guidance, even though we see a dramatic increase on the
 the effects side, we don't want to change our guidance.
 the Ukraine, actually I have no idea what the peers are doing on the tower side, so
 I don't want to comment on things that I have no clue about it.
 Thank you very much. If I may just a quick follow-up in terms of the connectivity you mentioned,
 You know, sub 50% of the power is even for the incumbent, for the market about 40%.
 What is your proposal then?
 What do you think needs to be sorted for the 5G auction
 to make sense at this stage.
 I will see the public to announce our proposal.
 Turkey needs a common infrastructure company, a common investment portfolio, because if
 If everybody invests on expensive fiber side, it doesn't help countries, economy doesn't
 have for, you know, services side of it.
 If we invest cupcakes underground, we will probably run out of money to give services
 to the customer, digital services, I mean, so that's the, you know, that's one proposal
 on the table.
 Let's have common investment on fiber.
 Let's compete on the services side, not the infrastructure side, because the infrastructure
 competition is old world, old world competition.
 Understood.
 If I make 31 a final one, what do you think needs to happen for, you know, a common infrastructure
 company to be a reality in Turkey. What do you think needs to happen? Thank you.
 I think the wise way and intelligent way to establish this thing, I think the ministry
 has the vision to implement such a common infrastructure company, and there are, you
 know, the intention to do so. So we'll see what's going to happen. But I think the region
 is there, the vision of the Prime Minister, sorry, President is there, the vision of Ministry
 of transportation and communication is there.
 So I think this is the wise way.
 And all these people, to tell a conversation, has uncertainty with the Minister of Communication
 also told that this uncertainty sometimes blocks some of the things, but I think reasonable
 People understand that Turkey is a common fiber infrastructure.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from a land of Naginora with Erste Group. Please go ahead.
 Good evening. Thank you for the presentation. I only have one question from my side, please.
 Do you plan to take the fixed asset evaluation
 out by a new legislation.
 So to use that as the first tax income release, as we have seen in case of Turcalacom.
 Thank you.
 Okay, let's let Osman to take this question actually we disclose same application in Q in our Q2 financial
 And there are further opportunities on our balance sheet which we are evaluating further
 and we will decide on this issue in our year-end financials.
 Nancy, thank you.
 The next question is a follow-up question from the land of Kabachek, Andrei, with UBS. Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Just one follow-up, please, in terms of the other headlines
 we saw today with you, you know, looking for monetizing the fintech business, is it still
 the case that you prefer a strategic partner who would help you develop this business from
 a minority perspective or are you in a different place compared to the past couple of quarters
 where you were kind of suggesting this would be the preferred option.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you. First of all, regarding the monetization or strategic partnership things,
 It was a secret, it was, you know, we were talking about Super Online, we were talking
 about our tower business, we are talking about pay sale and fintech side, so I think this
 This is a good opportunity and we are planning to offer minorities a stake and the partner
 we're looking for should ideally be able to contribute to pace as growth story, not only
 provide growth capital. We should be able to share, know how, make expansion plans and
 make sure that the business further evolves and potentially get ready for an IPO in the
 next couple of years.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Demiraka Yahan with AK Investments.
 please go ahead
 Hi, thank you very much for the presentation on the pace outside.
 Do you have some kind of the valuation range for the stake sale?
 And the second question related to the first remark about the inflationary pricing and the
 the return inflationary in mind, if I understand right,
 And you expect the blended arson growth
 at least to converge to somewhere close to inflation.
 On the third question about impregnation operations,
 I think for the past couple of quarters,
 the operations are performing quite well.
 I mean, could you give us some color on that?
 I think particularly subscriber editions are strong because of market share or market growth.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much. First of all regarding PESA obviously one of our PESA is one of our most important and valuable asset.
 Not just Pacer, also we have other assets as well.
 We disclosed the company's financial and operational metrics every quarter in our presentation,
 And we were quite, you know, open to the market as well.
 And we all know the fintechs and payment companies around the world enjoy the quite high multiples
 and thanks to their disruptive nature and unique growth profiles.
 And these companies are mostly having negative EBITDAs,
 which makes their valuation to be based on their revenues.
 but our pacer has a positive EBITDA margin
 with strong growth profile.
 Thanks to its diversified business model involving group and non-group revenue as well as individual
 user and merchants.
 Both in terms of revenue growth and EBITDA margin, pay sale is a unique business.
 So, everybody can do the math for the valuation by using the global revenue and EBITDA multiples.
 That's the valuation of PESA per global average.
 regarding about inflation and pricing,
 or to grow and so on.
 I think I've tried to explain that.
 We would like to keep our R2 in line with inflation increase.
 As I said, our initial plan was not
 expected that much increase on the inflation side.
 So to be able to adapt, inflation increase,
 Sometimes we need, we need time.
 So I believe that we're going to catch the inflation.
 I hope inflation is not going to go at the same speed as we see today, so we can catch
 this in a while. But on the other hand, we shouldn't forget that we are gaining customers.
 Two and a half million customers from
 year at the beginning of the year.
 So this customer, when we get the customer, we put them into the system and provide upsell
 opportunities for this customer and sell other other products like pay sell, digital services,
 TV and so on. So it will take some time to get an acceptable RPU level for the customer
 who come recently.
 So we have quite an important system in terms of using AI
 and other technology, customer centers,
 and so on.
 will get to the acceptable level.
 Regarding Ukraine operation, actually, this is not the result of last quarter.
 We have focused on Ukraine last couple of years.
 We invested in the area where we have weak network and captured the customer.
 So we're probably going to continue on the customer side in a similar level, but I would
 like to remind that our subscriber growth is 14% year-over-year, our article growth is
 9% is above the inflation of Ukraine, plus we are doing better than the competition and
 And we are gaining market share in terms of revenue, in terms of customer as well.
 And you're growing almost double percentage point versus the competition.
 So we're going to keep grabbing market share.
 And our expectation is there as well.
 Thank you.
 as a follow-up on the subscribers, additions, gains,
 And do you think we can see the current phase of emissions we are hoping to have one million
 million?
 you wrote you had a more realistic number for the next few.
 To be honest, we are in the telecom business, we are in the technology business, we are
 services business, and we are in tech field business, and so on.
 So to be able to successful on this area, you need to get more customer.
 So our gaining customer's strategy will continue.
 We hope to see another million next year.
 As I mentioned, this year is our Sunday here.
 and having such a customer is very important
 for next year revenues as well, because you gain this year,
 You spent.
 Subscri-
 subscriber acquisition cost this year but you get the real revenue for next year
 So I think the strategy is in line.
 We are executing well on the operation side.
 and we hope to continue this level.
 Thank you, and congratulations on the results.
 Ladies and gentlemen there are no further questions at this time I will now turn the conference over to Turks of Management for any closing comments. Thank you
 First of all, I would like to thank everyone to join our conference call
 I hope to see you in our capital market days at the end of actually the beginning of next
 year.
 Thank you very much. Have a good day.
 So this concludes our call.
 Thank you for joining.
 Have a nice day or evening.
 Thank you.