 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by.
 I'm Konstantinos, your course code operator.
 Welcome and thank you for joining the Turkcells conference call and live webcast to present
 and discuss the Turkish third quarter
 2021 Financial Results Conference Call.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Alistair Dal Yadzi, Investor Relations
 and Corporate Finance Director.
 Mr. Yatsi, you may now proceed.
 Thank you, Konstantinos.
 Hello everyone.
 Welcome to Turkcell's third quarter financial and operational results call.
 Today's speakers are our CEO, Mr. Murat Erkan, and our CFO, Mr. Osman Yilmaz.
 They will be delivering a brief presentation and afterwards, taking your questions.
 Before we start, I'd like to kindly remind you to review the last page of this presentation
 for our Safe Harbor Statement.
 Now I hand over to Mr. Akan.
 Thank you, Serdar.
 Good morning and good afternoon to all
 Welcome to our presentation, and thank you for joining us.
 In the third quarter, we recorded 22.3% revenue growth, and our EBITDA reached 4 billion Turkish
 Lira for the first time
 implying an EBITDA margin
 of 43.1%
 Growing
 18% year on year
 we recorded a net income of
 1.4 billion Turkish lira, an all-time high quarterly figure.
 net income settled above
 1 billion Turkish lira run rate
 per quarter
 Our customer-centric strategy, diversify business models, and focus on mobile and fixed network
 quality are the key factors of the sustainable performance, which was further supported by
 increase mobility in this quarter.
 This strategy has enabled us to continue outstanding growth in total subscribers by 1.2 million, which marked the record of the past 14 years.
 In the first nine months of the year, we gained a total of 2.5 million subscribers, further strengthening the subscriber base for the upcoming terms.
 The output trend remains robust at 12% for mobile and 10% for residential fiber.
 Lastly, this quarter, the revenue share of digital channels
 in consumer sales rose to 17%,
 increasing 5 percentage points year on year we have also distributed the last
 installment of the 2021 dividend on October 27th in consideration of the
 solid result we further increase our full year guidance which i will celebrate on my last slide
 Next slide.
 Here we see the operational performance of the third quarter.
 In all three fronts, mobile, fixed, broadband, and IPTV, we delivered a strong net ad performance.
 On the mobile front, we gained a net 464,000 postpaid and 643,000 prepaid subscribers.
 This outstanding performance was achieved through our customer-focused offer, innovative
 service portfolio and also supported by increased mobility thanks to vaccination high net at
 performance in prepaid subscriber is
 due to the visit of
 Turks living abroad
 after lifting
 of restriction in international travel.
 The average monthly mobile show rate was at 1.9%, well below that of the last year.
 And we believe around 2% monthly churn is a healthy level in this market.
 Blended mobile ARP rose to 58%
 58 Turkish Lira
 on 12% increase
 thanks to higher post-based subscriber base, upsell to higher tariffs, price adjustments,
 and increase data and digital service usage.
 Also, our AI-based analytical capabilities, we observe strong upsell levels and the incremental
 that an upsell postpaid customer pays in two times
 that of same quarter last year.
 In the fixed broadband segment, amid the prevailing demand for high-speed connections with a back-to-school period, we gained net 60,000 fiber subscribers with our high-speed fiber internet offers.
 track as we exceeded 400,000 new home
 passes in the first nine months.
 This quarter, we also welcome our 25th city in our fiber network.
 We are pleased to register a further 51,000 net addition to our IPTV subscriber exceeding
 one million customer
 this quarter.
 IPTV's penetration within the residential fiber subscriber reached 63% accordingly.
 residential fiber
 Harper rolls to
 7 to 9, Turkish Tera
 on 10% growth
 13%
 any fiber subscriber growth
 should be taken into consideration where we aim to manage a delicate balance between ARPA growth
 and net edition
 Next, an update on the data usage and foreigner house cheese subscription trends.
 English mobile data usage draws 12% year-on-year to 13.7 GB per user.
 The rise in data consumption was due mainly to higher content consumption boosted by seasonality
 and lifted restrictions.
 Out of the 34 million subscribers sign up for foreign houses services, around 70% have
 for our housing compatible smartphones.
 still indicating growth potential for the upcoming quarters, and implying further room for growth in data consumption.
 Overall, smartphone penetration is at 84%, with 92% of these units being 4.5C competitive.
 Moving on to phase six.
 We reap the benefit of our careful plan efforts to provide best-in-class services,
 which is evident by the outstanding net-ed figures in this quarter.
 our well-invested high-quality network and strong infrastructure is once again confirmed in the GSA report
 With its rich spectrum assets and well-planned modern infrastructure,
 Turkcell is able to provide
 Speed of up to 1.6 gigabit per second
 which even exceeded the 5 GCPs provided by
 certain operators with this capability
 Twitchside ranks among the world's top three operators
 and it's fastest foreign
 network infrastructure
 in Europe
 our long-time invested customer-centric approach,
 which enables
 to provide
 service addressing customer
 exact needs has made
 as a winner at the European customer
 centristi of efforts
 at the Turkcell team
 we have realized over
 hundred projects that
 touch to the hearts of our customer.
 Additionally, our key strength, including data-driven personalized offer and extensive
 data-driven offer.
 channels both physical and digital stand out as core factors influencing customer
 decision-making with all of a ball customer have continued to recommend
 Turkcell over the competition
 this quarter, even extended
 the white gap with the second best.
 Next.
 Now, our strategic focus areas, let's zoom into digital services and solutions.
 The standalone revenue from digital services and solutions continued its strong growth at 31% year-on-year, reaching 435 million Turkish Lira.
 the paid user base reached 3.6 million up 0.9 million from last year we are
 delighted to have reached
 Another remarkable milestone for our digital services as the IPTV user base exceeded 1 million in September.
 TV Plus has continued to increase its share in the TV market, reaching just above 13%
 in q2 and it is the only tv platform have steadily increased its share for the past 12 quarters
 Content and product quality enable us to increase prices whereby the product enjoys rising retention levels.
 With its robust infrastructure, BIP, our instant messaging platform, provides seamless communication and has reached 27 million 3-month active users this quarter.
 tripled from the same quarter last year.
 A quarter of the active user base is abroad, where the leading countries are highly populated
 countries like Nigeria,
 Indonesia and Bangladesh
 Our constant effort in our digital services are improving.
 the user experience of the application
 and we achieve this
 by responding to our customer needs.
 For instance, new features in BIP this quarter include the status posting and video group
 call with up to 15 people
 on Fizi
 our digital music services
 we have added over
 120 podcast series
 Next slide.
 Next is the digital business services.
 we continue to lead
 end-to-end digital journey of corporate
 in Turkey. This has resulted
 in a revenue
 499 million Turkish lira
 from Digital Business Services this quarter.
 Of the total revenues, 75% are service revenue, which rose by 28% year-on-year.
 From the service revenues, we have seen continuous strong demand, particularly in data center
 and cloud business, cybersecurity services, and IOT.
 we sign
 575 new
 contracts with the total contract value of two hundred twenty one million overall
 backlogs from the system integration project signed to date is at 832 million
 Turkish Lira, which will be
 contributing to the top line in the
 upcoming quarters
 This quarter, we continued our product launch in cybersecurity and cloud services.
 WatchGuard is an economic and flexible fiber solution that works in physical and virtual system.
 And as the first in the country, object storage is a cloud-based solution for the further support, the vision of keeping corporate data in Turkey.
 Next slide.
 Last but not least, in our Techfin focus.
 TechWin services revenue rose to 281 billion Turkish Lira on 37% year-on-year growth.
 Pace has sold another remarkable quarter, topping 6 million active users on a 30% rise year-on-year.
 The revenue saw 53% year-on-year growth, mainly with traction in the pay-letter product.
 We start to monetize post solution which includes virtual and physical Android post services
 We have installed 1.7,000 devices at the local SMEs and also launched our virtual post solution
 with 900 e-commerce merchants, including Tutsa Seychelles.
 This quarter, financial revenue rose 28% year-on-year.
 due to higher interest rate
 and support from emerging insurance business.
 Financell continues to finance technological needs of a broad range of customers, including individual residentials,
 SME and corporates
 To date, we have scored 11 million customers and we have 24% market share in consumer loans
 below 5000 Turkish
 one of
 Financial key strength is the assigning right limit to the right customer based on Turkcell
 lost data.
 data.
 We have recently launched a new credit model based on machine learning.
 Initial results indicate higher approval rates and higher limits without negatively impacting
 the historical law
 cost office levels.
 Next slide.
 Let's look at our performance in the international segment, which now generates 10% of group revenues.
 In this quarter, international revenue grew by 39% year-on-year thanks to the expanding
 subscribed with
 in all three regions.
 Hayır.
 mobile data consumption and the positive impact of currency movement organic
 growth and excluding the currency impact was at 18 percent. Our Ukraine business has continued its
 so operational performance in this quarter by reaching 8.9 million mobile subscribers
 on a 14% rise year-on-year.
 Revenue growth in local currency terms was 24% yearly, exceeding 20% for the last four quarters.
 This business has seen a 4.6 percentage point EBITDA margin improvement year-on-year
 on the back of limited interconnection costs and well-controlled operational expenses.
 In local currency terms, Belarus revenue declined 2%, due mainly to lower handset sales, which
 on the other hand, affected the
 Ebit diye mercim pozitifli.
 Belarus, we've
 In Belarus, we focused on digital subscription.
 In the third quarter, one out of five new customers opted for live through digital channels.
 Our subsidiary in Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus recorded strong 24% growth with rising voice revenues and data usage due to increased mobility after the recovery of education services and tourism in the island.
 I would like to end my presentation by sharing our new guidance for the full year.
 Taking into consideration our outstanding nine-month performance and expectation for the remainder of the years, we once again revise our guidance upwards.
 accordingly we rise our revenue growth guidance to around 20% generating real
 revenue grow in a high inflationary environment we revised our nominal EBIT
 the expectation to arrive around 14.5 billion Turkish to that and expect to
 registered and operational capex over sales ratio around 21%
 lastly as you remember
 we have our last capsule market day back in November 2019 since then
 COVID-19 pandemic has
 significantly impacted our
 industry and the way we do
 business. These necessities
 visit our plan and target in relation to the core business and strategic focus
 area.
 We plan to organize a capital market day after the announcement of the full year 2021 results,
 where we aim to reveal our revised three-year business plan and targets.
 We will make necessary announcements regarding the details of the event in time.
 I will now leave the floor to our CFO Osman for the financial discussion.
 Thank you, Murat Bey. Now let's take a closer look into our Q3 financials.
 In Q3, we recorded a 9.4 billion TL top line on 22% year-on-year growth
 thanks to subscriber-based expansion, higher data and digital service revenues,
 coupled with contributions from international operations,
 Techfin and Equipment Sales.
 the first nine-month growth exceeded 21%.
 Our EBITDA reached 4 billion TL level on a 19% increase.
 Net income was solid at 1.4 billion TL, marking 18% yearly growth, mainly driven by solid
 top-line growth.
 The bottom line has settled consistently above 1 billion TL with the contribution of disciplined
 financial risk management.
 We are pleased with our solid performance, which exceeded our expectations.
 Next slide.
 Now some details on revenue and EBITDA developments.
 This quarter, with contribution of all segments, we generated 1.7 billion TL incremental revenue.
 1 billion TL derives from Turkcell, Turkey.
 This was possible with a larger subscriber base, ARPA growth, and upsell efforts with
 price adjustments. 258 million TL from international subsidiaries supported the top line mainly
 due to robust subscriber and ample performance of Ukrainian operations, as well as the positive
 impact of currency movements.
 Our tech trend segment had a 7-6 million TL positive impact.
 Paycel and Financiel has supported this with an annual growth of 53 and 28% respectively.
 The other segment contribution of 334 million TL was mainly driven by increased equipment
 sales. This quarter, our EBITDA margin was at 43%. The main factors behind the 1.3 percentage points
 margin of contraction year-on-year were as follows first minus 0.6 percentage
 points from gross margin impacted by our energy businesses increased costs of goods sold and
 rising radio costs due to higher energy prices, and secondly, minus 0.7 percentage points from
 S&M expenses, mainly due to increased selling expenses, on back-of-record-hire net ads during
 the quarter.
 next slide now a few words on our balance sheet and leverage our total debt
 increased by 700 million TL in this quarter mainly due to the currency
 movements a cash position of around 1.4 billion dollar equivalent which is
 mainly in FX, covers our debt service until 2025.
 We maintained our leverage below one time in this quarter, despite the second installment
 of last year's dividend amounting to 862 million TL.
 According to financing business, this was at 0.8 times, the same level as the previous
 quarter.
 We generated just over 1 billion TL of free cash flow thanks to strong operational performance
 as well.
 as relatively lower capex in this quarter.
 like now I will go into the management of foreign currency risk we continue to
 hold the bulk of our cache in hard currencies as a natural hedging tool.
 With hedging instruments in place, the share of FX debt declined from 83% to 51% as of
 the end of this quarter. Our hedge contracts are cash flow of hedges and covering the full
 maturity of related effects liabilities.
 We were in a long NetFX position of $122 million
 dollar is at the end of Q3, and we continue to target a neutral to long FX position going
 forward. Next slide. Now let's take a closer look at our fintech companies
 performance and start with our financing business financial as you communicated
 before, in line with our expectations, the negative trend in financials portfolio ended
 in q2 and the growth has gradually started revenues rose by 28 percent year-on-year on the back of
 higher average interest rate on the portfolio versus last year, and growing insurance revenue.
 We expect to sustain the loan portfolio at around 2 billion TL by the year-end.
 EBITDA rose by 24% to around 120 million TL with a margin of 73%.
 The 2.3 percentage points margin contraction is due to the base effect as we sold some of our receivable debt receivables in Q3, 2020.
 As a result of strong collection performance and improvements in the customer portfolio,
 of risk has been declining since the start of this year.
 of risk has remained nearly unchanged at 0.3% for this quarter.
 Lastly, our payments business, PaySell.
 In line with the global trends, PaySell users continue their payment habits in the post-pandemic period,
 which is reflected in Paysal's solid operational and financial performance.
 Paysal continued to see increased recognition with the contribution of
 rising active customers and merchant numbers in Q3.
 In fact, PESAS
 three-month active users reach six million and the number of merchants hit
 14,000. The most popular product
 on our platform, PayLater delivered another strong performance in Q3. PayLater volume
 rose by 84% to 455 million TL year-on-year.
 volume of Payser card has increased to six-fold of the same period last year and reached 657
 million TL. As you may remember, at the beginning of the year, we launched Android Post for
 our corporate customers. Focusing on virtual POS as well, we shifted Turkcell payment channels
 to Paysal's virtual posts, providing a revenue channel for Paysal and saving for Turkcell.
 Thanks to our increased focus on this business, POS transaction volume reached 475 million TL in this quarter.
 Overall, in Q3, pay cell revenues increased by 53% to 190 million TL, 55% of which are
 non-group revenues.
 The ATM margin was at 46%, impacted by increased human capital investments and S&M expenditures.
 With its unique product range and disruptive nature,
 Paycell has already taken its place among regional fintech leaders.
 As discussed earlier, we are seeking growth capital to scale this business further in
 in Turkey and then globally.
 This concludes our presentation.
 We are now ready to take your questions.
 Thank you very much.
 The first question is from the line of Kennedy Good Jonathan with JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Good evening, and thanks for the opportunity to ask questions.
 My first question on PaySell, could you give us a sense of what the total payment value across the platform is at the moment and the growth rate there?
 And then just wanted to understand why bill payments have declined during the quarter.
 that's first question
 And the second question,
 Um,
 I wanted to understand how your pricing strategy is evolving at the moment,
 given inflation rates
 and whether you can push mobile ARPU growth
 at higher rates than what you've seen at the moment
 or whether that's hoping for too much into the new year.
 Yeah.
 Okay, Jonathan, thank you very much
 For the first question regarding total payment, it's around 500 million Turkish lira, up and down, around 500 million.
 the the bill payment is you know because it it moves from physical channel to the
 digital channel so that's why as you might see is the climate we see growth
 but when it moves to the digital channel we can get it for the pricing strategy
 obviously
 you know, to be able to grow
 the business there are two option in your hand one of them is growing
 subscriber base and the other one is the growing they are proof so we would like
 to push both of them this is our strategy since two years two and a half years back so we would
 like to push out and on the other hand the inflation was increasing more than
 expected by the market.
 So our initial plan was, in terms of inflation, it's not going to grow that much.
 but we're adopting ourselves based on pricing but as you know we have a
 contract with the customer for 12 months so it will take some time to catch up the real inflation
 but we're going to push
 to reach
 on inflationary pricing as I mentioned it was quite fast in terms of our
 expectation but we'll catch it up but on the other end I would like to emphasize
 are our customer growth because if you want to pick one I would prefer on the
 customer growth side because it then
 of today we can
 create more value
 from one customer, especially
 we have other businesses
 like Pesach and
 financial
 and digital services and so on.
 If we catch customers, we can easily increase their ARPU level in near term.
 So that's why we would like to continue on the table.
 So regarding growth rate, it is around 85% for payment in pay sale.
 8%, 4% range, yeah.
 Sorry, I came back to the first question.
 Yeah.
 The next question is from the line of Kim Ivan with Excel's Capital.
 So please go ahead.
 Yes, hi.
 three questions
 from my side, actually, if I may.
 firstly on 5G
 auction when to expect the 5g auction and what spectrum do you expect to be sold
 this is C band and 700 megahertz that's one in two on capital intensity in 22 so
 how do we think about it compared to 21 do you think capital and test you will
 increase in 22 compared to 21 given our
 to use.
 Yes.
 And then thirdly,
 on
 And pay sales take rate, it's pretty high, 3% in 2020 and like 3.5% if you look at the
 third quarter of 21
 we do expect that they create to evolve when it's when the business scales thank
 Thank you very much
 Ivan Kim
 First of all, regarding
 5G roadmap
 have an option obviously there is no
 official timeline for 5g announced by the regulator there are number of you
 you know, number of explanations
 or number of announcements
 coming from ministry
 but obviously we have to wait for official announcement 5g is vital
 technology we would like to
 facilitate this
 on the digitalization of industry
 and contribute to the economic development of our country.
 However, we believe there are some issues that need to be addressed for the healthy
 launch. First is the fiber
 connection of base station current is
 similar to the low household penetration fiber
 connectivity of base station is not
 enough for the full-fledged transition to 5G. Secondly, we believe we have not reached a desired
 localization rate in the development of 5G network equipment.
 We think localization rate can only be reached around 20%
 2023
 this could be even lower for the coordinates work and base station level
 Therefore, we believe there are some risks for the full-fledged transition to the local
 5G network
 regarding
 license costs
 or
 complex side first of all the auction structure is not clear yet and we don't
 have a official timeline which limits us in making an estimate regarding a
 possible cut capex or frequency payment the difference between for a house to
 She had five sheaths, then 400 sheaths must be.
 great leap over 3g in terms of speed particularly for the individual user
 therefore we need some time to to see how it's gonna end up for the for that
 probably end of this year.
 for the CapEx plan
 2022 and allocation we have not finalized our budget planning for the next year and we will give
 2020 guidance when we announce our full year result but i don't expect a major increase
 on the
 Cup XA
 even
 a little bit decrease
 because
 we spend
 capex earlier than expected this year and we get positive result due to the
 effects
 fluctuation
 so next year probably
 we're going to spend a little more
 CapEx on the fixed line on the fiber side little less on the mobile so
 more or less we're gonna we would like to keep similar level on the on the
 COPEX side.
 sorry for the
 for the third question.
 Could you repeat the third question?
 it was regarding pay sell but I couldn't
 catch the third question.
 Yes, of course. On PaySell, just a quick question on its take rate.
 So basically, if you take pay sales revenue and divide it by total payment volume, so
 it's pretty high by international standards three percent in 2020 and if
 you look at the third quarter 21 it's three and a half percent so I was just
 wondering where to expect that to settle when the business scales thank you okay
 Let me give the word to Osman, he'll answer your question.
 Yes.
 Actually, Paycell started its business as a business unit within the group.
 and then it became a standalone company and now we are expanding pay sale revenues outside of the
 group and now more than half of the revenues are coming out of the group
 actually the intensity of
 revenues over total turnover
 is partly on back of the two factors first factor is a group group revenues
 And the second but more important factor is our lending business, pay later business.
 But many payment companies do not have this pay later business, which is a relatively
 the more profitable part of the fintech business you can see some international
 examples. There are companies
 fintech companies, payment service companies
 which are only processing payments
 and doing remittances, and on the other hand, there are pay later businesses which have
 higher profitability and higher growth scale.
 We are a combination of both.
 we either have a high turnover, on the other hand, we have a higher profitability thanks
 to our strong penetration in prepaid cell network what we are aiming going
 forward is to first to penetrate in overall turkish market we are expanding our footprint outside of
 Turkcell group and we are aiming to double our customer base in a couple of
 years and then we want to expand regionally and then later on globally
 that is why we are seeking growth capital for this business but we are we
 We will not be doing that at the expense of negative EBITDAs and negative profitabilities.
 we will keep the healthy balance sheet
 while doing this craft.
 That's great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
 The next question is from a line of Kabecek-Andre with UBS, please go ahead.
 Hello, and thank you for the presentation.
 I have one follow-up and three questions, if I may.
 uh the follow-up pertains to the fiber connectivity on towers that you mentioned
 as a kind of prerequisite to you think um you know running the the 5g auction properly so can you
 expand on that does that mean perhaps that you are you know kind of or you
 would be
 uh kind of pushing for a uh some kind of large scale regulated fiber access uh needed you know
 you know, across the market to connect base stations,
 across the operators for 5G to really be successful?
 Is this what you mean?
 and then the three questions
 I believe you mentioned
 400,000
 homes passed in terms of
 fiber year to date.
 can you
 give us an idea in terms of
 the take up on that footprint so far
 and where this take-up is coming from,
 whether these are, you know, Greenfield customers
 or whether you're perhaps taking market share in some areas.
 Second question, if I may understand, in terms of your COPEX guidance, you are now guiding
 for the low end. I know it's not a huge difference
 but with the lira having depreciated again in the fourth quarter,
 what has changed
 in your plans
 And third question, a quick one on Ukraine, please, you know, some or one of your peers is looking at doing something with their towers in Ukraine.
 Is this also an area?
 I know you're doing that in Turkey, but is it also something that you're looking at in Ukraine?
 Thank you.
 uh thank you very much for the fiber connectivity
 in in Turkey overall for I'm talking about all operator the reaching to the
 base station with the fiber is around less than 40 percent and and even
 incumbent operator has less than
 percent so in this case without fiber X fiber reaching to the base station it is
 defecute
 give proper
 5G services.
 On the other hand, for existing base station numbers like around 100,000 per whole operator,
 probably when we go to the 5G
 is going to be maybe
 10 times higher
 the base station so it the fiber connectivity and fiber reach reaching
 fiber with the proper connection this is mandatory I believe regarding 400k home
 past years, right?
 so it is yeah we have we're gonna see the increase the demand on the fiber so
 So our take-up rate for this segment is around more than 20% for the first year.
 But to reach the real take-up rate is around 45 percent, so we are faster than our business case
 so there are
 existing Greenfield customer
 as well as the customer from the competition so in terms of market share
 I believe we have more than 50% in the area where we reach.
 the guidance of lower capex you know there are two things about capex we did
 two important
 action for this year
 first of all we did advance payment to the supplier by lowering the cost of
 equipment so each which help us our complex management the second one is we
 we decided to invest earlier than expected which means first half of this year so which is front
 loaded investment so this is going to help us to address the capex guidance
 level. So for the
 CAPEX guidance even though we
 see dramatic increase on the FX side we don't want to change our guidance for
 the Ukraine
 actually I have no idea
 love the
 What are the peers are doing on the tower side?
 so
 I don't want to comment on
 things that I have
 no clue about it.
 Thank you very much.
 If I may just a quick follow-up in terms of the connected to you.
 So you mentioned, you know,
 sub 50% of
 towers, even for the incumbent, for the market about 40%.
 but what is your proposal then?
 And what do you think needs to be sorted for the 5G auction to make sense at this stage?
 Obviously, we publicly announced our proposal, Turkey needs a common infrastructure company,
 common investment portfolio
 because if everybody
 the investor
 on extensive
 fiber side, it doesn't help
 country's economy doesn't help
 for, you know,
 services side of it
 if we invest
 complex underground we will probably run out of money to give services to the
 customer how digital services I mean showed that's the you know this one
 proposal on the table let's have common investment on fiber let's compete on the
 services side, not the infrastructure side, because infrastructure competition is all
 where all the world
 competition understood and if I'm a 31 a final one what do you think needs to
 happen for for you know a common infrastructure company to to be a
 a reality in Turkey? What do you think
 needs to happen? Thank you.
 I think the
 wise way
 and
 intelligent way
 to establish this thing
 I think
 the
 ministry has
 has the vision to implement
 such a common infrastructure company
 and there are
 uh... you know
 the intention to do so.
 so we'll see what's going to happen
 But I think the vision is there.
 the vision of the Prime Minister
 is there
 the vision of
 Ministry of Transportation
 and Communication is there, so
 I think
 This is the wise way.
 And obviously, the telecom concession has uncertainty.
 Recently, the Minister of Communication also told that this uncertainty sometimes blocks some of the things.
 but I think
 uh... you know
 reasonable
 people understand that
 Turkey is a common fiber infrastructure.
 That's clear.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from the line of Maggie Nora with Erste Group.
 Please go ahead.
 Good evening, guys.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 Only one question from my side, please.
 Do you plan to take the fifth accessory valuation allowed by a new legislation so that it is
 that as a deferred tax income release as we have seen in case of Turk Telecom.
 Thank you.
 Okay, let's Osman to take this question.
 Actually, we disclosed the same application in our Q2 financial,
 and there are further opportunities on our balance sheet which we are evaluating
 further and we will decide on this issue in our year-end financials
 Thank you.
 The next question is a follow-up question from the line of Kabacek Andre with UBS.
 please go ahead
 Thank you.
 Just one follow-up, please, in terms of the other headlines that we saw today
 with you, you know, looking for monetizing the fintech business,
 it's still the case that you prefer a strategic partner who would help you
 develop this business from a minority perspective or are you you know are you
 in a different place compared to the past couple of quarters
 where you were kind of suggesting
 this would be the preferred option.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you.
 first of all regarding the monetization or strategic partnership things it was a secret
 it was you know we were talking about super online we were talking about our tower business
 We're talking about Paysel and Fintech side.
 so I think
 this is
 good opportunity
 about and we are planning to offer minority stake and the partner we're
 looking for should ideally be able to contribute to pace as growth story not
 only provide group capital we should be able to share know-how make expansion
 plans and make sure that the business further evolves and potentially get ready for an IPO
 in the next couple of years.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Demirak Kayahan with AK Investment. Please go ahead.
 hi thank you very much for the presentation on the pay cell site do you
 have some kind of a devaluation range for the stake sale and the second question related to the
 first remark about the inflationary pricing and the return to inflationary
 If I understand it right, you expect the blended type of growth at least to converge to somewhere
 close to
 the inflation
 and the
 The third question is about the impringent operations.
 I think for the past couple of quarters,
 The operations are performing quite well.
 I mean, could you give us some color on that?
 I think particularly subscriber editions are strong because of market sharing or market is growing.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 First of all, regarding PESA,
 obviously one of our
 Pace is one of our most important
 and very little asset.
 not just space
 and also we have other assets as well.
 We disclosed the company's financial and operational metric
 every quarter in our presentation.
 and quite
 we were quite you know open to the market as well and we all know the fintechs and payment companies
 around the world enjoy
 the quite high
 multiples and thanks to their
 disruptive nature
 and unique growth profiles.
 these companies are mostly having negative a bit years which makes their
 valuation to be based on their revenues but our pace has a positive a BTA margin
 with strong growth profile.
 Thanks to its diversified business model involving group and non-group revenue as well as individual
 use it and merge it.
 Both in terms of revenue growth and ABTA margin, PaySell is a unique business.
 So everybody can do the math for the valuation by using the global revenue and ABTA multiples.
 That's the valuation of Paysal per global average.
 Regarding about inflation pricing, ARPA growth, and so on, I think I've tried to explain that.
 We would like to keep our ARPU in line with the inflation increase.
 As I said, our initial plan was not expected that much increase on the inflation side.
 so to be able to adapt
 inflation increase
 sometimes we need we need time so I believe that we're gonna catch the
 inflation I hope inflation not gonna go same same speed as we see today so we can catch this in a
 while but on the other hand we shouldn't forget that you're gaining customers two
 and a half million customer from year you at the beginning of the year so this
 customer when we get the customer we put them into the in the system and provide
 upsell opportunities for this customer and sell other other products like pay
 and digital services
 TV and and so on so it will take some time to get
 Acceptable
 output level for the
 uh... customer who come uh... recently
 So we have quite important system in terms of using AI
 and other technology, customer
 centricity and so on
 we're going to get
 to the
 acceptable level.
 regarding
 Ukraine operation
 we actually
 this is not
 the result of last quarter
 we have
 focus on Ukraine
 last couple of years
 we invested in the area
 where we have weak
 network
 and capture the customer
 so we're probably going to continue
 on the
 on the customer side
 in a similar level
 But I would like to remind that our subscriber growth is 14% year over year.
 our output growth is 9%.
 it's above the inflation of Ukraine
 plus we are
 doing better than the
 competition and we are
 gaining market share in terms of
 revenue in terms of customer
 as well. And it's growing
 almost double
 percentage
 point versus the competition
 so
 So we're going to keep grabbing market share, and our expectation is there as well.
 Thank you.
 and as a follow-up on the subscribers edition of gangsta
 do you think we can keep the current
 In case of additions you are hoping to add 1 million per year orders are a more realistic
 number for the next two.
 To be honest, we are in telecom business, we are in technology business, we are in services
 business and we are in tech field business and and and so on so to be able to successful
 on this area, you need to get
 more customer.
 So our gaining customers strategy will continue.
 we hope to see another million next year as I mentioned this year is our sending
 year and having such
 a customer is very important
 for next year revenues as well
 because you gain this year
 you spend
 Subsecret.
 subscriber acquisition cost this year,
 but you get the real revenue for next year.
 So I think the strategy is in line.
 we are executing
 ground
 only at
 operation side and and
 And we hope to continue this level.
 Okay, thank you and congratulations on the results.
 Thank you very much.
 I appreciate it.
 Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time.
 I will now turn the conference over to Turks of Management for any closing comments.
 Thank you.
 First of all, I would like to thank everyone to join our conference call.
 you know hope to see you
 in our capital market days
 at the end of
 actually the next
 beginning
 of next year.
 So thank you very much. Have a good day.
 So this concludes our call
 Thank you for joining
 Have a nice day or evening
 Thank you.