 Thank you, Terry. And good morning, everyone.
 I am pleased to discuss our scholars' second quarter results and a marital swervings continued
 execution within a challenging market.
 The revenues were up 4% to $37.1 billion and adjusted our little ETFs with 5% compared
 to previous fiscal year period.
 There were three key drivers to note for our results this quarter.
 strong performance across our specialty businesses.
 good, generic volume growth, and strategic and disciplined management of operating expenses.
 As a result of this solid performance, we are pleased to be updating aspects of our fiscal
 2017 financial guidance, including tightening our adjusted diluted EPS range as we feel
 well-positioned moving into the second half of the fiscal year, I continue to be very
 proud of how Marisol Spurgen is successfully navigating and executing in today's healthcare
 environment.
 That execution is driven by the daily contributions of our more than 19,000 associates.
 So I do want to take a moment to thank them for their dedication and diligence on behalf
 of our company and our customers.
 These associates are the foundation of our compelling corporate culture and our success
 in making a meritorious burden are a warning place to work.
 Multiple news organizations have a game named Amerisource Bergen,
 One of our business units on their list are best places to work.
 and Diversely Inc. recently named after the 2017 node-worthy company.
 selecting national refills of more than a thousand firms evaluated.
 I believe and study show that companies with diverse, rewarding,
 Workplaces deliver better long-term results.
 So this is an important driver of company growth on many levels.
 Again, thank you to the Marisforce Bergen team for all that you do.
 Next, let me take a minute to talk about the U.S. pharmaceutical industry, where Marisol's
 for this strategic focus is business.
 While there are challenges, the US pharmaceutical market remains well positioned for the long
 term. Key drivers for growth include an ageing patient
 population and improve the U.S. economy are a vast hotline of new anticipated grand drag
 launches and an increasing focus on the relationship between value and outcomes.
 We see both resilience and continuing growth opportunities in pharmaceuticals and importantly
 We see a vital role for manufacturer and provider services to support the market expansion
 over time.
 So, getting to the backdrop of these market conditions and long-term opportunities, how
 How do we view a Maristals Britain's role within the broader healthcare landscape?
 We define that role with our company's New Purpose Statement, which I think is particularly
 important in today's environment.
 At Amerisource Bergen, we are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.
 Everything we do as a company ties back to this purpose.
 when we provide services and solutions
 to improve product access.
 increased efficiency across the health care system, and enhanced patient care, all that
 is done to fulfill our purpose.
 the value we bring to manufacturers, providers, and most importantly to patients, healthful
 their responsibility to create healthier futures.
 Let's talk about how are we delivering on this responsibility and supporting the growth
 while also creating value for our shareholders.
 We believe there are four key differentiators.
 that shed Marisol's burden upon and have positioned us for growth.
 First, we believe we have the best customer base in the business.
 Our broad and diversified portfolio of grain crop customers across all our businesses performed well in the second quarter.
 We enjoy long-standing, collaborative relationships with our anchor customers and they continue
 to be among the best-positioned companies in the industry for long-term growth.
 The Walgreens Boots Alliance remains a strong and aligned partner, and we look forward to
 to continue to span our relationships to deliver value.
 we expect to add the Lions RX Walgreens Prime Business in June of this year.
 Although the profit contribution will be immaterial this fiscal year, and we continue to be optimistic
 about the future edition of RIDE 8, we are also seeing impressive growth across all other
 key customers, several large community oncology practices, and MWR's largest customers.
 Additionally, as recently announced, we've entered into a five-year strategic contract
 for their brand business through 2022.
 This is a key win for a marital spurgeon, and an illustration of the strong relationships
 we're able to go.
 For the past five years we worked hard to be the best possible partner and provide the
 the highest level of service and value to the Express Scripts team.
 We are proud that those efforts resulted in the new long-term contract agreement and we
 We are starting to continue to collaborate with Express as the distribution service
 partner of church.
 In the last year, two important spectrum initiatives, and we are making progress on both.
 First, our efforts to improve compliance and expand our share of wallet within our existing
 customer base are yielding results and helping us to grow our generous volume.
 We've sharpened our focus on reducing leakage and on providing our customers with the tools
 they need to realize the greatest business benefit of buying within their prime vendor
 agreements.
 For example, armed agents in good-natured pharmacy member services are helping to optimise
 front-end sales. We are providing access to business coaching, manufacturer
 information and new reporting tools.
 and incorporate points of style data.
 G&P also entered into a five-year partnership with the National Community Pharmacists Association
 to produce a series of educational seminars for members.
 Early response to those services has been extremely positive.
 We've had 50% growth in the past 12 months across our GMP Premier level membership.
 Second, we are making progress with our drug corporation customers on our effort to rebalance
 and especially pricing strategies to better reflect changing market price and shifts in
 product mix. This rebalancing effort is one we've involved on over a year ago and we have
 It made significant progress.
 Our customers understand the value this restructuring brings in, and we continue to establish mutually beneficial adjustments.
 Throughout Amerisul's bourbon, we have the strongest custom based in the industry.
 We've written the philosophy to be innovative, integrated, and indistensible shark customers.
 and business critical services and solutions to help our customers most efficiently navigate
 the reimbursement landscape and actively support their growth, especially in a tough health
 their environments. The strength of our business is reinforced by the high quality of our customers
 and our policy to develop these long-term collaborative partnerships.
 Working together to advance and enhance patient care, it is always our goal to create customers
 Now take a differentiator, because I'll leave it for position and spatial feet, which puts
 goods to Marisol's group and at the forefront of a rapidly growing market segment.
 We are very proud of our long-standing leadership and specialty.
 I should note that when we refer to our leaderships, yeah,
 and includes our marketing position in full line distribution
 within our drug company.
 especially distribution through our AVSG business.
 our service offerings to specialty manufacturers,
 ranging from pre-to-post-commercialization support.
 And Marisol's version has a history of strategic engagement and leadership in specialty.
 and in the second quarter we continue to grow our footprint and capabilities.
 We are pleased to see continued growth of special products available through full-line
 distribution, affirming the value and efficiency of the prime vendor model for many products
 customers across multiple parts of care, including hospital, health system, and community pharmacies.
 For example, we are seeing strong growth in hospital and health systems used for bias
 similar that recently became available in full line distribution.
 In the second quarter, ADSG Specialty Distribution businesses delivered very strong results
 with revenue growing double basis year over year.
 This is the 13th consecutive quarter, with that level of growth for this business.
 Our strong operating income growth is driven by overall volume increases.
 New driving productions.
 expand their indications for existing products and good expense leverage.
 market-feeding patient support services, biopharma consulting
 businesses and clinical trial logistics businesses provided by Lash Group, Excel,
 and World Korea also continue to make important contributions in supporting existing and newly
 launched specialty products.
 For our market-eating franchises, a marital slogan is a clear leader in the commercialization,
 market access and patient support, especially drugs.
 We are proud of our trusted partner status and close collaboration with manufacturers
 and providers to ensure patient access to all types of specialty products.
 Good.
 The Marisol's version of innovative approach to services and solutions is helping to drive
 customers growth.
 know that we are a health care services company.
 out then be live and offering our manufacturer and provider customers the most innovative
 and business critical services and solutions, they need to advance air business in Friday
 road. Customer adoption of our innovative offerings has been strong and we believe that
 enabling us to grow within our existing customer base now and in the future.
 For example, our consulting services continue to lead the market and demonstrate a very
 strong growth in the fiscal second quarter. We now have more than 5,000 employees in
 consulting, working with all top 20 pharmaceutical companies and more than a hundred and fifty
 manufacturers in total.
 Manufacturer's services are key to our differentiated upstream value proposition, and we continue
 to grow the breadth and scale of our offerings.
 The value we provide through our product commercialization services and our control strategic approach
 which is reaffirmed senior management team at the National
 Association Industry Meeting, where manufacturers call out to us the unique strengths of a meritorious
 bigger.
 Another area where we are investing is other than a state of the art distribution centre
 and our implementation of innovative RT solutions.
 To improve the customer experience and enhanced capacity and operational efficiency, we are
 We are continuing to be building a new state of the art distribution centre for our drug
 operation business.
 In the second quarter, we brought up Olive Branch, Mississippi Center, fully online,
 both on time and on budget.
 All of France employs the most leading edge technology in our industry and it's now the
 the largest distributions in our network. We're excited by the improved capabilities
 these invasions provide and how they position a meritorious person for the future.
 On the IT front, we are currently building out a new robust technology platform
 to better support our large group patient services.
 We're also continuing the phase rollout of our ADC Auto Platform, the state-of-the-art
 experience in e-commerce systems designed by pharmacists for pharmacists that provide
 intuitive tools to order effortlessly, manage inventory, active data and information, and
 resolve any issues quickly.
 Part of these business critical system investments remain on budget and on track for full implementation.
 In addition, in January, we rolled out a new order analytics module for our SWIFT analytics platform,
 Sergio, with generic manufacturers as the initial target.
 This module offers manufacturers and precedents and precedents and insights into the order
 performance cycle. All is shipment and receiving, allowing for more proactive
 daily manage of service and inventory levels.
 The model is an industry-first innovation and demonstrates our commitment to providing
 increased transparency and incremental value to our manufacturer partners through analytics.
 There are several other information system projects and programs underway across the
 business.
 and increasing efficiency and effectiveness while improving our customer engagement.
 All of the Archean issues are examples of why
 why Merasau-Spurford is the trusted data company in our industry.
 We plan to continue to invest in data solutions, analytics and internal customer-facing architectability
 maintain and grow that position. And finally, our fourth differentiator is our
 a strong test to a financial stewardship and proven ability to integrate acquired businesses
 which together gives a mericose bourbon an advantage in driving growth.
 And that sort of thing always takes a strategic approach to capital deployment.
 We have seen a bit on investing in the business strongly spent management,
 in long-term durable growth and creating significant value for shareholders.
 We are proud of our ability to integrate our acquisitions smoothly
 and enhance growth across those businesses.
 For example, a growth rate in our March quarter was a contribution from our strategic acquisition
 NWI Animal Health.
 NWR delivers another record revenue for us.
 led by excellent customer retention, strong growth in the U.S. companion tech market, and
 of the number of corporate accounts in the past year.
 Additionally, we are increasingly increasing our investment in farm medium to support
 its continued growth. We are committed to the highest levels of product quality and patient
 safety. And look for our Enhancing Paramedium's QA and QC systems. This supports batch level
 in prior to product release.
 Initially, it would enable us to deliver the highest levels of product quality and patient
 are also creating a compelling competitive advantage.
 The efforts do mean that we will ship fewer units and incur incremental costs as we focus
 optimized in the QA systems. Resulting in slight bottom line headwind for the business
 in fiscal year 2017, but we are excited about the progress being made here.
 turning shot capital decline priority
 In the near term, as we previously communicated, we are planning to pay on our $600 million
 in debt you this month.
 Over the longer term, we continue to approach capital deployment strategically and opportunistically
 And our priorities are as follows.
 This is the end of this video.
 in the business.
 As I mentioned earlier, we are continuing to invest in infrastructure and quality assurance processes
 and to enhance our services and solutions product offerings,
 or to benefit our customers and drive organic growth.
 to strategic M&A.
 We are always evaluating ways we could further add to our value proposition and grow a marital
 to the addition of big interest in marketing businesses.
 We are interested in enhancing our broad range of core capabilities to better up-speed and
 stream customers and bought on our proven track records on M&A's success.
 We are open to and have board authorization for continued live back of Emeritus Bourbon
 when we believe it is the optimal way to build shareholder value.
 And finally, for dividends, we remain committed to providing shareholders with the reason
 of both of them.
 In summary, we believe a Maristals' program is clearly differentiated, strategically focused
 and delivering undeniable value to our customers and the overall healthcare industry.
 We remain resilient and have continued to execute in the fiscal second quarter despite market challenges.
 We remain committed to naming the growth of our customers, serving patients and delivering
 and we are moving forward with a clear and defined purpose.
 unified and united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.
 Now, let me turn the call over to Tim for a more in-depth look at our quality financial
 and I updated my natural guidance.
 Yeah, yeah, I'll start off by thanks for the question.
 Again, I'm going to give you a quick break here.
 Our competitors, you know, I think in many ways, of course we live in the same environment
 but we have lots of differences in our businesses, including, you know,
 capital development and generic profile, you know, we might be, for example, on the spike
 market, telemarketing, car businesses, I think there also may be some differences in the
 the way that we measure that index now as well, at least we heard on the call recently.
 the passing method has remained constant.
 Tim said we are at the top end of the range and we most certainly are, and you know, we'll
 We'd like to see how it's a very fluid market, a generic market, as well as I do, and key
 determinants are, you know, the higher price drugs are, the higher price generic drugs
 also addicted to more competition.
 currently that's an area where I think manufacturers are seeing opportunity and you know we could
 to receive some more pressure.
 But right now we...
 You know, it started last June, we go through our planning process, you know, we start that around May, every year,
 at the end of September to the end and, you know, recognising that we weren't going to
 have the robust industry teams that we had experienced in the past couple of years and
 No criminalized folks help us in the sense that we really instituted some strict expense
 of the season.
 You know, ADC had a pretty good, you know, couple of years and I think there were opportunities
 We thought it was some opportunities to take some experiences down.
 Our team is fantastic. Our culture is irresistible to, you know, to providing good returns to investors.
 I think we were very cautious and it worked out probably even better than we expected.
 that the expense control has been impressive, hopefully to people ourselves and hopefully
 to all of you as well.
 anything to add to them.
 So for the first quarter we hadn't left, we didn't have any new acquisitions that we hadn't left.
 So first quarter week, everything has been left.
 So thanks, next question, please.
 It's basically the priorities that you have.
 Yeah, you know, it's actually, you know, in a couple of months, I saw Mick Basie, and
 for so much 20 years since we bought the AC medical and you know LAC group was also
 years ago and so we've had a history, you know, and I think a lot of our management
 We've had a history of adding in, you know, businesses that expand our services for our
 very tied to pharmaceutical care. We absolutely regard, you know, businesses like Lash and
 extender as cold businesses.
 We talked a lot on this call about our investments in Lashes, how big is equal business, and
 We've detailed the number of programs we do, so we do require that as an area of strong
 capability and strong interest. Again, those markets, those businesses are not as well
 developed outside the U.S. In the U.S. we have very high market share and very strong
 relationships and a lot of opportunities to deploy capital to be more efficient.
 So that's often how we think about it.
 So areas of focus for us are international specialty which is an emerging area.
 We look at a lot of companies.
 We start with, you know, SCPAs is critical to us and, you know, the type of partners.
 And, you know, we've learned a lot from our pro-forma,
 So, it was an experience.
 So I think that's very illustrative for us and one thing we believe we've done very well
 there's choose our partners. We've done really well with the
 in Canada is another good example of success that we've had where we are leading the specialty
 market there. So those are the sort of characteristics of a market we like. MWI is certainly one of
 One of the reasons they joined ABC is for international development and we've done some in the UK.
 We very, Germany's team are very active.
 I think we're disappointed if in the next few years
 We didn't get something down there.
 we think there's opportunities and we have technology to deploy, particularly on the
 the lock-team production side where the customers tend to be very sticky and we think that as
 becomes more scarce there will be a trend towards life feeding. So those are some of the key themes
 That's one thing you want to say, no?
 No, you know, the first of all, the business is ahead of what our acquisition model is.
 I would say we had an exceptional first year there and I think this year we're strengthening
 the team. We're happy with where Jen Adams, who's leading that business for us, was the
 head of sales and she had a long history of the business, what she's doing.
 We called it out because we've had, you know, we've had some reduction in the quantities
 that they are producing, and it's because of some very, you know, really ahead of them
 the market ahead of legislation, you know, procedures that we've decided to adopt around
 tasting.
 But we do all that internally, it's certainly nothing, I haven't heard the connection which
 patrols or anything. It's just really making sure we stay ahead of the quality
 firm, making sure we stay ahead of regulators, you know, we are several times the size of
 any other competitors in that space and, of course, the
 regularize the look chart to state the standard. So that's actually what we're doing and we
 really feel good about the quality and the competitive edge that Amerisco spills in
 and our medium have and we think our customers have also been very, very supportive.
 So, you know, we like the business and we continue to invest in it.
 I think that covered all your questions, right?
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 I mean, any time you look at one key is a key assumption and we track it.
 but it's hard to look at anything in isolation.
 You can have presentation and have things go in different ways, but we have a 15th range.
 We felt that was important the second half of the year because of brand pricing and generic pricing.
 So, I mean, I really, certainly that would be a headwind.
 but we'd have to see how it fits in with other puts and tastes.
 Thanks so much, Bob.
 Yeah, we knew that cash flow question was coming Bob.
 Well, you know, we are very proud, you know, of your call that win this contract was signed
 first time five years ago, we really came from well behind to become the
 combined express trips that may cause distribute and, you know, that was, we were very proud
 of it at the time. And we're proud to continue. You know, I think we were disappointed that
 We didn't get cold wickedly good again on the press release.
 We thought that was a really neat attitude.
 I think that we had some other great descriptions.
 future de-restore. So we struggle to keep up with the eloquence of our CEO, colleague,
 much, you know, colleague at Express Scripts, but you know, increment is largely as it was
 before and no big changes on terms. We were very mindful, of course, of changes in mixes,
 expect us to do and is a theme with all of our customers, from big to small, how the
 and what's the contemplation of new therapies like biosimilis, maybe.
 This framework gives us the opportunity to partner in really any category and that's
 And that's what we're excited about and there's also lots of good business reasons for us
 to work with, express on state networks, etc.
 We continue to do that, and we're really proud to say as the
 President of the United States of America,
 And also for a five-year term, which we think is very significant with a company that is
 So, so failed in our industry, so that's about all I'd say to him.
 Well, thanks for the question. We talked a lot about how robust the generic cells were.
 In fact, you now have over, you know, four and a half thousand GNP and Elevate customers.
 And, you know, that's, you know, I think one of the key things that seminar, you know,
 judge our management team on it, we may give these investments, what's it doing in the
 market place and we are really pleased with how Elevate and GMP Premieries
 progressing. Part of the CPA renewal was to bring all their members on to premier level
 membership.
 You know, our view is certainly one that maybe it could be a little bit biased, but I believe
 We believe that, you know, G&P from our members are more successful.
 have data to show that. They're more integrated with us and we have peer-to-peer information
 they could show at the most successful pharmacy.
 show, and we believe they're the most aligned customers that
 customers we don't have to worry about compliance etc and you know so we had a very good quarter
 with independence and we expect it to continue.
 But, you know, growing within our customer base and increasing that market share.
 So we've had a very nice pick up on compliance and part of that is tools and part of it is
 and they're my experience if you point out people in the right way and tell them what
 We've been very clear that we're taking a compliance out of the contracts that we have,
 we have that we've started and we've been called very big, that kind of thing, so probably
 That's all for today.
 Okay, next question please.
 Oh, I'll leave it there.
 Yeah, you know, I think, you know, two years ago, one buying group switch that we've talked about that a lot, and, you know, again, the buying groups, it's tough for them to switch because it is a shared relationship, and most of us have had those customers for a long time.
 You know, we've been talking about this for a long time.
 It's competitive, it's always been competitive.
 And I think, you know, we face competition amongst our peers, we also face competition
 of reimbursement rates and making sure that our customers can stay in networks and you
 and I always talk about this, that we have three team,
 three key missions at Amerisource Bergen in terms of smaller customers in that community
 their own community oncologists and retail pharmacies, and our goal is to help them be
 successful and independent businesses and looking at all the forces that they have to
 So think about a stand-alone business and how do we help it.
 So that's why we do GMP and Elevate.
 That's why we do business coaching and we do these public things, clinical programs,
 you these type of things across all three businesses and one of the things that brings
 great interest and satisfaction is when we can look at combined programs that
 benefit each of those groups and we've seen that a lot.
 obviously there's enormous differences between sound oncologists in the big
 but there's a lot of things that they have in common and we work on that and we have
 a lot of shared experience but you know I would also tell we say we've got a lot of
 mobile tools now. So those reps that go out on the field, they do have key data points
 that they can share with customers about how compliance benefits them.
 We've worked very hard with our buying group customers
 management of those by-group customers to say, we've been transparent, we're giving
 You're the great cross.
 This is how compliance benefits both of us.
 This is what we expect to get, this is what Bates and Perch looks like and I think the
 It's actually been very productive.
 and then I go back to those suite of services and solutions,
 The customers are realizing value and I think that that becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy
 As they realise the value, they become more adherent and we do better through that.
 You know, it's always been competitive.
 If you haven't picked up any new buying group customers,
 Some of our bindings are great, but nothing exceptional.
 We are really pleased with the pick-up and compliance rates and, you know, but we're not complacent.
 we think there's more. We want to see that compliance rate be in the 90s, so that's a
 long to have gone.
 So, you know, we'll start servicing Prime next month so it's really more of a
 event, a lot of it is special. The Lines JV, Prime Lines JV is mainly specialty products
 And, you know, we were expecting it and, you know, I think the relationship we had with
 The WPA is enormously successful, which we have incredibly close interaction with them
 And, you know, we expect that business that comes into the orbit becomes, you know, ABC business.
 And that's why we did the tenure agreement with the WPID, the warrants, et cetera, you
 you know, what all of these were planned out four years ago, and you know, we're proud
 how it's working out in the real world and you know it is over four years now into that relationship so
 And we've been proud to help WBA grow and make sure that anybody they bring into their
 sphere, you know, significantly becomes an ABC customer as well.
 We're going forward in 18.
 Thank you so much. I think at this point we're through the call queue and I'd like to turn
 over to Steve's call us to make some closing remarks for the call this morning.
 Yeah, thank you everybody. Thank you for the questions. I've prepared the remarks for a bit long, so we appreciate your attention.
 But, you know, we're just very proud of the quarter.
 I think we've achieved so many of our goals, say,
 engineering compliance in the technology deployments, and we are also very proud on the software
 side of, you know, that the recognition we're getting in areas like diversity internally
 the purpose, you know, in our responsibility to great, healthier futures has been very
 very well received, very uplifting, and again, a miracles person proves to be a great place
 to work, a great place to partner with, and a great place to invest in.
 Many thanks for your time today.