Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Prismian Group nine months 2021 financial results call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode until we conduct a question and answer session. Any instructions will follow at that time. Just to remind you all, this call is being recorded. I'll now like to hand over to the Chairperson, Mr. Valerio Batista, CEO of Prismian Group. Please go ahead. Thank you very much, and good afternoon to all the audience. Welcome to the nine-month 2021 report of Prismian. Okay, let's go immediately to page number three. The key highlights of the first line. The performance has been good, with a solid and grow of 15.5%, with a significant recovery across all of it. The margins have kept at the end of the story reasonably well, around 8% as estimated, but as you may know, the metal price has been increasing, our top line. The real margins could have been increased. Record backlog and over intake in the process. We have 4 billion euros of backlog. Let me remember that part of it is coming from the U.S. market, as we have stated. We got three important projects in the U.S. market. The so-called HVDC, 900 million dollars. That is the biggest single project in years. The Dominion Energy, that was dropped long ago, is available at 30 million euros. That is the largest project ever awarded in the U.S. The final winner of the offshore wind farm got the notice to proceed and all the related authorization by the government. So we are going to start the execution. Let's please turn to page four. This is the nine billion euros, the final value of 11.4%. The related EBITDA has been 225 billion, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 17%. You have to consider the effect of the metal price in that percentage. But those cards are the U.S. are not the percentages. The total net income report in growth is about the free cash flow because of the weight of the working capital in a very high level of cost of raw materials. So going back to the organic growth. Organic growth, very good, especially in E&I and P&I. The industrial and network component business has worked very well. And the telecom too. The telecom has posted about 13.5% in growth. From the adjusted EBITDA point of view, we can say that the nine months adjusted EBITDA is at the same level as 2019. It looks to be the product effect. And the energy business adjusted EBITDA is better than the COVID level, but yet hardly done. Not sufficient. We expect in the last quarter to see a strong ramp up of the energy products thanks to the order we got in the last year. Cash flow. Cash flow we are seeing that the problem of free cash flow has been hit by the continued increase of raw materials and consequently may operate in working capital. We are working on that. Let's move to page five. Page five, the order intake. The order intake is in the U.S. awarded yesterday, the first month. We have two big projects in the U.S., Dominion and Soblin. And other various projects. Ethiopia, first of all, the offshore wind farm in the UK. The Gold Wind, the Tatish Trosik, the Saudi Egypt. The Blue Sun offshore wind farm. And a number of other projects which we are still missing the key of the project. That is, at least for me, a pretty regular expression in the last quarter. Let's move to page six. Let's compare quickly the organic growth above and then below. So, in terms of what is energy? North America, and try to compare the volume of the sales of the first nine months, 2021, not 2018. Because the reference year for us is not anymore 2020, because of the effect largely verified. As you can see, North America will have a plus 1% organic growth compared to 2019. In EMEA, plus a modest plus 0.4%. In EMEA, obviously, the comparison with 2020 is much higher, 11%. Latin America. Latin America posted a plus 14.1% compared to 2019 and a plus 32% compared to 2020. Obviously, Latin America is not a giant market, is a pretty good market. That is growing and we are able to develop pretty well. The sole negative for Brazil compared to 2019 is EMEA. Why? Not so much because of China, but much more because of Argentina. In 2019, some of the customers had closed the orders and that's the reason for the minus 2.5% in the chart compared to 2019. In 2020, obviously, there is a new comparison and there is a plus 11.6%. My business, EMEA, is the first provider of the group. 3.3% compared to 2019 and 12.3% compared to 2020. My opinion is that this is in the energy, because the same is for similar business, is the main value of resiliency in the performance, even in difficult conditions. The telecom, of course, is compared to 2020, had posted a positive organic growth of 15.5%. That's 19. The performance is negative, especially in the first half of the year. You may remember that in 2019, the volumes were extremely high, the peak in the summer of 2019. Then the market collapsed and the first nine months are suffering a lot. Moving quickly to slide number 7, the performance in energy. Having the projects on the left side, that is not yet a report of it, I have to say that the projects have posted an organic growth that is 1.3%. But in the third quarter, posted an 11.1%. And that's the picture or an anticipation of the results that we expect to come in the last quarter. So at the end, the EBITDA, that is what counts, is very similar to the nine months 2020. But the last quarter will be the real indicator for next year. E&I, the sales grew 4.3% in the last quarter, 16.3%. And the results of the EBITDA of the division went up from 135 to 157. With a very good ramp up and a pretty good margin, 5.7%. That's with a metal of 2020, has to be 3.7%. So the margins are pretty good in E&I. Industrial and network component, moving from 130, sorry, posted a

over the summer 132, sorry, posted a 9.2% organic growth and in the last quarter 8.9% organic growth. So it's stabilizing with a pretty good organic growth, around about 9%, and a pretty good EBIT. Moving from 100 to 150 billion in the first nine months, 21. Finally, Telecom. Telecom has posted an organic growth nine months of 18.5%, with a last quarter of 9.7%, rising the sales from 1.47 to 1.204 million euros sales, with a EBIT that moved from 162 to 178, and a margin that went up, if you consider the, well, stable, from 15.5% to 14.8%. The 14.8% in reality, if we use the method, because there is a lot of MMS, multimedia solution or cables that are inside the capital, can be rated as 15.4%. The volume has been good, in my suspicion, and the contribution of YLC has been almost stable. You can see that 11 million back to 7 million in the nine months 2020. So overall, sales went up from 7.5 billion roughly to 9.3 billion, with a growth of 37%. But in the last quarter, the acceleration is clearly there. We have 12.9% organic growth. The result, too, goes more from 647 to 725 million euros, after 19 million of forex negative. Let's skip to page 8. Let's have a look of the last two years, preliminary. The reference here, as I was saying before, has to be considered when we reached 1 billion and 7 million euros. Today, we have to consider that there is a certain forex effect that is roughly 50 million, just to simplify. And other than that, there is a very strong increase of raw material costs and distribution costs increase. This effect, negative effect, has been partially compensated, modestly compensated by the volume, but very much by the prices. Consequently, this is an illustration that especially energy is able to transfer the cost increase to the customers, because there is no way or the players are going to transfer it quickly or are going to lose nothing. The volume in the telecom sector has been a little bit negative. And the price mix in telecom has been pretty tough. You know, because obviously in comparison to 2019, the price went down in 2020 because of the price. The price, yes. And the volumes went down and the price too. The products have been still suffering a little bit, but we are assured that the last quarter, the result of the quarter, we are going to completely forget. We'll close completely. Finally, the efficiencies and the fixed costs have helped us to reach the guidance and probably in the upper side of it. Let's skip to page 9 by region. By region, we can say that sales-wise, EMEA went reasonably well. Let me say that North America has suffered more than EMEA. And that's the value of the geographical differentiation. You remember that last year we were commenting the very hot ramp-up of the country. Today, we are here telling that, let's say, in EMEA to drive the game in terms of absolute value. And Latin America too. You can see that Latin America grew 52% in terms of sales with an EBITDA that grew from 41 to 73. So Latin America gave us an outstanding performance while North America suffered a little bit of the decline of the very strong power distribution business we have seen last year. Last but not least, AsiaPAC, and probably it comes for not very big amount, 54 million with an organic growth of 11.3% compared with the first nine months 2020. The results, anyway, are pretty solid. And the COVID-19 is now over. At the end, our total group grew 11.4% in terms of organic growth with a very significant improvement from 647 to 725 million euros EBITDA with the projects still late in recovery, but I guarantee you that the last quarter will be significantly better. And the business in regions, as I said, went very well. Let's move to page 9, to page 10, the guidance. The guidance is confirmed. 920, 970, I can tell you that it will be not so far from the max of the guidance. That's not the same comment for the free cash flow. Why? Because the guidance for free cash flow was 300 plus or minus 60 million. The max of the guidance will not be easy to be reached. Why? Because in the first nine months we suffered a lot the increase of raw materials and energy that obviously are going to absorb cash to us. The reason why our today's guidance is more in the middle of the range than in the upper side. Last but not least, page 11. On page 11, you can see the trend of the last five years. In 2017, 914, in 2018, 932, in 2019, 1 billion and 7, 2020, 814 because of COVID. And this year, let's say something like 960 or around about 960. Now, what happened? That the energy business, the blue line, enjoyed the acquisition of General Cable, rising the light blue line, rising the results, and for the next year, mid-term, I mean, five years, we expect, as in the past, to be more or less the same. The other two key businesses, Telecom and Protex, are expected by sooner, but to do. Why? Because while Telecom, after the peak of 18 and 19, went down in 2020 because of the price, in 2021 has started to recover. And despite the very high volatility of this business, we believe that there are no reasons to expect another worsening of the Telecom business in terms of EBITDA. The projects are really in the ramp to take off. Why? Because after three years of difficult months, finally, we have an outstanding order book. Probably, there are maybe only the execution, but we are totally focused on the execution risks, and we are quite sure that the projects will ramp up in terms of performance starting from the last quarter this year. Let's have a look on the lower side of the chart about the coherence between the performance of the business and the budget, the CapEx allocation we made. You can see that in the... I always said that our CapEx were

in the I would say that our capex were around about 250 after the acquisition of the asset. And that has been the, you can see very clearly, the very big increase of telecom capex in the years 17, 18, 19, the main chunk of the company. Starting from the second half 19, we dropped the telecom capex because of the cuts we have seen in the smart. And this has been the capex, the green, that the capex that are the ones related to projects. Now, what about the future? We see a slight increase, slight 5% increase for the next three years of the capex. Why? Because we have to put our power to follow the project, the project. And you see that the entire green chunk of the capex are going to be the largest part of the capex itself. At least for six. In this capex is included the new submerica, as well as in the capex of the last three years, 20, 20, 21. We will be able to increase also the new ship, the new ship that we have completed and already working. Working moreover with very good performance. The cable ship, the cable laying ship has been able to lay the first chunk of piping with very good results. So we are very happy with that. The next big investment is going to be in the Grand Inks. Thank you very much. I leave the floor to Francesco before to the Q&A session. Thank you, Valerio, and good evening to everybody. As usual, I start from the consolidated profit and loss, which contains about 9.3 billion euros affected by a three-digit effect coming from the metal price of more or less 1.3 billion for the nine months. As Valerio explained, organic growth was extremely positive compared to 2020. Here, by the way, it is the organic growth, including also the projects, which is up to date 10% better than the actual organic growth of 8.5%. And even more importantly, I would say, as Valerio explained, the level of organic growth, organic sales, is above the pre-pandemic level of 2019 in general business for approximately 3%, 3.5%. And even not too far from the pre-pandemic 2019 for the telecom business. So these are extremely positive signals and indications. Adjusted EBITDA, 325 million. A very good margin, 7.8%, which however is stated to account for the copper price increase risk at 9%. Up from the 8.6% of the previous year. So a quite strong margin, in particular in the energy business and in particular in the CNI business. The third quarter was pretty strong, 255 million. At the same level, more or less, of the second quarter. Excluding the more or less 50 million, 46 million forex effect accumulated over the last two years. This level of EBITDA is totally comparable with 2019, EBITDA pre-pandemic, obviously in my opinion, in our opinion, a very good indication. And for this reason, as Valerio mentioned, we are quite confident to close the year in the very high part of our EBITDA guidance, or very close to 970. You see on the box top right, the comparison quarter by quarter of the EBITDA with the prior year, with the previous year, broken down by different sub-projects, energy, telecom, excluding share of Latin America and share of Latin America. Let me just make one remark. It's pretty evident how the very strong Q2 and Q3 is supported by the very significant and positive progression of the energy business. You see that the deviation, the positive deviation compared to the previous year is growing quarter after quarter, from 13 million in Q1 to 20 million in Q2, 35 million in Q3. Even helped by the easing of the forex effect. The forex effect is 19 million year to date for the first nine months. And you see that it was particularly negative in the first quarter, relatively negative in the second quarter, and even slightly positive in the third quarter. This, of course, will also support the full year EBITDA and full year closing. Adjustments below the adjusted EBITDA line, meaning restructuring costs application, down to 25 million as totally expected after the fourth European footprint of 2019 and 2020. The special items, which are typically non-monetary items, not affecting the cash flow, are also very low. Last year, they suffered from a pre-decided voluntary South Europe. This year, we are not having this negative effect. And this is, of course, in the end, driving up our net income. Good news also from financial costs, from financial charges. You see 10 million down compared to last year. Even if I have to say that the real net interest expenses are quite stable, whereas this positive effect is mainly coming from a one-off effect related to the issuance of the new convertible bond back in late January, beginning of February. Tax rate is also decreasing down to 32%, despite some negative one-offs. One for all, for instance, the tax rate increase in the UK. But despite, we have a nine-fourth percentage points tax rate decrease. And in a summary, all this is boosting our group net income up to 255, which is almost doubled compared to the previous year. Let me now go to the following slide, the balance sheet. Let me start from the stability, obviously, with a point of the net financial position, of the net financial debt at 2,663 million, substantially stable from September 2020. Also in this case, Valerio anticipated the reasons for this very clearly. And the substantial reason is a major impact coming from raw material prices, from a huge increase of raw material prices. Just to mention you a couple of numbers, over the last 12 months, so September to September, we are counting a negative cash impact and working capital impact from metal prices of approximately 320 million euros. And it's much more difficult to estimate the non-metal raw material prices increase, much more difficult to estimate. I would estimate it at least 80 million or so. All in all, we can count a 400 million impact on our balance sheet and operating working capital coming from the raw material prices. Of course, we have tried our best to compensate this, was not very easy, I have to admit. We benefited from a pretty good reduction of working capital from power link, that is from cash flow from power link over the last 12 months. Of course, we suffered on the other end from a necessary restocking or stock refill, also to follow the good volume trend and to follow the visible, the fantastic volume trend. And I think we achieved a very good reduction of working capital, both on the front of receivable and the front of payables. And this allows us to partially compensate raw material prices effects.

of the old material prices effect. Let me finally go to the cash flow, or page. Here we have the usual bridge of the debt, showing the debt of stability process, 10th of September. You see here highlighted the last 12 months of free cash flow of 202 million. This record price is 282 million, taking into consideration the 80 million cash settlements that we had over the last 12 months. And the 282 million is the number which is consistent and coherent with our year-end guidance at 300 million plus minus 20% for a business that overall we anticipated for quarter in terms of cash flow pretty much in line with the previous year, maybe slightly better, allowing us to grow the 282 at least up to this point of the guidance to 300 million. I think I'm over with my part of the presentation and we can go ahead with the Q&A session. Thank you very much. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. If you have a question at this time, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. To cancel your question, you can press the hash or pound key. Once again, that's star 1 on your telephone keypad to ask a question and the hash or pound key to cancel. We have a question coming from the line of Lucy Carrier from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. First, I need to apologize if maybe I asked something that you've already mentioned, but my line is very poor this afternoon, so I couldn't follow everything with a lot of details. My first question was around the free cash flow performance after nine months and how do we bridge that to your guidance of 300 million for the full year because it would imply a quite significant kind of reversal maybe of working capital or a lot of down payment coming through. So can you help us understand how do we bridge the free cash flow at nine months, which I think is a heavy negative, to this 300 million positive for this year? Sure. I'm Francisco speaking. The drop of the working capital and the huge cash flow generation in the fourth quarter, speaking of our mindset, is related with two factors mainly, with the seasonality, that's number one, and with the normally with order intake and also milestone delivery in the project business, which are very cash generative in the last part of the year, namely in the fourth quarter. If you allow, I prefer maybe to start to at least take out of the picture one of these factors, the seasonality to start from the last 12 months free cash flow at September, which is the well-known 282, and bridge this, say, with the 300 target. It's not a big change. We will certainly benefit of improvements of EBITDA compared to last year, coherently with our guidance. We may also benefit of the metal price, of some metal price effect because the copper price flattened in the last period, even decreased a little bit. So in the fourth quarter, we may benefit. Wherever in the fourth quarter last year, you remember that there was a start of the metal price increase. So the two trends are quite opposite, should be quite opposite. Of course, we are assuming a stability now of the metal price. If I may add, there has been an effect that is not visible with when materials become scarce. That is, everyone is running behind additional materials. And that has been our mistake, the mistake of our team in September. This is why we gave a very strict control on the orders of raw materials, because when something becomes scarce, you may remember the fibers in the first six months of the year, you are surely perceived the race behind the raw material in the first nine months of this year. And that has been the effect that we touched in the last. This is why the raw materials are in that material price so much, and the scarcity of raw material perceived by some of the markets, we made the mistake to run for higher volumes in our stock. That's going to be compensated because we are acting pretty strongly in our supply chain. And as a matter of fact, we are seeing that we need some recovering working capital, specifically the stock in the fourth quarter. So there will be a positive effect. However, we will have certainly a higher level of CapEx, 248 million of last 12-month CapEx will grow to 90, 300 million. And this will be on the negative side, like also the fact that last year was a particularly strong cash flow of the project business in the fourth quarter. This year is much more distributed. As I said, we had a very good dynamic of cash flow on projects in the first nine months, in the last 12 months. And compared to last year, I think we will have a less positive contribution, still positive, but less positive contribution from projects in the fourth quarter. But all in all, all these factors are substantially compensating each other to deliver a full-year pre-test flow in the region of 300 million compared to the 282 million last 12 months of September. So the bridge in principle is not very material. You have a lot of compensating effects, plus and minuses, but the reality is that our full-year pre-test flow should remain pretty stable from these last 12 months of September. I don't know if I was clear, Lucille. Yes, thanks very much. Thank you for all the color. My second question was around the order pipeline. And I was just kind of wondering, how do you think about the awarding in the next few quarters in terms of large contracts and whether you see yourselves keeping your share? Because effectively, you've had a very strong momentum in order already year to date, as it was quite clear from your slide. And if you think about 2022 in terms of execution, you have a backlog of 4 billion. If I also add some of the U.S. projects and the Middle East project, which is not yet apparently in the backlog, it's nearly 6 billion. How much of that backlog do you expect to materialize in 2022? And you mentioned in the past, you know, capacity utilization of different technology, SLB and MI. How should we think about that into next year, considering that enormous backlog you have? You are planning, as usual, for next year. But the point I can tell you is that the order are here. And we expect in the last quarter, as in the past, probably also the cash flow with the unplanned payments. We expect to materialize some more quarter, of which the biggest one of the history that is going to be different, which is going to be our share of this project, because we are under a silent period. But I'm quite confident. For next year, obviously, there's a trend that we are reasonably confident to be able to catch. So next year, projects will hopefully confirm the trend of the last two quarters, and we grow significantly. Thank you. Yes, Sabina, I guess, you know, I was maybe hoping a slightly more precise kind of conversion rate of the backlog, if you had in mind. But maybe it's a bit too early to ask. I know we are only in November. That's why when we are going to give the guidance for next year. Okay. And then maybe last question on the CapEx. You are mentioning the step-up. You had already mentioned that before. But just as a matter of update for the submarine project or the submarine plant in the U.S., what is the current situation? Do you have a site? Do you have a timeline that you can maybe share with us? And also, how much capacity do you expect to add to the market or maybe versus your current capacity? I mean, you have about 40% market share in the market. So is there anything you can share on that?

at this stage? The answer is yes. We have pretty clear what we have to do. The site is identified but not yet secured. Consequently, in the next weeks, we have to be able to secure the property of the site in order to start the construction beginning of next year. The total level of investment will be about 200 million euros. Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Monica Basio from Intercosan Paolo. Please go ahead with your question. Good evening, everyone. First of all, I apologize because also my line is quite disturbed. The first question is on the Italian link. Should we expect some news flow by year end? And in this case, in case of a potential award of a large part of the link, is it the Italian link already included in your CapEx guidance? Or the Italian would require additional CapEx on top of the one you have already announced? And my second question is for Francesco. I know it's premature, but considering the performance of the energy projects for the next year, and on the other side, the still challenging cost scenario, would you view as feasible an improvement of the free cash flow year on year up to 400 million euros? Or would it be more prudent to be below this level? Thank you very much. Okay, Monica, I try to give you an answer on Italian. As I said, we cannot, as of now, clarify completely the position on Italian. We are confident to be able to catch at least a significant part of it. Investments and CapEx related to the execution of Italian are not. Why? Because I have not foreseen. The capacities we have to manage the Italian, and consequently there will not be an additional CapEx to manage the Italian. That's it. No additional CapEx. No additional CapEx for Italian. Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Monica, regarding the free cash flow question, if I understood well, obviously for 2022. Well, in principle, if we think how much the raw material prices affected the cash flow of this year, I think it shouldn't be possible to be feasible, the level I mentioned, 400. Of course, as usual, we have a target to improve our results. That's the first component. And then, of course, we shouldn't suffer from this major raw material price increase. Of course, on the other side, we will have the kick-in of the higher level CapEx that Valerio has mentioned. So, in all this, the most material component is definitely the raw material price increase. If we will not further penalize next year, I think that the level you mentioned should be feasible. But, of course, let's take some more time to give a more precise indication on the full picture of the guidance, profit and loss, and cash flow when we will publish our year-end results. Okay, got it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Akash Gupta from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Yes. Hi, good afternoon, Valerio and Francesco, and thanks for your time. I had three questions as well, and I'll ask one at a time. My first question is on slide 11, and first of all, thank you for giving some medium-term picture on EBITDA. But looking at this slide, and if I look at the dots for projects business, it looks like you are indicating substantial increase in projects EBITDA in the medium term, which could be above 500 million euros if I just measure these bars, right? And can you confirm that when you say medium term, is it 2025 or is it 2026 that we should read here? Good afternoon. You are asking me something that is too much precise. I already gave the indication that we expect for projects, and I can confirm, the ramp-up of the sales, the project sales, and the margins going retrograde within five years, let's say, starting like in between 400 and 500 million. So, is it more than doubling the result? Is that clear with your question? No, I think that that is in line with what I was expecting. And then the second one I have is also on projects. I mean, you have said explicitly that you are going with a new plant in the US, but I wanted to ask about the UK. I mean, especially after Brexit, there is a very high focus here on getting as much local supply chain as possible for offshore wind, and government has come up with some kind of support for local supply chain. And just wondering, I think you have a high voltage factory here, but do you have any plan to have a subsea factory in the UK for offshore wind? Honestly, I met also some people from UK government about it. I cannot say no, but I cannot say yes as of today. Also because it makes no sense to pollute the world of the submarine plant. Submarine plants are very different to be managed, and we cannot have 10 plants of submarines. The priority we choose is the US. Later, we are going to see. Never say never, but it depends on the development of the market. We have capacity in season, we have capacity for the medium voltage in Germany, we have capacity for the extra voltage in Italy for the time being. Thank you. And my final question is on price cost going into 2022. So I think you mentioned earlier on that you were able to recover some inflation through better pricing. And as we go in 2022, we are talking about labor inflation, which may be higher than what we have seen in recent years. And just wanted to know your thoughts on could that be headwind for the bridge in 2022? Or do you think that this better pricing that we are seeing in the market will allow you to pass this additional headwind coming from labor inflation on top of supply chain and component? That's a very difficult question. I understand perfectly. What I can tell you is difficult to tell because the labor cost, the total labor cost of the company is 1 billion 200. Obviously, if we are going to see a 5% labor cost increase, it will not be easy to be passed to the market. So, of course, the labor cost increase and the related increase is different country by country. I would say that there shouldn't be an issue in our BML if limited to a single little digit. The goal I give to the HR and to the local is to control and to keep under the level of 3%. That obviously depends on the development of the market. But the clarification, you just said that you are aiming to contain this inflation in single digit million euros. Is this what you said? I said that 3% salary inflation is the theoretical limit I want to be able to reach. Thank you. It depends country by country, market by market, which is going to be the effect of the cost of the inputs. Thank you, Valerio. You're welcome. Next question comes from the line of Renato Garzulo from Cifel. Please go ahead with your question. Yes, good afternoon. My first question is on Pericom. If you can provide an update on pricing on the competitive environment. We have seen also the last channel about Bender. So, an update on that side.

The last question about Bender. So, an update on that side, also in the European market. The second question is on your new submarine cable project in the US, Costa Virginia Offshore Wind. Can you provide any more color on that, about the competition you are experiencing in the bidding process, the first quarter supply contract, your expected more contracts for this, or in terms of profitability? Can we assume a similar level of profitability of a similar project in the offshore wind segment? Then, the last question is still on your capex plan in North America. So, basically, you have announced 100 million plus 85 million for the telecom segment and your investment in the energy project for the new plant in the short term. Can we assume these are the investments planned for North America or may it be necessary to think about more investment going forward? Thank you. Okay, let me start from your last question. In North America, the investment is going to be something like 200 million. Then, how is already in the number I presented to you? If I'm not wrong, I already said that we were going to rise the capex level for the next three years, 22, 23, and 24, around about 300 million. 300, up to 350. Why? Most of all, because the ship is over, but the US plant is coming. And the US plant will be something like an additional 70 million per year. It cannot be absorbed by the other capex. You have also to consider that it is quite clear in the slide that we have to dedicate some millions to the decarbonization. That is a game that we are asked and we are expected to execute. And once we say yes, we do it. We are planning a number of capex, not very huge, to reduce the level of emission of the company. Let's go on. The other two questions. The US market is back up. It's going after two years of recession. And it's growing very strongly in the US. It's now also growing very strongly in China, after the China Mobile, and they are showing a growth of 20% year on year. It's also growing in the regions, in the less developed countries. And the rest of the world is also growing. So there is a global trend for the volumes to be up. As far as prices are concerned, you have seen also that the China Mobile and the others with more than one dollar increasing price, which was expected because the previous prices were definitely too low for the industry. I think this will drive the prices globally to be on an upward trend. We already see that in business prices. So both trends, volume and prices are up, and both globally, with different speeds depending on where we are. I don't know if I answered your question. Yes, thank you. The last question on telecom. Yes, the third question, we went back from the last to the first. I leave the floor for the telecom to my friend Philippe here around the table to give you the answers about the pricing and the environment in telecom. Okay, good evening Renato. First on the volume, the telecom market is back up. It's going fast after two years of recession. And it's growing very strongly in the US. It's now also growing very strongly in China, after the China Mobile and they are showing a growth of 20% year on year. It's also growing in the regions in the less developed countries. And the rest of the world is also growing. So there is a global trend for the volumes to be up. As far as prices are concerned, you have seen also that the China Mobile and the others with more than one dollar increasing price, which was expected because the previous prices were definitely too low for the industry. I think this will drive the prices globally to be on an upward trend. We already see that in business prices. So both trends, volume and prices are up, and both globally, with different speeds depending on where we are. I don't know if I answered your question. That's perfectly right. I have to consider that the anti-dumping procedure will be, I think, in the next quarter, I believe, that it will be possible to discuss. The deadline for the European Commission to announce the anti-dumping measures is the 24th of November. So it's going to be in two weeks. We will see what the outcome is. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you. Okay, our next question comes from Reynolds Max, EA from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question. Thank you. Just my first question was around the evolution of the projects business in the fourth quarter. So I think when I look back at this business, the kind of good quarters of revenue are typically around sort of $450, $460 million of revenues. So is that a sort of good indication for where this business could get to in Q4? I think so. I think so. $400 million maybe with a good month, maybe even a little bit more. Okay. And I mean, similarly then on the margins, I mean, you talked kind of about an improvement in the margins and that being a good indication of where we might be for next year. So I know you've kind of historically talked about wanting to see this business get back to 15% margins. Maybe that's a little bit aggressive for Q4, but do you think sort of, again, good utilization, this division has done sort of 14% in recent years, is that a sensible assumption? That may be a different way of reasoning. Our forecast for the last quarter is that the year-end margin is going to be over 13%. The year-end margin then is the project is going to be above 13%. Then the last quarter, I don't have the data, but maybe quite less. Yeah, because you're at 11.6 year to date. So that would be 60%. I don't have the full plans of margin in one quarter. That's the forecast. Then I like the answers. If I can say one thing, let's always keep in mind that in project business, what is very relevant is the full year margin. Because if you go back many years, you will always find a very significant difference in margin between the first part of the year and the second part of the year. So I wouldn't take this 16% as a Q4, the compound calculation is 16%. I wouldn't use this for 2022. I think we should use the 13%, 14%, of course, with the growth of the business, we have operating leverage, but not certainly the Q4 used for the following full year.

And we are used for the following years. Sure, understood. And I guess is it right to think the reason that you might get to 16% is because you're closing on projects and those sometimes have some provision releases in, which is why that margin can be so strong. Just so we understand it a bit better. Is that correct? Yeah. It is correct. Yeah, OK. That's helpful. So my next question is just on this sort of 400 to 500 million sort of project EBITDA number that you've talked about. I mean, we get asked about it quite a lot. So the thing I'd like to understand is we're talking about EBITDA kind of in energy projects nearly doubling, so adding about 200 million. And if we think about kind of what that means in terms of revenues, we need to add, assuming it's a 15% margin, sort of somewhere north of a billion of revenues in order to achieve that. So I guess what I'm trying to understand when I look at your CapEx and you're spending 200 million on a US facility, but I'm struggling to see where the CapEx in the current assumptions is to get that kind of revenue growth. So unless kind of in the next couple of years we're going to see a real step up in CapEx on top of what you've just announced, can you help me understand how spending sort of 200 to 300 million on a new plant is going to get you a billion more of revenues? Or where with your current capacity set up, that kind of step up in revenues is achievable from? Okay, let me give an answer in a different way. Internal installation capacity and capacity we have already. We need some additional CapEx are foreseen. And on this list we have authorized an additional CapEx in Finland to be executed this year. We have already authorized and is ongoing the CapEx for a price increase in Acofelice. We have missed in the field the US plant. And we have already authorized also the US billion expansion from this year. So at least in the medium term we should be not so far from the required capacity by the market. With the investment that I already told you. Okay, so... Sorry. The level reported in page 11 is a really reasonable level. Hence maybe that from other opportunities will come and we are going to follow the traditional. Okay, so that's clear. Just so I really understand that. So you can potentially do in energy projects about 3 billion of revenues based on the CapEx that you have laid out in slide 11. Just to make that crystal clear. Okay, understood. And maybe just one, just the final one for Philippe. So, I mean I sort of appreciate the sort of comments on the volumes getting better, the pricing sort of maybe having reached the bottom. So should we also translate that to your sort of telecom margins also having bottomed? Because I know there's been this effect where your contracts get renegotiated. That can have a delayed impact on margins. So I'd love to understand whether based on the pricing and volumes we feel like margins have reached the bottom this year or whether there is still that delayed effect that may need to come through in 2022. Yes, Hamax. Certainly in the quarter three we had the full effect of the new contracts. We now have the full effect of prices, of the price reduction in our equipment. The second thing that we have is, of course, the impact of the increased raw materials and transportation. And, of course, as you know, the problem is working on our costs in general. I would say if you take the quarter three and you make it, you are at a level that is to me unless we actually find a new material crisis should be sustainable. We do not have any big change in the mix of the geography. Sorry to add a consideration that, in my opinion, is quite important. If you look at the inflation on the transportation, that is very helpful to us because our industrial presence all over the market is very good. Whereas the Indians, for instance, will have a much higher problem or much higher costs to export to the other markets. We don't. And that is helpful. We are seeing this in the UK market where the British were a third of the exporter of energy. And today they are suffering a lot with availability as well as the cost of containers. So the transportation cost increase is not totally negative. It's more expensive for us, but we are, I think, at least I can talk for my business, I think we are the most local of the global players. And we have seen it in the other part of the business. That's what I'm seeing right now. Okay, Valerio, could I just check, because I struggled to hear during the presentation, you didn't make it, did you or did you not make a comment on 2022 margins in telecom? Did I hear a comment on 2022 margins in telecom? You did not. I did not, obviously. You did not, okay. Perfect. Thank you very much, Il. I just like to talk right now about the margins of last year. It is a little bit confusing. Understood. Thank you. You're welcome. Our next question comes from Eilidh Shan MacLachan from HSBC. Please go ahead with your question. Good afternoon, thank you for taking my question. The first is coming back to slide 11. Could you just talk a little bit more about what you mean by climate change and digital in terms of CapEx allocation? How should we think about this? How are you enhancing your product? And how can we think about profitability, new products in climate change and digital? I leave the floor to Massimo, but let me, I will skip over, because what I mean, I start the answer, then I leave the floor to Massimo. Obviously, in order to catch with our self-based target commitments, we have to reduce our emissions. And to do that, we need some CapEx. For instance, the ramping of all our factories are already ongoing. But there are other CapEx, other not significant CapEx, but other efforts that we have to do. There is someone that has been spoken. And consequently, we needed to foresee some investments, some medium-sized CapEx in order to reduce our field emissions in the next five years. That's the reason for the climate change in digital CapEx. More climate change in digital is something much more stable than proceed. Massimo, do you want to intervene? Yes, we have a commitment, Sean, of net zero by 2035. We have allowed some 100 million CapEx over 10 years to be deployed in our factories to make this plan solid and achievable. And this is what climate change is about. We also are working on removing some SS6 gas, which are very contaminating in our footprint. The one that we use has another contaminant for our ability and accessibility testing. And this requires some additional CapEx. And so this is showing the problem that we discussed before. It's climate change, it's sustainability. Climate change we take very seriously. If we start something, we are going to do it. That's our style. Understood. And how should I think then about the digital part of that? Because surely that is going into new product areas. No, the digital is quite an important type of investment. We have a year of investment in order to improve our digital platform, meaning the IT systems that include the interactive literature, is that now we are

Now we are implementing the new SAP S4 in the entire perimeter. Right now we are doing it in North America and it's a quite expensive capex. Did I answer your question? Yes, that's very clear. Thank you. And if I may just one follow-up. Just to be clear on the project capex, you know about the US facility, I'm just thinking about the split between submarine and high voltage. I guess that ship is obviously a submarine specific, but can I assume there's complete overlap in new capacity in the projects for both submarine and underground high voltage? Yes, but of course I am not sure to have understood very well your question. But the capex we are referring to are the capex including the HV land and the submarine. Of course the share of the incident of the high voltage capex on the total energy project is lower than somewhere else. Most of the capex would be deployed in the submarine capacity, more in the voltage capacity in the range of probably 30 to 70 percent, 30 being land and 70 percent in the submarine. This is what I understand that the capex requirements for German corridors are almost already done. The capex for submarine under execution are partly in the numbers of 2022. What we missed today is part of the capex for submarine. Unless some other liquid land projects because... Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Okay, our next question comes from the line of Pratalech Saigonkar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question. Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking the question. I am Pratalech, I work with Daniel at B.S. I had two quick questions. My first one was like you seem to be running a lot of projects in the U.S. without having a U.S. submarine plan. I was just wondering that do you still need a U.S. plant or is it possible to just produce all the cables that you need for U.S. from your European facilities? And I can ask the second one later. The first question is about the U.S. plant. The U.S. is possible, but the transportation will be expensive. And there are local contractors, unfortunately, appreciated by the customers in Europe. Even while having no additional capability of cable capacity for the U.S. market in Europe, being also in the European market expected to try to grow, we have decided to move into the market. Let me remember that we have been the first to build the H&E plant in the U.S. by our competitors. Now we are not the first. Sorry, the submarine H&E, we wanted to be the second and not more than the second. It is also like the global balance of our capacity versus the demand. We will have a situation in which we produce from Europe and deliver to the U.S. even if we are a part of the U.S. and also the other way around. Because it would be difficult to guarantee full separation of our assets only sitting in one geographical area, being in Europe. So the second plant in the United States will have a separate full plant across the world and respond promptly to market demand. Thanks a lot. And my second question was around telecom. I don't know if you have already answered this, but the telecom PPI data seems to have moved up, but your commentary around pricing was still challenging. So how much time do you think it will take for the telecom pricing to reflect the PPI data? I'm not sure. The question is about how much it will take to go back to pre-pandemic margins for telecom. And it's, I would say, which pre-pandemic? Because nowadays in telecom reality is not the main event. The main event was the slowdown of the Chinese market in February 2019, which was one year before the pandemic. And since then prices went down by something like 30%. Very suddenly, and they stayed down and even went down further for a while. We are going to be back to these levels, I hope, one day, but I don't see it yet. What I see is something like half the gap being complete in the coming 12 months, something like this. But you have to take that. We have the gut feeling of someone knowing the market and having feelings about it. It's not scientific at all. The volatility of the financial market is unfortunately pretty high. Consequently, now we are hovering. What will happen in the next 12 months is difficult to predict. The trends are on the low side. Thank you. Thank you for answering my question. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of George Ferris-Dawes from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question. Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Listening to some of the commentary across the wind energy sector recently, the industry has fairly struggled with logistics and raw materials cost inflation. I just wondered if you'd seen any changes to pricing dynamics or contract structures and conversations with customers within your wind and offshore wind exposure. Thanks. The energy business is a pretty steady business in terms of volumes, of nicely growing. The trend is growing, the wind energy. Now the raw materials increase and the cost of production increase, we have been able to transfer to our customers. And that's very good because at the end, once you transfer the capital price increase or the insulation material cost increase, something remains in your pocket, especially if you are able to negotiate properly. Now... Sorry. So the growth of raw materials in our business is positive if the demand is good because we can pass it to the markets, to the customers. If the demand is not good, that's another problem. It's a very problem. But it usually doesn't happen. In the last 20 years that I'm in the business, I've never seen it. So in the offshore, as you were asking for, the offshore you mean the projects. In the projects, the metal is fixed in advance. Once we get the order, we fix the metals for the entire quantity of the project. We cannot fix, my friends, the deliverables on the end, that is the base raw material for the compound. And we may suffer a little bit of the margins, but it's not a number that is going to kill us. So the raw material cost increase is usually passed to the customers. For the projects, of course, the timeline to execute the projects and to realize the cable is longer than the move of the raw material price. And the contracts do not foresee an adjustment of the price due to the raw material fluctuation, if not from the customer. But it's not going to damage significantly the margin of the projects. Can I go? I see what you want to say about the project margins. Yes, Valerio, you explained very well the project part. I can only add that it is very project specific to adjust sometimes also raw materials other than metals. If the customer is in agreement that we can escalate, you know, with an escalation formula

the price according to the indexes of other raw materials. We are taking that into consideration. In case we are not in agreement and the customer wants to keep a fixed price in the projects other than the metals, then we include some inflation into our projects that cover partially, you know, the normal increases in the market regarding the raw materials. But of course, if there are short-term significant fluctuations, they are not covered by these adjustments. However, we do not see such a situation lately, especially when we sign the contract after the raw material price increases that has happened. We are already including all the updated raw materials and also expected increases going forward. So as Valerio said, we from time to time are affected, but it is not changing the profitability of the project significantly. Thank you very much for the color on that. Thanks. Okay, is there another question? We appear to have just one question that has been registered, sir. Would you like to take it? Yeah, of course. Yes, it comes from the line of Lee Ezzetevenisa. Please go ahead with your question and announce your company's name. Hi, good afternoon. Can you hear me? Lee Ezzetevenisa from Aikuta. Just one question on the energy. If you can elaborate on the speed of organic growth and volume for the coming quarters for the energy infrastructure industrial division based on your visibility and backlog. Thank you. Speed of organic growth in the project business. I have to be very honest with you. I rarely have seen energy business, especially E&I, going up sharply. Consequently, our forecast, I tell you the truth, is to be able to keep the volume of energy. That would be already a success after the very big increases. Maximum of your forecast. Volume will remain conservative, but we are very positive about what we have this year, and so passing cost inflation to the market is quite right. So you will see an organic growth not related to volume, but more related to prices than anything else. So this is something that we foresee lasting at least for the first quarter of next year, and beyond that, a little bit of visibility. But we are confident that we do next year, I think, in terms of the year. Thank you very much. Thank you very much to all of you. It has been a pleasure to have this conference call with you, and goodbye to the next one. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you very much.

