 Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Prismian Group 9 months 2021 financial
 results call.
 At this time, my participants are in the same only mode.
 until we conduct the question and answer session.
 and instructions will follow at that time.
 Just to remind you all, this call is being recorded.
 I'd now like to hand over to the chairperson, Mr. Valerio Batista, CEO of Prismin Group.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much and good afternoon to all the audience.
 Welcome to the 9 month 20-21 report of vision.
 Okay, let's go immediately to the page number three.
 the key high-high of the first time.
 The performance has been good, with a solid agenda of people to question, with a significant
 that it will really accross over you.
 The margins have kept, as in the story, pretty well.
 And I'm going to take the turn if I got to the martin.
 That's just a 9% of that 20.2.
 But if we consider the metaphrase that has been inflated,
 have been inflated, our top line, the real margins could have been an eight-to-six percent.
 No subject.
 Record backlog and don't let me take indifference.
 We have a four BWL on the back.
 Look, let me remember that the part of it is coming from the U.S.
 I'm happy to get this certificate.
 We got the three important projects in the U.S. market.
 It's all green, and it should be seen.
 Okay, 900 million dollars.
 That's it.
 This is the biggest single HV project in the year.
 the convenient energy that was just one week ago,
 in the value of the channel in 30 million euros.
 That is the largest project ever awarded in the U.S.
 That's all, Marina.
 That's not to be, finally, the winter wind of short windfall brought the notice to Gershwin
 and all the related optimization by the Google.
 So we are going to start the execution.
 Let's move to page 4.
 Thanks. Thanks, sir.
 to 9,300,000, the total value of 11.4%.
 Related a big gap has been 125 billion.
 that we can margin up certain predictors.
 You have to see that the effect of the metal price in that percentage.
 But what counts as the US?
 I don't know if that's what we're just going to do.
 The stone, not extremely positive now, is about the biggest stone because of the weight of the
 It will be a very high level of cost of raw materials.
 So, going back to the organigro.
 We're going to grow very good, especially in EMI and PNI, the industrial and network
 component to business.
 I'm going to give you a new one today.
 And the telephone, the telephone miles posted at 13.5% of them.
 From the adjusted bidders from Zulu, you can say that the nine-month adjusted bidders
 is at the same radius as it all in 19.
 it looks to be the product's effect.
 And the energy business adjusted in that is better than the COVID-19, but yet are it down?
 Not stupid.
 We expect, in the last quarter, to see a strong ramp up of the energy project,
 but it's a chance to get on and get a lead vote.
 the value.
 Quickest flow.
 Fikistro, we are seeing that the problem of Fikistro is being heated by the problems
 from the breeze of the wind with the wind.
 And of course, it's going to be the operating working process and that could be final.
 We are working on it.
 Let's do it to page 5.
 which five is orderly.
 Instead, 2.3 billion viewers awarded the year-to-day recruitment marks with a two-week project
 U.S., the linear and the sobering, and the other various projects.
 It's a fear, first of all, you're so willing to fight in the city, can't you?
 The good wind, the tattish crossing, is how we use it.
 So a number of our family they have already paid to which we are still missing the kill
 of the project.
 that is a click for the year with Iranian link.
 expect it to turn up in the last course.
 Let's move to page 6.
 Let's see.
 Yes, please.
 Let's compare quickly, please, organ phase, above, and then play on.
 internal borders and the intention.
 Not on a record.
 and try to compare the volume of the state of the first nine months, 2021, to 2018,
 Because the reference here, for example, is not in more 2020,
 There's no point in doing so.
 Perfect.
 Largely.
 As you can see, North America will have a plus 1% potential compared to Italy.
 in EMEA plus a modest plus 0.4%.
 And if, obviously, the comparison with 20 is much higher, it's 11%.
 Latin America.
 Latin America posted a transport team
 is 2% on time.
 And the plus is 2% on time.
 Obviously, the American is not a giant, okay?
 is a pretty good thing.
 is growing and we are able to develop pretty well.
 The sole negative comparison compared to the other 19 is area back.
 Why?
 not so much because of China, but much more because of China.
 Again, some of the customers have closed it below this, and that's really good for the
 minus 2.5, you see in the chart.
 compared to 2019.
 2020 obviously is a new conclusion and is a past 11.3%.
 My business, my business, E&I is the first provider of the group.
 This point we can start with part two in the end.
 And if you have questions, please tell us.
 Comments, please.
 It might be that the energy is the same because the same is for or similarly is for industrial
 is the...
 the government of resiliency in terms of performance,
 even in a difficult condition.
 It had to come out of the box.
 Conferring, what else compared to 20?
 the community had posted the post of people
 and your whole people participate.
 The best is 90.
 the performance is negative, especially in the first half of the year.
 You may remember that in 19, the volumes were extremely high to be the peak in the summer of 19,
 then the market collapses, and this is not my thing.
 are suffering at all points.
 moving quickly to slide number seven, the performance in energy and energy.
 Having the projects on the left side that is not yet at the point of speed,
 I have to say that the projects,
 because most of them are organic growth, that is 1.3 percent.
 That means that Earthquake posted at 11.1%.
 And that's the picture or an atticitation of the results that we expect to come in the
 So at the end, the EBITDA, that is what happens, is very similar to the 9 month 2020, but the
 The dashboard will be the real indicator for next year.
 ENI.
 Today the sales view 4.3% in the last quarter of 16.3% and the results of the end of the
 even went up from one hundred thirty-four years between us.
 with a very good ramp up.
 and a pretty good warranty.
 iPhone 7, that with the metal of the 2020 has to be
 experience seven percent.
 So the margins are pretty good in the end.
 And that can make the component move at the start of 132.
 Sorry, the postage are 9.2 percent per unit row and in the last quote 8.9 percent.
 It is stabilizing with a 50% organic growth and about 9%.
 and equate it with a big diamond.
 Moving from 130 to 150 billion in the first nine months to 21.
 Point of the telecom.
 The outcome has reported an organic growth, 9 months of 15.5%, with a last quarter of 9.7%.
 rising degree seats from 1.47, 1.047 to 1.204 million euros seats were at Elita that moved
 from 160 to 178, and the margin that went up, if you consider the weight stable, from 15.5%
 to 14.8%.
 The 14 points in reality, if we use the metals value because there is a lot of NMMS, multi-media
 resolution or the stable so that the height and the size of the couple can be
 as 15.4%.
 The volume will be good, the gas is pressurey, and the contribution of what you see is being
 almost stable. You can see that the level of medium versus the level of medium is a little
 higher than the tip of the tip.
 So overall, say it went up from 7.5 billion
 to 9.3 billion with a growth of 7% but in the last quarter the acceleration is clearly
 There we start to apply to the center of the network.
 The result to, of course, move the consequence of this data in at least a hundred and seventy-five
 million euros, after 90 million of forex.
 negative percent.
 Let's click to page 8.
 Let's have a look at the last two years, as we read it.
 The rest of the year, as I was saying before, I can be considered a 2019, when we reached
 1,000,000 and 7,000,000 in debt.
 Today, we have to consider that there is a certain forex effect that is roughly 50 million
 just to simplify it.
 And other than that, there is a very strong increase of raw material cost and distribution
 Cost increase.
 These are good effects, negative effects,
 and being fast and moderately compensated by the world,
 but very much by the process.
 That's the demonstration.
 The special energy is able to transfer the cost includes to the customers because there
 Please, no way.
 or the players are going to transfer it.
 quickly, or I'm going to use nothing.
 The volume in the telecom segment has been a little bit negative, and the price mixed
 in panic on her being that
 We need power.
 you know, because what was this in competitive 19,
 The price went down, the needle went in, the price, yes, and the bonus went down and the price, too.
 The project has been still suffering a little bit, but we are sure that we are going to
 Get it on from the projects.
 You're required to completely begin.
 It closed completely.
 Finally, the efficiencies and the fixed costs have helped us to reach the guidance and the
 probably in the upper side of it.
 Let's move to page 9 by region.
 The reason that we cannot say that to cease-wise,
 In here, one.
 Let me say that North America has suffered more than a year and that's the value of the
 geographical differentiation.
 You remember that last year we were commenting the very, very harsh ramp up of North America.
 Today, we are here to address that.
 I heard that.
 with India to join the game, in terms of absolute value.
 In Latin America too, you can see that in Latin America,
 will be 32% in better states.
 With that, I'm going to be done with you from 41 to 73 years.
 So, Latin America gave us an excellent performance.
 Well, no, well, not America.
 suffered a little bit of the decline of the very strong power distribution business we
 in that year.
 Last but not the least, Asia Park, it probably comes for not very big amount.
 54 million with an organic growth of 11.3 percent compared with the first nine months,
 First, 9 months, 20, 20.
 These are pretty solid, and the coagulant is now open.
 and our total view, 11.4 percent, is done.
 Thank you.
 We are very significant in government from 647 to 180 million euro.
 Wait, the project's still...
 But I guarantee you that the last course will be significantly better.
 And the business is doing just like that.
 So I went very well.
 Thank you.
 You too.
 To page nine, to page ten, the guidance.
 The guidance is complete, 920, 970, I can tell you that you will be not so far from the max
 of the address, hmm?
 That's not the same comment from the footage flow.
 Why? Because rather the guidance for free control was 300 plus or minus 60 meters.
 The maximum guidance will not be easy to be reached.
 Why? Because in the last, or in the first nine months, we suffered a lot the increase of raw materials and energy that obviously are going to absorb cash to us.
 reason why our today's guidance is more in the middle of the range than in the upper side.
 Last but not least, page 11.
 On the page you can see the trend of the last five years.
 In 2017, my number was 40 million.
 Thank you.
 by 1932 in 1910, 2007, 2020, 800 and 40 because of COVID,
 And this is, let's say, something like 960 or about 2060.
 Now.
 What happened?
 that the energy business in the line
 enjoys their position of general people
 Why is it the light, the light gives the heat?
 writing results, and for the next year, we can turn my
 in five years.
 Thank you.
 respect has been passed to the world.
 The other thing you need is this.
 This is the end of the end process.
 I expected myself not to do it.
 Why?
 Be cool with that.
 Yeah?
 after the peak of 18 and 19, went down in 2020 because of the price, in 2021 has started
 it to the corner.
 And despite the very high volatility of this business, we believe that there are no reasons
 to respect another person of the kind of business in terms of equity.
 The projects are really in the ramp to the cost.
 Why? You call me sir, after three years?
 All right.
 This is good.
 Mark.
 Finally, we have an understanding of the book.
 We don't have a lot or maybe only the institution, but we are totally focused on the institution
 the risks and we are quite sure that the projects will run back in terms of performance, starting
 in the form of the last quarter this year.
 Let's have a look on the movement side of the chart
 a battle could be
 between the performance of the business and the budget.
 they debug the
 a location you may...
 You can see that in this, I always said that our copies were run about 250,000 after the acquisition of Geraski.
 And that has been the end of this video.
 you can see very clearly the very big increase of telecom capex in the years 17, 18, 19, the green
 in charge of the outcome.
 Passing from the second half of 19, we dropped the telephone covers.
 because of the crisis we have seen in this market and we have to improve the context.
 the green, that green, that are the ones that are related to projects.
 Now, what about the shape?
 We see a slight increase, slight further increase for the next three years of the conference.
 Why? Because we have to put our power to follow the project, the project, the one.
 And you see that the dark green side of the cone, of the compass,
 are going to be the largest part of the context itself.
 Absolutely.
 That's it.
 I finished 46 in this cafe.
 are included in the new salmon impact.
 as well as in the context of the last three years, 2020 and 2021,
 We believe that we have been able to include all of the new shifts that are going on in Chile.
 is completed and already will speak.
 Working with very good performance, the cable ship has been able to lay the first chunk
 of biting.
 with very good results.
 So, we have very happy investment in this.
 The next big investment is going to be in the planning of this.
 Thank you very much.
 I leave the floor to Francesco before we go to the Q&A session.
 Thank you, Valerio, and good evening to everybody.
 As usual, I start from the control unit.
 profit and loss of about 9.3 billion euro, affected by a pretty huge effect coming from
 The metal price is worth more or less 1.3 billion for the nine months.
 And whatever you explained, the organiser also was extremely positive compared to M.C.
 year by when you see organic growth including also the projects which is
 here today, 10% better than the alpha organ growth of 8.5%,
 improving in the third quarter.
 And even more importantly, I would say,
 where you explain that the level of organic growth or organic sales is about as big as
 level of 2019 in energy business for approximately 3% above, and even not too far from the 3
 3 pandemic 2019 for the telecom period.
 So these are extremely positive signals and indications.
 Uh..
 Justin E. B. D. A.
 a very good margin, 7.8 percent, which, however, is stated to account for the compromise in
 We used a rate of 9% up from the 8.6% of the previous data.
 So, it's quite strong, you know.
 margin increase, in particular, in the energy business and in particular in the
 we are not going to be able to do anything.
 The third quarter was pretty strong, 255 million, at the same level more or less of the second
 or some
 ehm
 excluding the more or less 50 million, 46 million forex effects accumulated over the
 in the last two years, this level of the EBDA is totally comparable with the 2019 EBDA.
 in my opinion, in our opinion, a very good indication, and for all these reasons, as
 whatever your nation that we are quite confident to close the year in the very high part of
 our eBDA guidance for very close to a hundred and seventy.
 you see on the
 box top right, the comparison quarter by quarter of the EVGA with the prior year, with the previous
 This year, a broken down by business.
 project energy, telecom excluding the share of net income and share of net income.
 Let me just make one remark.
 It's pretty evident how the very strong Q2 and Q3 is supported by the very significant
 and positive progression of the energy business.
 You see that the positive deviation compared to the previous year is grown order after
 water from 17 million to 20 million in Q2, 35 million in Q3, even helped by the easing
 all the products affected.
 Morex effect is $19 million, up to $8 million.
 for the first nine months, and you see that was particularly
 negative in the first quarter, relatively negative in the second quarter, and even likely positive
 in the third quarter.
 is, of course, what we don't solve.
 support the full year EBDA and the full year chosen.
 Adjustments below the adjusted BDL in meaning a mainly restructuring cost are decreasing.
 down to 25 million as we have totally expected
 after the South European footprint of 2019 and 2020.
 print of 2019 and 2020, the special items, so which are really equally non-monetary items
 not affecting the hash are also very low.
 last year, we suffered from a plethora of impermanence out here this year.
 We are not having this negative effect, and this is, of course, in the end, driving up
 our network.
 Good news also from financial costs, from financial charges, is that you stick 10 million
 and then come back to 8.04.
 even if I had to pay the real net interest expenses
 quite stable, whereas this positive effect is mainly coming from a one-off effect related
 to the issuance of the Euclid Compact in late January,
 is involved in February.
 That's great.
 The tax rate is also decreasing down to 32%, despite some negative one offer, one for all,
 for instance, the tax rating for the UK, not despite it.
 We have a nice, but 4%
 That's great.
 Be quick.
 decrease, and in a summary all this is boosting our group mapping up to 255, which is all
 most of them come from the real deal.
 Let me now go to the following slide, the bar sheet.
 Let me start from the stability, obviously this is a point of the net financial position
 of the national debt at $2,663 million for the stable from September 2020, also in the
 They take value or anticipate the reasons for it very clearly.
 And the substantial reason is a major impact can be from raw material prices, from a huge
 huge increase in the Roma period prices, just to mention you a couple of numbers over the
 last 12 months, also September 2, September, we are counting a negative cash impact, working
 capital impact from metal twice to approximately 320 million, 320 million euro, and it's much
 more difficult to estimate, the non-metal raw material
 price is increased, much more difficult to estimate, and the estimate is at least 80
 So, all in all, we can count a 400 million impact on our balance sheet and operating
 working capital coming from the material price.
 Of course, we have tried our best to compensate this.
 It was not that easy.
 Yes, one minute.
 We benefited from the pretty good reduction of what's in capital from power in cash, pretty
 is some cash flow from powering over the last 12 months.
 Of course, we start from the other end, from a necessary
 to re-stocking or stock rebuild also to follow the good volume trend and to follow the principle
 And I think we achieved a very good reduction of working capital both on the front of receivable
 and the front.
 and the front of the tables, and these allow us to partially compensate the
 or material process effect.
 Let me find out how to go to the cash flow.
 Here we have the usual bridge of the dexter showing the dexter stability from September
 to September.
 You see here, I.I.
 I.I.
 12 months, last 12 months, a critical show of 202 million, this reconciled with the 282
 million taking into consideration the 18 million and types of cash statements that we had all
 and we are going to be able to work with that.
 12 months left, and that's an income of 182 million,
 the number which is, of course, the centenquilla in turn,
 with our year-end guidance at 300 million plus, minus 20%.
 So this means that overall we anticipated for water,
 in terms of cash flow, pretty much in line with the previous year, maybe slightly better
 Allowing us to grow, to honor the altitude,
 and he start to do the different of the guys that's doing it,
 300 million euro.
 I think I am over with my part of the presentation.
 we can go ahead with a Q&A session.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 If you have a question at this time, please press star one
 on your telephone keypad.
 To cancel your question, you can press the hashtag
 Once again, there's still one on your telephone keypad to ask a question and a hash of punk key to cancel.
 So, we have a question coming from the line of Lucie Carrier from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 First, I need to apologize if maybe I ask something that you've already mentioned, but my line
 is very poor this afternoon, so I couldn't follow everything with a lot of details.
 My first question was around the free cash flow performance after nine months and how
 How do we bridge that to your guidance of $300 million for the full year because it
 would imply a quite significant kind of reversal, maybe, of working capital or a lot of downpayment
 coming through. So can you help us understand how do we bridge the free cash flow at nine
 months which I think is a heavy negative to the 300 million positives for this year.
 Sure.
 Lucy Francesco speaking, the drop of the working capital
 and the huge cash flow generation in the fourth quarter,
 It's related with two factors, mainly with the seasonality, factor number one, and with
 they normally will order and take and also might turn the delivery of the project business
 which are very test-generative in the last part of the year, namely the fourth quarter.
 If you allow, I prefer made it to start to at least take out of the picture one of this
 aspect of the functionality to start from the last 12 months, the free cash flow of September
 which is the well-known 222, and Bridges Bezos,
 It's not a big change.
 we will serve as a benefit of an improvement of EVPA confirmed to last year, co-arranging
 with our guidance. We may also benefit of the metal price, or some metal price, except
 because the copper, black, white, flesh,
 And in the last period, even between the little bits,
 So in the fourth quarter, we may benefit a bit,
 Whereas in the first quarter last year,
 you remember that there was a start
 of the metal price increases.
 although the two trains are quite opposite,
 opposite of course we are assuming stability now of the otherwise.
 If I may add anything else?
 I'm considering it.
 in the same way that you speak.
 There has been an effect that is a traditional effect though,
 that when materials become scarce,
 that everyone is running behind the traditional methods.
 And that's being our mistake, the mistake of our team in several inches.
 This is why we gave a very strict control on the orders of raw material, because when
 If something becomes tough, you may remember the Fiverr's humanity, the first six months
 You are actually perceiving the race behind the material
 in the first nine months, six months,
 specific on this here.
 And that would be in the effect of that touch rate.
 We do not.
 We do not have the material that we have to enter the price.
 and the scarcity of the raw material perceived by some of the markets,
 He made the mistake to run for higher volumes in our stock.
 That is going to be compensated because we are acting the previous strongly in our supply chain.
 And that the matter of fact, I would believe this thing will mean some recovering working
 capital specifically in stock in the fourth quarter, so it will be a positive sector.
 Where are you, bud?
 we will have certainly a higher level of capital,
 This is the 248 million of last 12 months,
 will grow to 390 million, and this will be on the negative side, like also the fact that
 last year was a particularly strong cash flow of the project business in the fourth quarter
 VDI is much more distributed. As I said, we had a very good dynamic of cash flow from
 projects in the first nine months, in the last 12 months, and compared to last year,
 will have a net positive contribution, still positive,
 but less all the contribution from all the Singapore quarter,
 But all in all, all these sectors are substantially compensating in China, right?
 to deliver a full year pre-test load in the region of 300 million compared to the 282
 million last month September so the bridge in principle is not very material
 You have a lot to lose your compensating effect, plus and minuses, but the reality is that our
 should remain pretty stable from the last 12 months of September.
 I don't know if I was clear of those things.
 Yes, thank you very much. Thank you for all the color.
 My second question was around the order of IPRIN and I was just kind of wondering how
 What do you think about the awarding in the next few quarters in terms of large contract
 and whether you see yourself keeping your share because, effectively, you've had a very
 strong momentum in order already year to date. You know, it was quite clear from your slide.
 And if you think about 2022 in terms of execution, you'll have a backlog of $4 billion if I
 also add some of the U.S. project and the Middle East project, which is not yet apparently
 in the backlog, it's nearly $6 billion.
 How much of that backlog do you expect
 to materialize in 2022?
 and you mentioned in the past, you know,
 capacity utilization of different technology,
 IPNMI."
 How should we think about that into next year considering that enormous backlog you have?
 This is your time.
 This is what you should be.
 next year, but the only thing I can tell you is that the older are here, and we expect
 that will help from a view to the cash flow with the advance payment.
 We expect to materialize some more order of which the biggest one of the history that
 is going to be, which is going to be our share of this project I can now participate with
 because we are at the silent period, but I'm quite confident.
 For the next year, obviously, that's a trend that we are reasonably confident to be able to catch.
 So, next year's project will hopefully confirm the trend of the last two quarters and we
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Yes, I mean, I guess, you know, I was maybe hoping a slightly more precise kind of conversion
 rate of the backlog if you had in mind, but maybe it's a bit too early to ask, I know
 We are only in November.
 That's the way it's the one that we are going to give the guidance for topics here.
 Okay. And then maybe last question on the CAPEX you are mentioning, the step-up.
 You had already mentioned that before.
 but just as a matter of update for the submarine project
 for the summer in Kent in the U.S.
 What is the current situation?
 Do you have a site?
 you have a timeline that you can maybe share with us and also how much capacity do you
 expect to add to the market or maybe versus your current capacity, I mean, you have about
 at 40% market share in the market.
 So is there anything you can share on that at this stage?
 And the answer is yes.
 We have pretty clear what we have to do.
 Besides, this is identified, but not yet secured.
 Contributory in the next week.
 we have to be able to secure the property of the site in order to start the construction
 Be gaming the next year.
 The total value of the investment will be about 200 million euros.
 It is an accident for you.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Our next question comes from the line of Monica Bosio
 from Intesa, Sao Paulo.
 So please go ahead and do your question.
 Good evening, everyone, and first of all, I apologize because also my line is quite
 disturbed.
 The first question is on the Lithuanian link.
 should we expect for the new flow by year-end, and in this case, in case of a potential
 the large part of the link.
 Is it the tyrannical link already included in your capital guidance or the tyrannical
 would require additional topics on top of the one that you have already announced.
 And my second question is on for Francesco.
 I know it's premature, but considering the performance of the energy project for the
 next year, and on the other side, there is still a challenging cook scenario, would
 You view as feasible an improvement of the three cash flow year on year up to 400 million
 in Europe, or would it be more prudent to be below this level?
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, Monika, I try to give you an answer on three premiums.
 As I said, we cannot, as of now, clarify completely the position of the plane.
 We are confident that we will be able to catch.
 at least a significant portion of it,
 Investments in carpets related to the execution of the Iranian are not in why?
 because they are not for C.
 because of the capacity we have to manage the uranium
 And, consequently, there will not be an additional capex to manage the heat.
 Okay.
 So, that's a big deal.
 no additional catics.
 No, I think we're a couple of 40 minutes.
 Oh, okay.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 monitor regarding the free cash flow question, if I understood well, obviously,
 for this to go to 2022, right?
 Well, in principle, if we think how much the raw material price is affected, the cash flow
 So this year, I think it shouldn't be possible to be visible at the level that you might
 of course, as usual, we have a target to improve our results of the first component, and then
 And of course, we shouldn't suffer from these major raw materials prior to the increase.
 And, of course, on the other side, we will have the key chain of the higher level of
 of topics with one area as well as the nation so but all these in all these the most material
 component is definitely the raw material prices increase and it will not
 a father penalized next year I think that the level you mentioned should be
 Let's take some more time to give a more precise indication on the full teacher of the guidance,
 guidance, profit and loss, and cash flow when we will publish our year-end results.
 Okay, got it.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from the line of Akash Gupta from JT Morgan.
 Yes, hi, good afternoon, Valerio and Francisco, and thanks for your time.
 I have three questions as well and I'll ask one at a time.
 My first question is on slide 11.
 And first of all, thank you for giving some medium term picture on EBDA, but looking at
 this slide and if I look at the dots for projects business and it looks like you are indicating
 substantial increase in projects in the medium term, which could be above 500 million euros
 if I just measure these bar, right?
 And can you confirm that when you say medium term?
 Is it 2025 or is it 2026 that we should read here?
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 If you are asking me something that is too much precise, I already gave the indication
 that we expect for projects that they can confirm.
 the run-up of the sales, the project sales,
 and the margins going into reach by what it would be within five years.
 Let's say it was in the physics, something like in between 400 and 500.
 So it's more than doubling the result.
 Is that clear with your question?
 Yeah.
 I think that is in line with what I was just expecting.
 And then the second one I have is also on projects.
 I mean, you have said explicitly
 that you are going with a new plant in the U.S.
 but I wanted to ask about the UK.
 I mean, especially after Brexit,
 There is a very high focus here on getting as much local supply chain as possible for
 offshore wind and government has come up with some kind of support for local supply chain.
 I'm just wondering.
 I think you have a high voltage back here.
 But the end.
 And do you have any plan to have a subsea factory
 in the UK production point.
 Honestly, I met also some people from UK government about it.
 I cannot say no, but I cannot say yes, as of today.
 was because it makes no sense to pollute the world of the summary plan.
 Some of them are very expensive, very difficult to be managed,
 and we cannot have a template and so forth.
 The priority we choose is enormous.
 Later, we are going to see.
 Never, never, bad.
 The difference of development of the market.
 We have capacity in the field and we have capacity for the medium voltage in Germany.
 We have capacity for the X-ray voltage in utility.
 for the time being.
 Thank you.
 My final question is on price cost going into 2022.
 So I think...
 you mentioned early on that you were able to recover some inflation through better pricing
 And as we go into 2022, we are talking about labor inflation, which may be higher than
 and what we have seen in recent years.
 And I just wanted to know your thoughts on could that be
 had been for the bridge in 2022 or do you think that this better pricing that we are
 seeing in the market will allow you to pass this additional headwind coming from
 labor inflation on top of supply chain and component.
 And that's a very difficult question.
 I understand perfectly, what I can tell you is difficult to tell because the labor cost
 The total cost of the company is like $1 billion, $200 billion.
 Obviously, if we are going to see a 5% level of cost increase, it will not be easy to be
 It's very possible.
 So, of course, the depth, the level of cost increase and the related rate is different
 that kind of thing, that kind of thing at the end of the day.
 I would say that this shouldn't be an issue in our PML.
 if limited to a single little digit.
 The goal I gave you to the C-Share and to the local is to control and to keep under the
 at the level of prefects.
 obviously depends on the development of the market.
 Sorry.
 Now, just a clarification, you just said that you are aiming to contain this inflation
 in single digit million million euro, is it what you said?
 I said the 3% salary inflation is the theoretical limit.
 I want to be able to reach.
 Thank you.
 depends to country by country, market by market, which is going to be the effect of the contract.
 Thank you very much.
 No, I can't.
 Next question comes from Lionel Frenato,
 Gazzuro from Steve's Health.
 Please go ahead and read your question.
 Yes, good afternoon.
 Good afternoon.
 What?
 If you can provide an update on pricing on the competitive environment, we have seen
 also the last channel by tender, so an update on that side also in the European market.
 The second question is on your new submarine cable project in the US,
 is supposed to be Gino Charouin.
 Can you provide any more color on that about the competition you are experiencing in the
 In the bidding process, it's the first kind of supply and counter, and you accept more
 Contest-free diesel, since then so profitable.
 Can we assume the similar level of profitability
 of the CUNI-NA project in the U.S.
 Thank you.
 And then the last question is still on your cut explain in North America.
 So basically you have announced $100 million plus $85 million for the telecom segment and
 your investment in the energy project for the new plant in the short term.
 Can we assume these are the investments you plan for the North America, or maybe necessary
 to think about more investment going forward.
 Thank you.
 Okay. Let me start with some of your questions.
 The North American investment is going to be something like 200 billion at least.
 Then how is already in the number I presented to you?
 to you.
 Despite not wrong, I already think that we were going to wind the CapEx level for the
 next three years, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, and about three hundred million.
 300, up to 350.
 Why?
 He comes.
 Shit.
 He's a what?
 But the U.S. plan is coming.
 And the U.S. plan to it be something like an average of 70 billion a year cannot be
 The absolute way, baby.
 other characteristics of the group.
 You are going to consider that at least quite clearly in this line, that we have to dedicate
 some millions to the decarbonization.
 that is a game that we are asked and we accepted it to execute.
 And what we say, yes, we do it.
 We are planning a number of tactics, not the huge, to reduce the level of admission of the company.
 scope one.
 The other two questions, the US government is ok with that.
 I think that's the best comment.
 That's an honest.
 Thanks.
 The US market is, I don't know if the Hakan that should be on the line.
 Yes, I'm correct.
 I'm connected.
 I guess the question is a given or not.
 All right.
 The question was about dominion at the balance of plant and the pricing in the US so
 So, if I comment on the Dominion, the Dominion is the first balance of plans offered that
 we have made together with DIME.
 And in an environment like the U.S. where offshore wind is just emerging, sometimes customers
 refer to buy the whole system, including transportation
 of the polls and also installation of the polls together.
 And the balance of time approach becomes an important element.
 So we have done, the first time, a partnership with Demen
 to approach that new way of business.
 So I think the important thing here
 is that the pricing definitely is relative
 to the risk that you're taking.
 And we can say that it's comparable to the overall offshore wind project that we have.
 And I cannot say that it's extremely high.
 It's extremely low, but it's in line with the expectations and in line with the risks that
 that we are taking.
 And it is not going to be the first one and the last one.
 We foresee to have more, especially when the VINFAR market is growing, to utilize also
 external installers apart our own fleet in some projects, and we are expecting that to
 continue.
 And I can say that let me say it is more complicated
 to have a balance of friends approach, but it is also I think a good approach for our utilities or for our
 our TSOs to reduce the risk overall of the project splitting it into pieces.
 I don't know if I answered your question.
 If you have any further?
 Yes.
 Expectation.
 Okay, thank you.
 Can't you make it?
 Last question on telecom.
 Yes.
 The third question we went to make it from the last to the first.
 I did the floor for the telatonic to my friend Philip here around the table to give you the
 was about the pricing and the environment in the government.
 Okay. Good evening, Renato.
 First, on the volume, the telecom market is back up.
 backup. It's going after two years of recession and it's going very strongly in the U.S.
 It's now also very strongly in China, at the other China mobile center of showing and
 growth of 20% year on year.
 It's also growing in the other regions to a lesser extent.
 to be open to different countries.
 And the rest of the world is also great.
 So there is a global trend for the volumes to be up.
 As far as prices are concerned, you
 has seen more so that the China mobile kind of ended up
 with more than one dollar increase in price, which was expected because the previous prices
 definitely to go for the industry.
 I think this will drive the prices globally to be on an upward straight.
 we always see that in many places.
 So both currents, volume and quality are high.
 both globally with different speeds depending on where we are.
 All right.
 I don't know if that can still be your question.
 Last but not least, you have to consider that the anti-dumping procedure in the next course
 So I believe that it would be possible to discuss.
 The deadline for the European Commission to announce the antidote measure is the 24th of November.
 So it's going to come in the next few hours.
 Thanks.
 We will see what's going to be our coming.
 Okay, thank you. Thank you very much
 You know what?
 Warm up.
 Okay, our next question comes from Linus Max,
 Year 8 from Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Thank you.
 Just my first question was around the evolution of the projects business in the fourth quarter.
 So I think when I look back at this business, the kind of good quarters of revenue are typically
 around sort of 450, 460 million of revenues.
 So is that a sort of good indication for where this business could get to in Q4?
 Thank you.
 Bye.
 That's right.
 I think so.
 400 million, maybe a good multiple, maybe even a little bit more.
 Okay, and I mean similarly then on the margins, you talked about an improvement in the margins
 and that being a good indication of where we might be for next year.
 So, I know you've kind of historically talked about wanting to see this business get back
 to 15% margins. Maybe that's a little bit aggressive for Q4, but do you think sort of
 Again, good utilization.
 this division has done sort of 14% in recent years, is that a sensible assumption?
 Let me give you a different layer preview.
 Our forces for the last force to be telling us that the year-end margin is going to be over 15.
 The year-end margin of energy projects is going to be above 30.
 Then, of course, I don't have a diary, but it would be quite easy.
 Yeah, because you're at 11, you're 11.6 year-to-date, so that would be...
 The experience will have a cooler to the sense of margin in one quarter.
 That's the work.
 then I like the answer.
 If I can say one thing, let's always keep in mind that in project business what is very
 right on the easy full year margin because if you take, if you go back many years, you
 always find a very significant difference in margin between the first part of the year
 and the second part of it, so I wouldn't take these 16 states, the Q4, the compound calculation
 I wouldn't use these for 2,000 to do it.
 I think we should use the 13, 14% cost with the growth of the business.
 We have operating leverage and not certainly the Q4 use the 4-way following the 4-year.
 Sure, I'm understood, and I guess is it right to think the reason that you might get to
 16% is because you're closing on projects and those sometimes have some provision releases
 in, which is why that margin can be so strong, just so we understand it a bit better.
 Is that correct?
 Yeah, you did correct.
 Yeah, okay, and that's helpful. So my next question is just on this sort of 400 to 500 million
 sort of project a bit down number that you've talked about and I mean we get
 asked about it, asked about it quite a lot. So the thing I'd like to understand is we're
 We're talking about EBITDA, kind of in energy projects, nearly doubling, so adding about
 200 million.
 And if we think about kind of what that means in terms of revenues, we'd need to add assuming
 it's a 15% margin sort of somewhere north of a billion of revenues in order to achieve
 that.
 So, I guess what I'm trying to understand, when I look at your capex and you're spending
 $200 million on a U.S. facility, but I'm struggling to see where the capex in the current assumptions
 is to get that kind of revenue growth.
 So, in less, kind of in the next couple of years,
 we're gonna see a real step-up in capex
 on top of what you've just announced.
 Can you help me understand?
 how spending sort of 200 to 300 million on a new plan is going to get you a billion more
 of revenues or where with your current capacity set up that kind of step up in revenues is
 achievable from.
 Okay, let me give an answer in a different way.
 in terms of installation capability and capacity
 we are going to be there.
 We need some additional graphics, I foresee, and honestly speaking, we only have a thousand
 by an additional complex in Finland to be executed this year.
 We have already utilized and is ongoing the CAPEX for a precedent phase in artificial
 We are missing the steering wheel.
 You are not.
 So, and we have already authorized it
 of the U.S. of the expansion from this way.
 So, at least in the medium term, we should be not so far from the required capacity
 very, very quickly.
 with the investment that I already told you.
 Okay, so sorry.
 reported in page 11 is a really reasonable level, then maybe there's some other opportunity
 will come and then we are going to follow the tradition.
 Oh, okay.
 So that's...
 That's clear, just so I really understand that.
 So you can potentially do an energy project
 about 3 billion of revenues based on the capex that you have laid out in slide 11, just
 to make that crystal clear.
 Yeah.
 understood. And maybe just one, just the final one for Philippe. So, I mean, I sort of appreciate
 the sort of comments on the volumes getting better, the pricing sort of maybe having reached
 the bottom. So should we also translate that to your sort of telecom margins, also having
 bottomed, because I know there's been this effect where your contracts get renegotiated.
 that can have a delayed impact on margin. So I'd love to understand whether based on
 the pricing and volumes we feel like margins have reached a bottom this year or whether
 there is still that delayed effect that may need to come through in 2022.
 Yes, Hamak. Certainly, in the course of three, we have in the full effect of the new contract.
 We now have the full effect of prices, of the price reduction, you know, what you call the
 books.
 The second thing that we have is, of course, the impact of the increase of materials and
 transportation, and of course, as you know, we are permanently working on our course in general.
 So, I would say you should take the course of free ISMAP, the UR, UR at the level that
 is to be, unless we have surprises on the raw material crisis, should be unsustainable.
 We end up having big changes in the mix of geography and physics.
 I'm sorry to add a consideration, but my opinion is quite important.
 If you look at the inflation on the transportation cost, that is very helpful to us, because
 our industrial presence all over the market, we are the Indians, for instance, of the country.
 We'll have a much higher problem, or much higher cost, to every point.
 to the other marathons, we don't.
 And that is healthy.
 We are seeing the issues in the UK market.
 where the tank fish were a significant exporter
 of energy equals.
 And today, they are suffering a lot.
 with availability of morale, the cost of complaints.
 So, the transportation cost increase is not totally negative to us, it's a very variable
 effect.
 Yes.
 for us, but we are, I think, at least I can go for my business. I think we are the most
 of the global players.
 Okay.
 And it helps in the medium where I want this, that's where I'm extremely keen to see it.
 Okay, Valery, could I just check, because I struggled to hear during the presentation.
 You didn't make it did you or did you not make a comment on 2022 margins in telecom?
 Did I hear a comment on 2022 March on the telecom or did you not make it?
 I did not.
 You did not, are you?
 You did not. Okay, perfect. Thank you very much, you'll I
 I don't like this himself right now about the margins of the next year.
 understood. Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Our next question comes from a line of Sean McLaughlin from HSBC.
 Please go ahead and get your question.
 Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. The first is coming back to slide 11.
 Could you just talk a little bit more about what you mean by climate change and digital
 in terms of capex allocation, how should we think about this? How are you enhancing your product and
 And, you know, how can we think about, you know, profitability, new products in climate
 to change the digital.
 I leave the floor for it to go massive over time.
 I will still provoke, because what I mean, I start the answer.
 then I leave the thought to Martin for more detail.
 How many times do you eat?
 In order to catch with our shared-base targets commit,
 We have what you call a mission.
 And to do that, we need some templates.
 For instance, the regaining of all our effectiveness
 I'm ready.
 But there are other characteristics, other not significant characteristics.
 but the other force that we have to do.
 to fall off on the back of the grill.
 There is someone that has the task to open.
 And consequently, we needed to foresee some investment, some medium-sized capital in order
 to reduce our CO2 emissions in the next five years.
 That's the reason for the climate change in digital graphics.
 So climate change, the digital is a something much more stable than foreseeable.
 Massimo, do you want it to be more totally?
 Not yet.
 Simply the language improvement shown, the net zero by 2035, we have allowed some 100 million
 So attending has to be deployed in our practice to make this training solid and achievable.
 And this is what these climate change is about.
 We also are working on removing some SF6 gas, which are very contaminating in our footprint
 to the ones that you use us and have a content score.
 about the necessary table testing.
 And this is regarding some additional topics.
 And so this is a challenge of the problem for this campus
 for the climate change.
 So it's going to be a key factor.
 Why not change? We take very seriously.
 If we tell something and we are going, that's our style.
 understood and how should I think then about the digital part of that because surely that is going into new
 you, uh, product areas.
 You know, the digital is a quite important chunk of investment, and we, every year, are
 are implemented in order to improve our digital slush,
 and because the high heat system that includes the genetic
 So this is now we are implementing the new SAP S4, the entire perimeter, right now we
 we are doing here in New York, North America,
 And it's quite expensive.
 Did I answer your question?
 Yes, that's very clear. Thank you. And if I may just one follow-up, just to be clear, on the projects.
 We know about the U.S. facility.
 I'm just thinking about the split between submarine and high
 voltage I guess that shape is obviously a summary specific but I can I assume
 those complete overlap in new capacity in the projects for both submarine and underground
 and have voltage.
 Of course, I'm not sure to have understood very well your question, but being Catholic,
 we are referring to are the local topics, including the HV land and the satellite.
 Yes.
 But, of course, from the other, they share the incidents of the high-voltage carpet landing
 and once it's cut, it's out for the talk,
 the energy part is lower than summer.
 Most, the chunk of the scattered would be deployed in the summary capacity, more in the
 In the ring of poverty, 30 to 70 percent have to be in land, and 70 percent have to be in
 7% in the summer, especially in light of the U.S. in your, in your plants in the summer
 That is here to consider that the CAPEX requirements for German corridors are almost already done.
 The carpets for so green are under execution, are partly in the numbers, surely in the numbers of 2022.
 What we need today is part of the complex effort, so.
 some other big land projects we can.
 Okay, thank you
 You're welcome.
 And our next question comes in the line of Pratavich Seygunkar from Godman's Characters.
 Go ahead, read your question.
 Hi, good evening. Thank you for taking my question. I am Patrick. I work with Daniel ideas. I had to quit questions
 My first one was like you seem to be winning a lot of projects in the US without having the US submarine plan
 I was just wondering that do you still need a US plant or is it possible to just produce
 all the cable that you need for U.S. from your European facilities and I can ask the
 Yes, it's possible. It's possible that the consultation will be expensive. And, you know,
 You know, we're at the no-pride counter in the town hall,
 they're appreciated by the customers in New York.
 Resume wise, having no additional capacity or a regular capacity for various markets in Europe,
 being the quality of the market expected to start and go,
 we have decided to move into the market.
 Let me remember you that we have been the first to kill the HV20 US, followed by our
 Now, we are not the first, sorry, in the summer in HLE, we wanted to be the second and not
 more than this.
 He's also a way to balance our capacity, that's what we demand though.
 We will have a situation in which we produce from Europe and deliver to the U.S.
 even if we're not part of the U.S. and also that we're around, because it would be difficult
 They got a cheap, poor sector ratio, or that's it.
 the only sitting one geographical area in this Europe.
 So the second plant in the United States
 without having to wait full length across the worker
 and respond promptly to the market month.
 Thanks for that. And my second question was around telecom. I don't know if you have already answered this, but the telecom PPI data seems to have moved up.
 But your commentary on pricing was still challenging.
 So how much time do you think it will take for the telecom pricing to reflect the PPI data?
 I'm not interested in that, so please back them up.
 We're talking about the alignment at each of these bars.
 Now, I have a question, you could vote.
 How much it would take to go back to pre-sandemic margin in Mechanica?
 in all the world.
 It's, I would say, which print, which print I'm going to show you.
 The combination of telecom and reality is not the main event.
 The main event was the slowdown of the Chinese market in February 19th, which was one year
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 And since then, the price went down by something like 30%.
 very suddenly and they stay down and even went down further for a while.
 we are
 We are going to be back to these levels. I hope one day, but I don't see it yet.
 What I see is something like half the gap being fulfilled in the coming 12 months, something
 But, you know, you have to take that really as a good seed.
 The best feeling of someone knowing the market
 and I'm feeling to all of it.
 It's not scientific at all.
 The volatility of the technical market is unfortunately pretty high,
 Consequently, now we are only what's going to happen in the next thirty-four months with difficulty breathing.
 The trends are on the wrong side.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 And our next question comes from the line of George Fettestones from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Hi, yeah, good afternoon everyone and thanks for taking my question
 I'm listening to some of the commentary across the wind energy sector recently.
 the industry has clearly struggled with logistics and raw materials cost inflation.
 I just wondered if you've seen any changes to pricing dynamics or contract structure
 and conversations with customers within your wind and offshore wind exposure.
 Thanks.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Energy business is a pretty steady business in terms of volumes of lightly grown, let's
 space, current teaching, growing the way the current teaching is.
 Now, the raw materials increase, and the transportation increase, we have been able to transfer to our traditions.
 insulation material cost increases, something remaining in your pocket, especially if you
 are able to negotiate properly.
 Now
 Sorry.
 So, the growth of raw materials in our business is positive if the demand is good because
 and we can pass it to the market, to the customers.
 If this man is not gluten, that's another proof.
 It's a very big problem.
 But usually it doesn't happen.
 in the last 20 years, the time in this business,
 I've never seen.
 So in the offshore, as we were asking for,
 the Australian in the projects.
 In the projects, the metals is fixed in an envelope.
 Once we get the order, we fix the microns for the entire quantity of the code.
 We cannot fix my finger, but the data is on the editor.
 That is the base material for the compound.
 And then we may suffer as the merchants, but it's not a number that is going to keep us.
 So... the...
 The material cost increase is usually passing through the castings.
 For the project, of course, the timeline to execute the project and to realize the cable is longer
 than the move of the premier price.
 And the contrast did not proceed very well.
 time and adjustment of the price due to the material fluctuation.
 It's not for the customer, I mean.
 And sometimes, but it's not going to damage significantly the margin of the process.
 I don't know if she wanted to ask something about the project marketing plan.
 Yes, Valerio, you explained very well the project part.
 I can only add that
 It is very project specific to adjust sometimes also raw materials other than methods if the
 customer is an agreement that we can escalate, you know, with an escalation formula, the
 the price according to the indexes of other raw materials.
 we are taking that into consideration.
 In case we are not in agreement and the customer wants to keep a fixed price in the projects
 other than the metals, then we include some inflation into our project that covers partially
 you know, the, or let me say the normal increases in the market regarding the raw materials.
 And of course, if there are short-term significant fluctuations, they are not covered by the,
 let's say, by these adjustments.
 However, we do not see such a situation lately,
 especially when we sign the contract after the raw material price increases that has
 happened.
 already including all the updated raw materials and also expected increases going forward.
 So as Valerio said, we from time to time are affected,
 but it is not changing the profitability
 of the project significantly.
 Okay, thank you very much for the color on that, thanks.
 Okay, is there any other questions?
 We appear to have just one question that has been registered, sir.
 Would you like to take it?
 Yeah, of course.
 Yeah, it comes from the line of Lee Adjadev and Elisa.
 Please go ahead with your question
 and announce your company's name.
 I'll be back soon. Can you hear me?
 Visit the base from Iquita.
 Visit the base.
 Just one, just one question on the energy, can you and I pray, I can't, sorry for the
 line but he's very disturbed.
 Can you elaborate on the speed of organic growth and volume for the coming quarters for the energy infrastructure and industrial division based on your visibility and backlog? Thank you.
 be able to grow in the project building.
 I have to be very honest with you.
 I rarely have seen any division, especially P&I, going up sharply.
 our forecast, I tell you the truth, is to be able to tell you the volume of energy.
 That's it.
 would be your own success.
 after the very big increase we have seen in the last few years.
 Maximum do you want to...
 That, yes.
 Volume will remain conservative, but we are very positive about what we can see in terms
 surpassing cost inflation to the market in that way.
 So you will see an organic growth, not related to volume,
 a moral is to practice them and then anything like that.
 So this is the standard that we perceive.
 last thing I'm going to say for the first six months of next year and beyond that,
 to be the manager.
 it's about the content that we do, that we do next year.
 the same kind of job that we did this year.
 Thank you very much.
 So, thank you very much for all of you.
 It has been a pleasure to have this conference call with you, and goodbye to the next one.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 You may now disconnect your lines.
 Thank you very much.