 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Prismian Group, 9-month 2021 financial results call. At this time, our participants are in listen-only mode until we conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Just to remind you all, this call is being recorded. I would now like to hand over to the chairperson, Mr. Valerio Batista, CEO of Prismian Group. Please go ahead. Thank you very much, and good afternoon to all the audience. Welcome to the 9-month 2021 report of Prismian Group. Okay, let's go immediately to the page number three, the key highlights of the first time. The performance has been good with a solid organic growth of 15.2%. The margin has kept, at the end of the story, really well. That is the 9% of 2020, but if we consider the market price that has been inflated, has been inflated our supply, the real margins could have been at 8.6%. So, not such a record backlog. Record backlog and order intake in the process. We have a 4 billion euro order backlog. Let me remember that the path of it is coming from the U.S. market that has taken off. We've got three important projects in the U.S. market. We've got three hundred million dollars. We've got three hundred million dollars. That is the biggest single HV project in the U.S. The Dominion Energy, which was just one week ago, is a value of 630 million euros. That is the largest project ever awarded in the U.S., of the submarine. Last, but not to be, finally, the winner of Schott-WinFarm got the notice to go see, and all the related authorizations by the government. So we are going to start the execution. Let's go to page four, sales. Sales reached at $9,300,000 with an algorithm of 11.4%. The related EBITDA has been $325,000,000 with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 7.8%. You have to consider the effect of the metal price in that percentage. But those counts are the US, are not the percentages. The sole, not extremely positive note is about the leakage flow because of the weight of the working practical due to a very high level of cost of raw materials. So, going back to the organic flow. Organic flow, very good, especially in E&I and P&I. The industrial network component business was very well. And the telecom, too. The telecom miles posted about 13.5% of organic flow. From the adjusted EBITDA point of view, we can say that the nine months adjusted EBITDA is at the same rate of 2019, if we see the product's effect. And the energy business adjusted EBITDA is better than the COVID-19 level, but yet a little bit down. Not sufficient. We expect, in the last quarter, to see a strong ramp-up of the energy project, thanks to the overall window in the last quarter. Freakage flow. Freakage flow, we are seeing that the problem of freakage flow has been heated by the strong increase of raw materials. And, of course, we're going to be operating working caps and that could be quite a lot. We are working on it. Let's move to page five. Page five, the ordering team. We have 2.3 billion euros awarded here today the first nine months. We have two big projects in the US. Dominion and Sovereign. And the other various projects. The Sophia, first of all, the offshore wind farms in the UK. The gold wind. The Turkish crossing. The Saudi Egypt. The blue sand of Sherwood Farabagan. And the EBITDA. So, a number of days of the Olympic to which we are still missing the key of the project. That is, at least for this year, the Iranian lake, expected to come in the last quarter. Let's flip to page six. So, six. Yes, six. Let's compare, quickly, the organic phase above organic level. Oh, internal bones and the intervention. North America. And try to compare the volume, the period of the six of the first nine months, 2021, with 2019. Because the reference we have to ask is not anymore 2020. Because 2020 there is a fact, largely by the time. As you can see, North America, we have a plus 1% organic growth compared to 2019. In India, plus a modest plus 0.4%. Even if, obviously, in comparison with 20 is much higher, it's 11%. But in America, North America posted a plus 14.2% compared to 2019. And a plus 52% compared to 2020. Obviously, North America is not a giant market. It is a pretty good market. That is growing and we are able to develop pretty well. The sole negative comparison compared to 2019 is Asia Bank. Why? Not so much because of China, but much more because of Asia. In ASEAN, some of the customers have closed the orders. And the difference for the minus 2.5% you see in the chart compared to 2019. 2020, obviously, is a musical collision and is a plus 11.3%. My business ENI is the first driver of the road. 3.3% compared to 2019 and 12.3% compared to 2019. My opinion is that this energy is, let's say, because the same is for, or similarly is for industrial, is the metal, the gold metal of resiliency in terms of performance, even in a difficult condition. In terms of performance, compared, whereas compared to 2020, it has posted a positive of the end growth of the 3.4% versus 2019. The performance is negative, especially in the first half of the year. You may remember that in 2019, the volumes were extremely high until the peak in December 2019. Then the market collapsed, and the first nine months, we are suffering from it. Moving quickly to slide number seven, the performance in energy intelligence. Having the projects on the left side, that is not yet at the bottom speed, I have to say that the project has posted an organic growth, that is 1.3%. But in the third quarter, posted at 11.1%. And that's the picture or anticipation of the results that we expect to come in the last quarter. So, at the end, the EBITDA, that is what comes, is very similar to the nine months, 2020. But the last quarter will be the real indicator for next year. EMI. EMI, the sales view, 4.3%, in the last quarter, 16.8%. And the results of the EBITDA of the division went up from 134 to 168. with a very good ramp-up, and a pretty good margin, 5.7%, that with the metal of 2020 has to be treated 7%. So, the margins are really growing in energy. So, the industrial component moved from 130 to, sorry, posted around 9.2% organic growth, and in the last quarter, 8.9%. So, it is stabilizing with a pretty good organic growth around about 9%, and a pretty good EBITDA market. Moving from 130 to 150 million in the first nine months, 2021. Finally, Telecom. Telecom has posted an organic growth nine months of 15.5%, with a last quarter of 9.7%. rising the sales from 1.047 to 1.204 million euro sales, with a EBITDA that moved from 162 to 178, and the margin that went up, if you consider the stable, from 15.5% to 14.8%. The 14.8% in reality, if we use the metals then, because there is a lot of MMS multimedia solution, or the stable that has inside the cutter, can be rated as 15.4%. The volume has been good, in the U.S. expression, and the contribution of what you see has been almost stable. You can see 11 million versus 12 million, with a 9.920.5%. So, overall, sales went up from 7.5 billion, roughly, to 9.3 billion, with a growth of 10%, but in the last quarter, the acceleration is clearly there, with a 12.9% organic growth. The result, too, was moved from 647 to 725 million euros, after 19 million of Forex negative effects. Let's flip to page 8. Let's have a look of what the last two years accumulated. The reference here, as I was saying before, has to be considered in 2019, when we reached 1 billion and 7 million in debt. Today, we have to consider that there is a certain Forex effect, that is roughly 50 million, just to simplify. And other than that, there is a very strong increase of raw material cost and distribution cost increase. These negative effects have been partially compensated, modestly compensated by the volume, but very much by the prices. That's the demonstration that, especially energy, is able to transfer the cost increase to the customers, because there is no way, or the players are going to transfer it quickly, or are going to lose nothing. The volume in the telecom segment has been a little bit negative, and the price mix in telecom has been pretty tough. You know, because obviously, in comparative 19, the price went down, and the volume went down, and the price too. The project has been still suffering a little bit, but we are sure that the last quarter, the result of the project, will recover completely the gap, will close completely the gap. Finally, the efficiencies and the fixed costs have helped us to reach the guidance, and probably in the upper side of it. Let's flip to page 9, by region. By region, we can say that space-wise, EMEA went reasonably well. Let me say that North America has suffered more than EMEA, and that's the value of the geographical differentiation. You remember that last year, we were commenting the very harsh ramp-up of North America. Today, we are here telling that vice versa is EMEA to drive the game, in terms of absolute value. And Latin America, too. And Latin America, too. You can see that Latin America grew 32% in terms of sales. With a, I mean, a big gap that grew from 41 to 73 million. So, Latin America gave us an outstanding performance, whereas North America suffered a little bit of the decline of the very strong power distribution business we have seen last year. Last but not least, Asia Park, which probably becomes, for not very big amount, 54 million, with an organic growth of 11.3% compared with the first nine months of 2020. The results, anyway, are pretty solid, and the COVID-19 is now over. At the end, our total group grew 11.4% in terms of organic growth, with a very significant improvement from 647 to 75 million euros EBITDA, where the projects are still late in recovery, but I guarantee you that the last quarter will be significantly better, and the business in the regions, vice versa, went very well. Let's move to, sorry, to page nine, to page seven, the guidance. The guidance is confirmed. 920, 970, I can tell you that we will be not so far from the max of the guidance. That's not the same comment for the free cash flow. Why? Because, whereas the guidance for free cash flow was 300 plus or minus 60 million, the max of the guidance will not be easy to be reached. Why? In the past, or in the first nine months, we suffered a lot, the increase of raw materials and energy that, obviously, are going to absorb cash to us. The reason why our today's guidance is more in the middle of the range than in the upper side. Last but not least, page 11. On the page 11, you can see the trend of the last five years. In 17, 940 million. In 18, 932. In 19, 1,07. 2020, 840 because of COVID. And this year of, let's say, something like 960 or around about 960. Now, what happened? That the energy business is the blue line, enjoying the acquisition of the general stable, rising the light blue line, rising the results. And for the next year, medium term, I mean five years, we expect, as in the past, to be more old stable. The other two key businesses, telecom and process, are expected by CERN to grow. Why? Because, whereas telecom, after the peak of 18 and 19, went down in 2020 because of the price, the 2021 has started to recover. And despite the very high volatility of this business, we believe that there are no reasons to expect another worsen of telecom business in terms of EBITDA, the projects are really in the ramp to pick off. Why? Why? Because after three years of a difficult market, finally, we are, we have an outstanding order book. The problem is on, or maybe only the execution, but we are totally focused on the execution risks. And we are quite sure that the projects will run back in terms of performance, starting from the last quarter this year. Let's have a look on the lower side of the chart about the coherence between the performance of the business and the budget, the budget, the capex allocation we made. You can see that. You can see that in the, I always said that our capex were around about 250 minutes after the acquisition of the generation. And that has been the history. You can see very clearly the very big increase of telecom capex in the years 17, 18, 19. The green chunk of the, of the coin. Starting from the second half 19, we dropped the telecom capex because of the crisis we have seen in the, in the smart. And we started to grow the, eh, capex, the green, dark green, eh, capex that are the ones that are related to projects. Now, what about the future? We see a slight increase, a slight further increase for the next three years of the capex. Why? Because we have to pull our power to follow the project, the project development. And you see that the dark green chunk of the crones, of the capex, are going to be the largest part of the capex itself. Actually, for three years. In this capex, are in, is included the new submarine plant. As well as, in the capex of the last three years, 20, 20, and 21, we included, we have been able to include also the new ship, the Nargo Damichi. That is, uh, completed and, uh, already working. Working with, uh, very good performance. The, the, the cable ship, the cable land ship has been able to, uh, to lay all the biking, the first chunk of biking, with very good results. So, we are very happy with the investment in this. The next big investment is going to be the new plant in the US. Thank you very much. I leave the floor to Francesco. Before, uh, to, uh, to, uh, to give you a new session. Thank you, Valerio. And, uh, good evening to everybody. As usual, I start from the, uh, controlling, uh, profit and loss. Posting sales, uh, of about 9.3 billion euros affected by a pretty huge, uh, effect, uh, coming from the metal crisis worth, uh, more or less 1.3 billion for the nine months. As Valerio explained, uh, organic growth was extremely positive compared to 2020. Here, by the way, you see organic growth, including also the projects, which is year-to-date, uh, 10 percent better than the half-year organic growth of, uh, 8.5 percent. So, improving, uh, in the third quarter. And even more importantly, I would say, uh, as Valerio explained, uh, uh, the, uh, level of organic growth of organic sales is above the pre-pandemic, uh, uh, level of, uh, 2019, uh, uh, in the energy business, uh, uh, for approximately 3 percent, 3 percent above. And even not too far from the pre-pandemic 2019 for the telecom business. So, these are extremely positive, uh, uh, signals and, uh, indications. Uh, adjusted EBITDA. Uh, Zarian, uh, 325 million, uh, uh, a very good margin. Uh, 7.8 percent, um, which however is stated to account for the, uh, copper price increase, uh, uh, 15 percent. of 9% up from the 8.6% of the previous year. So a quite strong margin increase in particular in the energy business and in particular in the ENI business. The third quarter was pretty strong, 255 million at the same level more or less of the second quarter. Excluding the more or less 50 million, 46 million forex effects accumulated over the last two years, this level of EBDA is totally comparable with the 2019 EBDA, the pre-pandemic level. Once again, in my opinion, in our opinion, a very good indication. And for all these reasons, as Valerio mentioned, we are quite confident to close the year in the very high part of our EBDA guidance for very close to 970. So you see on the box top right, the comparison quarter by quarter of the EBDA with the prior year, with the previous year, broken down by business. So projects, energy, telecom excluding share of net income and share of net income. Let me just make one remark. It's pretty evident how the very strong Q2 and Q3 is supported by the very significant and positive progression of the energy business. You see that the deviation, the positive deviation compared to the previous year is growing quarter after quarter after quarter, from 13 million in Q1 to 20 million in Q2, 35 million in Q3. Even helped by the easing of the Forex effect. The Forex effect is 19 million year-to-date for the first nine months. And you see that was particularly negative in the first quarter, relatively negative in the second quarter, and even slightly positive in the third quarter. This, of course, will also support the full year EBDA and the full year closing. Adjustments below the adjusted EBDA line, meaning mainly restructuring costs are decreasing, down to 25 million as totally as expected after the South European footprint of 2019 and 2020. The special items, which are usually non-monetary items, not affecting the cash, are also very low. Last year they suffered from a pretty sizable impairment in South Europe. This year we are not having this negative effect and this is, of course, in the end driving up our net income. Good news also from financial costs, from financial charges. You see 10 million down compared to last year, even if I have to say that real net interest expenses are quite stable, whereas this positive effect is mainly coming from a one-off effect related to the issuance of new convertible bond back in late January, beginning of February. Tax rate is also decreasing down to 32%, despite some negative one-off. One for all, for instance, the tax rate increase in UK. But despite this, we had a nice 4 percentage points tax rate decrease. And in a summary, all this is boosting our group net income up to 255, which is almost doubled compared to the previous year. Let me now go to the following slide, the balance sheet. Let me start from the stability, obviously disappointing, of the net financial position, of the net financial debt, at 2,663 million, substantially stable, from September 2020. Also in this case, Valerio anticipated the reasons for this very clearly. And the substantial reason is a major impact coming from raw material prices, from a huge increase of raw material prices. Just to mention to you a couple of numbers, over the last 12 months, so September to September, we are counting a negative cash impact and working capital impact from metal prices for approximately 320 million, 320 million euros. And it's much more difficult to estimate the non-metal raw material prices increase. It's much more difficult to estimate. I would estimate this at least 80 million. So all in all, we can count a 400 million impact on our balance sheet and operating working capital coming from raw material prices. Of course, we have tried our best to compensate this. It was not that easy, I have to admit. We benefited from a pretty good reduction of working capital from Powerlink, pretty strong cash flow from Powerlink, over the last 12 months. Of course, we suffered on the other end from a necessary restocking or stock rebuild also to follow the good volume trend. And to follow, in principle, the market recovery, the good volume trend. And I think we achieved a very good reduction of working capital both on the front of the receivable and the front of the payables. And this allowed us to partially compensate the raw material prices effect. Let me finally go to the cash flow following page. Here we have the usual bridge of the debt, showing the debt stability from September to September. You see here highlighted a 12-month pre-cash flow of $202 million. This recompiled with the $282 million, taking into consideration the $80 million anti-trust cash settlements that we had over the last 12 months. And the $282 million is the number which is consistent and coherent with our year-end guidance at $300 million plus or minus 20%. So this means that overall we anticipated fourth quarter in terms of cash flow pretty much in line with the previous year, maybe slightly better allowing us to grow the $282 million at least at the point of the guidance to the $300 million. I think I'm over with my part of the presentation. We can go ahead with the Q&A session. Thank you very much. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. If you have a question at this time, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. To cancel your question, you can press the hash or pound key. Once again, that's star 1 on your telephone keypad to ask a question and the hash or pound key to cancel. We have a question coming from the line of Lucie Carrière from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. First, I need to apologize if maybe I ask something that you've already mentioned, but my line is very poor this afternoon, so I couldn't follow everything with a lot of details. But my first question was around the free cash flow performance after nine months and how do we bridge that to your guidance of $300 million for the full year? Because it would imply a quite significant kind of reversal maybe of working capital or a lot of down payment coming through. So can you help us understand how do we bridge the free cash flow at nine months, which I think is a heavy negative, to the $300 million positive for this year? Sure. I will see Francesco speaking. The drop of the working capital and the huge cash flow generation in the fourth quarter is pretty normal. It's related with two factors mainly, with the seasonality, factor number one, and with the normal with order intake and also milestone delivery in the project business, which are very cash-generative in the last part of the year, mainly in the fourth quarter. If you allow, I prefer maybe to start to at least take out of the picture one of this factor of the seasonality, which will start from the last 12 months free cash flow in September, which is the well-known 282, and bridge these, say, with the 300 that we target. It's not a big change. We will certainly benefit of an improvement of EBTA compared to last year, coherently with our guidance. We may also benefit of the metal price, of some metal price effects, because the copper price flattened in the last period, even decreased a little bit. So in the fourth quarter we may benefit a bit, whereas in the fourth quarter last year, you remember that the start of the metal price increases. So the two trends are quite opposite, should be quite opposite. Of course, we are assuming a stability now of the metal price. There has been an effect, that is a traditional effect with when materials become scarce, that everyone is running behind traditional materials. And that has been our mistake, the mistake of our team in separate regions. This is why we gave a very strict control on the orders of raw material, because when something becomes scarce, you remember, you may remember the fibers in 2019, the first six months of 2019, you are surely perceiving the race behind the raw material in the first nine months, first six months, especially, of this year. And that has been the fact that touched even now. The reason why the raw material is going up in terms of price so much, and the scarcity of raw material perceived by some of the markets, we made the mistake to run for higher volumes in our stock. That is going to be compensated because we are acting pretty strongly in our supply chain. And as a matter of fact, I would believe this thing will mean some recovering working capital, specifically in stock, in the fourth quarter. So this will be a positive effect. Whereas, we will have certainly a higher level of capex. The 248 million of last 12 months capex will grow to 290, 300 million. And this will be on the negative side. Like also the fact that last year was a particularly strong cash flow of the project business in the fourth quarter. This year is much more distributed. As I said, we had a very good dynamic of cash flow from projects in the first nine months, in the last 12 months. And compared to last year, I think we will have a less positive contribution, still positive, but less positive contribution from projects in the fourth quarter. But all in all, all these sectors are substantially compensating each other to deliver a full-year free cash flow in the region of 300 million compared to the 282 million last 12 months, September. So the bridge in principle is not very material. You have a lot, Lucy, of compensating effects, plus and minuses, but the reality is that our full-year free cash flow should remain pretty stable from this last 12 months of September. I don't know if I was clear, Lucy. Yes, thank you very much. Thank you for all the color. My second question was around the order pipeline. And I was just kind of wondering how do you think about the awarding in the next few quarters in terms of large contracts and whether you see yourselves keeping your share because, effectively, you've had a very strong momentum in order already year-to-date. You know, it was quite clear from your slide. And if you think about 2022 in terms of execution, you have a backlog of $4 billion. If I also add some of the U.S. projects and the Middle East project, which is not yet apparently in the backlog, it's nearly $6 billion. How much of that backlog do you expect to materialize in 2022? And you mentioned in the past, you know, capacity utilization of different technology, XLPE and MI. How should we think about that into next year, considering that enormous backlog you have? You are trying, as usual, to anticipate next year. But what I can tell you is that the order is here. And we expect in the last quarter, that will help probably also the cash flow with the advance payment. We expect to materialize some more order of which the biggest one of the history that is going to be defined, which is going to be our share of this project. I can now participate to you because we are under the silent period. But I am quite confident. For next year, obviously, that's a trend that we are reasonably confident to be able to catch. So, next year, projects will hopefully confirm the trend of the last two quarters and will grow significantly. Thank you. Do you have another question? Yes, I mean, I guess, you know, I was maybe hoping a slightly more precise kind of conversion rate of the backlog, if you had in mind. But maybe it's a bit too early to ask. I know we are only in November. That's the way to when we are going to give the guidance for Tropic Steel. Okay. And then maybe last question on the CAPEX you are mentioning, the step-up. You had already mentioned that before. But just as a matter of update for the submarine project or the submarine plant in the US, what is the current situation? Do you have a site? Do you have a timeline that you can maybe share with us? And also, how much capacity do you expect to add to the market or maybe versus your current capacity? I mean, you have about 40% market share in the market. So, is there anything you can share on that at this stage? The answer is yes. We have pretty clear what we have to do. The site is identified but not yet secured. Consequently, in the next week, we have to be able to secure the property of the site in order to start the construction beginning of next year. That's the result. The total value of the investment will be at about 200 million euros in the next week. Thank you. Your welcome. Our next question comes from the line of Monica Bossio from Intesa Sao Paolo. Please go ahead with your question. Good evening, everyone. And first of all, I apologize because also my line is quite disturbed. The first question is on the Terranian link. Should we expect some new flow by year-end? And in this case, in case of a potential award of a large part of the link, is it the Terranian link already included in your CAPEX guidance? Or the Terranian would require additional CAPEX on top of the one that you have already announced? Thank you. And my second question is for Francesco. I know it's premature, but considering the performance of the energy projects for the next year, and on the other side, the still challenging cost scenario, would you view as feasible an improvement of the free cash flow year-on-year up to 400 million euros? Or would it be more prudent to be below this level? Thank you very much. Okay, Monica. I want to try to give you an answer on the Terranian. As I said, we cannot, as of now, clarify completely the position on the Terranian. We are confident to be able to catch at least a significant chunk of it. We are confident that the CAPEX related to the execution of the Terranian are not in. Why? Because they are not foreseen. The capacity we have to manage the Terranian and, confidently, there will not be an additional CAPEX to manage the Terranian. No additional CAPEX for Terranian. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Monica, regarding the free cash flow question, if I understood well, obviously it refers to 2022. Yeah. Well, in principle, if we think how much the raw material prices affected the cash flow this year, I think it shouldn't be possible, it should be feasible, the level that you mentioned at 400. Of course, as usual, we have a target to improve our results. That's the first component. Then, of course, we shouldn't suffer from this major raw material price increase. Of course, on the other side, we will have the kicking of the higher level CAPEX that Valerio has mentioned. But all these, in all these, the most material component is definitely the raw material prices increase. And if this will not further penalize next year, I think the level you mentioned should be . So, let's take some more time to give a more precise indication on the full picture of the guidance, profit and loss, and cash flow, when we will publish our year-end results. Okay. Got it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Nice to see you. Next question comes from the line of Akash Gupta from JT Morgan. Please go ahead. Thank you. Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, Valerio and Francesco, and thanks for your time. I have three questions as well, and I'll ask one at a time. My first question is on slide 11, and first of all, thank you for giving some medium-term picture on EBITDA. But looking at this slide, and if I look at the dots for projects business, it looks like you are indicating substantial increase in projects EBITDA in the medium-term, which could be above 500 million euros if I just measure these bar right. And can you confirm that, and can you say, when you say medium-term, is it 2025 or is it 2026 that we should read here? Yeah, okay. Akash, good afternoon. You are asking me something that is too much precise. I already gave the indication that we expect for projects, and I can confirm, the ramp-up of the sales, the project rates, and the margins going to reach within five years, let's say, something like in between 400 and 500. So, is it more than doubling the result? Is that clear with your question? Yeah, no, I think that is in line with what I was expecting. And then the second one I have is also on projects. I mean, you have said explicitly that you are going with a new plant in the US, but I wanted to ask about the UK. I mean, especially after Brexit, there is a very high focus here on getting as much local supply chain as possible for offshore wind, and government has come up with some kind of support for local supply chain. And just wondering, I think you have a high-voltage factory here, but do you have any plan to have a subsea factory in the UK for offshore wind? Honestly, I met also some people from UK government about it. I cannot say no, but I cannot say yes, as of today. Also because it makes no sense to pollute the world of the submarine plant. Subsea plants are very expensive, very difficult to be managed, and we cannot have 10 plants of submarine. The priority we choose is the US. Later, we are going to see. Never say never, but in the parents of the development of the market. We have capacity in Finland. We have capacity for the medium voltage in Germany. We have capacity for the extra voltage in Italy. For the time they've reached us. Thank you. And my final question is on price cost going into 2022. So I think you mentioned early on that you were able to recover some inflation through better pricing. And as we go in 2022, we are talking about labor inflation, which may be higher than what we have seen in recent years. And just wanted to know your thoughts on could that be a headwind for the bridge in 2022? Or do you think that this better pricing that we are seeing in the market will allow you to pass this additional headwind coming from labor inflation on top of supply chain and component? That's a very difficult question. I understand perfectly. What I can tell you is difficult to tell because the labor cost, the total labor cost of the company is like $1,200,000. Obviously, if we are going to see a 5% labor cost increase, it will not be easy to be passed to the market. So, of course, that labor cost increase and the related rates is different country by country and region related. I would say that there shouldn't be an issue in our PML if limited to a single little digit. The goal I give you to the HR and to the local is to control and to keep under the level of 3%. That obviously depends on the development of the market. But just a clarification, you just said that you are aiming to contain this inflation in single digit million, million euros. Is it what you said? I said that 3% salary inflation is the theoretical limit. I wanted to be able to reach. Thank you. Then it depends on country by country, market by market, which is going to be the effect of the corporate renewals. Thank you, Valerio. You're welcome. Our next question comes from the line of Renato Gargiulo from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question. Yes. Good afternoon. Well, first question is on Pericom. If you can provide an update on pricing on the competitive environment. We have seen also the last channel about tender. So an update on that side, also in the European market. The second question is on your new submarine cable project in the US, coastal Virginia offshore wind. Can you provide any more color on that about the competition you are experiencing in the bidding process? It's the first balance of planned contract. Do you expect more contracts like this or in terms of profitability? Can we assume a similar level of profitability of a similar project in the offshore wind segment? Then the last question is still on your CAPEX plan in North America. So basically you have announced 100 million plus 85 million for the telecom segment and your investment in the energy project for the new plant in the short term. Can we assume these are the investments planned for North America or may be necessary to think about more investment going forward? Thank you. Okay, let me start from your last question. The North American investment is going to be something like 200 million at least. Then, how is already in the number I presented to you. If I am not wrong, I already told you that we were going to write the CAPEX level for the next three years, 22, 23, and 24, around about 300 million. 300 up to 350. Why? Most of all, most of all, because the ship is over, but the U.S. plant is coming. And the U.S. plant will be something like an average of 70 billion dollars per year cannot be absorbed by the other CAPEX. You are able to consider that, and it is quite clear in the slide, that we have to dedicate some mediums to the decarbonization. That is a game that is a game that we are asked and we expected to execute, and once we say yes, we do it. We are planning a number of CAPEX, not very huge, to reduce the level of emission of the contract. Scope one and two. The other two questions. The U.S. plant is, I don't know if Hakan should be on the line. Yes, I'm connected. I'm connected. Okay. Okay. The question was about Dominion. What about Dominion, the balance of plants, and the pricing in the U.S.? So if I comment on the Dominion, the Dominion is the first balance of plants offer that we have made together with JMA. And in an environment like the U.S., where, you know, offshore wind is just emerging, sometimes customers prefer to buy the whole system, including transportation of the poles and also installation of the poles together. And the balance of plants approach becomes an important element. So we have done the first time a partnership with DEME to approach that new way of business. So I think the important thing here is that the pricing definitely is relative to the risk that you're taking. And we can say that it's comparable to the overall offshore wind project that we have. And I cannot say that it's extremely high, it's extremely low, but it's in line with the expectations, in line with the risks that we are taking. And it is not going to be the first one and the last one. We foresee to have more, especially when the wind farm market is growing, to utilize also external installers, apart our own fleet in some projects. And we are expecting that to continue. And I can say that, let me say, it is more complicated to have a balance of science approach, but it is also, I think, a good approach for our utilities or for our TSOs to reduce the risks overall of the project splitting it into pieces. So I don't know if I answered your question, if you have any further expectations. Yes, very clear. Okay, thank you. Thank you. The last question on Telecom. Yes. Yes, the third question, we went back from the last to the first one. I leave the floor for the Telecom to my friend, Philip, here around the table, to give you the answers about the pricing and the environment in Telecom. Okay, good evening, Renato. First, on the volume, the Telecom market is back up. It's growing again after a few years of recession. And it's growing very strongly in the US. It's now also growing very strongly in China, after the China mobile phones are showing a growth of 20% year-on-year. It's also growing in the other regions to a lesser extent. Europe is fantastic in different countries. And the rest of the world is also growing. So there is a global trend for the volumes to be up. As far as prices are concerned, you have seen also that the China mobile kind of ended up with more than $1 increase in price, which was expected because the previous prices were definitely too low for the industry. I think this will drive the prices globally to be on an upward trend. We already see that in many places. So both trends, volume and prices are up, and both globally, with different speeds depending on where we are. I don't know if that answers to your question. Last but not least, I hope you have to consider that the anti-dumping procedure will not disclose in the next 4th of I believe that are only possible to discuss. The headline for the European Commission to announce the anti-dumping measures is the 23rd of November. So it's going to come in the next few weeks. We will see what the outcome is. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Max Yates from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question. Thank you. Just my first question was around the evolution of the projects business in the fourth quarter. So I think when I look back at this business, the kind of good quarters of revenue are typically around sort of 450, 460 million of revenues. So is that a sort of good indication for where this business could get to in Q4? Sure. I think so. Yes. I think so. 400 million and maybe a good model. Maybe even a little bit more. Okay. And, I mean, similarly then on the margins, I mean, you talked kind of about an improvement in the margins and that being a good indication of where we might be for next year. So I know you've kind of historically talked about wanting to see this business get back to 15% margins. Maybe that's a little bit aggressive for Q4. But do you think sort of, again, good utilization this division has done sort of 14% in recent years? Is that a sensible assumption? Let me give you a different way of reading. Our forecast for the last quarter is telling us that the year-end margin is going to be over 30%. The year-end margin energy projects is going to be above 30%. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Then the last quarter I don't have directly, but it will be quite easy. Yeah. Because you're at 11.6 year-to-date. So that would be 60%. Yeah. Then we're going to recover 2% of margin in one quarter. That's the fourth. Then I like the outcomes. If I can say one thing, let's always keep in mind that in project business what is very relevant is the full year margin. Because if you go back many years, you will always find a very significant difference in margin between the first part of the year and the second part of the year. So I wouldn't take these 16, say the Q4, the compound calculation in 16%. I wouldn't use these for 2022. I think we should use the 13%, 14%. Of course, with the growth of the business, we have operating leverage and not certainly the Q4 used for the following full year. Sure. Understood. And I guess is it right to think the reason that you might get to 16% is because you're closing on projects and those sometimes have some provision releases in? Absolutely. Yeah. Which is why that margin can be so strong, just so we understand it a bit better. Is that correct? Yeah. It is correct. Yeah. Okay. That's helpful. So my next question is just on this sort of 400 to 500 million sort of project EBITDA number that you've talked about. And I mean, we get asked about it quite a lot. So the thing I'd like to understand is we're talking about EBITDA kind of in energy projects nearly doubling. So adding about 200 million. And if we think about kind of what that means in terms of revenues, we'd need to add, assuming it's a 15% margin, sort of somewhere north of a billion of revenues in order to achieve that. So I guess what I'm trying to understand, when I look at your CapEx and you're spending 200 million on a U.S. facility, but I'm struggling to see where the CapEx in the current assumptions is to get that kind of revenue growth. So unless kind of in the next couple of years we're going to see a real step up in CapEx on top of what you've just announced, can you help me understand how spending sort of 200 to 300 million on a new plant is going to get you a billion more of revenues? Or where with your current capacity set up that that kind of step up in revenues is achievable from? Okay. Okay. That will give an answer in a different way. In terms of installation capability and capacity, we are already there. We need some additional CapEx, as we see, and honestly speaking, we have authorized additional CapEx in Finland to be executed this year. We have already authorized and is ongoing the CapEx for capacity increase in after future. We are missing still the U.S. plant. So, and we have already authorized also the U.S. extension for this. Okay. So, at least in the medium term, we should be not so far from the required capacity by the market with the investment that I already told you. Okay. So, the level reported in page 11 is a really reasonable level. So, then maybe after some other opportunity will come and we are going to follow the traditional CapEx. Okay. So, that's clear. Just so I really understand that. So, you can potentially do an energy project about three billion of revenues based on the CapEx that you have laid out in slide 11. Just to make that crystal clear. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Understood. And maybe just one, just a final one for Philippe. So, I mean, I sort of appreciate the sort of comments on the volumes getting better, the pricing sort of maybe having reached the bottom. So, should we also translate that to your sort of telecom margins also having bottomed? Because I know there's been this effect where your contracts get renegotiated that can have a delayed impact on margins. So, I'd love to understand whether based on the pricing and volumes, we feel like margins have reached a bottom this year or whether there is still that delayed effect that may need to come through in 2022. Yes. Yes. Hi, Max. Certainly, in the quarter of three, we have in the full effect of the new contracts. We now have the full effect of prices, of the price reduction. The second thing that we have is, of course, the impact of the increased raw materials and transportation. And, of course, as you know, we are permanently working on our costs in general. So, I would say, if you take the quarter-free, isolated, you are at the level that is to be, unless we have surprises on the raw material crisis, it should be unsustainable. If we do not have a big change in the mix of geography. I'm sorry to add a consideration. My opinion is quite important. If you look at the inflation on the transportation costs, that is very helpful to us. Because our industrial presence all over the market is everywhere. Whereas the Indians, for instance, of the countries will have much higher problems or much higher costs to export to the other markets, we don't. And that is helpful to us. We are seeing this in the UK market, where the fish were a significant exporter of energy inputs. And, today, they are suffering a lot. The availability as well as the cost of containers. So, the transportation cost increase is not totally negative to us. It's a double effect. It's more expensive also for us. But we are, I think, at least I can't stop for my business. I think we are the most local of the global players. Okay. And if I see the media where I want this, that's good for everything I can see as well. Okay. Valeri, could I just check? Because I struggled to hear during the presentation. You didn't make it. Did you or did you not make a comment on 2022 margins in telecom? Did I hear a comment on 2022 margins in telecom? Or did you not? I did not. I did not, honestly. You did not. Okay. Perfect. I don't like to talk right now about the margins of the next year. It's a little bit different. Understood. Thank you. You're welcome. Our next question comes from the line of Sean McLaughlin from HSBC. Please go ahead with your question. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. The first is coming back to slide 11. Could you just talk a little bit more about what you mean by climate change and digital in terms of capex allocation? How should we think about this? How are you enhancing your product? And, you know, how can we think about, you know, profitability, new products in climate change and digital? I leave the flow to Massimo Somerville. I will see from the book. What I mean? I start the answer. Then I leave the flow to Massimo Formal. Obviously, you know that to catch with ourún space based targets for completely, we have to reduce our mission. Obviously, in order to catch with our shelf-based target commitment, we have to reduce our issue. And to do that, we need some capex. For instance, the relamping of our factories are already ongoing. But there are other capex, other, not significant capex, but other efforts that we have to do. There is someone that has the time to open. In Controble Trade, we needed to foresee some investments, some medium-sized capex, in order to reduce our CO2 emissions in the next five years. That's the reason for the climate change and digital capex. More climate change, the digital, is something much more stable than foreseeable. Massimo, do you want it to be more... With our commitment, Sean, the net zero by 2035, we have allowed some 100 million capex over 10 years to be deployed in our factories to make this plane solid and achievable. And this is what climate change is about. We also are working on removing some SS6 gas, which are very contaminating in our footprint, including the one that we use, us and our competitors, for how about it is in a sensory cable testing. And this is...this regards some additional capex. And so this is...showing in the problem for this capex for the climate change is just going to be a key target. The climate change we take very seriously. If we start something, and we are going to need it. That's our side. I understood. And how should I think then about the digital part of that? Because surely that is going into new product areas. No, the digital is a quite important chunk of investment that we, every year, are implemented in order to improve our digital structure, meaning the IT systems that include the generality of the data. For instance, now we are implementing the new SAP S4, the entire perimeter. Right now, we are doing it in North America, and it's a quite expensive capex. Did I answer to your question? Yes, that's very clear. Thank you. And if I may just one follow-up, just to be clear, on the project capex, we know about the U.S. facility. I'm just thinking about the split between submarine and high voltage. I guess the ship is obviously a submarine-specific, but can I assume there's complete overlap in new capacity in the projects for both submarine and underground high voltage? Yes, of course. I'm not sure to have understood very well your question, but the capex we are referring to are the total capex, including the HV land and the submarine. But of course, the share of the incidence of the high voltage capex, land high voltage capex, the total energy project is lower in the summer. Most, the chunk of the capex would be destroyed in the submarine capacity, more in the water capacity. In the range of probably 30% to 70%, 30% in land and 70% in summer, especially in light of the U.S. new, brand new plants in the summer space. But you have to consider that the capex required for German corridors are almost already done. The capex for sovereign under execution are partly in the numbers, surely in the numbers of 2022. What we need today is part of the capex effort, unless some other big land projects we can. Great. Thank you. You're welcome. And our next question comes to the line of Pratamesh Sarigunkar from Goldman's Car. Please go ahead with your question. Hi. Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. I am Pratamesh Ivoff with Daniel at BS. I had two quick questions. My first one was like, you seem to be winning a lot of projects in the U.S. without having a U.S. submarine plant. I was just wondering that, do you still need a U.S. plant or is it possible to just produce all the cable that you need for U.S. from your European facilities? And I can ask the second one later. Yes, it's possible. It's possible that the transportation will be expensive and the local countries, unfortunately, they are appreciated by the customers in the U.S. because while having no additional capacity or available capacity for various markets in Europe, being also the European market expectancy to track and grow, we have decided to move into the market. Let me remember you that we have been the first to build the HV plant in the U.S. followed by our competitors. Now, we are not the first. Sorry. The submarine HV, we wanted to be the second and not more than the second. It is also a way to balance our capacity as to the demand. We will have a situation in which we produce from Europe and deliver to the U.S. even if we have a path to the U.S. and also everywhere around because it will be difficult to guarantee full saturation of our assets only sitting in one geographical area in this Europe. So the second, the plant in the United States will help saturate all plants across the world and respond promptly to market demand. Thanks. Thanks. And my second question was around telecom. I don't know if you have already answered this, but the telecom PPI data seems to have moved up, but your commentary around pricing was still challenging. So how much time do you think it will take for the telecom pricing to reflect the PPI data? Margin. Margin. Pre-pandemic. Margin. Pre-pandemic. Yeah. I hope . The line is . No. The question is about how much it will take to go back to pre-pandemic margin in telecom. I would say which pre-pandemic? Which pre-pandemic? Which pre-pandemic? Can I say? The pre-pandemic? The pre-pandemic in telecom in reality is not the main event. The main event was the slowdown of the Chinese market in February of the 19th, which was one year before the pre-pandemic. Right. And since then the prices went down by some kind of 30%. Very suddenly, and they stayed down and even went down by some kind of 30%. We are . We are . We are going to be . Well, the pre-pandemic in telecom is not the main event. The pre-pandemic in telecom is not the main event. The main event was the slowdown of the Chinese market in February of the 19th, which was one year before the pre-pandemic . Right. And since then the prices went down by some kind of 30%. But very suddenly, and they stayed down and even went down further for a while. We are going to be back to these levels, I hope, one day, but I don't see it yet. What I see is something like half the gap being fulfilled in the coming 12 months, something like this. But, you know, you have to take that really as a gut feeling. The gut feeling of someone knowing the market and having feelings about it. It's not scientific at all. The volatility of the PENICOM market is, unfortunately, pretty massive. Consequently, now we are recovering. What will happen in the next 24 months is difficult to appreciate. Yes. The trends are on the right side. Thank you. Thank you for answering your questions. Okay. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of George Fetterstones from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. And thanks for taking my question. Listening to some of the commentary across the wind energy sector recently, the industry has clearly struggled with logistics and raw materials cost inflation. I just wondered if you've seen any changes to pricing dynamics or contract structures and conversations with customers within your wind and offshore wind exposure. Thanks. The energy business is a pretty steady business in terms of price inflation. Okay. The energy business is a pretty steady business in terms of volumes, of likely growth. Let's say current heating is growing the way to a TGP. Now, the raw materials increase and the transportation increase, we have been able to transfer to our countries. And that's very good because, at the end, once you transfer the capital price increase or the insulation material cost increase, something remains in your pocket, especially if you are able to negotiate properly. Now, the growth of raw materials in our business is positive if the demand is good. Because we can pass it to the market, because we can pass it to the market, to the customers. If the demand is not good, that's another problem. It's a very big problem. But it usually doesn't happen. In the last 20 years that I'm in this business, I've never seen. So, in the offshore, as you were asking for, the offshore you mean the projects. In the projects, the metals is fixed in and back. Now, once we get the order, we fix the metals for the entire quantity of the project. We cannot fix, myself, the derivatives on the estimate, that is, the base for the compound. And then, we may suffer as the margins, but there is not a number that is going to keep us. So, the raw material cost increase is usually passing to the customers. For the projects, of course, the timeline to execute the project and to realize the cable is longer than the move of the raw material price. And the contrasts do not foresee an adjustment of the price due to the material fluctuation, if not for the capital randomly. And sometimes, but it's not going to damage significantly the margin of the process. Can, I don't know if you wanted to add something about the project margin plan. Yes, Valerio, you explained very well the project part. I can only add that it is very project-specific to adjust sometimes also raw materials other than metals. If the customer is in agreement that we can escalate, you know, with an escalation formula, the price according to the indexes of other raw materials, we are taking that into consideration. In case we are not in agreement and the customer wants to keep a fixed price in the project other than the metals, then we include some inflation into our project that cover partially, you know, or let me say the normal increases in the market regarding the raw material. But, of course, if there are short-term significant fluctuations, they are not covered by the, let's say, by these adjustments. However, we do not see such a situation lately, especially when we sign the contract after the raw material price increases that has happened. We are already including all the updated raw materials and also expected increases going forward. So, as Valerio said, we, from time to time, are affected, but it is not changing the profitability of the project significantly. Okay. Thank you very much for the color on that. Thanks. Okay. If there are no other questions. We appear to have just one question that has just been registered, sir. Would you like to take it? Yeah, of course. Yeah. It comes from the line of Lee Adiadev-Veniza. Please go ahead with your question and announce your company's name. Hi. Good afternoon. Can you hear me? Luigi De Baio is from Equita. Just one question on the energy. Hi. Sorry for the line, but it's very disturbed. Can you elaborate on the speed of organic growth and volume for the coming quarters for the energy infrastructure industrial division based on your visibility and backlog? Thank you. I have to be very honest with you. I rarely have seen energy business, especially ENI, going up sharply. Constantly, our forecast, I tell you the truth, is to be able to increase the volume of energy. Because it could be already a success after the very big increase we have seen in the last year. Massimo, do you want to comment? Yes. Volume will remain conservative, but we are very positive about what we've done this year in terms of passing cost inflation to the market in price-wise. So you will see an organic growth, not related to volume, but more related to prices than anything like that. So this is something that we will see lasting on this for the first six months of next year, and beyond that we don't have visibility, but we are confident that we do next year the same good job that we did this year. Good. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So thank you very much to all of you. It has been a pleasure to have this conference call with you, and goodbye to the next one. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.