 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Prismian Group,
 nine-month 2021 financial results call.
 At this time, our participants will listen only more until we conduct the question and
 answer session and instructions will follow
 at that time
 just to remind you all
 This call is being recorded.
 I would now like to hand over to the chairperson, Mr. Valerio Battista.
 CEO of
 Cleveland Group
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much, and good afternoon to all the audience.
 Welcome to the nine months 2021 report of the region.
 Okay, let's go immediately to the page number three, the key highlights of the first time.
 The performance has been good with a solid organic growth
 which is equal to percent.
 with a significant recovery across all the states.
 The margins have checked out the end of the story.
 please do use oil.
 and I'm going to see if it's done
 I talked to them.
 the margin, that is the 9% of 2020, but if people see that the meta-price that has been
 in places
 I've been thinking
 our offline
 the real
 madness
 could that be
 in that piece of paper.
 record backlog
 and on the intake in the world.
 We have a 4 billion euro for the backlog.
 Let me remember that the part of it is coming from the U.S. market that has taken.
 We've got three important projects in the U.S. market.
 The so-green HVDC,
 pay 900 million dollars
 That is the biggest single HV project in the last year.
 The Dominion Energy, which was just one week ago, is a value of 630 million euros.
 is the largest project ever awarded in the U.S., a submarine.
 to be finally the winner of short wind farm
 got denotist a good seat
 and all the
 related authorization
 by the
 Okay.
 So we are going to start the execution.
 Let's move to page four, sales.
 This is rich at $9,300,000.
 The tunnel guide door of 11.4%.
 Related EBITDA has been $325 million with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 7.8%.
 have to consider the effect of the metal price in that percentage.
 But what scouts are the U.S. are not the percentages.
 and this
 The sole not extremely positive note is about the freakish flow because of the weight of
 the world in practical
 a very high level
 of cost of
 or materials.
 So, going back to the organic grow.
 grew very good, especially in E&I and P&I.
 and in that case a network
 component business
 I don't know.
 It worked very well, and the telecom, too.
 the telephone miles posted that
 15.5% of the income.
 From the adjusted BIDDAR review, we can say that the nine-month adjusted BIDDAR is at
 is at the same age of 2019, if we see the project's effect.
 The energy business, I just said that, is better than the COVID-11, but yet a little bit down, not sufficient.
 We expect in the last quarter to see a strong ramp-up of the energy project changed to the
 future.
 we've got
 these debates.
 Fickish flow.
 we are seeing that
 the problem of
 people show
 has been detailed by the
 from these produce of raw materials, and consequently being operated in both in caps
 and that could be quite a lot.
 I mean, I won't be good.
 Let's move to page 5.
 page 5, the order of the team.
 We serve 2.3 million euros
 awarded the EFDD
 the equipment.
 No.
 a two big project
 of the US, the Union and the Sobelin, and the other various projects, the SOFIA first
 the offshore wind farms in the UK, the gold wind, the taxis frosting, the Saudi Egypt,
 Thank you.
 We'll sign off your own farm.
 I'll tell you,
 So, another day of the intake to which we are still missing the key of the project,
 That is a click for this year with Iranian link.
 expected to term in the last course.
 Let's flip to page six.
 So, let's see.
 Yes, please.
 Let's compare quickly the organic phase above organic level.
 Oh, in terms of voice and intention.
 Not America.
 and try to compare
 the
 volume, the pay of the
 seats of the first
 are immense.
 2021 with 2019, because the reference here for us is 2019, is not anymore 2020, because
 Thank you.
 Perfect.
 largely by the time.
 As you can see, in North America, we have a plus 1% organic growth compared to 2019.
 In EMEA plus a modest plus 0.4%.
 relief of the
 in comparison with 20
 is my
 is 11%.
 Latin America
 Latin America considered a plus 14.21% compared to 2019, and a plus 52% compared to 2020.
 Obviously, North America is not a giant market, it's a pretty good market.
 that is growing and we are able to develop pretty well.
 The sole negative comparison compared to 2019 is area back.
 Why? Not so much in Google
 of China, but much more because of Russia.
 In ASEAN, some of the customers have closed the orders, and that's the reason for the
 the minus 2.5 you see in the chart compared to 2019.
 2020
 of the
 is a music collision and is a class
 it may be 1.3%.
 Bye.
 business. My business
 This ENI is the first driver of the growth.
 people in which the self-persement is
 André.
 I'm sorry.
 compared to both.
 My opinion is that this engage energy, this is, let's say, because the same is for, or
 similarly to the industrial industrial, is the mental, the global mental of resiliency
 in terms of performance, even in a difficult condition.
 it depends on
 and compare
 And when I compare it to 2020,
 has posted a positive
 you're all 50%
 Bless us.
 the performance is negative
 especially in the first half of the year.
 you may remember that in 19
 the
 the bonus was extremely high
 to do the peak in December 19, then the market collapsed and the first nine months we are
 Moving quickly to slide number seven, the performance in energy intelligence.
 Having the projects on the left side,
 but it's not yet at the point of speed.
 I have to say that the
 the projects.
 Sorry.
 That's supposed to be an organic law, that is 1.3%.
 but in the third quarter, posted at 11.1%.
 And that's the picture or anticipation of the results that we expect to come in the
 so
 at the end
 the EBITDA
 that is what happens
 is very similar to the 9 month 2020.
 That's the last photo
 would be
 the
 the real
 indicator for next year.
 Here, guys.
 EMI, the sales view, 4.3%, in the last quarter, 16.8%, and the results of the image of the
 went up from 134 million to 126 million, with a very good ramp-up and a pretty good margin,
 5.7
 that with the metal of 2020 has to be treated 7%.
 So the margins are really growing in the end.
 moving from 132, sorry, posted a 9.2% for the
 And in the last quarter, 8.9 percent, what I'm going to say is that in the last quarter,
 is stabilizing with a pretty good organic flow
 around about 90%.
 and a pretty good
 evident
 moving from one minute
 to 150 million
 in the first nine months, 21.
 Point of the Telecom.
 Telecom has posted an organic growth nine months of 15.5% with a last quarter of 9.7%.
 Raising the sales from 1.047 to 1.204 million euro sales, with a data that moved from 1.60
 to 178
 And the margin that went up, if you consider the rate was stable, from 15.5% to 14.8%.
 The 14.8 in reality, if we use the methods then, because there is a lot of MMS, multimedia
 solution.
 Thank you.
 the
 skibos
 that has inside the cracker can be read as 15.4%.
 The volume has been good in the U.S. expression, and the contribution of what you see has been almost stable.
 You can see.
 that 11 million versus 12 million
 and the line was 20 positive.
 So, overall, sales went up from 7.5 billion, as rightly, to 9.3 billion, with a growth of
 10%, but in the last quarter, the acceleration is clearly there with a 12.9% organic flow.
 to go to the moment of the problem.
 So 747 is around 25 million euros after 19 million of forex negative effect.
 click to page 8.
 Let's have a look over the last two years,
 the rest of the year
 As I was saying before
 Thank you, Mr. President.
 2019, when we reached 1,7,000,000,000,000.
 Today, we have to consider that there is a certain forex effect that is roughly 50 million.
 just to simplify
 and other than that
 there is a very strong
 increase of raw material cost and distribution cost increase.
 do that
 Do that.
 Effect.
 Thank you.
 and then
 pass the compensation
 modus
 compensated by the Wallis,
 but very much by the crisis.
 points of material
 That's the demonstration that, especially energy, is able to transfer the cost increase
 to the customers, because there is no way.
 or the players are going to transfer it quickly
 or ergonomist marking.
 The volume in the telecom set has been a little bit
 And the price mix in Permacom has been pretty tough, you know, because what we did in competitive
 that may be,
 the guys
 when the legal regime
 the price
 Yes.
 and the volume went down, and the price too.
 The project has been still suffering a little bit, but we are sure that the last quarter
 the result of the projects
 you recover completely the gap
 his goals completed.
 Finally, the efficiencies and the fixed costs have helped us to reach the guidance and the
 probably in the upper side of it.
 Let's flip to page 9.
 by region
 The reason we can say that, space-wise, EMEA went reasonably well.
 Let me say that
 North America
 has suffered more than a year.
 and that's the day of the geographic
 differentiation.
 Do you remember that last year we were commenting the very harsh ramp-up of Latin America?
 Today, we are here for a little bit.
 that is in here to drive the game
 in terms of absolute value.
 And Latin America too.
 you can see that Latin America,
 view,
 42%
 He better seats.
 with a
 I'm a big guy that you
 So, Latin America gave us an outstanding performance, whereas North America suffered a little bit
 of the decline of the very strong power distribution business we have seen last year.
 Last but not least, KJPAC, which obviously comes for a not very big amount, 54 million,
 with an organic growth of 11.3% compared to the first nine months of 2020.
 The results, anyway, are pretty solid, and the COVID-19 is now over.
 at the end
 our total group
 view 11.4% in terms of organic growth, with a very significant improvement from 647 to
 this.
 million euros
 with the projects still
 Late in recovery, but I guarantee you that the last quarter will be significantly better.
 and the business in the region
 so I said that
 that went very well.
 You, too.
 You know, you know,
 to page 10, the Guidance.
 The guidance is confirmed.
 9.20, 9.70, I can tell you that we will be not so far from the max of the others.
 That's not the same comment for the free cash flow.
 Why?
 whereas the guidance for free cash flow was 300 plus or minus 60 million, the max of the
 guidance will not be easy to be reached. Why? Because in the last or in the first
 in a new month
 We suffered a lot the increase of raw materials and energy that obviously are going to absorb
 cash to us, reason why our today's guidance is more in the middle of the range than in
 the upper side.
 Let but not click page 11.
 On the page 11, you can see the trend of the last five years.
 In 17, 940 million.
 in 18952
 In 1907,
 2020, 840 because of COVID, and this year, let's say, something like 960 or around about 960.
 Now, what happened?
 that the energy business is the B9
 enjoyed the acquisition of general table,
 rising in the life view time, rising results, and for the next year,
 medium-term, I mean,
 Five years.
 Mm-hmm.
 with facts
 as in the past to be in the world.
 Yeah, that's true.
 key businesses
 telecom and process, I expected myself to grow. Why? Because whereas telecom, after the peak of
 18 and 19
 went down in 2020
 because of the Christ,
 In 2021, I had to stop it to the cooler.
 And despite the very high volatility of this business,
 We believe that there are no reasons to expect another worsen of the telecom business in term
 It's not a big part.
 The projects are really in the ramp to pick off.
 Why?
 Because after three years, it's been a very difficult time.
 Yeah.
 You can go.
 more
 Finally, we are, we have an ascending of the book, the problem is on, or maybe only the
 execution, but we are
 We are totally focused on the execution of the risks, and we are quite sure that the
 projects we run back
 in terms of performance, starting from the last quarter this year.
 Let's have a look on the
 lower side of the chart about the coherence between the performance of the business and
 the budget, the budget, the tax allocation we made.
 You can see that in the, I always said that our cortex were run about 250 minutes after
 of the acquisition of JavaScript.
 And that has been the Eastway.
 you can see very clearly
 the very big
 increase of telecom
 CAPEX in the years 17, 18, 19.
 the dream chunk of the, of the colony.
 from second lap 19
 will drop it
 the Telecom Cavers
 Because of the countries,
 we have seen in the smart, and we started to grow the catex, the green, dark green catex
 that are the ones that are related to projects.
 Now, what about the shift?
 we see a slight increase, a slight further increase for the next three years of the
 Why?
 Because we have to pull our power to follow the project, the project development.
 and you see that
 his dark
 greed
 of the crones, of the catholics, are going to be the largest part of the catholics itself.
 for six.
 In this cafe,
 is included in
 Samaritan.
 as well as, in the case of the last three years,
 2020
 We included, we have been able to include also the new ship, the Narbonamine ship, that
 Okay, please.
 completed and already working. Working moreover with very good performance, the cable-end
 has been able to lay
 or the device,
 the first chunk of biking was very good results.
 So we are very happy with this next meeting.
 the next big investment
 you're going to be doing it
 Thank you very much.
 I leave the floor to Francesco before to go to the session.
 thank you Valerio
 and good evening to everybody
 As usual, I start from the control rate to profit and loss.
 or something says
 of about 9.3 billion euro
 affected by the privilege effect
 can be found
 and met
 price is worth more or less
 1.3 billion
 organized
 months, as whatever you
 explain organic growth
 was extremely positive
 compared to 2020 here
 by the way, you're still getting
 growth, including also the projects, which is year-to-date 10% better than the half-year
 organic growth of 8.5 percent, so improving in the surf water, and even more importantly I would say,
 The level of organic growth or organic sales is above the pre-pandemic level of 2019 in the energy business for approximately 3%, 3% above.
 and even not too far from the
 pre-pandemic 2019
 the project is completed.
 So, these are extremely positive signals and indications.
 ...adjusted
 IBDA
 ...
 725 million
 a very good margin
 7.8%
 which, however, is stated to account for the copper price increase of 9% up from the 8.6% of the previous year.
 so a quite strong margin increase in particular in the energy business and in particular in the
 that you deny the business.
 The third quarter was pretty strong, 255 million, at the same level more or less of the second
 quarter.
 All right.
 the
 excluding the more or less 50 million, 46 million, 4x effects accumulated over the last
 two years,
 This level of EBDDA is totally comparable with the 2019 EBDDA, the pre-pandemic level.
 once I get in my opinion, in our opinion,
 and very good
 a very good indication
 and for all these reasons
 as Valerio mentioned
 And we are quite confident to close the year in the very high part of our EBDA guidance
 already called
 Lamber and
 Thank you.
 You see on the box top right the comparison quarter by quarter of the EVDA with the prior
 year, the previous year, broken down by business, so project energy, telecom excluding share
 of net income and share of net income
 Let me just make one remark.
 is pretty evident
 out a very strong
 Q2
 in which three
 is supported by the
 very significant and positive progression of the energy business.
 you see that the deviation
 the positive deviation compared to the previous year is growing
 Water after water.
 from $13 million in Q1 to $20 million in Q2, $35 million in Q3.
 Even helped by the easing of the forex effect.
 The forex effect is 19 million years to date.
 for the first nine months
 And you see that was particularly negative in the first quarter, relatively negative
 in the second quarter
 and even slightly positive
 in the
 of course we don't
 to support
 the
 full year EBITDA
 and that we are closing.
 adjustments
 below the agents
 the BDA line, meaning
 mainly restructuring costs arbitration, down to 25 million as totally as expected after
 South Georgia and
 footprint that
 footprint of
 2019 and 2020.
 the special items
 which are particularly non-monetary items, not affecting the cash, are also very low.
 Last year they suffered from a pretty size volume permit in South Europe.
 this year we are not having deals with negative effects, and this is of course, in the end,
 driving up our net.
 good news also from
 financial costs,
 financial charges, you see 10 million down compared to last year, even if I had to say
 that the yield net interest
 expenses are quite stable, whereas this positive effect is mainly coming from a one-off aspect
 related to the issuance of new
 because people bombed back in late January,
 beginning of February.
 Tax rate is also
 decreasing down to 32%
 the spike from negative one-off. One for all, for instance, the tax rate increase in the UK,
 But despite this, we have a nice 4%, 4,000 take points, that's great, decrease, and
 the Ine-Santar Yol Deniz'in
 is
 is boosting our group mapping up to 255, which is almost doubled compared to the previous
 VR.
 Let me now go to the following slide, the balance sheet.
 the stability, obviously disappointing, of the net financial position, of the net financial
 debt at $2,663 million, potentially stable, from September 2020.
 Also in this case, Valerio anticipated the reasons for this very clearly, and the substantial
 reason is
 and major impact
 coming from raw material prices,
 from a huge increase in the world,
 figure prices.
 Just to mention you a couple of numbers, over the last 12 months, so September to September,
 We are counting a negative cash impact, a working capital impact from metal price to
 approximately 320 million, 320 million euro, and it's much more difficult to estimate the
 non-metal raw material
 price is increased much more difficult to estimate. I would estimate this at least 80 million. So,
 So, all in all, we can count a 400 million impact on our balance sheet and operating
 working capital coming from
 the
 raw material
 price
 Of course we have
 we have tried our best
 to compensate this was not very easy, I have to admit.
 We benefited from the pretty good reduction of working capital from Powerlink,
 This is from cash flow from powering over the last 12 months.
 Of course, we suffered on the other end from a necessary restocking or stock rebuild also
 to follow the good volume trend and to follow, in principle, the market recovery, the good
 And I think we achieved a very good reduction of working capital, both on the front of receivable
 and the front of payables, and these allow us to partially compensate the raw material
 crisis effect.
 Let me finally go to the cash flow for the page.
 Here we have the usual bridge of the data, showing the data stability from September to September.
 you see your
 highlighted a 12-month pre-cash flow of $202 million, this recompiled with the $282 million
 taking into consideration
 by 80 million antitrust per cash settlement
 that we had over the last 12 months and the number of 82 million is the number which is
 consistent and coherent with our ERM guidance
 for quietness, but
 for the end of the year, I'm not going off
 minus 20%
 for um
 This means that overall, we anticipate a fourth quarter in terms of cash flow pretty much in line with the previous year.
 may be slightly better, allowing us to grow the 282, at least up to the point of the guidance,
 to the 300 million
 I think I'm over with my part of the presentation.
 we can go ahead with the Q&A session.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 And if you have a question at this time, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 And to cancel your question, you can press the hash open key.
 once again
 And that's the one on your telephone keypad to ask a question and the hash or pound key to cancel.
 So we have a question coming from the line of Lucy Carrière from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 first I need to apologize
 is maybe I ask something
 that you've already mentioned but my line is
 very poor this afternoon, so I couldn't follow
 everything with a lot of details
 But my first question was around the free cash flow performance after nine months
 and how do we bridge that
 to your guidance of 300 million
 for the full year because
 it would imply a quite significant kind of reversal maybe of working capital
 or a lot of down payment coming through.
 So can you help us understand how do we bridge the free cash flow at nine months,
 which I think is a heavy negative, to the 300 million positive for this year.
 Sure. Hi, Lucy Francesco, speaking.
 the drop of the working capital
 and the huge
 cash flow generation in the fourth quarter
 you know what my
 is related with
 two factors mainly
 with the seasonality
 like for number one
 and with the
 normally with order in faith
 and also milestone delivery in the project business,
 which are very test-generative in the last part of the year,
 namely the fourth quarter.
 if you allow
 I prefer maybe to start
 to at least take out of the picture
 one of the factors of sustainability.
 start from the last 12 months free cash flow in September, which is the well-known 282,
 and bridge these
 stay with the 300 that we target.
 it's not a big change
 We will certainly benefit of an improvement of EBTA confirmed to last year, coherently
 with our
 guidance. We may also benefit of the metal price, of some metal price effects because
 the copper rice
 fleshened in the last period
 even decreased a little bit
 so in the fourth quarter we may benefit a bit, whereas in the fourth quarter last year
 you remember that the whole start
 of the metal
 price increases, so the two
 trends are quite opposite, should be quite opposite. Of course, we are assuming stability
 now of the
 I'm not quite
 and
 I think
 in order to speak.
 Thank you.
 There has been an effect, that is a traditional effect with when materials become scarce, that
 everyone has been working on a new project.
 One is running behind additional materials.
 And that has been our mistake, the mistake of our team in certain regions.
 reason why we gave a very strict control on the orders of rheumatism, because when something
 We can start.
 remember, you may remember the fives in 19, the first six months of 19, you are surely
 .
 see the race behind the material in the first nine months of six months, especially of this
 year.
 And that has been defective that it actually even has.
 We don't have...
 where the material bring up in terms of practice.
 so much
 and the scarcity
 of raw material
 perceived by
 some of the
 markets
 We made the mistake to run for higher bonds in our stock.
 That is going to be compensated because we are acting pretty strongly in our supply chain.
 and the narrow
 factor
 I was really saying that
 will mean
 a
 summary following working capital
 specifically the stock
 in the
 in the fourth quarter.
 so it will be a positive factor.
 Whereas we will have certainly a higher level of CAPEX, the 248 million of last 12 months CAPEX will grow to 290, 300 million.
 And this will be on the negative side.
 like also the fact that last year was a particularly strong cash flow
 of the project business in the fourth quarter.
 NVDA is much more distributed.
 As I said, we had a very good dynamic of cash flow from projects in the first nine months,
 in the last 12 months
 and compared to that
 the rescue, we will have a
 less positive
 contributions feel positive, but let's
 contribution from projects in the fourth quarter. But all in all, all these sectors are substantially
 compensating in China, to deliver a full year free cash flow in the region of 300 million
 compared to the 282 million last 12 months, September.
 So the bridge, in principle, is not very material.
 You have a lot of lossy of compensating effects, plus and minuses, but the reality is that
 our full year free cash flow should remain pretty stable from this last 12 months of
 September.
 I don't know if I was clear, Lucy.
 Yes, thank you very much.
 Thank you for all the color.
 My second question was around the order pipeline,
 and I was just kind of wondering how do you think about the awarding in the next few quarters
 in terms of a large contract and whether you see yourself keeping your share
 because effectively you've had a very strong momentum in order already year to date.
 You know, it was quite clear from your slide.
 And if you think about 2022 in terms of execution, you have a backlog of $4 billion.
 If I also add some of the U.S. projects and the Middle East project,
 which is not yet apparently in the backlog, it's nearly $6 billion.
 How much of that backlog do you expect to materialize in 2022?
 And you mentioned in the past, you know, capacity utilization of different technology, XLPE and MI.
 How should we think about that into next year, considering that enormous backlog you have?
 Thank you.
 Je vais vous anticiper.
 Merci.
 next year
 back to our
 second
 to tell you is that the orders are here, and we expect in the last quarter that it helps
 from above to the cash flow with the advance payment.
 We expect to categorize some more quarter of which the biggest one of the history that
 is going to be
 which is
 going to be our
 our
 share of this project I can now participate
 See you.
 because we are under a silent period, but I'm quite confident.
 For next year, I'll do that.
 That's a trend that we are reasonably confident to be able to catch.
 So next year, projects will hopefully confirm the trend of the last two quarters and will
 I think it's really great.
 Thank you.
 Yes, I mean, I guess, you know, I was maybe hoping a slightly more precise kind of conversion rate of the backlog, if you had in mind.
 But maybe it's a bit too early to ask.
 I know we are only in November.
 Next way is when we are going to give the guidance from XTL.
 And then maybe last question on the CAPEX you were mentioning, the step-up.
 You had already mentioned that before, but just as a matter of update for the submarine project
 or the submarine plant in the U.S., what is the current situation?
 Do you have a site?
 Do you have a timeline that you can maybe share with us?
 and also how much capacity do you expect to add to the market
 or maybe versus your current capacity.
 I mean, you have about 40% market share in the market.
 So is there anything you can share on that at this stage?
 The answer is yes.
 We have pretty clear what we have to do.
 The site is identified, but not yet secured.
 considerably in the next week we have to be able to secure the property of the site in order to
 start the construction
 beginning of next year.
 Thank you very much.
 The total value of the investment will be at about 200 million.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Monica Bossio from Intesa, Sao Paolo.
 So please go ahead with your question.
 Good evening, everyone.
 and first of all I apologize
 because also my line is quite disturbed.
 the first question
 is on the
 Thuringian
 link
 should we expect
 of news flow by year end
 and in this case
 in case of a potential award
 of a large part
 of the link
 you see
 the tyrannian leak
 already
 included in your
 Capit's Guidance
 that
 or
 the terrain
 would require additional
 topics on top of the one
 you have already announced
 and my second question is on
 for Francesco, I know
 it's premature
 but considering the performance of the energy projects for the next year.
 And on the other side, the still challenging scenario, would you view as feasible an improvement
 of the free cash flow year-on-year up to 400 million euros,
 or would it be more prudent to be below this level?
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, Monica, I try to give you an answer on Tivrenian.
 As I said, we cannot, as of now, clarify completely the position until then.
 We are confident to be able to catch up.
 at least a significant part chunk of it, investments and capex related to the execution of Iranian
 are not in. Why? Because they are not for sea. The capacity we have to manage the Mediterranean
 at the Confidently
 there will not be an additional
 capacity
 to manage
 Oh, that's
 just a bit
 there are no
 additional
 Al Capix.
 No, they can recap it for today.
 Okay, thank you.
 You're welcome.
 monetary guarding
 the
 free cash flow
 question
 If I understood well, obviously, there were tests in 2022, right?
 in principle
 if we think
 at how much the raw material prices affected the cash flow this year, I think should be
 shouldn't be possible to
 should be feasible at the level
 that you mentioned
 out there
 for hand like that
 of course
 as usual
 We have a target to improve our results.
 that's the first component
 then of course we shouldn't suffer
 from this major raw material
 prime increase. Of course, on the other side, we will have the kick-in of the higher level
 CapEx that Valerio has mentioned. But in all these the most material component is definitely the raw material
 products is increased.
 And if this will not have further penalized next year,
 I think that the level you mentioned should be the robot of course.
 let's take some more time to give a more precise indication on the full picture of the guidance,
 profit and loss and cash flow
 when we will publish our year-end results.
 Okay, got it.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 I see you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Akash Gupta from J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, hi, good afternoon, Valerio and Francisco, and thanks for your time.
 I have three questions as well
 and a lot one at a time.
 My first question is on slide 11.
 And first of all, thank you for giving some medium-term picture on EBITDA.
 but looking at this slide
 and if I look at the dots for projects
 business. It looks like you are
 indicating
 potential increase in
 in projects EBTA in the medium term,
 which could be above 500 million euros
 if I just measure these bar right and can you confirm that and can you say when you say medium
 And is it 2025 or is it 2026 that we should read here?
 Okay.
 you are asking me
 something that is too much
 for service
 I already gave the indication that we expect for projects, as I can confirm,
 the ramp-up of the sales, the process rate, and the margins, going to reach by what it
 within five years, let's say, something like in between 400 and 500 people.
 So, is it more than doubling the result?
 Is that clear with your collection?
 yeah no I think that
 the reason
 I
 with what I was just expecting.
 And then the second one I have is also on projects.
 I mean, you have said explicitly that you are going with a new plant in the U.S.,
 but I wanted to ask about the U.K.
 I mean, especially after Brexit, there is a very high focus here on getting as much local supply chain as possible for offshore wind.
 and government has come up with some kind of support for local supply chain.
 and just wondering
 I think you have a high-voltage factory here, but do you have any plan to have a subsea
 factory in the UK for offshore wind?
 Honestly, I met also some people from UK government about it.
 I cannot say no, but I cannot say yes, as of today, because it makes no sense to pollute the word of the summary plant.
 some of them are
 very good
 very difficult to be managed
 and we cannot have 10 plants of summer.
 The priority we choose is the U.S.
 Later, we are going to see.
 Never say never bad.
 It depends on the development of the market.
 We have capacity in Finland.
 We have capacity for the medium voltage in Germany.
 we have capacity for the
 extra voltage in Uteli.
 for the same day.
 you so much. Thank you. And my
 final question is on price
 cost going into 2022.
 too. So I think you mentioned
 early on that you were able to recover
 some inflation through better pricing.
 And as we go in 2022, we are talking about labor inflation, which may be higher than what we have seen in recent years.
 And I just wanted to know your thoughts on could that be a headwind for the bridge in 2022?
 or do you think that this
 better pricing that we are seeing in the market will allow you to pass this additional headwind
 coming from labor inflation on top of supply chain
 and a component.
 And that's a very difficult question.
 I understand perfectly what I can tell you.
 It's difficult to tell, because the labor cost, the total labor cost of the company is like 1,200,000,000.
 Obviously, if we are going to see a 5% level of cost increase, it will not be easy to be
 basket to the market.
 So, as opposed to that labor cost increase, and the related rate is different country-by-country
 It's going to be great.
 I would say that there shouldn't be an issue in our PML.
 if limited to a single little digit.
 The goal I give you to the HR and to the local is to control and to keep under the
 level of three factors.
 that obviously depends on the
 with up to men talking about.
 Sorry, just to clarify.
 not just the clarification
 you just said that
 the air
 you are aiming to contain
 this inflation in single digit
 million million euro
 Is this what you said?
 I said that 3% salary inflation is the theoretical limit I want to be able to reach.
 Thank you.
 Then it depends country by country, market by market, which is going to be the effect
 of the contract agreements.
 Thank you, Lerigo.
 You're welcome.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Lionel Frenato.
 I'm Judo from Steve Fell.
 Please go ahead and get your question.
 Yes, good afternoon.
 well first question is on
 telecom if you can
 provide an update on
 pricing on the
 a competitive environment.
 We have seen also the last China Mobile Tender, so an update on that side, also in the European market.
 the second question is on your
 new submarine cable project in the U.S.
 poster Virginia of Sherwin
 Can you provide any more color on that about the competition you are experiencing in the building process?
 It's the first part of supply and control.
 the external context of the users
 in terms of profitability
 can we assume
 a similar level of profitability
 of a similar project in the
 of your segment.
 Then the last question is still on your CATEX plan in North America.
 so basically you have
 announced
 100 million
 plus 85 million
 for the telecom segment and your investment in the energy project for the new plant in the in
 short-term. Can we assume these are
 the investments you plan
 for North America
 or maybe necessary to think about more investment going forward.
 Thank you.
 Okay, let me start with some of your last question.
 the North American
 investment is going to be something like
 Okay, 200 meters at least.
 then
 is already in the number I presented to you.
 If I'm not wrong, I already told you that we were going to write the CAPEX letter for
 for the next three years, 22, 23, and 24,
 around about 300 million.
 300 up to 350.
 Why?
 because the ship is over,
 back
 The U.S. flight is coming.
 And the U.S. grant will be something like an average of $70 million per year.
 cannot be absorbed by
 by the other
 the CARPEX.
 you have a good
 to consider that, and it's quite clear in the slide,
 that we have to dedicate some millions to the decarbonization.
 That is a game that we are asked and we expected to execute.
 And once we say yes, we do it.
 We are planning a number of capex, not very huge, to reduce the level of emission of the
 Scope one.
 Thank you.
 The other two questions, the U.S. Army is okay with gas.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 project.
 The U.S. market is, I don't know if Hakan should be on the line.
 Yes, I'm connected.
 I'm connected.
 Okay, guess the question and give it up.
 Okay.
 the question was about
 Dominion, the balance of plant, and the pricing in the U.S.
 So, if I comment on the Dominion, the Dominion is the first balance of plans offered that we have made together with DEMA.
 and
 in an environment
 like the U.S. where, you know, offshore wind is just emerging.
 sometimes customers
 prefer to buy
 the whole system, including
 transportation of the poles
 and also installation of the poles
 together
 and the balance of clients approach becomes an important element.
 So we have done the first time a partnership with Demi to approach that new way of business.
 So I think the important thing here is that the pricing definitely is relative to the risk that you're taking.
 And we can say that it's comparable to the overall offshore wind project that we have.
 And I cannot say that it's extremely high, it's extremely low,
 but it's in line with the expectations, in line with the risks that we are taking.
 and it is not going to be the first one
 the last one.
 So we foresee to have more, especially when the wind farm market is growing, to utilize
 the wind farm market.
 external installers apart our own fleet in some projects and we are expecting
 that to
 continue
 Thank you.
 And I can say that, let me say, it is more complicated to have a balance of science approach,
 but it is also
 I think a good approach
 for our utilities or for our TSOs to reduce the risk overall of the project
 splitting it into pieces.
 I don't know if I answered your question, if you have any further expectations.
 Yes, thank you.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Take care.
 the last question on telecom
 yes
 Yes, the third question, we went back from the last to the first one.
 I leave the floor for the telethon to my friend Filip, here on the table, to give you the
 It was about the pricing and the environment in Turkey.
 Okay, good evening, Renato.
 So, first, on the volume, the telecom market is back up.
 It's growing again after a few years of recession, and it's growing very strongly in the U.S.
 It's now also very, very strongly in China, after the China mobile tenders are showing
 and a growth of 20% year-on-year.
 Because of growing in the other regions, to a lesser extent,
 You're welcome.
 I'm happy.
 countries.
 And the rest of the world is also great.
 So there is a global trend for the volumes to be up.
 As far as prices are concerned, you have seen also that the China mobile kind of ended up with more than one dollar increasing price, which was expected because the previous prices were definitely too low for the industry.
 I think
 these
 This will drive the prices globally to be on an upward strength.
 we already see that
 in many places
 please.
 So both counts, volume and courses are up, and both globally, with different speeds depending on where we are.
 I don't know if I can see us
 That would be your question.
 Last but not least, I hope you have to consider that the anti-dumping procedure
 in the next course
 of surviving with the only possible things.
 The deadline for the European Commission to announce the measures is the 23rd of November.
 So let's go look at the university of the U.S.
 We will see what the outcome is.
 Thank you. Thank you very much.
 You're welcome.
 Okay, our next question comes from Rino's Max.
 It's from Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 thank you
 just my first question
 around the
 evolution of the projects
 business in the fourth quarter
 So I think when I look back at this business, the kind of good quarters of revenue are typically around sort of 450, 460 million of revenues.
 so is that a sort of good indication
 for where this business could get to in Q4.
 I think so
 400 million and maybe a good month.
 Maybe even a little bit more.
 Okay. And, I mean, similarly then on the margins, I mean, you talked kind of about an improvement in the margins
 and that being a good indication of where we might be for next year.
 So I know you've kind of historically talked about wanting to see this business get back to 15% margins.
 maybe that's a little bit aggressive
 For Q4
 But do you think sort of, again, good utilisation, this division has done sort of 14% in recent years?
 Is that a sensible assumption?
 Let me give you a different way of reading.
 Our forecast for the last quarter is telling us that the year-end margin is going to be over 13.
 The year-end margin energy projects is going to be above 30.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 then there's not work
 So I don't have a diary, but it would be quite easy.
 Yeah, because you're at 11.6 year-to-date, so that would be 16.
 You have to go ahead and call the
 2% of margin in one quarter.
 That's the fork.
 then I like the afterwards.
 if I can say one thing
 let's always keep in mind
 that in project business what is very relevant is the full year margin, because if you go
 back many years
 you will always find a very significant difference in margin
 between the first part of the year and the second part of the year.
 So I wouldn't take these 16 states, the Q4, the compound calculation in 16%, I wouldn't use these for 2022.
 I think we should use the 13-14% of course with the growth of the business we have operating
 and not certainly the Q4
 used before they
 the following year, two years.
 Sure, understood.
 and I guess
 is it right to think
 the reason that you might get to 16% is because you're closing on projects and those sometimes
 to have some provision releases in.
 which is what
 Yeah, which is why that margin can be so strong, just so we understand it a bit better.
 Is that correct?
 Yeah.
 It is correct.
 Yeah, okay, that's helpful.
 So my next question is just on this sort of 400 to 500 million sort of project EBITDA number that you've talked about.
 and I mean we get asked about it
 asked about it quite a lot
 So the thing I'd like to understand is we're talking about EBITDA kind of in energy projects nearly doubling.
 so adding about 200 million
 And if we think about kind of what that means in terms of revenues, we'd need to add, assuming it's a 15% margin, sort of somewhere north of a billion of revenues in order to achieve that.
 So I guess what I'm trying to understand, when I look at your CapEx and you're spending $200 million on a U.S. facility,
 but I'm struggling to see where the capex in the current assumptions is
 to get that kind of revenue growth.
 so in less
 kind of in the next couple of years
 we're going to see a real
 step up in CapEx on top of what you've
 just announce. Can you help me understand
 how spending sort of $200 million to $300 million on a new plant
 is going to get you a billion more of revenues?
 or where with your current capacity set up
 that that kind of step up in revenues is achievable from?
 Okay, let me give an answer in a different way.
 In terms of installation capability and capacity, we are already there.
 We need some additional capex, as we see, and honestly speaking, we have a house of
 an additional CAPEX
 in Finland
 to be
 executed this year.
 We have already outlined and is ongoing the CAPEX for a practical increase in Arcofevice.
 We have this industry, you know,
 the
 your plan
 So, and we have already authorized the U.S. abelium expansion for this agreement.
 So, at least in the medium term, we should be not so far from the required capacity-based
 markets, with the
 investment that I
 already told you.
 Okay, so...
 Sorry.
 The level reported in page 11 is a really reasonable level.
 then maybe
 that for some other opportunity
 will come, and we are
 going to follow the traditional
 Okay, so that
 So that's clear
 just so I really understand that.
 So you can potentially do an energy project about $3 billion of revenues based on the capex that you have laid out in slide 11.
 just to make that crystal clear.
 Yeah, okay.
 Understood
 and maybe just one
 just a final one
 for Philippe.
 So, I mean, I sort of appreciate the sort of comments on the volumes getting better, the pricing sort of maybe having reached the bottom.
 So should we also translate that to your sort of telecom margins also having bottomed?
 Because I know there's been this effect where your contracts get renegotiated.
 that can have a delayed impact on margins.
 So I'd love to understand whether, based on the pricing and volumes, we feel like margins have reached a bottom this year,
 or whether there is still that delayed effect that may need to come through in 2022.
 Thank you, too.
 Yes, hi, Max.
 certainly
 in the quarter three
 we have in the full effect
 of the new contracts
 to discuss
 We now have the full effect of the prices, of the price reduction, you know, what you
 the second scene
 that we have
 is your
 the impact of the increased raw materials and transportation.
 and of course that you know
 We are permanently working on our workers in general.
 Maybe you are at a level that is to me, unless we have surprises on the raw material crisis,
 it should be unsustainable.
 We do not have any big change in the mix of geography.
 I'm sorry to add a consideration.
 my opinion is quite important
 If you look at the inflation on the transportation costs, that is very helpful to us, because
 our industrial presence
 all over the market
 is eligible.
 Whereas the Indians, for instance, of the countries, will have much higher problems or much higher costs to export to the other markets, we don't.
 And that's a healthy point.
 We are seeing this in the UK market.
 where the starfish were a significant exporter of energy inputs.
 And today, they are suffering a lot.
 the availability as well as the cost of contagion.
 So, the transportation cost increase is not totally negative.
 to you.
 It's a very good effort.
 It's more expensive also for us, but we are, I think, at least I can stop for my business.
 I think we are the most local of the global players.
 Okay.
 and we use our company first,
 That's good for everything I can see as well.
 Okay, Valeri, could I just check?
 because I struggled to hear during the presentation.
 you didn't make it
 Did you or did you not make a comment on 2022 margins in telecom?
 Did I hear a comment on 2022 Marginal Telecom?
 What did he not say?
 I did not.
 I did not, honestly.
 You did not.
 Okay, perfect.
 Thank you very much, Will.
 I don't like to talk right now about the margins of the next year.
 It's not a little bit of a worry.
 Understood.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Our next question comes online of Sean McLuckin from HSBC.
 please go ahead
 Thank you for your question.
 Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions.
 The first is coming back to slide 11.
 Could you just talk a little bit more about what you mean by climate change and digital in terms of CapEx allocation?
 how should we think about this
 How are you enhancing your product?
 And, you know, how can we think about, you know, profitability, new products in climate change and digital?
 I leave the cross for it to Massimo Baccarini, I will see for hope, because what I mean, I
 start the answer.
 then I leave the slot to mark the information on the table.
 obviously
 in order to catch
 with our
 science-based
 chance by
 targets
 complete.
 we have to
 Thank you very much.
 and to do that
 we need some caps.
 For instance, the relamping of all our factories are already ongoing.
 by the general
 other products, other
 not significant capex
 but other efforts that we have to do.
 follow up on the
 the lesser degree of it.
 There is a somewhat better area of the site open.
 In consequence today, we needed to foresee some investments, some medium-sized carbon
 in order to reduce our CO2 emissions in the next five years.
 That's the reason for the climate change in digital, more climate change, the digital
 is something much more stable than
 possible.
 Massimo, do you want it to be?
 simply that
 In line with our commitment, Sean, the net zero by 2035, we have allowed some 100 million
 and graphics over 10 years to be deployed in other factors
 to make this plan solid and achievable.
 and this is what the climate change is about.
 We also are working on removing some SS6 gas, which are very contaminating in our footprint,
 the one that we use us and our competitors for voltage and access to the cable testing and this
 This requires some additional CAPEX.
 and so this is
 The shovel is a problem for this purpose for it.
 climate change sustainability
 The climate change we take very seriously.
 If we tell something and we are going to eat.
 That's our side.
 Understood.
 and how should I think then about the
 digital part of that because surely that is going into new uh product areas no the digital
 is a quite important chunk of investment.
 We, every year, are implemented in order to improve our digital structure, meaning they
 IT systems
 that includes
 the
 generally with the meat.
 For instance, now we are implementing the new SAP S4, the entire perimeter.
 Right now, we are doing it in North America, and it's a quite expensive currency.
 Did I have a few questions?
 Yes, that's very clear, thank you.
 And if I may just one follow-up, just to be clear, on the project, Chapex, we know about the U.S. facility.
 I'm just thinking about the split between submarine and high voltage.
 I guess the ship is obviously
 a summary specific but can I
 assume there's complete overlap in new
 capacity in the projects for both submarine and underground
 high voltage.
 Yes, of course. I'm not sure to have understood very well your question, but the CAPEX we are referring to are the local CAPEX, including the HV land and the subway.
 but of course
 So if somebody adds it,
 the share of the incidence of the high-voltage scapegoat,
 The total energy project is lower in the summer, most, the chunk of the scattered would be
 sold in the summer capacity
 more in the voltage capacity.
 in the range of probably 30% to 70%,
 to be in London and 7% being in the summer,
 especially in light of the U.S. senior
 brand new plants
 in the family space.
 But you have to consider that the CAPEX required for German corridors are almost already done.
 The CAPEX for sovereign under execution are partly in the numbers, surely in the numbers
 What we need today is part of the CAVEX effort, so unless some other things like this, let
 and the projects we've got.
 Okay, thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Our next question comes from the line of Pratamesh Saegunkar from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead and read your question.
 Hi, good evening.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 I am that to miss
 I've worked with Daniel at BS.
 I had two quick questions.
 My first one was, like, you seem to be winning a lot of projects in the U.S. without having a U.S. submarine plan.
 I was just wondering
 that do you still need a U.S. plant
 or is it
 possible
 to just
 produce all the cable that you need for us from your European facilities and I can ask a second one later
 I'm going to get this question.
 I use for the US.
 completed for the U.S.
 Yes, it's possible.
 is possible
 but the transportation will be expensive, and moreover, the local contact will enforce
 one of the instants, and they're
 appreciated the very
 that's the senior is
 Even while having no additional capacity or available capacity for various markets in Europe,
 being it, also the media is here,
 market expectancy to cut their growth, we have decided to move into the market.
 Let me remember you that we have been the first to build the HV20 US, followed by our competitors.
 But now we are not the first, sorry, the submarine in Italy.
 we wanted to be the second
 and not more than this
 it also
 So it is also a way to balance our capacity versus the demand.
 We will have a situation in which we produce from Europe and deliver to U.S.,
 even if we have a partner in the U.S. and also the other way around.
 because we'll be able to guarantee
 equal central ratio.
 I would ask it only sitting on a geographical area
 is Europe
 So the second, the plant in the United States will have to saturate all plants across the
 and respond promptly to the market month.
 Thanks a little.
 And my second question was around telecom.
 I don't know if you have already answered this
 But the telecom PPI data seems to have moved up.
 but your commentary
 around pricing
 was still challenging.
 so how much
 time do you think it will take for
 the telecom pricing
 to reflect the PPI data.
 that.
 I have to present them.
 We're talking about the alignment at each of these at this time.
 Now, I have a question.
 you're both
 I would actually do a case to go back to pre-pandemic margin in Calico, in Congo.
 I would say, which pre-pandemic?
 Telecom in reality is not the main event.
 event. The main event
 was the slowdown
 of the Chinese market in February
 which was one year before the project.
 And since then, prices went down by something like 30%, very suddenly, and they stayed down
 and even went down further for white.
 We are going to be back to these levels, I hope, one day, but I don't see it yet.
 what I see is something like
 half the gap
 being perfect in the coming 12 months.
 something like this
 But, you know, you have to take that really as a gut feeling.
 the gut feeding of someone
 knowing the market and having feelings about it.
 It's not scientific at all.
 the volatility of the
 The Penecom market is, unfortunately, pretty bad.
 consequently now we are
 always what's going to happen
 in the next 24 months
 It's difficult to predict.
 Yes.
 The trends are on the website.
 Thank you.
 thank you
 Thank you for answering the question.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 And our next question comes from the line of George Felderstones from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Hi, good afternoon everyone
 and thanks for taking my question.
 listening to some of the commentary
 across the wind energy sector recently
 the industry
 has clearly struggled with logistics
 and raw materials cost inflation.
 I just wondered if you'd seen any changes to pricing dynamics or contract structures and conversations with customers within your wind and offshore wind exposure.
 Thanks.
 Okay, the energy business is a pretty steady business in terms of volumes,
 Let's pay
 kind of teaching
 doing the world
 Thank you.
 Now, the materials increase and the transportation increase.
 we have been able to transfer to our countries and that's very good because
 Because at the end, once you transfer the capital price increase or the insulation of
 and costituites.
 something remaining in your pocket, especially if you are able to negotiate properly.
 Now,
 Sorry.
 The growth of raw materials in our business is positive if the demand is good, because we can pass it to the market, to the customers.
 If the demand is not good, that's another proof.
 It's a very big problem.
 But usually it doesn't happen.
 in the last 20 years
 the timing
 in this business, I've never seen.
 So, in the offshore, as you were asking for,
 in the projects.
 In the project, the metal is fixed in and back.
 Once we get the order, we fix the methods for the entire quantity of the project.
 We cannot fix, vice versa, the derivatives on the estimate, that is, the base for the
 And then we may suffer as the margins, but it's not a number that is going to keep us.
 So, the raw material cost increase is usually passing to the customers.
 For the project, of course, the timeline to execute the project and to realize the cable
 is longer than the move of the automobile price.
 and the contrast
 do not trust me
 Thank you.
 an adjustment of the price due to the rematerial fluctuation, if not for the capital and the
 and sometimes
 And butter is not going to damage significantly the margin of the process.
 Tom, I don't know if you wanted to ask something about the project marketing plan.
 Yes, Valerio, you explained very well the project part.
 I can only add that it is very project-specific to adjust sometimes also raw materials other than metals.
 So if the customer is in agreement that we can escalate, you know, with an escalation formula, the price according to the indexes of other raw materials, we are taking that into consideration.
 in case
 we are not in agreement
 and the customer wants to keep a fixed price in the projects other than the metals,
 then we include
 some inflation
 into our project
 that covers
 partially, you know,
 the, or let me say
 the normal
 increases in the
 market regarding the raw materials.
 But, of course, if there are short-term significant
 structures.
 situations, they are not covered by the, let's say, by these adjustments.
 However, we do not see such a situation lately, especially when we sign the contract after the raw material price increases that has happened.
 we are already including
 all the updated
 raw materials and also
 the expected increases going forward.
 So as Valerio said, we from time to time are affected,
 but it is not changing the profitability of the project significantly.
 Okay, thank you very much for the colour on that.
 Thanks.
 Okay.
 Do you have any other questions?
 We appear to have
 Just one question that has just been registered, sir.
 Would you like to take it?
 Yeah, of course.
 Yes, it comes from the line of Lee, Jadif, and Niza.
 please go ahead with your question
 and announce your company's name.
 Same.
 Hi, good afternoon. Can you hear me? Luigi De Baez from Equita.
 just one
 just one question
 on the energy
 if you can
 you
 elaborate
 Hi, Kent.
 Sorry for the line, but it's very disturbed.
 Can you elaborate on the speed of organic growth and volume for the coming quarters
 for the Energy Infrastructure Industrial Division
 based on your visibility and backlog.
 Thank you.
 Feed of organic growth in the project business.
 Yeah, I did.
 Yeah, bye.
 Listen, I have to be very honest with you.
 I really have seen
 and the business special
 in P&I
 Thank you.
 sharply.
 Ultimately, our forecast, I tell you the truth, is to be able to tell you the volume of energy.
 because it could be already a success after the very big increase we have seen in the last year.
 Maximo, do you want to comment?
 Volume will remain conservative, but we are very positive about what we've done this year
 in terms of passing cost inflation to the market in price right.
 so you will see it
 an organic growth, not related to volume,
 and morally to price them and then anything else so this is something that we
 will see last thing on this
 before the festivities
 next year and beyond that
 that we don't have to give us a bit.
 it's about that.
 and that we'll do next year the same good job that we did this year.
 Thank you very much.
 So, thank you very much to all of you.
 has been a pleasure
 to have this
 contract
 call
 with you and goodbye
 I can do the next one.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation.
 this concludes today's conference call
 you may now disconnect your lines
 Thank you very much.