 Thank you, Bonnie.
 We're off to a very strong start this year.
 We delivered record Q1 revenues of $1.7 billion
 and record digital revenues of $1.4 billion.
 We grew year-over-year, overperformed our guidance for the quarter, and are raising our guidance for the future.
 Our results continue to be driven by focus and execution against our three strategic
 pillars. First, expanding our audiences. Second, deepening engagement. And third, providing
 more opportunities for player investment.
 Let's start with Audience Reach, which rose 431 million monthly active users this quarter.
 Lizard had 41 million MAUs for the quarter up 58% versus last year and relatively stable
 with us the prior quota, despite no new full game releases.
 With its fastest growing UIP ever, Overwatch continues to grow from an MAU perspective,
 setting another high watermark this quarter.
 In less than a year since launch, Overwatch has 30 million registered players
 and has become Activision's eighth billion-dollar franchise.
 Hearthstone continues to attract new players as well, reaching 70 million registered players
 left to date.
 MAUs also Google year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, despite no new content in Q1.
 Activision at 48 million MAUs for the quarter.
 Down year-over-year, due to weakness and last holidays, infinite warfare released, as described
 to not use your phone.
 However, Call of Duty continues to have a large and active community of players across
 Infinite Warfare, Modern Warfare Remastered, and Black Ops 3.
 And we expect the community to grow with the next game in the series, Call of Duty World
 World War II, releasing November 3rd.
 When Activision Greenlit this game more than two and a half years ago,
 The team knew it was time to return the franchise to its roots.
 and fans are already sharing their excitement for Call of Duty World War II.
 Activision revealed the game at a global livestream from London last week, which became the most
 watched live-streaming Call of Duty history. And the reveal trailer has gone on to become
 of the most liked trailer in Call of Duty history
 and became the fastest video to reach 10 million views
 in Call of Duty history, which it did in one day.
 Additionally, though it's still very early,
 Pre-order is off to a very strong start.
 Call of Duty World War II will deliver the gritty,
 authentic cinematic experience which Call of Duty is known for. Activision along
 with its partner, the Banji, also recently revealed the much anticipated
 Destiny 2, which is set for release on September 8.
 Destiny was the biggest new video game franchise launch of all time when it was released.
 And early leading indicators, including pre-orders for Destiny 2, are very strong as well.
 The team is taking great care in designing the game to appeal to existing and new fans,
 including PC players for the first time.
 Activision is also localizing the game from more markets
 which should enable us to reach new audiences.
 And at launch, we are offering an expansion path for Destiny 2, containing two future
 expansions along with a continuous calendar of other events.
 Encouragingly, the skills that contain the expansion path
 have attracted the majority of pre-orders so far.
 We believe the combination of a great game, the new opportunity to reach PC players, and
 it will be a great opportunity for us to be able to get to the next level of the game.
 the robust content plan post launch
 highlights the opportunity ahead.
 We look forward to sharing more about both Destiny 2 and Call of Duty World War 2 in
 in the month ahead.
 Starting to our next strategic pillar, our compelling games, deep gameplay, and consistent
 follow-on content, drove not only large communities, but also deep engagement with about 40 billion
 hours of gameplay over the past 12 months.
 The result continues to see strong engagement from its players with time spent increasing
 by a double-digit percentage year-to-year to a new Q1 record.
 Overwatch, again, had strong engagement with squatters.
 thanks in part to the Lunar New Year event, which
 like the three seasonal events before it,
 of record engagement in the game.
 Overwatch's latest seasonal event released on April 11th.
 This event, named Uprising, included a player vs. environment game mode, which drew record
 hours of player engagement, demonstrating that overwatch can appeal to players beyond
 player versus player competition.
 In April, Blizzard also launched Heroes of the Storm 2.0 with a more powerful progression
 system.
 reward-packed loose chests, a new battleground, and more compelling heroes, all of which brought
 players back into the game.
 This is a strategy to release content and feature updates more regularly in world of
 aircraft has been paying off with time spent up year-over-year and with
 overall performance ahead of the prior expansion.
 At the end of the quarter, Blizzard released the game's second major patch since Legion
 came out with more content to come later this year.
 To round out the terrific performance of Blizzard's games,
 Hearthstone set a new all-time record in daily active users in April with the release of the new expansion
 journey to and go. King's MEU's were down slightly versus prior quarter, but community
 engagement trends continue to set new highs with an increase in total playtime versus prior
 quarter.
 Time spent per daily active user is now a record 35 minutes
 King also had the highest DAU to MAU ratio since 2013.
 is stability in DUs versus the prior quarter.
 This performance shows that King's focus on live ops
 and new content for co-financiers continues to keep our large
 and a loyal audience engaged.
 and this goes well for King's biggest growth opportunity,
 advertising.
 E-sports is an important and growing engagement driver for our community, and there are many
 h-
 Highlights this quarter.
 Activision held call of duty world league events in Atlanta, Dallas, London,
 in Paris and Sydney.
 and Blizzard kicked off the Starcraft 2 World Championship series.
 hardstone championship tour.
 and heroes of the storm global championship
 with major international events.
 along with the third years of the Duan College tournament
 in Las Vegas.
 In addition, the Overwatch Apex League completed its second season
 career and this year's Overwatch World Cup was announced as part of a busy year of Overwatch
 eSports as Blizzard gives up for the Overwatch League and we have more to
 have come down the road, including the recently announced CWL championship.
 This is Call of Duty's biggest competitive event of the year and will be held in August
 in Orlando with 32 teams from around the world competing for a prize pool of $1.5 million
 as part of the largest CWL season-long priceful-to-date of four million.
 Turning next to the third pillar of our strategy,
 providing opportunities for more player investment.
 Blizzard saw an increase in total in-game purchases by almost 30% year-over-year, primarily
 driven by Overwatch and World of Warcraft. Highlighting, once again, the
 the virtuous cycle of engagement, leading to more play investment, all of which starts
 with great new content.
 Later this month Activision's Call of Duty Black Ops 3 fans will be getting a new content offering called Zombies Chronicles, a
 a remastered collection of the franchise's most beloved zombies content.
 This is our most significant new content update yet in the second year following a Call of Duty release.
 As we now have better player engagement opportunities than we've ever had with our catalog games.
 King not only increased engagement but also increased player investment this quarter.
 Bookings prepare paying user roles for the seventh quarter in a row to a new record.
 King continues to have two of the top ten grossing games in the U.S. for the 14th squad in a row and
 And importantly, the Candy Crush franchise show continuous stability with mobile bookings
 is growing versus prayer quarter.
 King has a number of projects in development, including a promising new publishing partnership
 with Play Studios in the Social Casino segment.
 latest for later this year.
 This is an attractive mobile gaming genre, and will allow us to provide great content
 for our existing player base, as well as attract new players to the King Network.
 As we discussed last quarter, we also have a number of mobile intubation projects underway
 across the company, many of which are based on our proven IP.
 Since King became part of the Activision Blizzard family last year, we've been looking at
 ways to work together to create even more great gaming experiences for our large player
 and network.
 Last month, we announced that King and Activision
 of partnering on the creation of a Call of Duty mobile game
 and we're excited about the potential
 of bringing these two great teams together.
 In summary, we are off to a terrific start in 2017 with continued success
 keeping our large audiences engaged across the growing
 portfolio and on a variety of platforms.
 We're also pleased with the early momentum we are seeing
 for Destiny 2 and Call of Duty World War 2
 and the continued progress on new growth opportunities,
 like advertising, e-sports, and consumer products.
 Be excited about our prospects and stay tuned for further updates in the weeks and months
 ahead.
 Dennis will now review the numbers in more detail.