 Thank you, Tom.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 As Tom outlined, Q4 was another strong quarter for Akamai on both the top and bottom lines.
 Q4 revenue came in above the high end of our guidance range at $616 million, up 6 percent
 year over year for up 7% adjusted for foreign exchange movements.
 revenue is up a healthy 15% if you exclude the six large internet platform customers
 that Tom just mentioned.
 revenue growth continued to be solid across the business
 with the overachievement versus our guidance
 by a higher than expected uptake in holiday season traffic with our media solutions and
 customers.
 I mentioned in our last call that holiday season traffic would play a large role in
 way we would land relative to our fourth quarter guidance. And it did. Media-related
 traffic was particularly strong in the quarter.
 Before I get into the revenue details,
 Please note that all revenue growth rate references
 will be in constant currency.
 Revenue from our media delivery solutions
 was $196 million in the quarter.
 down 10% year-over-year.
 but up 8% excluding our large internet platform customers.
 We saw healthy seasonal traffic growth
 to both our gaming and software download
 articles and continued robust growth in video delivery.
 According to our performance and security solutions, revenue was $367 million in order,
 17% year-over-year. Within the solution category, we saw solid growth across all
 all major product lines.
 as Tom mentioned, we have been seeing strong traction
 with our recently launched Image Manager
 and block manager solutions.
 and we have continued to see significant growth and demand
 for all of our cloud security offerings.
 Fourth quarter revenue for our cloud security solutions was a hundred and two million dollars up 41% year-over-year
 year.
 Wrapping off another tremendous year of revenue growth and customer adoption of our security
 solutions globally.
 Exiting Q4, our security business now has an annualized revenue run rate of over $400
 million dollars
 We are very pleased with the growth and execution of our cloud security business over the last
 the past few years.
 This growth was driven by targeted product innovation.
 and go-to-market resource investments,
 as well as a very successful acquisition.
 to plan to maintain this aggressive investment posture
 to further broaden not only our cloud security offerings,
 but also our web performance and emerging enterprise solution
 capabilities, where we see substantial long-term growth
 potential.
 Finally, revenue from our services and support solutions was $53 million in the quarter,
 up 14% year-over-year.
 Turning now to our Q4 customer division results.
 Revenue from our web division customers was $300 million, up 14% year-over-year.
 We continue to see solid growth in this customer base,
 particularly with our cloud security offerings.
 revenue from our media division customers,
 which is three hundred and one million dollars in the quarter.
 roughly flat year over year and up 15% excluding the impact of the six large Internet platform
 customers. This strong growth rate was driven not only by media division
 and customers driving more holiday season traffic.
 but also from upgrading and penetrating
 more of an optimized solution steeper into this customer base.
 Finally, revenue from our emerging enterprise and carriage
 15.
 $15,000 in the quarter.
 up 26% year over year.
 Moving on to our geographies.
 Sales in our international markets represented 31% of total revenue in Q4,
 consistent with the fire quarter.
 International Revenue was $193 million in the fourth quarter, up 19 percent, driven by
 continued strong growth in our Asia-Pacific region or in exchange fluctuations had a negative
 impact on revenue of just under $2 million on a year-over-year basis and a $6 million
 impact on a sequential basis as the dollar strengthens significantly through the quarter.
 Revenue from our U.S. market was $424 million.
 up 2% year over year.
 If you exclude the large internet platform customers, which are based in the U.S., revenue
 growth with a solid 13% across the rest of the business.
 Moving on to costs, cash gross margin was 77%, up one point from Q3 levels, consistent
 with the same period last year and in line with our guides.
 gap gross margin, which includes both depreciation and stock-based compensation, was 67 percent,
 up two points for Q3 levels.
 consistent with the same period last year.
 and a point higher than our guidance
 due to the strong revenue achievement.
 gap operating expenses for $289 million in the fourth quarter.
 These gap results include depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation,
 acquisition-related charges, and other non-recurring items.
 excluding these charges.
 non-gap cash operating expenses with $230 million,
 up $23 million from two to three levels.
 above the high end of our guides, driven by increased year-end commission costs associated
 with the revenue overachievement, as well as a significant
 uptake and litigation spent associated with our limelight
 patent infringement cases.
 Moving into 2017, we expect to see similar elevated levels
 of litigation spent.
 adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $247 million.
 up $9 million from Q3 levels and $10 million from the same period last year.
 adjusted even though margin came in at 40%.
 down one point from Q3 levels, and from Q4 last year,
 and in line with our guides.
 Gap depreciation and amortization expenses
 were $84 million in the fourth quarter.
 These gap results include depreciation associated
 stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, and amortization of capitalized
 with interest expense.
 including these charges, non-gap depreciation with $74 million.
 consistent with Q3 levels and at the low end of our guidance.
 through the timing of some network deployments that shifted into Q1.
 Non-GAP operating income for the fourth quarter was $174 million.
 up $10 million from Q3 levels and up $6 million from the same period
 last year.
 Non-gap opportunities.
 operating margin came in at 28% consistent with Q3 levels and down one point from the same period last year.
 And at the high end of our guidance.
 Moving on to the other income and expense items.
 interest income for the fourth quarter was about $4 million,
 consistent with Q3 levels.
 Non-cash interest expense related to our convertible debt was roughly $5 million, as a reminder,
 nine-gap.
 My cash expense is excluded from our nine app results.
 Moving on to earnings, gap that income for the fourth board was $92 million, or 52 cents
 of earnings produced here.
 non-gap net income was $126 million, or $0.72 of earnings per annulment each year, $0.02
 above the high end of our guidance range,
 given by higher revenues and a slightly lower tax rate.
 Adjusting for the range statement of the R&D tax credit in Q4 of 2015,
 earnings from 8% year over year.
 For the quarter, total taxes included in our GAAP earnings were $34 million, based on
 on a Q4 effective tax rate of 27%.
 taxes included in our non-gap earnings
 for $50 million, based on a Q4 effective tax rate of 28%,
 and coming in about two points lower than our guidance.
 due to a higher mix of foreign earnings.
 For the full year, the 2016 non-GAP effective tax rate
 was just above 29%.
 Finally, our weeded average diluted shear counts
 the fourth quarter was 175 million chairs and in line with our guidance.
 Now, we'll reduce some balance sheet items.
 Day sales outstanding for the fourth quarter,
 but it's 54 days.
 down two days from Q3 levels.
 capital expenditures in Q4, excluding equity compensation and capitalized interest expense,
 for $78 million, and slightly below our guidance for the quarter, primarily due to the timing
 of network build-outs that moved into Q1.
 The full year 2016, capital expenditures came in at 14% of revenues and below our long-term
 model as we grew into our existing capacity from the significant 2015 build-outs.
 We expect 2017 capital expenditures to be back in line with our long-term model range.
 generation continue to be strong with Q4.
 3 cash flow was $106 million in the fourth quarter and $550 million for the year, or 24% of revenue.
 Our balance sheet also remains very strong, with roughly $1.6 billion in cash, cash equivalents,
 and marketable securities on hand at the end of the quarter.
 If you factor in our convertible debt, our net cash is approximately $1 billion.
 In the quarter, we spent $79 million on cheery purchases buying back roughly $1.3 million
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 of the year, we spent $374 million buying back
 approximately seven million shares.
 In summary,
 We are pleased with how the business performed in Q4.
 we remain confident in the long-term prospects of growth of the company.
 Looking ahead to the first quarter,
 we expect to see a normal sequential revenue decline
 due to seasonality.
 perhaps a bit more pronounced in recent years.
 due to the particularly strong media performance
 this past quarter.
 In addition, we expect further car safety headwinds
 from the strengthening U.S. dollar over the past few months.
 at current spot rates for an exchange fluctuation,
 are expected to have a negative impact on Q1 revenue.
 but just under four million dollars sequentially.
 and $5 million compared to Q1 of last year.
 Factoring in both of these variables, we are expecting Q1 revenue in the range of $596 to $610 million.
 At the higher end of this range, year-over-year growth would be 8% in constant currency, a slight acceleration from Q4 levels.
 At these revenue levels, we expect cash growth margins of 76%
 in gap-gross margins of 65%.
 on non-gap operating expenses are projected to be $217 to $222 million, down seasonally
 from Q4 levels.
 primarily due to less commission spend
 and fewer customer events.
 Factoring in the cash gross margin and operating expense expectations I just provided.
 We anticipate Q1 EBITDA margins of 39% to 40%.
 And as mentioned earlier, we plan to significantly increase our investment levels in 2017 in
 and new product innovation, service delivery enablement,
 and platform scaling.
 important areas we believe will help us enable drive-to-drive accelerated
 sustainable long-term growth and scale.
 And while we're not providing specific guidance beyond Q1 during this call, we want to be
 transparent about our plans to grow investments throughout 2017 at a faster pace than revenue
 Our goal is to reaccelerate the top line growth back into double-digit levels in the longer term.
 We are confident that success we have had with our cloud security investment strategy
 can be duplicated in other areas of the business.
 most notably in our new and emerging enterprise solutions portfolio.
 We also plan to broaden our offerings within our security, web performance, and media solution portfolios.
 This deliberate investment strategy will result in EBITDA margins in the high 30s in 2017
 and for the foreseeable future.
 Moving out is appreciation.
 We expect non-gap depreciation expense to be between $74 and $76 million, factoring in
 this depreciation guidance, we expect non-gap operating
 margin 27 to 28 percent for Q1.
 And with the overall revenue and spend configuration I outlined, we expect Q1 non-GAF EPS and the
 range of $0.66 to $0.69.
 The CPS Guides assumes taxes of $48 to $51 million
 based on an estimated quarterly non-gap tax rate of just
 That's about 129.5%.
 guidance also reflects a fully diluted share count of 175 million shares.
 CapEx.
 we expect a significant uptick from recent spending levels
 both the first quarter and throughout 2017.
 This increase is driven partly by some platform deployments that's shifted from Q1, but mostly
 by our desire to continue expanding our secure delivery network and increasing capacity to
 to support our rapidly growing security business.
 We expect to spend approximately $90 to $96 million excluding equity compensation.
 It's also worth noting that our planned investment increases in product innovation and scaling
 on your platform.
 will impact CAPEX as well as OPEX as we capitalize more R&D development.
 As such, we expect cap extending to return
 for a long-term model range of 16 to 18% of revenue in 2017.
 And with the increase in CAPEX, you will also see an uptick in depreciation levels throughout
 in 2017. In closing, Akamai accomplished a great deal in 2016 and we remain confident
 in our ability to execute on our plans for the long term.
 We look forward to having an opportunity
 to go into more details with you about the business
 and future trends at our upcoming investor summit in Boston
 on March 14th.
 Thank you.
 And now Tom and I would like to take your questions.
 Operator?
 Thirdly, ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question at this time, please press star
 than one on your touchstone telephone.
 Yeah, I'll take that.
 As you can imagine with new products, it's going to take a fair amount of time to actually
 fully penetrate the installed base.
 But as Tom said, for both of these products,
 Spot Manager launched earlier in the year.
 the image manager launched mid-year.
 Not manager in particular.
 This is the fastest growing product
 that we've had in a long, long time.
 So the penetration is still early days, but it was a reasonably meaningful contributor
 to growth in Q4, in particular our performance and security
 portfolio, you'll see that continue to ramp and further penetrate in 2018, but it's probably
 going to take a couple of years to see if she is kind of fully penetrated.
 As an example...
 ...
 for cloud security, you know, which we've been in market now for, you know,
 a little over four years.
 And I think about 38% of our customers
 buy a cloud security solution.
 So still a lot of ramp to go, even in cloud security.
 So it takes a while to have those customers ramp,
 but you can certainly see that we started a few years ago
 from, you know, roughly a few million dollars
 in cloud security and now over $400 million.
 So I think these new product offerings are kind of, again,
 point to Tom's, you know, comments that, you know, innovation is alive and well and
 more to sell into the install base to accelerate growth of the company.
 Yeah, you know, we're in a good position, you know,
 So the DDoS solution, because of our unique distributed platform, we're in a position
 to defend and absorb the largest attacks out there.
 And we've got a great track record.
 And there's a lot of other folks that offer scrubbing services
 or DDoS services of one kind or another and they've all, you know, pretty much had high
 profile failures. AWS, we don't see really much in the marketplace. For DDoS, it would
 be a different kind of approach, you know, so it's not, we don't see that as being a
 that's a different threat to the DDoS business.
 And DDoS is relevant for most of our customer base,
 So there's a lot of cross-selling that takes place.
 and the security services in general,
 were leading with a sale there and a lot of new accounts
 where they will join with Akamai because either of our,
 either our DDoS solution or our application layer protection
 capabilities with Kona.
 And that brings new customers to Akamai.
 Yeah, you know, as we talked about, they're now collectively
 less than 10% of our revenues so the future impact is obviously limited and you know we
 We expect to see some further decline, but nothing at the scale that we've seen over
 over the last, you know, one to two years.
 Not at all.
 Not at all, but our balance sheet has a lot of firepower
 a lot of firepower to do M&A, to do capex purchases,
 Do I share?
 And as we talked about, our share buyback is intended to offset dilution, but it's a
 a programmatic trade that buys more shares
 and the stock price is lower by fewer shares
 and the stock price is higher.
 but we have ample firepower to do full CAFEX purchases
 Yeah, I think we're certainly going to see a step up in head count investments.
 You're right that we had a little bit more headcount ramp here in the fourth quarter.
 But we hired for the year about a little over 400 people, I think, including some acquisitions.
 I think in years past, we averaged kind of more than 1,000 hires per year.
 I think what you're going to see is that this step up in investment is that our head count
 It's probably going to be more similar to what it's been historically than it was this
 past year and as I mentioned it's going to be very heavily it'll it's going to be
 targeted but very heavily focused in new product innovation is also investment
 we're going to need to be making in our service delivery
 Enablement that I mentioned that our services business is growing quite rapidly and we're going to be making investments in continuing continuing to scale the platform
 So you should expect kind of headcount more similar to what has been in the past than
 and basically what it's been in 2016.
 Okay, and then just kind of a quick follow-up, Jim, you did say just in terms of looking at the Q1,
 We can expect a bigger sequential decline from Q4 to Q1 on a revenue basis than typically
 we've seen and just wanted to understand how much of that is being driven by, like you said,
 the outcome.
 performance on the media side and how much that is a continued expectation of and I know
 I know it's not as significant as before, but just to continue to decline the revenue
 from the, you know, top six internet platform customers.
 Well, yeah.
 I mean, as Tom mentioned, that we probably
 We will see continued decline in the Internet platform
 customers in the first quarter one because seasonally they declined Q4 to Q1 anyways because
 They also have a seasonally stronger Q4.
 But I think the bigger component of it is not that,
 and it's more that we had a very strong Q4 for media.
 media traffic was kind of seasonally very, very strong.
 We had a large number of gaming releases, a fair number of software download events that
 The media business can be a bit spiky that way.
 So some of, I'd say the bigger part of the sequential decline
 driven by the media business, certainly not the performance and security solutions.
 I think it's also fair to comment that even outside of media that I think the company
 is certainly much more diversified now than it was kind of even a year ago or two years
 ago that our performance and security business now represents 60% of the company's revenue
 You include kind of services.
 call it 70 plus percent of the revenue.
 So, media is becoming a much smaller percentage of the company's revenue and we know that
 the media business can have variability, just given the nature of the business.
 So I think what you're going to see going forward is that you're going to see more stability
 and the company's growth rates, I do think that there's an opportunity for media to
 ...
 re-accelerate growth rates.
 But I think the catalyst for that
 is really going to be a significant uptick
 and over-the-top of viewing.
 I think we're seeing steady growth in that area right now, but if you see that become
 more mainstream, I think we're poised to benefit significantly from that.
 Yeah, I'll parse that that's certainly on the OTT side that that we out we're seeing very steady growth in 80 and OTT
 It's been kind of, it's been that way for some time,
 but it's steady growth.
 So it's much more consistent growth and over the top.
 than say gaming or software downloads,
 which tend to be much more variable based on
 games that get released or software updates that occur.
 So, and I'd say that has been the bigger catalyst driving growth in the media business that
 Those, the gaming and the software download area tends to be much more spiky, and you'll
 have surges at times, and then you won't at other times.
 So I think the catalyst for growth in the media
 business is going to be OTT.
 I don't think you're gonna see the cows.
 You know, you may see even a catalyst as Tom mentioned,
 that you see more VR and things like that in the gaming space that require
 performance to work well, but I think that between things like that and OTT, that's going
 That's going to be the cause of kind of re-acceleration
 in the media business, and on your CapEx question,
 I'm glad you asked because we certainly are not trying to signal that we're doing a buildout for some anticipation of further OTT
 Actually, the build-out that we're doing is, as you can imagine, our security business
 now is on an annualized round right of over $400 million.
 it's rapidly growing and so there's build-out we're doing to support our
 security business, and there's also build-up that we're doing with our security delivery
 network. More customers want to have their traffic served over secure delivery networks,
 So we're building out capacity in that area.
 So it's not, it's really for other parts of the business,
 It's not so much for the media.
 Thanks for the question, Colby.
 We will cover it more at the upcoming investors summit,
 But I still think the long-term model for the company
 in the low 40s is the right one.
 I do think that what you're going to see in 2017,
 and I say to the foreseeable future
 because I think you're going to hear in 2017,
 you're gonna hear about new product adjacencies
 that we are going to enter.
 And I think what you're going to see is we're going to make investments in those areas.
 Those investments are probably gonna extend beyond 2017.
 And so I think the interim model for the company,
 not the long-term model, I think the interim model
 with the company is going to be the high 30.
 But I do think that once those businesses
 get to a level of scale, because there'll be kind of early stage businesses.
 And I think once they get the skills,
 I think we will be able to get the company model back
 to the low 40s EBITDA, but I think that even beyond 2017,
 we intend to operate the company in the high 30s.
 And I think that, given the nature of the adjacent areas,
 I think that they have a significant opportunity
 for EBITDA that's more like our performance
 security EBITDA, but obviously it's going to take a time for those businesses to ramp
 to be able to realize that and I think what we want to do is we don't want to
 a strain investment, we want to make sure we're investing to capitalize on that because
 Now's the opportunity.
 Yes, yes.
 I mean, we were 14% in 2016,
 We'll be back in the 16th to 18th percent range in 2017.
 Great. And then, um...
 Yeah, I would say that the more of the growth has been coming from selling more into our
 install base.
 You know, we've been able to take the offerings that we have and further penetrate them into
 the absolve base.
 I think...
 that security's been a product category that we've been able to penetrate with new customers.
 And then once you get in, you can land and expand them.
 expanded the other offerings.
 But I'd say more of the growth today has come from
 penetration at the install base,
 there's still a significant opportunity to do more there.
 I mentioned earlier that 38% of our customers buy security, so that means it's an opportunity
 for 62% of the customers to actually buy one of our security solutions.
 And so I think you're going to see that we're going to further penetrate the offerings and
 And I think as we bring more innovation to the table,
 There's more of an opportunity to sell more or to install base.
 And I think you're going to see us do more in the way
 a new customer acquisition in a land and expand model.
 And I think some of the new offers are actually going to help us with that.
 Well, I think, you know, again, I think you should look at our depreciation expense a bit as a percent of revenue to take the depreciation expense.
 We've been occurring at the percent of revenue and as you ramp capex, you know as a percent of revenue
 you should be ramping depreciation at the percent of revenue
 in a similar way.
 Yeah, we don't really operate on an overflow basis, so it's, you know, whatever you're
 is not really attributed to that.
 I don't think there's really been a fundamental change.
 you know, in the internet platform companies,
 in terms of their utilization quarter to quarter.
 Generally, the trend that we expect to see
 is they're gonna try to do more of the delivery themselves.
 Obviously, they'll take the easier stuff and work on that first.
 That's one thing that we've seen in the past.
 I said this stuff is hard to do and to do well and actually to do it affordably.
 So I think that we will continue to have business with these customers.
 I just think it'll be a lower percentage of revenue going
 No, I think you're going to see a steady increase in investment throughout the year.
 I think you're going to see that investment occur.
 It's going to begin the first quarter.
 You won't see it manifest itself significantly
 because it's going to take a while
 to get the headcon on board and the spending to ramp.
 So I think you're probably gonna begin to see that
 effective in Q2.
 And then my expectation is that, you know, again, it'll stay in the high 30s thereafter.
 So I think you'll probably, you know, I'm not going to specifically guide for Q2, but
 as I-
 I said beyond the first quarter, which I said 39 to 40.
 And I think that it will be 39 to 40,
 depending upon where revenue lands in the range.
 but I do expect that kind of in Q2 and beyond
 and it's going to operate in the high.
 Yeah, well, part of that is, you know, again, when you're talking about acceleration, that
 you're talking about...
 what year on year.
 So, as Tom mentioned, the declines we've seen
 in these large customers who are much more significant
 in 2016. So the wraparound impact of that really began a little bit in Q4, and you're
 I see that continuing Q1.
 And so some of it is the wraparound effect
 that these customers not having nearly the impact
 on the company's growth rate as they did a year ago.
 My comment was more of a sequential comment, the Q4 and Q1.
 We always see some seasonal declines in the company revenues and also with these big customers
 and I expect to see that happen.
 You know, as I mentioned, I think some of the seasonal decline is going to be much more
 notable in the media business. I think you're going to see steady growth in the
 performance and security business.
 Yeah, roughly, yes.
 I wasn't referring to a specific time frame.
 I think you know the company has been operating in double-digit revenue growth.
 This is actually the first year we have not.
 I think you know that some of the driver of that
 has been what's been going on with these large internet platform customers, the company
 growth rate, a side of them has been growing in the mid-teens, so we have been growing
 and in the double digits.
 So I think that my point was that if we make these investments, these investments are going
 going to take a bit of time to see revenue ramp.
 And so you're going to see the dividends from these
 investments more in 2018 and
 And I think that is what's going to lead to consistent double-digit growth for the company.
 We're pretty pleased with our international growth that, you know, you're right, that our international growth has been growing very fast and growing very fast in particular in our Asia-Pacific region.
 So our investments are much more weighted, I would say, on R&D innovation to be frank.
 Investments are not heavily weighted towards more go-to-market.
 I actually think the go-to-market side of the equation.
 you will make some investments there.
 It's a matter of giving our existing sales force more products to sell.
 Our sales force is pretty competent at penetrating our products into their install-based set
 of customers, it's a matter of giving them more products to sell.
 And I think that, you know, by stepping up investment in R&D, getting more products announced,
 I think will lead to kind of more revenue.
 and we prove we can do that, security being the most recent example.
 Yeah, I mean, I think in general that we continue to get good traction in upgrading ION into our customers that buy our web performance products.
 you can imagine that it's a kind of hierarchy of, you know, it starts with
 customers that really, really care about performance.
 And so I think we have a further room there,
 but I think that kind of the customers that are going to buy
 you know, that many of them are already buying their products.
 while there's more to sell there, I'd say, you know, that probably not a significant
 significant opportunity there.
 And yeah, we have seen when customers upgrade to ION that there is an Apple uplift at times,
 But I also think there's other things to sell for our web performance solutions.
 As Tom mentioned, image...
 is another offering to sell into the install base.
 So, you know, if they're buying ION, now they can buy Image Manager.
 They're buying DSA, now they can buy Image Manager.
 And I think you're going to see us have other adjacencies like that within web performance
 Back to the top six customers, the platform customers.
 Is there any change you guys are seeing in terms of your share of the traffic that you're
 delivering relative to what the platform company
 may be doing themselves or using a multi CDN strategy for.