 Welcome to the Compinetics Audio-Conferencing System.
 Conference Center, may I have your code?
 Thank you very much for watching.
 Okay, first and last name.
 And what company are you with, sir?
 UBS Group.
 Okay, getting you into the call now.
 now, already.
 Thank you for holding. We look forward to talking with you soon.
 Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 Thank you for holding. We look forward to talking with you soon. Please hold the
 and we'll be right back with you.
 Thanks for holding.
 We appreciate your time and patience.
 Please stay on the line and we'll be back in just a moment.
 For holding, we appreciate your time and patience.
 Please stay on the line and we'll be back in just a moment.
 Your patience is appreciated. Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 Thank you for holding.
 We look forward to talking with you soon.
 Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 Thank you.
 We appreciate your time and patience. Please stay on the line and we'll be back in just a moment.
 Thank you for holding. We sincerely appreciate your patience. Please stay
 on the line and we'll be back in a moment.
 holding. We look forward to talking with you soon. Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 you
 Thank you for holding.
 We look forward to talking with you soon.
 Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 Thanks for holding. We appreciate your time and patience. Please stay on the line and we'll be back in just a moment.
 Thanks for holding. We appreciate your time and patience. Please stay on the line and
 We'll be back in just a moment.
 Thank you for waiting. Your patience is appreciated. Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 Thank you for holding. We look forward to talking with you soon. Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 Thank you.
 We appreciate your time and patience. Please stay on the line and we'll be back in just a moment.
 Thank you for holding. We sincerely appreciate your patience.
 Stay on the line and we'll be back in a moment.
 Thank you for holding.
 We look forward to talking with you soon.
 Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 Thank you for holding. We look forward to talking with you soon. Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you
 Thank you.
 appreciate your time and patience. Please stay on the line and we'll be back in just a moment.
 moment.
 We appreciate your time and patience.
 Please stay on the line and we'll be back in just a moment.
 the moment.
 Thank you for waiting.
 Your patience is appreciated.
 Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 Thank you for holding.
 We look forward to talking with you soon.
 Please hold the line and we'll be right back with you.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for holding. We appreciate your time and patience. Please stay on the line and we'll be back in just a moment.
 Thank you for holding. We sincerely appreciate your patience.
 Please stay on the line and we'll be back in a moment.
 We look forward to talking with you soon. Please hold the line.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Clipper Realty 3Q20 Earnings
 Call.
 At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the
 floor for your questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my
 pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Michael Friends. Sir, the floor is yours.
 Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for the third quarter 2020 Clipper Realty, Inc. earnings conference call
 Participating with me on today's call are David Bistraser,
 Co-Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer,
 and JJ Bistraser, Chief Operating Officer.
 Please be aware that statements made during the call
 that are not historical may be deemed
 forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated
 by such forward-looking statements.
 These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those
 disclosed in the company's quarterly report on form 10Q posted today, the company's quarterly
 reports on Form 10Q for the first and second quarters of 2020, and the company's 2019 annual
 report on Form 10K, which are all accessible at www.sec.gov and our website.
 As a reminder, the forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, November
 9th, 2020, and the company undertakes no duty to update them.
 During this call, management may refer to certain non-gap financial measures, including
 adjusted funds from operations or AFFO, adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation,
 and...
 amortization, or adjusted EBITDA, and net operating income,
 or NOI.
 Please see our press release, supplemental financial information, and Form 10Q posted
 today for a reconciliation of these non-gap financial measures with the most directly
 comparable gap financial measures.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to our Co-Chairman and CEO, David Bistraser.
 Thank you, Michael. Good afternoon and welcome to the third quarter 2020 earnings call for the realty. I
 I will provide an update on our business performance, including recent highlights and milestones
 as well as how our company is responding to COVID-19 pandemic.
 I will then turn the call over to JJ who will discuss property level activities, including
 releasing performance and measures taken in line of the pandemic.
 Finally, Michael will speak about our quarterly financial performance.
 We will then take your questions.
 I will begin by thanking the entire Clipper team for their continued hard work and perseverance
 during this challenging period.
 There aren't going dedication to our residents.
 communities and our business has been remarkable throughout the course of the pandemic and
 we are waiting for the reference.
 Our properties have remained open
 and operational throughout the pandemic.
 We continue to take necessary steps
 to keep our tenants safe,
 in compliance with state and local orders,
 and are providing typical services to our residents.
 During the third quarter, we witnessed some pressure
 on occupancy and rental rates.
 as several of our properties,
 proven by economic activities, declines,
 related to COVID-19.
 At quarter end, the residential properties
 was 93% least.
 compared to 96% at the end of the second quarter.
 Despite the current headwinds,
 We are confident in the resiliency of New York City
 And we expect our properties in the New York City market to remain desirable to a broad
 range of tenants that are operations to return to a normal rate state over time.
 A balance sheet continues to be well positioned from a liquidity perspective to manage through
 through the pandemic.
 we have a hundred five million dollars of cash consisting of eighty three million
 of unrestricted cash and 22 million dollars of restricted cash.
 We finance our portfolio on an acid by acid basis.
 death in recourse, in non-recourse and in non-cross collateralized.
 We have no debt maturities on any of our operating properties until 2027.
 During the third quarter, we purchased 45,850 shares of
 come a stock at a weighted average price of $5.90 a share under a $10 million stock repurchase
 program announced in August.
 At the end of the quarter, we had $9.7 million remaining under the stock repurchase program.
 turning to upcoming developments.
 Thank you.
 proceed with the redevelopment of our 1010 Pacific Street
 acquisition located in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, about one mile from the Atlantic Terminal
 box these center hub.
 As previously disclosed, we estimate that the project will cost approximately 85 million
 out in total and take two years to complete and develop at a 6.5 percent
 and stabilize cap rate.
 JJ will provide further update on the project shortly.
 in our office portfolio, the new lease set
 with the city of New York at 250 Living Street,
 commenced in August, this lease is expected to initially add substantially, approximately
 five point million dollars to the probably annual NOL and it's a significant
 a milestone for the company.
 At 141 Livington Street, the city's rent will increase 25% at the end of December, which
 will add $2.1 million to the property's annual NOI. Together, these roles are expected to
 had an incremental $7.1 million of annual annual IOS portfolio representing an approximate
 10% increase on a normalized run rate.
 had a Floppy's guns property, we continue with the uniform
 land use review procedure or Europe approved process with the city
 We anticipate that approval will add significant floor area ratio
 for the complex meaningful expanding the size of the property, adding significant value
 and allowing us to begin development.
 There's no insurance, however, that the application will fully
 or possibly approve the last submitted.
 I'd like to provide an update to the Tribeca House 421G
 comes this litigation.
 And as previously, let's go to the New York City,
 Court of Appeals rules in June 2019, the department's
 building is receiving 421G tax benefits.
 and that's subject to the luxury of deregulation.
 October 29th, the appellate division applied the Court of Appeals ruling the Gina case,
 only that the base rent for the termination of rent overcharges is four years prior to
 is the 2016 filing of the Cummins complaint.
 And overcharges, if any, have to be determined
 by comparing the rents actually charged
 during the four-year period, to the rent increases
 submitted by New York City Red Luffing Guidelines Board.
 although not eliminating overcharge liability,
 altogether this ruling is expected to limit our financial exposure in this regard.
 The Palace Division, however, affirms the lower court's
 the water of the tennis field to the plaintiff's tennis.
 The case will be remanded back to the law court, which will determine the amount of liability
 for rent over charges and attorney's fees, no future court dates have been scheduled
 as of yet. We do not believe that this litigation will have a material impact on our business
 as it pertains to the limited subsets
 of previous and existing tenants at the property.
 The vast majority of the respondents and all future moving
 are not impacted by litigation as those units are free market.
 That's me.
 like to comment on a third quarter results. We are reporting quarterly revenues of $29.6
 NOI of $14.5 million and an FFO of $2.9 million.
 Results that reflect the current headwinds discussed earlier.
 michael will provide further details on our financial performance shortly
 I will now turn the call over to JJ,
 who will provide an update on operations.
 and our response to the pandemic,
 including a target overhead reduction
 to future streamlined expenses.
 Thank you. I begin by thanking our colleagues at our properties and corporate office for
 the tireless efforts throughout this challenging period.
 Their own wavering commitment to our tenants and communities has been inspiring.
 We faced certain revenue challenges in the third quarter as a result of declines in the
 economic activity related to COVID-19.
 of the 19.
 Third quarter total revenue was 3.6% lower than second quarter total revenue driven by
 by declines in occupancy and rental rates
 at several of our properties
 due to the ongoing pandemic.
 Rent per square foot at Chebeke was $66 at the end of the third quarter.
 We are working diligently to manage revenue at the property
 and note that occupancy has recently increased to 83%.
 Longer term, we believe that occupancy and rental rates at the property will return to
 pre-COVID levels given Rebecca House's attractiveness from a pricing standpoint compared to other
 luxury buildings in the surrounding neighborhood.
 The Flappers-Gohlins complex in Brooklyn held up well in the third quarter from a revenue
 standpoint. As a result throughout the pandemic the property maintained high
 occupancy ending the quarter over 96% least rent per square foot was a record 25
 dollars and ten cents at the end of the quarter.
 We continue to proactively streamline the business and manage our expense-based and
 have recognized the organized certain operations at the property, which is
 expected to result in annual cost savings in excess of $800,000.
 $1,000.
 Flappers Guns is a key element of our portfolio and growth story with the FIR expansion project
 an incremental value opportunity.
 The Clover House, Aspen, and 10 West 65th Street properties experienced a mock-up of the pricing
 pressures due to the fact that they did not have the capacity to sell the property.
 to COVID-19, each ending the third quarter approximately 90 percent least compared to
 middle 90 levels at the end of the second quarter.
 We have all ever seen a recent uptick in activity at these properties, with occupancy gains
 ranging from 380 to 610 basis points since the end of the quarter. Collections have remained
 strong during the pandemic, our rent collection rate in the third quarter was 97 percent.
 We continue to work with tenants on a case-by-case basis when they notify us that they cannot
 meet their rent obligations as a result of the pandemic, including reviewing potential
 alternative payment arrangements.
 On the development side, we are completing the necessary regulatory process at 10 Tempe Pacific
 Street to construct a nine-story, 119,000 rentable square foot, fully immunitized, multifamily,
 building with underground indoor parking.
 The property will have 175 total units, 70% of which will be free market, and 30% affordable,
 is eligible for a 35-year, 421-a tax abatement.
 we are in the process of negotiation,
 negotiating a construction loan for the project.
 Looking ahead, we are focused on optimizing occupancy, pricing,
 and expenses across the business
 against the backdrop of ongoing pandemic-driven headwinds
 that continue to pressure both our portfolio and the New York City
 market in general.
 The near-term environment will remain challenging,
 but we are committed to strongly positioning ourselves
 to emerge from the pandemic.
 I will now turn over the call to Michael who will discuss our financial results.
 Just one moment gentlemen Michael's line has disconnected. We're reconnecting him now
 Hello?
 Yes, this is the operator. We're trying to connect Michael Frenz, his line.
 Yes.
 That's me. Come back.
 Oh, you're back. Okay. Perfect. Thanks.
 Marco, you're on.
 and thanks guys, apologies for that connection problem.
 Okay, for the third quarter, we achieved revenues of $29.6 million and increase of $0.2 million
 or 0.6% compared to the same period in 2019.
 We achieved NOI of $14.5 million, an AFFO of $2.9 million, or $0.06 per share.
 The year-over-year total revenue increase was primarily attributable to the commencement
 of the new office lease at the 250 Living Street property and bringing the Clover House
 property online during the third quarter of 2019. Partially offset by decline in lease
 to occupancy and residential rental rates.
 to try back at house proper
 On the extent side, key year-over-year changes
 where as follows. Property operating expenses increased by 0.5 million in the third quarter
 year-on-year, primarily driven by an increase in the provision for bed debt due to the impact
 of COVID-19. Real estate taxes and insurance increased by $0.7 million in the third quarter
 due to property tax increases across their portfolio
 in general insurance industry cost increases.
 interesting sense
 increased by $1.5 million in the third quarter year on year, primarily due to the recognition
 of interest expense in connection with bringing Cloverhouse online and the refinancing of
 the Flatbush Gardens property in Mac.
 As David mentioned earlier, we are well-positioned from a liquidity perspective.
 As of September...
 For the 30th, we have $105 million of cash consisting of $83 million of unrestricted cash
 and twenty two million of restricted cash
 We finance our portfolio on an asset-by-asset basis.
 Our debt is non-recourse and is not cross-collateralized.
 We have no debt maturities on any operating properties
 until 2027.
 And lastly, today we are announcing a dividend of 9.5 cents per share for the third quarter,
 the same amount as last quarter.
 The dividend will be paid on November 27th to shareholders of record on November 20th.
 Let me now turn the call back over to David for concluding remarks.
 Thank you, Michael.
 We have remained focused on efficiently operating
 that puts all of you throughout the pandemic
 With the safety of our tenants and employees,
 the highest priority.
 We continue to take the necessary steps
 and navigate through the current challenges.
 butter is by strong balance sheet.
 New York City has survived and thrived through challenging circumstances over time, and we
 We have every confidence that the city will emerge from the pandemic as long as we passively
 We look forward to capitalizing in a myriad of growth opportunities, including the 10
 Pacific Street redevelopment, and the potential expansion of flabby guns.
 We hope everyone stays safe and healthy.
 With that, I'd like to open up the line for questions.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 the floor is open for questions.
 If you have any questions or comments, please indicate so now by pressing star one on your
 Touchtone phone.
 pressing star two will remove you from the queue should your question be
 answered. And lastly, while posing your question, please pick up your handset if
 listening on speakerphone to provide optimum sound quality.
 Please hold while we pull for questions.
 and your first Christian is coming from a Craig Coussera.
 Craig, your line's live.
 Yeah, hi. I just wanted to confirm. Guys, did you say that outside of Tribeca where you gave the update
 that occupancy had improved at 83 percent.
 You mentioned Flatbush that all the other properties had seen anywhere from a 380 to
 610 basis point in occupancy since the third quarter.
 Yes.
 Yeah, hi Craig, how are you?
 And at the end of the second quarter, some of the properties
 as we said, Aspen, Ten West, and Clover House,
 they were all in the mid 90s percent occupancy range, 95 to 97 percent.
 By the end of the third quarter, they had dipped a bit to 90 percent, but since the end of
 the third quarter between then in September and today, we see a bump back up on those
 property anywhere from three to four to five percent so the Aston 10 West and
 overhouse properties currently are least ranging from 92 to 95 percent.
 Okay, great.
 And I just wanted to follow up on how
 have rents trended basically flat then here in the fourth quarter,
 or have there been any rent concessions
 to get those folks back.
 Ch-Ch-
 Do you want to talk to that?
 Sure.
 So the ramps have pretty much stayed a drop below what they were prior, simply because
 we're trying to recapture occupancy so there were well, well, you know, positions for when
 the market does come back to start pushing rents again. So for now we are doing the best
 we can and making sure that we don't lose any opportunities to rent a apartment.
 So there's a slight down take in the rent per square foot because of that.
 it. And just one more for me. Are you tracking or able to track whether as the folks moved
 out from second to third quarter, are they staying in market, or are these people that
 are basically just exiting the markets, maybe they'll come back at some point in the future
 but are no longer integrated in the New York MSA.
 To answer that, again, without exact detail numbers, the answer is a significant amount
 of them are moving out of the city, some of them, depending on the property, are moving
 to, let's say, second homes that they have in the suburbs.
 tell us when on the way out they say you know we wish this didn't come to this we
 and we hope to be back soon.
 really like the you know the property and we're looking forward to when things get
 back to normal so we can return to the city.
 Okay, well that's encouraging.
 That's it for me.
 Thanks, guys.
 If there are any remaining...
 questions or comments, please indicate so now by pressing star 1.
 one.
 Okay, your next question is coming from Buc Horn. Buc, your line's live.
 Yeah, hey, thanks. Hey, Mike, could you just quantify what the bad debt expense was in the quarter?
 Did you break that operating expenses?
 Absolutely.
 The refresher in the second quarter, as you know, we took about a $600,000 bed debt expense
 and now into the third quarter here.
 Again, given the high collection rate, as JJ said, we're still in the high 90s.
 So what we've seen is actually, to date,
 pretty good and strong performance,
 even at the pandemic lingers, all in all,
 at the third quarter, we took a approximate $660,000 charge
 for bad debt, so about a 10% increase over the second quarter, but again, given everything
 that's been going on with the pandemic. I think we're pleasantly surprised and continue to see
 collections hold up overall.
 Okay, if there are any remaining questions or comments, please indicate so now by pressing
 at star one.
 Okay, we have no remaining questions in queue.
 Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Stay safe
 Thank you.
 Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day
 Thank you for your participation.
 Thank you.