 Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone.
 Earlier today we reported full year 2016 operating earnings of $2.9 billion, a 7% increase over
 for 2015, and operating earnings per share of $8.23.
 Retina's operating results represent solid earnings per share growth, despite the lack
 of any share repurchases in the year and the significant pressure from our ACA compliant
 products. Continue to be supported by solid top-line growth and operating
 margins and are consistent with our long-term growth framework.
 I'll begin with some comments on our full-year 2016 performance.
 From a top-line perspective, we ended the year with 23.1 million medical members.
 We grew operating revenue by nearly 5 percent over 2015 to $63 billion, driven by higher
 health care premium yields, and membership growth in our government business and large
 large group commercial-insured products.
 partially offset by membership attrition
 in our small group in international commercial
 insured products.
 from an operating margin perspective,
 our portfolio of businesses performed quite well.
 Our full-year pre-tax operating margin was 8.3%, a very strong result and consistent
 with our target operating margin range.
 Our full-year total health care medical benefit ratio was 81.8%, a better result than our
 previous projection.
 Our full year adjusted operating expense ratio was 18.1% and 80 basis point improvement over 2015.
 This year-over-year improvement speaks to our discipline focus on managing our operating
 costs as we continue to grow our top line.
 at our fourth quarter results.
 Operating revenue of $15.7 billion was steady versus the third quarter.
 Our pre-tax operating margin was 6.4% for the quarter,
 a 40 basis point improvement over the prior year quarter.
 Our total health care medical benefit ratio was 82.1%.
 a 20 basis point increase year over year.
 This result was better than our previous projections as medical cost trend remained
 moderate in the fourth quarter of 2016.
 Our adjusted oper-
 expense ratio is 19.8%. A 70 basis point improvement compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 and
 consistent with our previous projections.
 From a balance sheet perspective, we remain confident in the adequacy of our reserves.
 We experienced favorable prior period reserve development in the quarter across all of our
 core products, primarily attributable to third-quarter dates of service.
 Claims payable.
 54 days at the end of the quarter. Slightly down from the prior year quarter. Sequentially,
 This metric decreased three days, driven by the decreased claim processing times and the
 the reduction of the premium deficiency reserve.
 turning to cash flow and capital.
 Operating cash flows remain strong.
 Our full year health care and group insurance operating cash flows were 1.4 times operating
 operating earnings, and 1.8 times gap net income.
 We did not repurchase shares during 2016 as a result of the pending Humana acquisition.
 We did, however, distribute $88 million during the fourth quarter through our quarterly shareholder
 dividend bringing our full-year distribution to $351 million.
 In summary, we are quite pleased with the strength of our full year results as core
 operations were able to more than offset the drag from ACA compliant products.
 I will now discuss the key drivers of our fourth quarter performance in greater detail.
 beginning with our commercial fee-based business,
 where our fourth quarter results
 kept off another strong year.
 We grew by 68,000 ASC members in the quarter,
 achieved positive fee yields, and generated solid year-over-year operating earnings growth.
 Our commercial-insured business, our membership declined by roughly 139,000 members in the
 quarter.
 actually consistent with our expectations.
 This changes the result of attrition in our individual and small group membership.
 offset by growth of nearly 50,000 large group commercial insured members.
 Our commercial medical benefit ratio was 83% for the quarter.
 a result that was better than our previous projections.
 Underlying this result in the quarter was continued moderate medical cost trend and
 in our core, large group products.
 and some improvement relative to our previous projections
 and our small group insured products,
 Consistent with our fourth quarter MBR performance,
 We estimate that our full-year 2016 non-ACA
 core commercial medical cost trend was at the low end
 of our guidance range of 6% to 7%.
 partially offsetting the fourth quarter outperformance
 in our group commercial insured business
 with the continued pressure
 in our individual commercial ACA compliant products.
 Underlying medical costs and estimates of 3R reimbursements drove continued losses in
 the quarter, pushing full-year pre-tax operating losses in our individual ACA-compliant products
 to $450 million.
 As you are aware, we have made changes to our footprint
 to reduce our risk exposure to these products for 2017.
 based on our current view of open enrollment.
 We project our first quarter individual commercial membership will decline from approximately
 965,000 members at year-end 2016 to 240,000, made up of mostly on-exchange members.
 with past years, there was a fair amount of churn
 in this product, resulting in approximately 50%
 of our individual commercial membership being new to Aetna.
 Given the high churn in membership, combined with our fourth quarter experience and fixed
 cost to leveraging as we shrink our membership,
 We project losses on our individual commercial ACA compliant products in 2017.
 However, we expect these losses to be meaningfully lower in 2017 as compared to 2016.
 to our government business which had yet another strong quarter.
 We grew medical membership by 60,000 members in the quarter including growth of 16,000 Medicare
 members and 44,000 Medicaid members.
 as a result of strong medical membership growth
 throughout the year.
 We grew our fourth quarter 2016 government premiums
 by nearly 13% compared to the prior year period
 to $6.5 billion.
 Government premiums now represent nearly 50% of our total health care premiums.
 Our fourth quarter government-medical-benefit ratio
 was 81.2%.
 a very strong result driven by year over year improvement
 Medicare.
 Moving on to the balance sheet.
 our financial position.
 Capital structure and liquidity all continue to be very strong.
 On December 31st, we had a debt to total capitalization ratio of approximately 53.6%, which reflects
 the debt financing that we completed in June to fund the pending human acquisition.
 at sources and uses of cash and investments at the parent, we started the quarter with
 approximately $2.3 billion excluding funds raised from our June debt financing.
 That subsidiary dividends to the parent were $317 million.
 We paid a...
 a shareholder dividend of $88 million,
 and after other sources and uses,
 We ended the quarter with approximately $2.2 billion of cash at the parent, including the
 funds from the June debt financing.
 We ended the quarter with approximately $15.1 billion.
 Our basic share count was approximately $352 million at December 31st.
 to 2017. This morning we provided an initial standalone 2017 operating EPS projection of
 at least $8.55.
 guidance excludes the impact of prior years reserve development. While we are still considering
 our options in an effort to provide as much transparency as possible.
 guidance presents a stand-alone scenario assuming there is no humana transaction.
 Our baseline view of that in this 2016 operating EPS of $7.77 reflects our 2016 operating EPS
 of $8.23 less 2016 prior years reserve development of approximately 46 cents.
 Our initial 2017 Operating Earnings Projection of at least $8.55 represents at least 10%
 growth over this baseline view.
 While there are many puts and takes in our initial outlook, our projected 2017 operating
 EPS growth off of our 2016 baseline reflects, growth in commercial insured operating earnings
 led to
 by a reduced level of losses on our individual products.
 suspension of the health insurer fee, continued Medicare top line growth powered by continued
 strong growth in individual MA and the resumption of share repurchase activity.
 offsetting these dynamics or a number of challenges in 2017, including the projected impact of
 of the previously disclosed Medicaid contract losses,
 and lower projected group insurance operating earnings.
 Our 2017 operating EPS guidance is further influenced by the following drivers.
 We project that our first quarter 2017 membership will be in the range of 22.2 to 22.3 million
 medical members.
 This projection includes continued growth in our Medicare products of approximately 120,000
 and commercial ASC membership growth of between 75 and 100,000 members.
 members.
 than offset by individual commercial declines
 of approximately 725,000 members
 related to previously disclosed changes to our footprint.
 Medicaid membership declines of approximately 150,000 members,
 primarily associated with our exit of the Nebraska contract.
 Small group commercial insured declines of approximately 125,000 members reflecting our continued repositioning in these products.
 We project 2017 Operating Revenue to be in the range of $60 to $61 billion.
 This top line projection reflects our previously discussed ACA compliant product decisions.
 net impact of the previously disclosed Medicaid contract
 losses and the suspension of the health insurer fee.
 partially offset by growth in our government business
 primarily Medicare products, and higher premiums
 in our large group commercial-insured products.
 We project our 2017 non-ACA core commercial medical cost trend to be in the range of six
 to 7%, an approximate 50 basis point increase over 2016 at the midpoint of this range.
 This projection reflects an increase in health care utilization, partially offset by one less
 calendar day.
 We project our full-year total health care medical benefit ratio will be in the range of 84 to 85 percent
 representing a 270 basis point increase at the midpoint of the range.
 This projected increase is driven primarily by the suspension of the health insurer fee.
 The exclusion of prior year's reserve development from our initial guidance and experience
 rating pressure in our group commercial and group Medicare Advantage products, partially
 offset by projected improvement in our individual commercial-insured products.
 Our current view is that our full-year adjusted operating expense ratio will be 16.5% plus
 or minus 25 basis points.
 a 160 basis point improvement at the midpoint over 2016,
 primarily reflecting the impact of the 2017 suspension
 of the health insurance fee.
 absent this impact at the midpoint of this range.
 our operating expense ratio is projected
 to be essentially flat year over year.
 an excellent result given the previously disclosed
 revenue headwinds.
 We project our pre-tax operating margin to be approximately 8 percent consistent with
 their high single-digit target.
 with operating earnings of at least $2.9 billion.
 dollars.
 We project that net subsidiary dividends
 for the year will be approximately $2.9 billion.
 and project excess cash at the parent of approximately four
 billion after funding all Humana and Molina transaction related fees and
 expenses.
 Are you closing?
 I am very pleased with the strength of our fourth quarter in full year 2016 results,
 which exceeded our projections despite the challenges we experienced in our ACA compliant products.
 As we begin 2017, the fundamentals of that
 business remains strong.
 We are confident that we can achieve our initial standalone 2017 operating EPS projection of
 of at least $8.55.
 I will now turn the call back over to Joe.
 Joe?
 So, Josh, a couple things.
 As you think about capital deployment,
 There's, in addition to Sherry Purchase,
 There's one other thing that you need
 to think about that we've assumed here.
 And that is $2.7 billion of the deal that is non-callable.
 So at some point, that will come back above the line, if you will, and we will have to
 to bear the interest expense on that data above the line.
 that's worth a little bit more than sort of a 10-cent item.
 But going back to the main thrust of your question, what I would say is we have largely
 assume the $4 billion for the purpose of this guidance does go into repurchase, but the
 one area where we still have some uncertainty as we work through our final decision making
 is the timing of that and the application of that throughout the year.
 So for this guidance, we have assumed, I think, cautiously that that's more back-end
 waited than it ultimately could turn out to be, but I think given where we are in the
 process.
 the prudent decision right now.
 Yeah, so what this would largely assume is that we would get
 to a debt to cap, that would be between 35 and 40
 by the end of the year, we may go a little bit higher than that.
 and certainly something like an ASR is on the table.
 Again, the timing of when we would pull the trigger on that is something that we're still
 working through as we work through sort of the final steps in our decision-making process.
 Okay, Kevin. Thanks, Mark.
 You know, I...
 We, first of all, believe that Medicare and Medicaid will be growth markets for us and continue to be even in spite of our
 our procurement losses and Medicaid,
 We still have a strong pipeline and have had good growth, and so we think we've got that
 figured out and worked through and part of it was related to exchange deep
 participation, so we've, I think we've worked our way through those issues.
 So government clearly is strong growth market.
 In the commercial market, underlying our results, if you pull out what happened with the exchanges,
 we've had strong growth, starting up for the first time in quite a while, and particularly
 around our small group AFA or Alternative Funding Arrangement Products and in our large
 group business.
 So, we feel good about the approach to our group market on the commercial side.
 More importantly though, I think as we see the evolution of this next step of health
 There is an opportunity for a retail market that is much more stable than the ACA has
 has been as a way for us to grow.
 And so we are actively engaged in those discussions
 understanding how we can preserve the good parts of the ACA, but also bring forward ideas
 around funding mechanisms that stabilize the market for all the people in it and encourage
 younger people to get in and more to come on that as we move ahead but we
 think that's a strong opportunity and could move retail market and health care much faster
 than even people assumed would happen with the Cadillac Tux.
 Yeah, the comment specifically was lower group insurance
 Operating earnings, not commercial group.
 I can let Karen comment a little bit
 about what's going on in that business is, quote,
 the early recovery of the 2018 HIF as we work that into pricing.
 So that's largely a commercial concept for 2017
 2017 because most of the government business is on a 1-1 so that's really what that represents
 No.
 No, I mean, we've largely in our bids, given where our margin profile is.
 Any relief, if you will, from the HIFRS for 17 has been largely incorporated into benefit
 design, I think you probably can see that to some extent in our strong growth in an individual,
 It's really not a meaningful margin concept for MA for us.
 What we said in the prepared remarks
 is that we anticipate after we settle, you know,
 termination and deal related expenses that we would have four billion of parent cash
 to deploy.
 is inclusive of some non-callable debt that we will bring above the line in that circumstance
 so there will be some added interest rate expense
 that comes with that, but $4 billion is the visual,
 Obviously, we had a very poor margin result in 16,
 And we anticipate, as I mentioned,
 that will continue to lose a meaningful amount in 17,
 but not as much.
 One way to think about that is if you looked at our earnings bridge and you
 thought about the 75 cents that's identified there for core growth and
 individual improvement, you know, somewhere in the ballpark of two-thirds of that is
 probably driven by the individual business, and that'll give you, you know, from a
 a $450 million loss, some sense of at least where we stand today for guidance purposes.
 The 12 group actually did improve, 16 actually versus 15.
 We definitely we actually saw favorability and commercial across all segments, but it was nice to see
 in small group.
 group.
 really a repositioning story as, you know, we continue to have some insured markets where
 to the ACA business is pressured.
 we will likely continue to lose membership
 in those markets in 2017, and as Mark alluded to,
 We have some alternate funding products
 that are selling in here, and those
 will have a bit of a difference.
 So at the end of the day, I don't think that small group itself is a big part of the earnings
 move from year to year.
 It continues to be a repositioning year for us
 for that segment.
 I mean, I think over time, that's certainly a possibility.
 I mean, we've always viewed this somewhat
 like a mid-single-digit, insured, sort of pretext margin business, and we clearly haven't
 been there. So I think over time, there is that potential, but as Mark alluded to, there's
 a lot that has to play out here in both individual and small group, I think, before we could,
 to take a lot of comfort that that's coming.
 Well, what I would say, and this will ultimately take greater shape and improve clarity as
 the quarter matures but you know generally as the year goes on we have good insight into
 the unit cost. So, you know, variations in trend tend to be, you know, updates on utilization.
 I know, for example, in the fourth quarter,
 We had a couple of good months anyway,
 pharmacy experience in the fourth quarter.
 but generally these will usually play out
 as improvements into the utilization baseline.
 The outlook is a fairly detailed process we go through,
 Sort of category by category looking at contracts looking at the trends
 that we see, and sometimes those end up with the same number, but the pathway there obviously
 that really looks different from year to year.
 I think, you know, we'd continue to assume
 that we see a modest uptick in trend from year to year as we have, and that's continued
 to be our go forward pricing position.