 Thanks, Doug.
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.
 Today, we announced 2016 earnings of $2.68 per share,
 compared to court earnings of $2.56 per share for 2015.
 Once again, we delivered another year of solid earnings growth,
 driven by the successful execution of our strategy.
 Marty will discuss the drivers of our 2016 earnings results in a few minutes.
 But first, I want to highlight some of the key actions we took to successfully execute
 our...
 and 2016 for the benefit of our customers and shareholders.
 Starting with our strategy to prudently invest in and operate our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks.
 We continue to allocate significant amounts of capital
 to those businesses that are supported by modern,
 instruct the regulatory frameworks for the benefit of our customers.
 In fact, we invested $2.1 billion in utility infrastructure last year, with two-thirds over
 $1.3 billion going to projects in the FERC-regulated elective
 transmission and Illinois-regulated electric and natural gas distribution businesses.
 A significant portion of the $1.3 billion was invested in the Illinois Rivers Project.
 a new high voltage transmission line, which will span 385 miles across the state of Illinois.
 This project remains on schedule for completion in 2019 with four of its nine line segments energized,
 including two river crossings and eight of ten substations now in service.
 This strategic allocation of capital and effective project execution, combined with discipline
 and cost management.
 meaningfully contributed to the solid financial results I just discussed.
 in Missouri in order to earn a fair return on our electric business, we found a rate
 review request in July with the Missouri Public Service Commission.
 We're seeking to recover costs related to infrastructure investments made for the benefit of customers
 and to remove the negative earnings effect of lower sales to the new Madrid smelter.
 There was a recent development in this weight review, now we'll provide an important update
 in a few minutes.
 moving down the page.
 Last year, we also continued to work to enhance our regulatory frameworks and advocate for
 responsible energy and economic policies.
 I am pleased to report that we made very good progress
 on the strategic focus area as well.
 Notably.
 Amon, Illinois successfully advocated for the recently enacted Future Energy Jobs Act,
 which improve the already constructive regulatory framework
 for our electric distribution business in Illinois.
 This law extends constructive formula rate making through 2022, enabling the continuation
 of our strong infrastructure investment plan to benefit our customers and the state of Illinois.
 It also meaningfully improved the regulatory framework for energy efficiency programs.
 The law allows us to capitalize and earn a fair return on our future energy efficiency
 expenditures, which will enable Amron, Illinois, to expand its energy efficiency programs for
 the benefit of our customers.
 Further, it provides revenue decoupling, eliminating potential sales margin erosion due to, among
 and other things, and is your efficiency.
 Finally, this law will help maintain and create new jobs in our service territory, and it
 contains strong consumer protections.
 Simply put, it was a win-win for all stakeholders in Illinois.
 Missouri, we continued our extensive efforts to enhance the state's regulatory framework
 for electric service in order to support investment
 and a smarter energy grid, and create jobs.
 A great deal of time and effort was spent working with key stakeholders after the 2016
 legislative session to discuss this important matter for the state of Missouri.
 I'll update you on our ongoing efforts in this area a bit later.
 The final element of our strategy calls for creating and capitalizing on opportunities
 for investment for the benefit of our customers and shareholders.
 As I just mentioned, the Illinois Energy legislation enacted in late 2016 enables expansion
 of energy efficiency programs, and allows Amron, Illinois, to capitalize and earn a
 a fair return on those investments.
 also.
 Public Service Commission approved two solar product programs that will provide clean energy
 choices for our customers and increased investment opportunities for Amron, Missouri, should these
 pilots prove successful and the programs be expanded.
 Finally, in September of last year, Air Missouri filed a plan with the Missouri P.S.C. for potential
 and criminal infrastructure investments of $1 billion, over a five-year period ending
 in 2022 that would benefit customers should these investments be enabled by an enhanced
 electric regulatory framework.
 The government of Missouri also identified additional potential
 and criminal infrastructure investments.
 over a 10-year period that would modernize its energy grid
 and facilitate the transition to a cleaner, more diverse generation portfolio for the
 long-term benefit of its customers and the state of Missouri.
 Learning out of page 5 and earning his guidance.
 First, I am pleased to inform you that we expect our 2017 earnings per share to be in
 a range of $2,065 to $2,085 per share.
 The midpoint of this guidance reflects strong earnings per share growth of approximately
 by 6.5% compared to whether normalized 2016 results.
 we'll provide you more details on this a bit later.
 Second, we remain on track to deliver strong long-term earnings growth and continue to expect
 earnings per share to grow at a 5% to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 through 2020 based on
 adjusted 2016 earners per share guidance midpoint of $2.63
 since we provided the year ago.
 We plan to deliver these earnings results in the future
 through the continued execution of our strategy in 2017 and beyond.
 Turning now to page 6, a key element of our strategy is to continue to advance our plan
 for investing in our utilities.
 and a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks.
 strong earnings growth outlook I just discussed is driven by our rate-based growth outlook.
 Today we are rolling forward our five-year investment plan and I'm pleased to say that we expect to grow rate-based at a strong 6%
 Compound annual rate over the 2016 to 2021 period.
 As you can see on the right side of this page,
 we continue to allocate greater levels of capital
 to those jurisdictions with constructive regulatory frameworks that support investment.
 Transmission projects are projected to increase
 to increase.
 FERC regulated rate base by 13% compounded annually over the 2016 through 2021 period.
 In addition, our investments in Illinois electric distribution
 and Illinois natural gas are expected to result in 9% compound annual rate-based growth for
 for each of these businesses for the same period.
 note that Energy Efficiency Investments made under the Illinois Future Energy Jobs Act
 are incorporated into this outlook.
 And finally, our Missouri rate base is expected to grow at a slower 2% compound annual rate.
 Of course, the expected Missouri rate-based growth rate
 could increase from this level if legislation is enacted.
 that sufficiently enhances the state's regulatory framework
 to support investment.
 Moving out of page 7, another key element of our strategy is to achieve a fair and balanced
 resolution to our pending Missouri elective rate review.
 pleased to report that as a result of extension of collaboration.
 All the major parties participating in this rate review.
 in Missouri, the staff of the Missouri Public Service Commission, the Office of Public Counsel,
 industrial consumer groups, and others, recently reached an agreement in principle on all the issues in this case.
 As a result, we expect the stipulation and agreement signed by these parties, and possibly
 others.
 to be filed with the Missouri Public Service Commission very soon, with a request that
 the agreement be approved by the Commission.
 At this point, the agreement in principle is considered
 confidential.
 However, I would note that the earnings guidance we have provided today is consistent with
 this terms.
 into page eight of the presentation.
 and Hanson's Missouri's Electric Regulatory Framework.
 It means a key strategic focus because we strongly believe it would bring significant
 long-term benefits to our customers in the entire state of Missouri, consistent with
 the benefits we have seen in Illinois and around the country.
 modernized policies to support energy infrastructure investments will lead to a more reliable and
 a smarter energy grid.
 facilitate the transition to a cleaner and more diverse generation portfolio.
 Provide greater tools for customers to manage their future energy usage.
 Position us to meet our customers' rising energy needs and expectations and create
 significant quality jobs for Missouri.
 With these benefits in mind, in December 2016, Senate Bill 190, the Missouri Economic Development
 An Infrastructure Investment Act was filed.
 This slide outlines the key provisions of the bill.
 Summary.
 on the bill 190 with the implement important.
 regulatory reforms, which would drive significant infrastructure
 investments and results and the benefits I just described.
 In addition, this legislation contains robust consumer protections, including strong oversight
 by the Missouri Public Service Commission.
 And finally, Senate Bill 190 includes forward-thinking economic development provisions for our larger
 energy consumers, which in turn would help create good quality jobs.
 I would note that an enactment of this legislation in its current form would support Amon, Missouri's
 ability to execute on $1 billion of incremental infrastructure investment over five years.
 years.
 Consistent with this finding with the Missouri Public Service Commission last fall.
 along with all the other Missouri investor-owned electric utilities,
 have continued to actively engage in discussions with customers, legislators, state officials,
 other stakeholders to build support for this important legislation and please
 Please report that Senate Bill 190 was approved by the Senate Commerce Committee last week
 by a bipartisan 8-to-1 vote is now headed to the full Senate for consideration.
 While good progress is made on Senate Bill 190 to date, we are still very early in the legislative process.
 Keep in mind that the legislative session ends on May 12th.
 As we move through the session,
 we will continue our extensive outreach
 in collaboration with key stakeholders to move Missouri forward on this important energy
 and Economic Policy Initiative for the long-term benefit of our customers and the entire state
 in Missouri.
 Turning now to page nine of our presentation and a discussion of potential federal corporate income tax reform
 I'll begin by saying that Amherst supports thoughtful,
 comprehensive tax reform because we believe that lower corporate tax rates
 to drive economic growth and job creation.
 benefit in our customers, the communities we serve, and other key stakeholders.
 recognizing that we are still in the relatively early stages of the tax reform debate.
 We are focusing our advocacy efforts with some key principles in mind.
 We want to ensure that tax reform does not negatively impact our key stakeholders, notably
 our customers, as well as appropriately supports our industry's efforts to invest in our nation's
 critical energy infrastructure and in an affordable manner.
 With these principles in mind, this slide highlights key areas of focus for Amron in our industry.
 As I noted, it is still early in this debate, and there are many moving parts.
 We are also recognized that many of you are interested in what impact tax reform could
 have on Amron.
 It's now current assessment of preliminary tax reform proposals, aside from the expected
 one-time non-cash charge to write down certain about the per-tax assets, we do not believe
 this plan would impact our strong earnings growth guidance through 2020.
 money.
 money will address some of the underlying assumptions associated with our assessment in a few moments.
 Of course, I expect there will be several changes to the tax reform proposals between now and the end of the debate.
 That is why Amron, and many of my colleagues in the industry, will remain actively engaged
 with policy makers and key stakeholders
 in this important economic policy matter in the months ahead.
 Turning out of page 10, here you can see that our strategic and discipline allocation of capital
 capital is also being driven by our view that the energy grid will be increasingly more
 more important and valuable to our customers, the communities we serve, and our shareholders.
 We plan to continue to invest to modernize our electric and gas transmission and distribution
 operations to make them safer, smarter, and more resilient, as well as invest in smart
 and new technologies in order to meet our customers' future energy needs and expectations.
 The right side of this page shows that our allocation of capital is expected to grow
 these energy delivery businesses to nearly three-quarters of our rate base by the end
 at 2,021.
 As a result, our investment in coal and gas-fired generation is expected to decline to a combined
 15 percent of rate based by year in 2021.
 We're also advancing our efforts on innovative technologies to increase operating efficiencies.
 strengthen the energy grid and create innovative energy solutions for our customers.
 Further, we remain focused on transitioning our generation to a cleaner and more diverse
 portfolio in a responsible fashion.
 And this transition will continue beyond 2021 with the scheduled retirement of Meramex
 Cold Fire Energy Center in 2022.
 in addition.
 And we're in Missouri is developing its next
 ...
 20-year Integrated Resource Plan, which is scheduled to be filed with the Missouri
 P.S.C.
 And
 October 2017.
 In this plan, we will continue to appropriately balance our responsibilities to our customers
 and communities.
 environment and of course our shareholders.
 Moving to page 11, we anticipate that the execution of our strategy in 2017 and beyond
 not only brings superior value to our customers,
 but also to our shareholders to reiterate.
 We continue to expect earnings per share to grow at a 5% to 8% compound annual rate from
 2016 to 2020.
 based on the adjusted 2016 guidance midpoint we provided a year ago.
 Further, as I also discussed, we project rate-based growth of 6% compounded annually from 2016
 to 2021.
 We expect these growth rates to compare favorably with our regulated utility peers.
 Further, Ammon shares upper investors an attractive dividend.
 The annualized equivalent rate of $1.76 per share incorporates the October 2016 decision
 by the board of directors to increase the dividend
 for that third consecutive year.
 reflecting their continued confidence
 to outlook for our businesses in our long-term strategy.
 and we continue to expect our dividend payout ratio
 to range between 55% and 70% of annual earnings.
 course.
 dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things,
 earnings growth, cash flows, and economic and other business conditions.
 to summarize.
 of our strong weight base and earnings growth profile, combined with our solid dividend
 currently providing a yield of approximately 3.3% results
 an attractive total return opportunity for our shareholders compared to our regulated
 utility peers.
 We remain focused on executing our strategy, and I remain firmly convinced that doing so
 will deliver superior value to our shareholders, customers,
 and the communities we serve.
 Again, thank you all for joining us today.
 I'll now turn the call over to Martin.
 Yeah, the one billion of you know Brian, I think as we think about that you know extra billion obviously
 the, you know, we are, you know, pursuing changes in the Missouri framework that would
 allow us to actually move forward with those to the extent that we have the opportunity
 to make those investments for the benefit of customers.
 you know what we'll do, Brian, at that point,
 step back and look at our overall capital plan, assess and reassess what we've got
 in that plan and also step back and reassess our financing.
 So I think it's premature that we would need to issue any additional equity or that we
 would issue additional equity, we'll take a step back and look at our overall capital
 expenditure and financing plans.
 Of course, we do have a very strong balance sheet today, and we have very strong credit
 at metrics relative to our rating.
 So we'll assess all of those things as we move forward
 to the extent we have that opportunity.
 Brian, this is Warner.
 Yeah, a couple of comments.
 Yes, in December, three bills were filed, Senate Bill 190, which we spent most of our time on.
 But then there are two other bills, Senate Bill 214
 and Senate Bill 215.
 Senate Bill 214 really is very similar to the performance
 Right?
 was filed last year and the Senate Bill 215 is similar to I would say enabling language.
 right now and those in the industry is on Senate Bill 190. We believe when you learn
 you take all the stakeholder input that we have had since last session and even in this
 session that reflects many of the input that we've received from stakeholders and so that's
 That's our focal point now.
 Those are the two bills are still out there, but but we're focused on Senate Bill 190.
 And so, look, I'm going to turn it over to Michael Maine, who oversees our Missouri operations.
 Michael, you can comment a little bit about the process that the commission has gone through
 in the past and then sort of where we're at.
 Thank you.