 Greetings and welcome to Lea Corporation third quarter 2021 earnings results conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation.
 If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star zero
 on your telephone keypad.
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host,
 Mr. Michael Mason, Investor Relations.
 Thank you, you may begin.
 Thanks, Rob.
 Good morning and welcome to the Liat Corporation Investor Conference call to discuss the financial
 results for the 2021 third quarter.
 The company issued a press release today, Friday, November 12 at 8 a.m. Eastern, and
 and also filed its report with the SEC.
 The press release is posted on Leatt's website at www.leattcorp.com.
 This call is being broadcast live and may be accessed on the company's website.
 an audio replay of the call will be available for seven days
 may be accessed from North America by calling 1-844-512-2921 or 1-412-317-6671 for international
 The replay pin number is 137-24984.
 A replay of the webcast will be available immediately following this call
 and will continue for 30 days.
 Certain statements in this conference call may constitute forward-looking statements.
 results could differ materially from those discussed in this call.
 We have corporation does not undertake any obligation
 to update such statements made in this call.
 Please refer to the complete cautionary statement
 regarding forward-looking statements in today's press release dated November 12, 2021.
 The company will make a presentation on the quarterly results and then open the call to
 questions.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Sean McDonald, CEO of Leac Corporation.
 Sean, good afternoon to you and Cape Town.
 Good morning, and thank you, Mike, and thank you all for joining us today.
 On any every measure, the third quarter of 2021 was an absolutely remarkable quarter for
 Global revenues for the quarter increased by 94% over the 2023 quarter to $22.1 million.
 gross profit increased by 93% to $9.5 million and net income increased by staggering 166%
 to $4.3 million.
 Third quarter growth was led by an exceptionally strong increase in international revenues,
 which brews substantially to $17.8 million from $7.1 million for the 2023 quarter.
 As we successfully ship our highly anticipated 2022 line of products to our customers around
 world. Our global supply chain team and manufacturing partners have done incredibly well in a challenging
 and often dynamic environment
 to ensure that inventory is delivered and we believe
 that we are well positioned at this time
 to meet customer demand levels for the upcoming holiday shopping season.
 We have now achieved record-breaking quarterly revenue for five consecutive quarters, and
 year-over-year revenue growth for the large 14 reporters. We have successfully grown
 into a leading global consumer brand that is respected around the world for designing
 and engineering exceptional products for the sports industry.
 The third port of growth was impressive across our growing heterotocled foliar products.
 with a 6.6 million dollar increase in body on the cells,
 a $1.5 million increase in net break sales,
 The $1.5 million increase in the sale of other products,
 and accessories, and a $1.1 million increase in home sales.
 It's time to look in more detail.
 Our body armor products are comprised of a range of test protectors, body protectors
 best, back protectors, knee braces, knee and other gods, off-road motorcycle boots, and
 mountain biking shoes.
 The 114% increase in body armor revenue is attributable to a 101% increase in the volume
 of upper body protection sold during the period.
 This demand has resulted in significant restocking orders.
 It's encouraging cells in our growing footwear category of motorcycle boots and mountain
 like issues contributing to exceed our expectations.
 body armor accounted for 56% of 2021 third quarter revenue.
 We are very pleased with the performance of our neck brace products for the quarter as
 They continue to generate a higher gross margin than other product categories.
 We all who want to mump on Nick Bracess,
 continues to increase.
 Nick Brasile, the talented for 12% of 2021 Third Order revenue.
 Our other products, parts and accessories category are comprised of our goggles and hydration
 Thanks.
 parallel of jackets, pants, shorts and jerseys, as well as the off-the-market support items.
 The 47% increase is due to a 189% increase in the volume of mountain biking in off-road
 and off-road motor a carousel during the period.
 And the global consumer demand for our cutting-edge gear
 that continues to surge.
 to other products, sports, and accessories.
 for 21% of third quarter revenue.
 The 93% increase in helmet cells during the third quarter is primarily due to a 149% increase
 in the volume of our Innovative Award-winning MTB and Offroad Motorcycle Summit Lines, sold
 globally during the 2021 period.
 Home is accounted for 11% of our 2021 third quarter revenue and remain a key focus area for our company.
 While international revenues for the quarter grew substantially, revenues in the United States grew at a more marginal rate.
 This was due in part to temporary domestic port congestions and trucking delays caused causing
 and lag in the performance of domestic orders of our 2022 product line.
 Dealer and consumer demand for our products remains very strong in the US and we have
 able to deliver significant orders during the first half of the fourth quarter in time
 for the holiday shopping season.
 Our new warehouse in Reno, Nevada has three kinds of storage space for the California
 facility, which will enable us to fulfill a higher volume of orders, a key component
 about continued development in the U.S.
 collecting back from the headline financials,
 Those will revenues for the third quarter of 2021,
 2.
 23
 $3.1 million up to 94% compared to $11.4 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 Raise proper to the third quarter.
 increased to $9.5 million, up 93% compared to $4.9 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 The total operating expenses for the third quarter of 2021 increased to $3.8 million, up 54%
 to $2.9 million for the third quarter of 2020 due to increases in salaries, GNA costs and
 professional piece.
 and income from operations from the first quarter of 2020,
 increased to $5.8 million, up 170%, compared to $2.1 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 with net income for the third quarter coming in at $4.3 million or $0.79 per basic and $0.69
 to diluted shade.
 $166 per cent, compared to $1.6 million, or $0.50 per basic, and $0.27 per W to chair for
 of the third quarter, 2020.
 extraordinary third quarter added to what is already our strongest year ever.
 Global revenues for the first nine months of 2021 increased 91% to $49.3 million.
 Anything from here to there?
 increased by 211% to 8.8 million dollars.
 return on revenue of 18% and earnings of $1.61 per basic share.
 to the balance sheet. At September 50, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2.59
 million dollars.
 Our coverage ratio stands at 2 to 1, and we have no long term debt.
 We believe that our current cash and cash equivalent balances, along with net cash generated by operations,
 are sufficient to meet anticipated cash requirements for at least the next 12 months.
 have no plans for any major capital-intensive expenditures in the next 12 months, beyond
 investment in moulds and tuning to facilitate further expansion and refinement of our product
 Thank you very much.
 Have a good one.
 We believe that our performance for the third quarter demonstrates once again our ability
 to grow revenue, remain operationally efficient, and generate significant shareholder value.
 To summarize, global consumer spending, particularly on outdoor products like house, continues to
 grow as people participate in other activities that provide some escape from the restrictions
 of the COVID pandemic.
 This is a trend that we expect to continue.
 Global demand for exceptional heads to toe particular gear for off-road,
 and MTB riders continues to surge around the world.
 We see this through significant restocking orders that we are managing with our supply chain and
 and distribution partners worldwide.
 The sustained consumer demand along with recognition from the media of business partners and industry athletes
 continues to energize our entire team.
 While we still have a lot of work to do in order to differentiate our products, leverage
 our brand and manage our supply chain. We remain committed to excellence in all that
 We do.
 Our team is focused on increasing our market share and refining our already strong pipeline
 of innovative products that we believe will continue to attract athletes and consumers
 around the world.
 In conclusion, we continue to evolve the company and the brand through our consistent focus
 on developing a diverse line of products.
 our growing sales and marketing efforts, and the minimal resilience of our global supply
 Chang team during these unending times.
 We believe that we are well positioned to deliver an incredible financial performance in 2021 and beyond.
 And as always, I would like to thank our entire Viet family, our dedicated employees, business
 partners, and all of you who have been with us for a very long time.
 and team riders for their continued efforts and relentless support.
 And with that, I'd like to turn the call over for questions.
 Operator.
 Thank you.
 At this time, we'll be conducting a question and answer session.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation term will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 you may press star two if you'd like to remove your question from the queue.
 For a participant using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys.
 One moment please while we follow up your questions.
 Our first question comes from Chris Jarvis with Dunlap Equity.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, Sean.
 Congratulations on the exception.
 Thank you guys.
 Yeah, two questions. First one is you mentioned in your press release about being able to manage through supply chain issues
 obviously some product held up in the force, but what are you guys doing as a relatively
 small company in a large market.
 How have you been able to manage the supply chain, given that you've been manufacturing China?
 What have you guys done that's allowed you to execute so well?
 So I think there's really two big drives that we've focused on.
 First is just nurturing the relationships that we've had with some of our manufacturers
 They've been with her for a very long time now, and also with the tremendous growth that
 you've seen, you've really become a very important source of business for these manufacturers,
 We just placed this in the favorite position in terms of manufacturing space, so that's
 the one side of it, and then in terms of just the actual deliveries, getting stuck onto
 the water.
 I think there are
 .
 has always been very well positioned
 and for the kind of situation that we now see with COVID.
 We've got a solid supply chain set up actually in Asia.
 and with the limited travel that one can do now into Asia,
 that has really benefited us.
 So we drive a lot of our supply chains globally,
 Ricky inside Asia with people there that are focused on getting our inventory from the manufacturer
 to all of our customers around the world and I think that has really
 is the incorrect strength class in these difficult times.
 Okay, so these aren't just regular brokers
 that anybody is using and are, you know, these are people.
 So we are?
 Beautiful of focusing only at
 24 hours a day.
 Okay, that's great
 It's a kind of higher level question.
 recent interviews with manufacturers of the e-bikes have said that, you know, they've
 They've got, their products are sold out for the next year.
 They've got two years of capacity sold through the channel already.
 They're just waiting to fulfill over time.
 And so that market has grown dramatically.
 As I think about that market, I think about the different types of people that would use
 that it allows to enter the market, you know, kids, older people, people that
 historically aren't your, you know, 25-year-old bike or bombing down the mountain.
 So, yeah, if that is correct in expanding to that market, I would think that those people
 are more interested in your types of products.
 innovative safety first kind of products.
 What have you seen and is that correct?
 What are e-bikes doing to the general MTB market?
 I mean, there's obviously the different segments in the e-mountain biking marketplace and
 and sorry in the e-bike marketplace and e-mountain biking is a very very strong segment
 And that has definitely benefited us in terms of consumer demand.
 because we do sell products that are protected.
 You've got a lot of new entrants that are only able really to enter the market because
 of the fact that these are electrified bicycles, so they get to really experience some things
 that they never would have experienced if it was not an e-bike, if it was a general bicycle.
 And, you know, that has really benefited us because these are the kinds of people, you
 You know, either the gear is being bought by parents or youngsters that are getting onto these bikes.
 Or, you know, the less capable, maybe slightly older people that have now gained access to
 to cycling as a sport and can get to some great places and potentially some really
 the interest places actually. They are obviously very concerned about getting back to work
 on Monday.
 So for those people, the lead line of protection, and particularly the body armor, the surge
 if you see the body on the demand, I believe that the e-bike, e-mountain biking market
 has been one of the drivers, you know, around that surge of demand that we see. And, you
 You know, we do have products, some products that we have not sort of labelling as very
 specific to e-mountain biking that the vast majority of our body armor is absolutely
 be perfect for an e-mart and bike rider, which is great news because we actually have the
 products really onsite, you know, to sell to these people, so that has certainly benefited us.
 Okay, fantastic, so thank you and best of luck in the Q4 season.
 Thanks very much Chris, chat to you.
 Our next question is from Christopher Muller with a private investor.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Right.
 Sean, congrats to you and the team on a continued success.
 Thanks very much, Chris.
 I'll see you from here.
 All right.
 Have fun.
 I'll be right back.
 Thank you for watching.
 First of all, just follow up on the supply chain.
 Besides the container delays to the U.S., are you seeing any challenges there, whether
 the factory shutdowns or material shortages or such that would impact your product availability
 or growth plan over the next few quarters.
 We haven't seen anything major in terms of raw material shortages.
 Some of the factors that we work with have had temporary electrical shutdowns, but those
 short-term. So most of the kind of slow down manufacturing has been very short-term in
 nature and I don't see affecting our ability to supply it over the next several quarters.
 Yes, that's crazy here and unless you spoke you were just about to begin shipping out of Reno
 How is that progressing?
 That's progressing.
 Is that all scaled up now in Q4?
 This is great news.
 We are shipping only out of Reno now, not shipping anything out of Santa Clarita anymore.
 Renault is now fully operational. We've been able to get some really good warehouse specific specialized warehouse stuff in Renault
 And we really are seeing and experiencing a great increase in our ability to fulfill orders quickly.
 are there, you know, we're out as a fully operational and going really, um, going to
 So that's great news.
 Yeah, great news indeed.
 Any significant changes in distributors or e-commerce retailers this year?
 Are you still finding expanded reach, particularly in the more mainstream trail riding market
 on the mountain back side.
 I think that's been something which has also been a key drive of our growth over the last
 several courses is just our relationships that we both
 with some of our e-commerce.
 We really have been able to reach a much wider audience, not only limited by where the distributor
 have a strength. They actually are a lot closer to the end consumer and I think that's part
 reason why we've seen some some great demand for our products just getting
 once they're closer to the end-consume, but still selling, obviously, through our deal
 And I noticed the Modo and the bike neck creases were consolidated into a single line this year.
 Besides the obvious benefits, maybe a reduced inventory and a greater selection of colors
 for both markets.
 Are there any other considerations or factors around that change?
 Sorry, could you repeat that?
 I didn't fully understand that.
 So could you just repeat that?
 I'll repeat.
 The Moto and the Bison X Brace lines look like they were consolidated into a single line
 you no longer have designations on the two different products.
 And I was just wondering what factors went into that change and what are your expectations
 from that.
 Yeah, so I mean, I think there's a couple of things that obviously can into that.
 I mean, I think the biggest reason is just that there's very little differentiation actually
 between those two product lines and we want it to be authentic in terms of our product
 offering to the one angle.
 And then the other part of it is just in terms of the manufacturing efficiency perspective.
 we didn't feel that having separate lines was going to change anything in terms of consumer
 demand, it certainly hasn't.
 and also it obviously makes it a lot more effective
 from a manufacturing perspective.
 So, with demand increasing, you know, we took the opportunity to consolidate these just a little bit.
 And I think that's going to work out quite well for us.
 Thank you.
 All right, well, that's all the questions I have for you.
 So I just wanted to give a shout out to your design team on a very impressive 2022 line.
 Thanks again, Sean. I'm Charles Upton.
 Thanks for watching. Cheers.
 Our next question comes from Olivia Colombo, a private investor.
 Have you heard me?
 I don't know if you're here.
 Thank you very much.
 I love you.
 That's perfect. Thank you, Machia. Congratulations on this incredible Q3 report.
 What is also remarkable is this quarter alone is 10% higher than your full sales in 2017.
 So I think this is quite an achievement.
 I have three.
 That's a nice statistic.
 Thanks a lot.
 You know I like statistics.
 My first question is, like most of the outdoors brands that I've reported so far,
 And most of them have mentioned the slippage of some of their Q3 products into the next
 I guess this is the same for you.
 Is it possible for you to potentially quantify it, eventually, percentage-wise?
 Is it 10%, 15%, 20%, do you think?
 I think what I would say is we probably lost a good 20% of sales in the US because of the lag
 And probably about 10% of sales, I wouldn't say lost.
 I mean, I mean, we didn't lose them.
 We're still going to deliver the inventory because it's all on back order, probably about 10%
 on the international side, that we're going to see forwarding now into Q4, where he started
 shipping a lot of that out of the US where else because that stock has now all arrived
 is now moving through the network.
 So about 20% in the US and about 10% international.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is regarding the professional fees, which were up 182% during the quarter
 due to increase in product liability litigation settlement.
 I guess this is probably a one-time event and that should not repeat in the coming quarters.
 Yes, that is correct.
 So there was a settlement of one of our trials and we should not see that, we certainly don't
 We don't know of any other areas where we are all litigating now, we can expect any
 settlement like that. So in Q4, I definitely do not expect to see anything like that. And
 I'm going to see you there, oh no, so the trial has come up.
 That's perfect. Yeah, we all hope so
 And then my final question would be on your new sustainability line that you are launching
 of the 2022. I would just like to know how long have you been working on this line and
 what has been the market reception to something
 that I think is incredibly innovative and looks very cool.
 First of all, thank you, Olivia.
 We've been working on this for about three years now, you know, just planning how we're
 But of course, at the moment, it is a few products that are in the line, and at the
 time we hope to, we obviously hope to grow that line of products and, you know, just
 become more sustainable. It's something that we do take very seriously at Lear to realize
 We've all got a responsibility towards sustainability and becoming more eco-friendly.
 So step by step, we are, you know, working on increasing that, taking about three years
 to get to where we are, but of course now, you know, we do have the technology, we have
 We have the capabilities, we have the suppliers, and I often expand this, and I often have
 on expanding it quite quickly.
 Thank you.
 Also now, full eco-packaging, so all the packaging that we're seeing around the world
 now is fully eco-friendly using things like soya ink and products that are not harmful
 to the environment.
 You haven't been working on this for about two years now and that's been a huge change
 for us of course.
 that we've done in order to put that in place,
 And we are relieved that we are in a position where we can say that all of our packaging
 that is eco-friendly.
 Do you think this eco-packaging is a higher cost for you or does it lower your cost on
 the packaging in general.
 We're talking packaging.
 in general.
 Yes, just that.
 So, I mean,
 you
 Yeah, you know, so it's pretty much break even there might be a slight on some areas might be a slight increase
 in cost, but generally when you go down the eco road, you do see some cost increases, but
 then things...
 you know, there's less colors, there's less...
 You learn the different materials, which decrease your cost.
 So it's pretty much right even, maybe slightly higher in some areas.
 Okay, that's perfect.
 Of course, if you're talking about, yes.
 No, please, please go on, sir.
 I was just going to say that if you're talking on the product side with the sustainable materials
 that we are using in the product side.
 Those are a bit more expensive, but some consumers are willing to pay a bit of a premium knowing
 that they're using materials that are cutting edge like this.
 That's good.
 Okay, so thank you very much for taking my questions today
 and congratulations once more on the great work
 and looking forward for the rest of the year.
 Thank you Olivier, it was a pleasure hearing from you.
 We have reached the end of the question and answer session.
 I'd now like to turn the call back over to Sean McDonald for closing comments.
 Thank you all for joining us today.
 We look forward to speaking with you about our 2021 year of the year performance in the spring.
 This includes today's conference.
 you may disconnect your lines at this time
 and have a wonderful day.