 Greetings and welcome to Lea Corporation third quarter 2021 earnings results conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.
 If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star zero on your telephone keypad.
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Mason, Investor Relations.
 Thank you.
 you may begin.
 Thanks, Rob.
 Good morning and welcome to the LIAT Corporation Investor Conference Call
 to discuss the financial results for the 2021 third quarter.
 The company issued a press release today, Friday, November 12, at 8 a.m. Eastern,
 and also filed its report with the SEC.
 The press release is posted on Liette's website at www.liettecorp.com.
 This call is being broadcast live and may be accessed on the company's website.
 An audio replay of the call will be available for seven days
 and may be accessed from North America by calling 1-844-512-2921
 or 1-412-317-6671 for international callers.
 The replay pin number is 1-3-7-2-4-9-8-4.
 A replay of the webcast will be available immediately following this call
 and we'll continue for 30 days.
 Certain statements in this conference call may constitute forward-looking statements.
 Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in this call.
 Liette Corporation does not undertake any obligation to update such statements made in this call.
 Please refer to the complete cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements in today's
 Press release date is November 12, 2021.
 The company will make a presentation on the quarterly results and then open the call to questions.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Sean McDonald, CEO of LEAC Corporation.
 Sean, good afternoon to you in Cape Town.
 Good morning, and thank you, Mike, and thank you all for joining us today.
 By nearly every measure, the third quarter of 2021 was an absolutely remarkable quarter for Lyon.
 Global revenues for the quarter increased by 94% over the 2020 third quarter to $22.1 million.
 gross profit
 increased by 93% to $9.5 million
 dollars and net income
 increase by staggering
 166% to $4.3 million.
 dollars.
 This quarter of right was late.
 growth was led by an exceptionally strong
 increase in international
 revenues, which grew
 substantially
 to $17.8 million
 dollars from 7.1 million dollars for the 2020
 in the third quarter.
 as we successfully shipped our highly anticipated
 2022 line of products to our customers around the world.
 Our global supply chain team and manufacturing partners
 have done incredibly well in a challenging and often dynamic environment to ensure that
 inventory is delivered, and we believe that we are well positioned at this time to meet
 customer demand levels
 for the upcoming holiday shopping season.
 We have now achieved record-breaking quarterly revenue
 for five consecutive quarters.
 and year-over-year revenue growth for the last 14 quarters.
 We are successfully growing Liat into a leading global consumer brand that is respected around
 the world for designing and engineering exceptional products for the sports industry.
 industry.
 third quarter growth was impressive across our growing head-to-toe portfolio of products.
 With a $6.6 million increase in body armor cells,
 a $1.5 million increase in neck brace sales,
 A $1.5 million increase in the sale of other products, parts, and accessories, and a $1.1
 million dollar increase in helmet sales let's take a look in more detail
 Our body on the products are comprised of a range of chest protectors, body protectors
 isn't this?
 back protectors, knee braces, knee and elbow guards
 off-road motorcycle boots
 and mountain biking shoes.
 The 114% increase in body-on-the-revenue
 is attributable to a 101% increase in the volume
 of upper body protection sold during the period.
 This demand has resulted in significant restuffing orders, with encouraging sales of our growing
 footwear category of motorcycle boots and mountain biking shoes contributing to exceed
 with our expectations.
 body armor accounted for 56% of 2021 third quarter revenue.
 We are very pleased with the performance of our neck brace products for the quarter
 as they continue to generate a higher gross margin
 and our other product categories.
 All the way to my empire neck braces continues to increase.
 Neck brace sales accounted for 12% of 2021 30-4-2 revenue.
 our other top products
 Pulse and Accessories category are comprised of our goggles and hydration bags, our apparel
 line of jackets, pants, shorts, and jerseys, as well as our aftermarket support items.
 The 47% increase is due to a 189% increase in the volume of mountain biking and off-road
 and operate
 MOTO apparel sold during the period.
 of the global consumer demand
 for our cutting-edge gear continues to surge.
 for other products, spots, and accessories.
 This category accounted for 21% of third quarter revenue.
 the 93
 The 3% increase in helmet sales during the third quarter is primarily due to a hundred
 149% increase in the volume
 of an innovative, award-winning,
 MTB and off-road motorcycle helmet lines
 sold globally during the 2021 period.
 Helmets accounted for 11% of our 2021 third quarter revenue and remain a key focus area
 for our company.
 While international revenues for the quarter grew
 substantially, revenues in the United States grew at a more marginal rate.
 This was due in part to temporary domestic port congestions and tracking delays causing
 a lag in the performance
 of domestic orders
 of our 2022 product line.
 Dealer and consumer demand for our products remains very strong in the U.S.
 and we have been able to deliver significant orders during the first half of the fourth quarter.
 in time for the holiday shopping season.
 Our new warehouse in Reno, Nevada has three times the storage space of our California
 facility, which will enable us
 a higher volume of orders
 a key component of our continued
 development in the U.S.
 Reflecting back on the headline financials, total revenues for the third quarter of 2021
 increased to $22.1 million, up 94% compared to $11.4 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 Gross profits for the third quarter increased to
 $9.5 million
 dollars at 93% compared to $4.9 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 total operating expenses
 for the third quarter of 2021 increased to $3.8 million,
 up 54% compared to $2.9 million
 for the third quarter of 2020
 due to increases in salaries, G&A costs, and professional fees.
 And income from operations for the first quarter of 2020 increased to $5.8 million, up 170%
 compared to $2.1 million for the third quarter 2020, with net income for the third quarter
 in at $4.3 million
 or 79 cents
 per basic
 and 69 cents
 per dilute a chain, up
 166% compared to
 1.6 million dollars
 or
 306.
 per basic and
 and $0.27 per W to chair for the third quarter of 2020.
 the extraordinary third quarter
 added to what is already
 our strongest year ever.
 global revenues
 for the first nine months of 2021 increased 91% to $49.3 million.
 dollars. Net income yesterday
 increased by 251% to $8.8 million.
 A return on revenue of 18% and earnings of $1.61 per basic share.
 Turning to the balance sheet, at September 30, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents
 of $2.59 million.
 condolence.
 I'll cut it right here.
 standard two to one and we have no long-term debt. We believe that our
 parents cash and cash equivalent balances
 along with netcast generated by operations
 are sufficient to meet anticipated cash requirements for at least the next 12 months.
 We have no plans for any major capital-intensive expenditures in the next 12 months beyond
 investment in moulds and tooling to facilitate further expansion and refinement of our product
 categories.
 We believe that our performance for the third quarter demonstrates once again our ability
 to grow revenue
 remain operationally efficient and generate significant shareholder value.
 To summarize, global consumer spending, particularly on outdoor products like ours, continues to grow.
 as people participate in auto-activities
 that provide some escape from the restrictions
 of the COVID pandemic.
 This is a trend that we expect to continue.
 Global demand for our exceptional head-to-tow protective gear for off-road motorcycle and MTB riders continues to surge around the world.
 We see this through significant restocking orders that we are managing with our supply
 chain and distribution partners worldwide.
 This sustained consumer demand, along with recognition from the media, our business partners, and industry athletes, continues to energize our entire team.
 While we still have a lot of work to do
 in order to differentiate our products,
 leverage our brand, and manage our supply chain,
 we remain committed to excellence in all that we do.
 Our team is focused on increasing our market share and refining our already strong pipeline
 of innovative products
 and we believe it will continue to attract
 assets and consumers around the world.
 In conclusion, we continue to evolve the company and the brand
 through our consistent focus on developing a diverse line of products.
 our growing sales and marketing efforts, and the nimble resilience of our global supply
 chain team during these
 on them at times.
 We believe that we are...
 We are well-positioned to deliver an incredible financial performance in 2021 and beyond.
 We'd like to thank our entire Liat family, our dedicated employees, business partners
 and team writers
 for their
 continued efforts and relentless
 of support.
 And with that, I'd like to turn the call over for questions.
 Operate that.
 Thank you.
 At this time, we'll be conducting a question and answer session.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation term will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star 2 if you'd like to remove your question from the queue.
 For a participant who uses speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset
 before pressing the star keys.
 One moment, please, while we follow for questions.
 My first question comes from Chris Jarris with Dunlap Equity.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, Sean.
 Thank you.
 on an exceptional point.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, sir.
 I just want to ask.
 Yeah, two questions.
 First one is, you mentioned in your press release about being able to manage through supply chain issues.
 obviously some product held up in the force but what what are you guys doing as a relatively small
 company in a large market, how have
 you been able to manage the supply chain
 I mean, given that you've been manufacturing China,
 what have you guys done that's allowed you to execute so well?
 So I think we've,
 there's really two big drives
 that we've focused on.
 The first is just nurturing the relationships that we've had with some of our manufacturers
 that we've been with
 for a very long time now
 and also with the tremendous growth that we've seen,
 And we've really become a very important source of business for these manufacturers, which
 is placed within a favorable position in terms of manufacturing space, so that's the one
 side of it.
 In terms of just the actual deliveries, getting stock onto the water, I think Lear has always
 been very well positioned
 and for the kind of situation
 that we now see with COVID.
 We've got a solid supply chain set up actually in Asia
 and with the limited travel that one can do now into Asia,
 So that has really benefited us.
 So we drive a lot of our supply chain globally directly inside Asia
 with people there that are focused on getting our inventory
 from the manufacturer to all of our customers around the world.
 And I think that has really been a great strength for us in these difficult times.
 Okay, so these aren't just regular brokers that anybody is using and are, you know, these are people...
 I'm not.
 I'm specific to Liat.
 these people are focusing on years
 24 hours a day.
 Okay, that's great.
 Second question, kind of a higher-level question.
 recent interviews with manufacturers
 of the e-bikes have said
 that their products are sold out for the next year.
 They've got two years of capacity sold through the channel already.
 They're just waiting to fulfill over time.
 And so that market has grown dramatically.
 As I think about that market, I think about the different types of people that would use that,
 that allows us to enter the market, you know, kids, older people,
 people that historically aren't your, you know, 25-year-old biker bombing down the mountain.
 So if that is correct in expanding to that market, I would think that those people are more interested in your types of products, innovative, safety-first kinds of products.
 What have you seen, and is that correct?
 and what are e-bikes doing to the general MPV market?
 Absolutely.
 I mean, obviously, there's different segments in the e-mountain biking marketplace.
 and, sorry, in the e-bike marketplace
 And e-mountain biking is a very, very strong segment.
 and that has definitely benefited us in terms of consumer demand
 because we do sell products that are protective.
 you've got a lot of new entrants
 that are only able really to enter this market
 you know, because of the fact that these are electrified bicycles,
 so they get to really experience
 some things that they never would have experienced
 if it was not
 and we like it
 which was a general bicycle.
 And, you know, that has really benefited us
 because these are the kinds of people, you know,
 either
 the
 giving both our parents,
 for youngsters that are getting onto these bikes,
 Or, you know, the less capable, maybe slightly older people that have now gained access to
 the internet.
 as a sport and can get to some great places
 potentially some really dangerous places, actually.
 you know they are obviously
 be very concerned about getting back to work on Monday.
 And so for those people, the Liat Line of Protection and particularly the body armor,
 in the search if you've seen body on the demand
 I believe that the e-mountain biking market has been one of the drivers, you know, around that surge in demand that we see.
 And, you know, we do have products, some products that we have now started labeling as very specific to e-mountain biking.
 that the vast majority of our body
 armor is absolutely perfect for an e-mountain bike rider, which is great news because we
 actually have
 the products
 ready
 on site, you know, to sell to these people.
 So that has certainly benefited us.
 Okay.
 Fantastic.
 Thank you, and best of luck in the Q4 season.
 Thanks very much, Chris.
 We'll chat soon.
 Our next question is from Christopher Muller with A Private Investor.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Yes.
 and congrats to you and the team on the continued success.
 Thanks very much, Chris.
 Nice to hear from you.
 Thank you.
 I have maybe three questions for you today.
 All right.
 just to follow up on the supply chain.
 Besides the container delays to the U.S., are you seeing any challenges there,
 whether it be factory shutdowns or material shortages or such that would impact your product availability
 or a growth plan over the next few quarters?
 We haven't seen anything major in terms of raw material shortages.
 Some of the factories that we work with have had temporary electrical shutdowns,
 but those are short-term.
 so most of the
 kind of slow down
 manufacturing has been very short term
 in nature and I don't see a
 affecting our ability to supply over the next several quarters.
 It's great to hear.
 and last we spoke
 you were just about to begin shipping out
 of Reno.
 You know, how is that progressing?
 Is that all scaled up now in Q4?
 So it's great news.
 we are
 Shipping only out of Reno now.
 I'm not shipping anything out of Santa Clarita anymore.
 Reno is now fully operational.
 We've been able to get some really good warehouse-specific, specialized warehouse staff in Reno,
 and we all
 We really are seeing and experiencing a great increase in our ability to fulfill orders
 quickly
 are there
 We're out, as I say, fully operational and going really guns and blazing out of there.
 So that's great news.
 Yeah, great news indeed.
 any significant changes in distributors
 or e-commerce retailers this year
 are you still finding
 expanded reach, particularly in the more
 mainstream
 trail riding market
 on the mountain bike side?
 Thank you.
 That's been something which has also been a key driver
 Thank you.
 Over the last several quarters, it's just our relationships that we built with some of
 our e-commerce dealers that we now are dealing with directly, you know, we really have been
 able to reach a much wider wider audience.
 not only limited by
 you know, where the distributor has a strength,
 We actually are a lot closer to the end consumer, and I think that's part of the reason why
 we've seen some great demand for our products,
 just getting that once they're closer to the end consumer
 but still selling obviously through our dealer partners.
 And I noticed the moto and the bike neck races were consolidated into a single line this year.
 Besides the obvious benefits, maybe a reduced inventory and a greater selection of colors
 for both markets? Were there any
 other considerations or factors around
 that change?
 Sorry, could you repeat that?
 I didn't fully understand that.
 So could you just repeat that?
 Yeah.
 Yes, the moto and the bike next race lines look like they were consolidated into a single line this year.
 you no longer have
 designations on the two different
 products and I was just wondering what factors
 went into that change
 And what are your expectations from that?
 Yes.
 So, I mean, I think that, you know, there's a couple of things that obviously came into that.
 I mean, I think the biggest reason is just that there's very little differentiation, actually, between those two product lines.
 We want it to be authentic in terms of our product offering, so that's the one angle.
 And then the other side of it is just in terms of the manufacturing efficiency perspective.
 and we didn't feel that having
 separate lines was going to change anything in terms of consumer demand.
 it certainly hasn't
 and also
 So it obviously makes things a lot more effective from a manufacturing perspective.
 so with demand
 increasing, you know, we took the opportunity
 to consolidate things just a little bit.
 And I think that's going to work out quite well for us.
 All right, well, that's all the questions I had for you.
 I also just wanted to give a shout-out to your design team on a very impressive 2022 line.
 So thanks again, Sean.
 on Sheryl Dofton.
 Thanks, Chris.
 for a chat scene.
 Cheers.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Olivia Colombo, a private investor.
 Thank you very much.
 How did you hear me?
 Hi, Olivier.
 Yes, I can hear you.
 Hello, Olivier.
 Yeah, that's perfect.
 Thank you, my dear.
 Congratulations on this incredible Q3 report.
 What is also remarkable is this quarter alone is 10% higher than your full sales in 2017.
 so I think this is quite an achievement
 I have to
 That's a nice statistic
 Thank you.
 My pleasure.
 You know I like statistics.
 my first question is
 Like most of the outdoors brands that I've reported so far, most of them have mentioned
 the slippage of some of their Q3
 products into the next quarter.
 I guess this is the same for you.
 Is it possible for you to potentially quantify it, eventually percentage-wise?
 Is it 10%, 15%, 20%?
 What do you think?
 I think what I would say is that we probably lost a good 20% of sales in the U.S. because
 of the leg
 and probably
 about 10% of sales, I'm going to say lost, I mean, we didn't lose them, we're still going
 deliver the inventory
 because it's all on that board.
 We're probably about 10% on the international side
 that we're going to see falling now into Q4.
 I've already started shipping a lot of that out of the U.S. warehouse
 because that stock has now all arrived
 and is now moving through the network.
 So about 20% in the U.S. and about 10% international.
 Okay, perfect.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is regarding the professional fees, which were up 182% during the quarter due to increase in product liability litigation settlement.
 I guess this is probably a one-time event, and that should not repeat in the coming quarters.
 Yes, that is correct.
 Okay, so that was a settlement of one of our trials, and we should not see that, we certainly
 know of any other areas where we are litigating now, where we can expect any
 resettlement like that.
 In Q4, I definitely do not expect to see anything like that and hopefully there are no further
 all of us come up.
 that's perfect yeah we all hope so and then my my final question would be
 on your new sustainability line
 that you are launching in 2022.
 I would just like to know
 how long have you been working on this line
 and what has been the market reception to something that I think is incredibly innovative and looks very cool.
 Thank you.
 Well, firstly, thank you, Olivier.
 We've been working on it for about three years now, you know, just planning how we're going to release it.
 Of course, you know, at the moment, it is a few products that are in the line.
 and have a time we hope to,
 We obviously hope to grow that line of products and, you know, just to become more sustainable.
 is something that we do take very seriously at Lear
 we realize
 that we've all got a responsibility
 towards sustainability
 and becoming more eco-friendly.
 So step-by-step, we are working on increasing that.
 It's taken about three years to get to where we are, but of course now, you know, we do
 We have the technology.
 We have the capabilities.
 we have the suppliers
 we're able to
 We expand this.
 And we are planning on expanding it quite quickly.
 We also now have full eco-packaging, so all of the packaging that we're sending around
 the world now is fully eco-friendly using things like soya ink and products that are
 are not harmful to the environment.
 So that is the effort we've been working on.
 We've lost for about two years now, and that's been a huge change for us, of course.
 that we've done in order to put them in place,
 we are relieved that we are not in a position
 where we can say that all of our packaging is eco-friendly.
 do you think
 this eco-packaging
 is a higher cost for you
 or does it lower your costs on the packaging in general?
 We're talking packaging.
 Packaging in general.
 Yes, just packaging.
 So, I mean, yeah, you know, so it's pretty much break-even.
 There might be a slight, in some areas, there might be a slight increase in cost, but generally
 when you go down the eco-road
 you do see some
 cost increases
 but then
 things become
 you know
 there's less colors, there's less,
 you learn
 that to say
 materials.
 which decrease your costs.
 So it's pretty much break-even, maybe slightly higher in some areas.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 We're talking about...
 Thank you.
 Please go on.
 I was just going to say that if you're talking about on the product side with the sustainable
 materials that we are using on the product site, those are a bit more expensive, but
 You know, consumers, some consumers are willing to pay a bit of a premium
 knowing that they're using materials
 that are cutting edge like that.
 That's great.
 Okay, so thank you very much for taking my questions today,
 and congratulations once more
 on the great work
 and looking forward for the rest of the year.
 Thank you, Olivier.
 It's always a pleasure hearing you.
 Thank you.
 from you.
 We have reached the end of the question and answer session.
 I'd now like to turn the call back over to Sean McDonald for closing comments.
 Thank you all for joining us today.
 Look forward to speaking with you about our 2021 year-over-year performance in the spring.
 This concludes today's conference.
 You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.