 Good day, and welcome to the Healthcare Realty Trust Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call.
 All participants will be in a listen-only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero.
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Please note that this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Todd Meredith.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you, Chuck.
 Joining me on the call this morning are Carla Baca, Bethany Mancini, Rob Hull, and Chris Douglas.
 Ms. Baca, if you could now read the disclaimer.
 except for the historical information contained within
 the matters discussed in this call may contain forward-looking statements
 that involve estimates, assumptions, risk, and uncertainties.
 These risks are more specifically discussed in a Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year-ended December 31, 2019, and in subsequently filed Form 10-Q.
 These forward-looking statements represent the company's judgment
 as of the date of this call.
 The company disclaims any obligation to update this forward-looking material.
 The matters discussed in this call may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures,
 such as funds from operation, FFO, normalized FFO, FFO per share, normalized FFO per share,
 Funds Available for Distribution, BAD, Net Operating Income, NOI, EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA.
 A reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures may
 be found in the company's earnings press release for the second quarter ended June 30,
 of 2020.
 the company's earnings press release
 Supplemental information forms 10Q and 10K are available on the company's website.
 Don?
 Thank you, Carla.
 First, I'd like to offer our best wishes to everyone
 as we approach five months since the start of the pandemic.
 We are encouraged by the positive signs of recovery in the healthcare space
 and grateful for those who've worked tirelessly throughout this pandemic,
 including our tenants and partners.
 They have demonstrated extraordinary resilience, well beyond what we anticipated.
 We expect we will continue to contend with COVID-19 as it ebbs and flows.
 What's encouraging is the progress of better treatments and promising vaccine developments.
 Moderna, Pfizer, AstraZeneca, and many others are reporting positive results from fast-tracked
 clinical trials.
 Many expect a successful vaccine in 2020 with widespread availability next year.
 Public health officials are also taking a much more targeted approach to addressing
 the health of the government.
 spots, which is allowing healthcare
 services to remain open.
 Across the country, we are seeing physicians ramp up their volumes quickly, now approaching pre-COVID levels.
 They are experiencing heightened demand for delayed care.
 Providers are balancing the delivery of much-needed care with safety precautions,
 and they have gained valuable experience in treating their COVID patients.
 As a result, we are not seeing the use of lengthy or widespread bans on elective procedures.
 Several publicly traded national health care companies, including HCA, Surgery Partners, and Tenet,
 have recently reported steady improvements in volumes throughout May, June, and July.
 Likewise, we have seen tenant utilization in our buildings rebound
 to nearly 90% of pre-COVID levels.
 It does vary geographically somewhat from a low of 75% in Washington, D.C. to 100% here in Nashville.
 Ten at work order requests are now running at pre-COVID levels.
 and leasing momentum has also rebounded.
 Tours with prospective tenants, which dipped below 50% of typical volumes in April, are now running well above average.
 Rent collection stands at 97% for the second quarter, as well as July.
 New deferral requests have fallen to nearly zero in the last 30 days.
 and over half of deferrals granted during the second quarter
 were repaid early, which is very encouraging.
 Forgivable PPP loans kicked in as designed for payroll, rent, and utilities.
 The health care sector received more than 12% of all PPP loans, of which the biggest
 recipients were physician offices
 at more than $8.4 billion.
 dollars. HR's operating results for the second quarter were steady despite the impact of COVID.
 Strong cash leasing spreads, high tenant retention, and stable contractual rent bumps.
 were positive signs of the resiliency of our tenants
 and the stability of our portfolio.
 With tours being well off pace in April and May, occupancy could be marginally
 softer in the second half of the year. But with a sharp recovery
 in June and July, we expect occupancy
 to strengthen going into 21.
 As a result, same-story-no-eye growth will likely be closer to 2% in 2020 and bounce back toward 3% next year.
 External growth is still on pace for a solid 2020.
 The pipeline is strong, even after we took extra time to underwrite the financial health
 tenants.
 We have increased the top end of our acquisition guidance to be in line with our volume last year
 and well ahead of our historical average.
 We have plenty of funding capacity from the Mercy dispositions, cash on hand, forward equity, and full availability on our line of credit.
 We are poised to take advantage of a sizable and growing pipeline.
 The pandemic has underscored the critical nature of health care services, even in uncertain times.
 It has shown that hospitals are the hub of essential care, including high-acuity outpatient
 services, which drive the stability of our cash flows.
 Despite the pandemic, we still expect to produce positive FFO per share growth in 2020.
 Rising secular demand, a strong balance sheet, and a robust pipeline position us well to grow safely in the years ahead.
 Now I'll turn it over to Ms. Mancini for some additional commentary on healthcare trends.
 Bethany?
 Thank you.
 The healthcare sector continues to prove its resilience and significance to the U.S. population and economy.
 After five months of experience with COVID-19, hospitals and physicians are now better equipped.
 with protocols in place and adequate PPE to serve COVID patients.
 At the same time, providers are managing higher demand from the delay of scheduled care.
 Second quarter employment growth numbers are showing COVID's unprecedented impact on jobs in April and May.
 with promising signs of recovery in the healthcare sector
 from late May into June
 and continued positive momentum heading into the third quarter.
 Notably, the pace of recovery in the ambulatory sector, including physician offices, has doubled
 that of the broader economy.
 to me.
 Health care providers are meeting pent-up demand for elective care
 and the resurgence of strong utilization trends
 returning to more normalized levels quickly.
 HR's tenants, on average, are operating near full capacity, and they are better
 for you.
 prepared to provide ongoing
 outpatient care, even in the
 event of a local surge.
 Telemedicine served a critical role in April and May for many providers.
 The easing of its restrictions and higher reimbursement helps sustain patient care
 and physician practice revenues during the height of the pandemic
 and the shutdown of non-emergent care.
 Since then, physician offices in most of our markets have returned to seeing a majority
 of patients in person.
 the trump administration issued an executive order earlier this week to review and continue
 Medicare's coverage of telehealth services.
 After which,
 CMS proposed to permanently allow Medicare providers to use telehealth for evaluation
 and management services.
 along with visits for some mental health-related care.
 Depending on reimbursement and technology and security requirements, we foresee telemedicine
 at least.
 allowing our tenants to improve their efficiency in providing lower
 costs.
 services, it could
 GREATER ACCESS OF RURAL COMMUNITIES TO
 to urban care centers and support providers in general
 as they meet rising demand for high-acuity care
 from an aging population.
 CMS remains active on the regulatory front
 front in pursuing several Medicare cost-saving initiatives.
 These include hospital pricing transparency,
 site-neutral payments for off-campus, hospital-based outpatient care,
 and the addition of newly covered services in outpatient settings.
 These initiatives incentivize care in lower-cost settings,
 typically in medical office buildings and ambulatory surgery centers.
 As we approach the presidential election, we can expect heated public debate over another
 round of federal stimulus and COVID-19 relief for health care providers.
 we believe the sector is positioned well
 even absent additional legislation, to continue to meet the demands of responding to COVID
 and deliver the underlying growth in health care services
 our population will need in the quarters to come.
 The results of the election for both the presidency and Congress could impact the nation's mix
 of health insurance coverage, and expansion of Medicare and Medicaid.
 Regardless of election results, we expect the shift of healthcare delivery will continue
 toward lower-cost outpatient settings.
 Now I will turn it over to Rob Hull for an overview of investment activity.
 Rob?
 Thank you, Bethany.
 Healthcare Realty's investment activity during the quarter
 can be characterized as two distinct periods.
 Defense at the outset, and back to offense by the end of the quarter.
 We started on defense by shoring up liquidity with an agreement to sell two single-tenant
 net lease properties to St. Louis-based Mercy for $244 million, or $633 per square foot.
 What's also important is that this transaction represents a meaningful shift
 out of slower-growing properties in smaller markets
 and into attractive-growing MSAs
 with significant opportunities for future investment.
 Additionally, we took a deeper dive in due diligence for acquisitions, rather than terminating
 contracts and risk losing solid deals because of COVID-19. For example, we doubled the length
 of inspection periods to monitor the health and stability of these properties.
 We also conducted extensive tenant interviews over multiple billing cycles.
 we analyze rent collection and deferral requests at buildings under contract.
 compared it to our own portfolio, and it's stacked up really well.
 These critical steps allowed us to shift to offense as we approached the third quarter.
 In July, we closed on four MOBs for $83 million.
 dollars. One property marks our first acquisition in the San Diego market, a market where we have
 identified substantial opportunity for future investment.
 another in Los Angeles
 will benefit from the hospital's recent affiliation
 with AA-rated Cedars-Sinai Health System,
 which will provide an infusion of capital
 to increase hospital services in this dense market.
 The last two, located in Atlanta and Seattle, represents additional investment in attractive
 growth markets on campuses where we own multiple properties.
 All through the quarter, our team continued to use their deep
 industry relationships to source deals and build a pipeline.
 even as the volume of marketed transactions declined.
 We now have 10 buildings under six separate contracts, or letters of intent, for an additional $163 million.
 dollars.
 These targeted acquisitions are located in six markets where we
 where we already are invested.
 we expect to close these deals by year end
 and, along with properties closed in July, will fully reinvest the $244 million of Mercy proceeds.
 our renewed confidence to proceed with closings, and a growing
 pipeline are driving the increase in our acquisition guidance, up to $300 to $375 million for the
 year.
 We expect our average cap rate to remain between 5 and 5.8 percent.
 The outlook for acquisitions remains positive.
 positive.
 providers continue to experience meaningful improvement in patient visits and procedures.
 MOV rent rolls are holding up, allowing sellers to return to the market.
 Although a few buyers are
 temporarily on the sidelines, cap rates are steady as investor
 demand is wide and deep
 for the stable cash flows from MOBs.
 While several sizable portfolios are available, we haven't found them compelling enough to
 deviate from our targeted process of investing in one or two buildings
 at a time.
 On the development front, we are making steady progress on a $30 million redevelopment project
 in Memphis.
 During the course of the pandemic, several tenants expanded their space requirements,
 including the surgery center and a large orthopedic tenant.
 As a result, the lease percentage has moved up to 94%.
 During the first quarter of 2021, we expect exterior improvements to be completed
 and the building's anchor tenant to take occupancy.
 The remainder of the suites will take occupancy throughout the second and third quarters of 2021.
 The pandemic has delayed some development discussions, but hospitals are not abandoning long-term expansion plans.
 For example, in July, a leading health system in Tacoma
 announced a $300 million investment in a new bed tower.
 And next week, here in Nashville, St. Thomas will break ground on its $300 million expansion.
 We are planning redevelopments at both of these campuses, and we expect to start these
 project soon.
 I am pleased with our team's ability to build a solid investment pipeline during these times.
 Their hard work will lead to the timely reinvestment of proceeds
 generated from recent sales and positions as well for accretive growth in 2021.
 Now I will turn it over to Chris to discuss financial and operational performance for the quarter.
 Thanks, Rob.
 Second quarter performance was strong as COVID-related revenue impacts were offset by
 operating expense controls and GNA reductions.
 FFO per share of $0.42 was an increase of 5% over the same period a year ago.
 Before diving into the specific operating metrics for the quarter, I will touch on rent collection and deferrals.
 We saw significant sequential improvements in May, June, and July.
 This was the result of a swift rebound in patient volumes following the end of government
 mandated shutdowns early in the quarter.
 We collected over 99% of second-quarter rent, including 2% of deferrals.
 These deferrals are to be paid back in the second half of the year.
 For July, deferrals were less than $100,000 of our over $40 million in monthly rent.
 In addition, over half of deferrals granted in the second quarter
 were repaid early, signaling how our tenants are getting back to business.
 Scheduled rent deferral payments for July are tracking well at 88%.
 While this is promising, it is early in the process, so we took a $730,000 bad debt reserve
 representing 25% of outstanding deferrals at quarter end.
 We will continue to monitor and analyze
 collections through the
 the balance of the year, and adjust reserves accordingly.
 Now shifting to operating performance.
 trailing 12-month same-store NOI grew 1.9%,
 which was impacted by lockdowns in the quarter in three main ways.
 First, there was an $800,000 sequential reduction in transient parking income.
 Parking volumes return to approximately 80% of pre-pandemic levels by the end of June.
 Second, $673,000 of the total rent deferral reserve was in the same-store portfolio.
 Third, and most notable, was a benefit of $1 million from a reduction in net operating
 expenses.
 due to lower building traffic in the quarter.
 The primary reductions were in maintenance and utilities, which each declined over a
 half a million dollars compared to the previous year.
 As utilization and foot traffic has rebounded in June and July, we expect operating expenses
 to return to more customary third quarter levels,
 including typical seasonal utilities.
 But for these three impacts, trailing 12-month same-store growth would have been
 and approximately 20 basis points higher.
 NOI growth in future periods should be reliably strong
 given the multi-tenant leasing metrics this quarter,
 including retention of
 84.6%
 Average in-place contractual increases of 2.89% and cash leasing spreads of 4.5%.
 In the quarter, we had 179,000 square feet of new leases take occupancy, led by gains
 at several reposition and development properties.
 level of new leasing exceeded our historical average of approximately
 100,000 square feet per quarter. Looking forward, given a slowdown in leasing
 tours early in the second quarter due to local restrictions, we could see leasing drop below
 our historical average in the second half of the year.
 Our same-store guidance reflects the potential for this impact.
 Moving into 2021, we expect leasing to increase as tours have already rebounded to pre-COVID-19 levels.
 and demand for outpatient space continues to strengthen.
 Now shifting to liquidity and leverage.
 Our FAD dividend payout ratio was 84% for the quarter and 93% for the trailing 12 months.
 We expect full-year 2020 to be in the low 90s.
 And net debt to EBITDA improved to 5.1 times, including the issuance of $33 million of equity
 through the ATM.
 In addition, we entered into forward equity contracts
 for an additional $74 million.
 These proceeds can be drawn at our election over the next 12 months.
 We don't expect to draw any of the forward equity proceeds until 21, given the substantial
 liquidity available to fund our
 growing investment pipeline.
 Our liquidity includes $44 million of cash at quarter end
 and $244 million from the Mercy dispositions, which closed last week.
 Our investment in the Mercy properties resulted in an unlevered IRR of 11.5%.
 While the reinvestment in multi-tenant MOBs and major MSAs
 will improve the diversification and growth profile of our portfolio.
 for example
 contractual escalators for the Mercy assets have been running
 1.7%, which is more than
 hundred basis points below our existing portfolio and our acquisition pipeline.
 The cap rate rotation upon reinvestment will result in a little more than three cents of
 annual dilution.
 The timing of the reinvestment through the third and fourth quarters will bring forward
 all of the three plus cents
 into 2020. However, even with this
 solution and the COVID-19 impacts discussed earlier, we anticipate positive FFO per share
 growth in 2020.
 And we are positioned well for continued FFO per share growth in 21 and beyond.
 Todd?
 Thank you, Chris.
 Operator Chuck, we will be ready to open it up to the question and answer period.
 Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star, then one on your touchtone phone.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 To withdraw your question, please press star than 2.
 At this time, we'll pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 We'll be right back.
 And our first question will come from Nick Joseph with Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you. I appreciate the color on the acquisition pipeline.
 what's the typical hit rate on
 assets that are in negotiation.
 Yes.
 Yeah, I think if you look at the pipeline $163 million that we're looking at right now,
 You know, they're within our range that we've given the 5 to 5A, probably down in the, you know, low to mid-fives is where, on average, those are going to be.
 Are you?
 I guess I'm more curious on the 120 in negotiation.
 I mean, would you expect to close on 100% of those?
 or what's typically the fallout for that bucket of potential acquisitions?
 Yeah, I mean, I think if you think about the 120,
 We've said that there are some in there that we think might close by the end of the year.
 and then moving into early next.
 And I would say the cap rates in those buildings are in a similar range to what we have under contract and pipeline.
 And certainly, it's early, and we're in discussions with those sellers.
 There are some that sometimes may fall out or take longer to close on,
 but we have a good line of sight on those
 and are optimistic about the opportunities there.
 I would add to that
 maybe nick it's a little hard to obviously give you a one percentage probability but it's a range
 But I think, you know, it's not 50-50.
 if that helps you it's probably you know not 100 as rob just said but you know maybe it's it's uh
 70-80% at least
 and the nice thing is
 I mean
 those are ones that are pretty far along in discussions.
 there's clearly a lot of other things not in that number that are a little further out there
 maybe not as highly
 probable so
 I think that number is a strong number just in general
 if you think about productivity going into 2021.
 Thanks.
 helpful. And then you mentioned the portfolios on the market today. You know, what would make you
 more interested. Is it pricing? Is it
 something specific about the mix of
 assets within those that would get you more
 interested in executing on those.
 Yeah, I'd say that rather than pricing just the markets and the systems that
 they're associated with, the strength of those markets, the opportunities for
 growth is really a key piece that we look at.
 I would also say that the on-adjacent makeup versus the off makeup, typically what you
 see is you know there's a number of properties a few properties in there that you really like but
 then there's other properties in there that you really don't like and I think
 that's where these portfolios that are out there,
 they kind of fall into now.
 And, Nick, I think as we've looked at portfolios over the years, we also recognize, you know, you can't always find the perfect portfolio by definition.
 And so it really comes down to, is there a high enough proportion of what Rob described as attractive assets that would be worth taking on a few of those things that we don't like as much?
 And so, you know, we've always struggled with that.
 We obviously think our portfolio reflects a lot of the quality metrics we're looking for, and we want to improve the average.
 But, you know, if 70, 80 percent of the assets really fit, then I think it makes some sense.
 And, you know, the Meta is an only transaction, the Atlanta transaction three years ago, you know, is a great example of that.
 And, you know, we certainly looked at the Duke transaction hard and competed for that.
 So, you know, I'd throw that in there.
 But some others like CNL and others, we couldn't get there.
 Thank you.
 our next question
 will come from Sierra Tan with J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, I'm on from my moment in the morning.
 I just have one question.
 Could you talk about the acquisition
 and then see what camera is looking like.
 I'm sorry, I didn't hear the end of your question.
 Can you repeat that?
 I'm sorry.
 I just wanted to ask, could you discuss the acquisition landscape and what camera it looks like?
 Sure. I would say that pricing for acquisitions has remained steady. The cash flows in MOBs has held up remarkably well during this period, and I think that's a testament to the security and reliability of the asset class.
 And so you're seeing, you know, continued demand for the product.
 There has been a few buyers that are temporarily on the sidelines, but we see plenty of capital continuing to participate in the space.
 And so because of that, we just haven't seen any meaningful movement in cap rates.
 The other thing, Rob, I might add to that would be you've even seen, you know, really since COVID, a couple of transactions by WellTower that are very supportive of that, that you've seen cap rates sort of right in the mid fives for those portfolios.
 So I think that sort of underscores that, you know,
 that five-and-a-half range for typical, you know,
 MOBs and portfolios
 is very consistent over the last really couple of years.
 And then, you know, occasionally you see, you know, deviations from that more when you get down to specific assets that may drive it to towards five or less or the other way for lower quality assets.
 Thank you.
 Our next question will come from Vikram Mahaltra with Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks for taking the question
 this first one
 you had a nice
 improvement on the fat payout
 uh...
 and you've highlighted where you think this could kind of end up towards your end.
 I'm just wondering how sustainable that level is.
 Is there any CapEx kind of bump we should expect next year?
 or do you think this level is sort of sustainable
 going forward.
 Bikram, obviously, Chris, I'll touch on it.
 Maybe you jump in, but remember, we're all social distancing.
 so we're we aren't as easily able to uh not talk over each other which i apologize chris but i i
 I would say on the dividend, you're exactly right, Vikram.
 Chris mentioned low 90s for this year, and certainly we're trying to steadily improve that.
 So we do hope to maintain that level, if not improve it, each year.
 But, you know, as Chris also talked about, we've got a lot of leasing strengthening as we go into the later part of this year and into next year.
 So we do expect that what probably benefited us, frankly, in the second quarter and maybe even in the third would be a little less spending on TI because of the slowdown in leasing.
 we see that probably picking right back up later in the year and into next year.
 So, you know, it's a little early to tell exactly where we'll be for 21, but we like the direction generally where we're headed.
 and we'll certainly have a better sense of that
 as we start putting our plans together for 21 later this year.
 Okay, great.
 and then
 Sorry, go ahead.
 I think Todd's right.
 The only thing I would add to that is just the idea that where we are in terms of our
 capital other than TI, I don't see any major shifts there.
 but if we don't see the continued
 improvement that we have been seeing the last several years, it would be tied to that, be
 tied to absorption and new leasing, which is
 great for long term
 in terms of earnings and such, but could, you know, slow the momentum temporarily in
 in terms of continued driving that payout ratio lower.
 But long-term, we're certainly moving in the right direction.
 okay great
 And then just, you know, a little bit more color on the pipeline.
 I know in the past
 Steve alluded to, you know, potentially looking a bit more at off campus.
 I'm just wondering, through COVID, are there, you know,
 How has that thought process changed?
 Maybe give us a sense of the pipeline mix between on and off.
 And also just through COVID, are there any other markets you're thinking about
 in terms of new investments or development?
 Rob, do you want to touch on maybe the current pipeline
 and what that might look like on versus off.
 and then I can add to it.
 Yeah, I think that when you look at the current pipeline,
 The majority of it is on and adjacent, but there are a few assets in there that kind of fall into the on-campus category by our definition.
 And I think those are kind of similar to what you've heard us say in the past,
 Dickram, about strong markets that are markets where we already have investment, and, you
 I think that's where, if we are going to go off campus, that's where you think we will
 do that kind of investing markets that we know I'm familiar with and investing
 and off-campus assets that are sort of part of the provider network and lend itself to
 that relationship.
 Yeah.
 I,
 I would add, Rob, that in terms of just thinking differently, you know,
 post-COVID or now we're still in COVID.
 But as we look ahead, I don't see that we would make a tremendous change in the markets that we're going after.
 I think the ones we've been working on, building our presence in, still look very attractive to us, you know, even with what's going on now.
 obviously like everyone we're going to be watching all the trends
 We're not heavily exposed to certain markets in the Northeast, New York, Boston, you know, great cities, obviously, but there are some some bigger, you know, challenges that may come over time with with office demand and so forth.
 less about health care there.
 But I would say we really like some of the tech, you know, job concentration that we see in a lot of the markets we've been focused on.
 I mean, two of the markets that we've added, you kind of asked that question about
 adding markets. We just added
 San Diego, as Rob pointed out.
 In the last year, we've been adding a bit in Raleigh, the Raleigh-Durham area, which we like as well.
 But really 90% of what we've been doing, 80%, 90% of the activity in the last few years
 has been very focused on our top 15 markets.
 So it's a lot of activity in the same markets we've been building scale in.
 and then occasionally reaching out, like I mentioned, to San Diego, Raleigh,
 some others like that.
 There's probably, Rob, four or five, you know, other markets we'd certainly look at and see some depth in.
 But, you know, we're definitely leaning towards the markets we're currently invested in.
 Great, thank you.
 Thank you, Vikram.
 Our next question will come from Jordan Sadler
 with KeyBank Capital Markets.
 please go ahead thank you um first
 I just want to follow up on
 the
 pipeline
 I'm not sure if I'm overly reading into your commentary, but it sounded like you mentioned a large and growing pipeline.
 Is there potentially more behind this or are there a handful of larger deals that you're looking at?
 I'm noticing, you know, you've taken the leverage on a pro forma basis quite low.
 and I know it's a challenging environment
 so it doesn't make sense
 but I'm guessing pro-forma leverage with the forward equity
 and Jalen Mercy used to fight
 closer to four times
 that's correct
 I think I'm wrong.
 So I'm kind of curious what you're teed up for.
 yeah i would say on the on the pipeline jordan um you know our team is is is always building
 and adding to our pipeline.
 And, I mean, we take the approach of, you know, I think if you look at what we've closed on this year,
 About 80% of that is what we would consider, you know, offer lightly marketed deals.
 So our team is out there constantly developing those relationships.
 We've identified buildings that we want to own.
 and we have dialogue with the sellers or brokers in those markets that we trust
 and, you know, are constantly trying to get those sellers to the table.
 So we think that behind what we've laid out here, certainly there's more opportunity that we're working on.
 And I think that's where we see the growth in the pipeline coming and setting this up well for 2021.
 So I think that's why we have the confidence that we do
 because we see the dialogue that our team is having with these sellers
 that are sort of behind what we've laid out here.
 And, Jordan, I would add to that.
 I do think, I mean, I think maybe what's in your question, too, is sort of, you know, are we preparing for something bigger?
 I think it's more about, I mean, in some ways, yes, but it's not a complete change of stripes for us.
 I think it's very much sticking to what Rob just described,
 really going after and targeting what we want rather than, you know, waiting on the market
 of deals. That said, of course, we look at the market of deals, and if they measure up,
 We certainly go after them.
 And, you know, we certainly are encouraged that, you know, we would like to, you know, go after some deals if we can in this situation where we seem, you know, to be able to, as you said, have the capital and the resources.
 But, you know, again, we're going to probably stick to, as you would know us to do, stick to the quality side of things.
 But we're encouraged by the productivity and the effectiveness that Rob described of sustaining a higher level of acquisition.
 I think that's the key.
 and really, you know, recognizing the importance of prudent growth
 through external growth in addition to our internal growth
 to kind of work that algorithm of FFO growth per share.
 Is the mix, and I know I think we just spoke to a question of a similar vein, but is the mix going to continue to skew toward the adjacent type assets, you think?
 I certainly think we will skew towards on and adjacent versus off.
 But, you know, again, we're okay with off.
 I think Rob touched on that.
 We are okay with that.
 I would say, you know, today we sit closer to almost 90% on an adjacent.
 We have done a fair bit of adjacent, as you kind of point out.
 and and sometimes you know what you find is those are the ones that you know you can go in and
 target and get, you know, really get those assets more regularly.
 And, you know, the on-campus, it's tough because you're waiting for those hospitals to let that go, typically.
 So we really like the dynamic, though, of on and adjacent.
 and I could see, you know, the off fluctuating.
 I think we maybe last year hit around 25%, you know, off.
 so we're okay with that
 It's still going to skew that way towards on and adjacent though.
 Okay.
 and then
 last week
 maybe for Chris on the cap rates
 Um,
 I've got the cash cap right here.
 I'm kind of curious.
 You mentioned the escalators on Mercy.
 Can you give me the gap cap rate on that disposition?
 And then I'm just curious what the escalators and depth efforts look on the acquisitions as well.
 Yeah, on Mercy, the gap in cash were pretty close to the same
 because we were about at the midpoint of the lease turn.
 so they're
 kind of right on top of each other. In terms of the new acquisitions that we're looking at,
 The escalators, as I mentioned, are pretty similar to what our existing portfolio is,
 that 2.8 to 2.9 range
 in terms of escalators.
 And, you know, it varies on the impact to GAAP based off of the term that's inside of our acquisitions.
 But in general, we typically say the gap adds about 25 to 50 basis points to the cap rate on a gap basis in our acquisitions.
 Okay, thanks for clarifying.
 Our next question will come from Lucas Hartridge with Green Street Advisors.
 Please go ahead.
 I thank everyone for your time this morning.
 This is John on for Lucas.
 Just a quick one from me.
 Just looking at the improvements in your expectations for the cash re-leasing spreads
 on the multi-tenant side.
 You know, what's behind that optimism?
 Obviously, the year-to-day trends are pretty favorable.
 and just wondering if there's actually
 some opportunity for some outside there
 as well.
 Thank you very much.
 Yeah, if you really look at the change in our guidance on the cash leasing spreads,
 We did change it this quarter compared to last,
 but that really was just kind of bringing it back more in line
 with what we had seen pre-COVID.
 Last quarter, we were taking – we didn't want to be overly aggressive.
 you know, not
 having a lot of
 leasing data in the midst of what was going on.
 And so we had taken down our expectations.
 But as we worked through leases during the quarter and continued our discussions, you know, things have really shown great, you know, resilience.
 And so our expectations is that our cash leasing spreads will be able to kind of maintain what we had been seeing previously, which long-term we say we expect three to four.
 and so we're
 So far, we're seeing that those types of metrics are holding up well.
 общем, we'll look at how much it is.
 We'll see you next time.
 Bye-bye.
 And our next question will come from Rich Anderson with SMBC.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks, everybody.
 good morning
 So one thing
 we are not talking about
 is the risk going forward of reinfection
 certainly in many of the states that you traffic in,
 We've seen some uptick.
 but no talk of
 sort of a reversal of, you know,
 elective surgery shutdowns and whatnot.
 but can you
 Can you discuss that a little bit about how you're seeing that play out?
 I mean, even though the availability or states are allowing for elective surgeries,
 Are people really jumping in and doing it?
 And is there a risk that, you know, a month or so from now,
 we could be having another conversation about shutting it down?
 Rich, it's a very good question, and I think we all sort of have that unease, you know, going into the fall, I think collectively, that, you know, things can change.
 And, you know, we have the flu season coming, and things get worse typically in the winter.
 So it's a very good question.
 I do think, you know, we don't want to be glib about the optimism because, you know, it's a long road here and, you know, maybe the toughest time ahead of us.
 The good news is, I think, as I think Bethany pointed out and I pointed out,
 And we've all seen there's just been a lot of improvement on treatments and how to deal with this.
 And so...
 I think we all feared, obviously, in the front end that hospitals would just be totally overwhelmed.
 And obviously that was tested in a couple of places, including New York.
 And I think the good news is we came out on the better end of what we all feared.
 And so, you know, you're seeing it, as you said, in hot spots.
 You know, Houston went through it, and you're seeing different places.
 and the good news is
 They seem to be handling it, and it's not creating these long, lengthy shutdowns.
 You know, you did see in Texas the governor trying to push, you know, some, again, you know, policies there.
 But it really actually was a bit of a carve-out for ASCs, you know,
 and some of the outpatient surgeries.
 It was more about protecting that inpatient capacity.
 So I do think you're going to see a little bit of that.
 we do have to
 breach
 for that in terms of hot spots.
 I don't think it's, you know,
 nationwide shut it all down the way it was early on it's going to be much more targeted and you
 I'm no expert any more than anybody on the phone, but as we watch this move around the country,
 You know, it's kind of, it's the hotspot.
 It's these, you know, fires that kind of come up and then burn out.
 And I hope that continues to, you know, be quelled, you know, and contained.
 But I think it's very encouraging what we're seeing.
 And even though we might, you know, experience some issues, I think we're encouraged.
 I mean, the public companies that report their surgery numbers have been really incredible.
 So I don't think there's a big hesitation to come back and do it.
 it'll just be a matter of, you know, do public health officials continue to sort of treat this
 in a targeted way rather than a blanket way, and we think that will be the case.
 Okay.
 My second question and last question is,
 what is your perspective
 of how the hospital industry
 looks like
 after this is all done.
 I mean, would you say the hospital business, not the medical office business per se,
 but the hospital business is weakened by all this in the sense that, you know,
 we kind of went in over hospital to begin with,
 and maybe this fast-tracks some consolidation or closings
 that probably or maybe would have happened eventually.
 I'm just wondering
 if you think sort of picking your, your, your, um,
 your relationships
 becomes even more important in the aftermath
 because the hospital industry overall is probably a notch weaker
 because of everything that happened.
 Yeah, I think it's a fair assessment and good commentary.
 we were having a discussion with our board earlier this week about that with
 several health system leaders there on our board.
 And I think it's what you said.
 you're going to it's it's the classic you know problem that these crises just like the financial
 crisis caused the strong are going to get stronger the weak are going to get weaker and there's
 different dynamics to that but in the hospital world
 It's very true.
 and
 And, you know, you're seeing an HCA do extremely well, you know, coming through this.
 And I think they do a good job of figuring it out.
 and there's a lot of not-for-profit systems that are leaders in their markets.
 I do think the strength and scale matters.
 larger systems versus small independent system obviously you know more more urban versus in
 Suburban versus rural is going to be a huge trend.
 I know the trend of moving into the cities, everybody's questioning a little bit, but
 I still think those strong, you know, population growth centers are going to be where you're going to see the success.
 And so I do think you are correct that picking the right partners will matter more.
 being a sharpshooter will will continue to be critical for success and i think that's something
 And we've been honing ever since we sort of found that trend to be true from the financial crisis and even before.
 so it's true
 I do think you're right.
 Hospitals have clearly taken a hit and were helped a lot by the CARES Act and CMS in general.
 but I do think we are encouraged
 the strong ones
 I mean, this is a demand-need-based business.
 You know, this isn't just, you know, selling luxury items.
 It's very much need-based.
 And so there's a huge need for it.
 As I made my comments, a remark that, I mean, hospitals are proving that they're so critical.
 And I think the acuity level of hospitals is only going to continue to climb.
 And you're going to see acuity level at outpatient climb, both on and off campus.
 It's a continuum.
 And I think, you know, all those innovations will continue and it will be a little bit more of a winner versus loser at game.
 and I think we're pretty well positioned to follow that trend.
 And as related to that response, thanks, Todd.
 That was great.
 do you think the long
 weighted monetization of hospital
 own medical office will
 will be more of a realistic outcome of this,
 even for stronger hospitals that maybe are now taking on, you know,
 more market share, need more
 technological advances and so on.
 Is that something that we can finally say?
 well
 not
 not to get religious but it's like
 testing our faith right in this theory and it's just we got to keep the hope alive right um we just
 haven't seen it is the real answer
 it has all the makings
 to suggest that would be possibly true
 we have a very
 contradicting data point here with the mercy transaction that we just did a little bit of a
 specific situation where they had a propensity, you know, to want to own their assets.
 It's a little different.
 But we've heard of a few other anecdotes just recently of some other hospitals doing similar things.
 So, you know,
 Hospital systems think strategically very differently.
 they don't focus
 I mean, as they should.
 They focus on providing care and all the things they need to do to expand their business and succeed.
 they're not sitting around thinking about cap rates
 for MOBs, but I think
 There's going to be, there are going to be some more of those.
 It may be a little bit more from your stressed systems.
 And so then weeding through that, back to your earlier question, figuring out, is it worth it?
 Is it the right systems to be with is the question for that.
 Great.
 Great. Thanks very much.
 Thanks. Thanks, Rich.
 The next question will come from John Chen with BMO Capital.
 please go ahead
 Thanks. Good morning.
 Todd, in your opening remarks,
 you
 And, you know, you mentioned St. Joe and Hawaii
 trending back to 3%, which is
 certainly against recent trends of not only HR, but other MOB leads.
 I'm just wondering if you could just discuss
 your confidence levels in that statement
 and if that's being driven by
 occupancy picking up or
 leasing spreads on
 on leases that you're negotiating now.
 I think the simple answer is, and Chris always hits this, it's that our average contractual rent bump across, you know, multi-tenant and single-tenant is 2.83%.
 It's $2.89 for the multi-tenant.
 So that's the driver of our same-store growth.
 And what Chris always walks through is, okay, we grew the revenue at that level.
 And then at your right, you advance that ball a little bit with cash leasing spreads.
 But that's a pretty small piece of the pie each, you know, quarter or year.
 so you do help that
 You do have a little bit of, you know, turnover as well that kind of hurts that.
 But the revenue model is more of a, you know, high twos kind of number.
 and then really it becomes, you know, what are your expenses doing
 And how much operating leverage do you have, your margin?
 And so that's the algorithm we see that gets us there pretty conservatively.
 conservatively, but it's really the big driver is our revenue model of our escalators,
 and we continue to feel good about that.
 The cash leasing spreads help at the margin, absolutely.
 And as Chris talked, you know, we're looking to try to drive absorption as we go into 21, and that will help also.
 But even without a lot of increased absorption, you can see same-store NOI growth running around 3.
 And how does free rent impact this number?
 because I imagine you're offering more free run
 or you have been more recently.
 Chris do you want to touch on that
 Yeah, I mean, obviously, free rent will go into it if you have a larger percentage of it versus what you had before.
 but I'll say generally, no, we're not adding a lot of free rent.
 You know, we really don't have much of any inside of our renewals, if we're doing it
 at all.
 typically is inside of new leasing.
 and so when you have that
 with the new leasing, it just kind of creates
 a little bit of a delay before you see
 the revenue impact from that absorption, but overall, no, we've not seen a marked expansion
 of free rent.
 Okay, and then maybe I'll ask Nick Joseph's question a little bit differently.
 I think at June A, you mentioned $150 million of acquisitions you had under contracts,
 contracts and now he's closed
 $83 million
 post-quarter.
 are you still on track
 to close that remaining $70 million or so,
 or have any of those deals
 fall apart.
 Yes, we're still on track to close those.
 I think we've got, I think I mentioned we have $163 million that's either under contract
 or LOI, so we've actually
 increase that under-contract amount since the last time.
 And I think, Rob, too, you said, and we expect that we will close those two categories under contract and LOI by year-end, which is what will help us get those mercy proceeds reinvested by year-end.
 Right, and the four adjacent acquisitions,
 You mentioned they're just the A-rated health systems.
 are those health systems at all
 tenants in the building
 be quiet.
 um
 they have
 I would say that there are
 certainly have physicians that are
 utilizing the hospital
 next door.
 I think there's one where the hospital is not a tenant, but all the others are tenanted
 I'll have them.
 Great. Thank you.
 Thanks, John.
 Our next question will come from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo.
 please go ahead
 Thanks.
 probably in order just to stick with that last
 theme about the
 assets under contract
 and maybe this is for Rob
 Can you speak to the condition of those buildings?
 I know historically you guys are prepared to put some redevelopment dollars into them,
 but in the context of maybe Todd
 what you were speaking to, maybe TIs come down,
 Maybe just getting some broader thoughts about how you guys are allocating capital.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, I would say that
 the assets that were in the contract
 to purchase or LOI,
 I mean, they're all in good condition.
 I mean, we're not planning to invest a significant amount of capital into any of them as a redevelopment play, if that's answering your question.
 It is, thank you.
 And then maybe for Todd, did I hear that right?
 maybe expectations of lower TIs coming down the road?
 I think that's a 2020 phenomenon.
 we're not necessarily suggesting that
 looking into 21. We actually think it should rebound to sort of
 historical levels and relationships.
 and all that is
 is what we've heard some others say, too.
 We had slower tours and new leasing activity with new prospective net new tenants that create absorption, which is where you have higher TI spend in the second quarter, especially April and even a little in May.
 and therefore you get this lag effect of when those tenants would normally take occupancy
 and that's probably a third and fourth quarter phenomenon.
 so it's really a back half issue
 and even a little bit you saw it in the second quarter.
 So, you know, that's all we're saying.
 and then back to sort of normalized levels in 21.
 I would clarify that too
 of, you know, that's a little bit on the prospective leasing front, what Ty's talking about.
 And we don't know for sure.
 we're kind of running different scenarios
 And so we're looking at one scenario that, yes, we could see a little bit less absorption here in the next couple of quarters and then rebounding, which could have an impact.
 But then also, as you look at it in terms of total spending, you start looking at FAD right now, we are running at the low end and, frankly, a little below the low end of our guidance range.
 as it relates to second-gen TI.
 and so there's just timing
 that is always related to that
 so that may pick up
 Certainly, we think we'll be in the range back to, you know, potentially near the midpoint of the range.
 and so that's part of what
 is playing into the guidance
 as it relates to FAD and my prepared remarks.
 I talked about, you know, right now we are running significantly below where we are on
 a trailing 12-month basis, but
 But, you know, we do think that that can pick up in the later half of the year
 and what drives our view that our FAB payout ratio will probably end up the year down in the low 90s,
 not in the low 80s that you saw this quarter.
 So I just wanted to clarify that point.
 That's helpful because that's where I was going ultimately with this is seeing that sad payout ratio decline
 and in the spirit of seeing maybe some dividend growth at some point,
 but maybe it doesn't
 shake out that low.
 That's helpful.
 All right, that's it for me.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Don.
 The next question will come from Teo Okusea with Mizuho.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning, everyone. Congrats on the transaction. That makes perfect sense to me.
 My focus is really on the outlook for the MOBs.
 I think you mentioned in your comments earlier on
 that, you know, hospitals in general
 in the society that will seem to be doing well
 when we kind of, you know, think about HCA results
 and some of the other hospital operators.
 but a lot of that is also
 kind of due to the massive amount of grants
 they've kind of received over this period
 as well.
 So can you just kind of talk about how you're thinking about kind of in a world where there
 new grants or in a
 world where
 you know
 where that source of government funding is decreased
 maybe in the next, you know, act that Congress and, you know,
 what do you kind of see happens in that world?
 I mean specifically
 Could we start to say deferrals going up again or, you know,
 I would love for you guys to just kind of expand on that.
 Well, it's, you know, it's all speculation, obviously, Tayo, but it's interesting.
 I think we saw the most extreme thing
 hopefully that we'll ever see
 in our lifetimes, right?
 but maybe not
 Amen to that.
 Right, right.
 So, you know, April was just absolutely extreme and clearly the government steps in and we just hope, you know, we don't see that again.
 But I think we've, as I mentioned, we've learned a lot.
 And I think we learned that hospitals, you know, good or bad, you know,
 hospitals and physicians, they really make a lot of money on the elective procedure side and
 surgeries. And when that was shut down, I mean, you're cutting off the most profitable
 segment of the business and you know healthcare it's it's a little cold to say that because
 obviously they're only supposed to be doing
 what's necessary, but it is necessary.
 There's a ton of that need.
 And so when you cut off that lifeblood, if you will,
 it really hurts the system.
 So I think now, if you go back to the discussions earlier, where it's more of a targeted approach
 And maybe, you know, for a short period in Houston, they they asked, you know, for some elective procedures to be to be, you know, reduced and not even in all ASCs, but in hospitals.
 So I think you're going to see a more targeted approach rather than the sort of absolute, you know, month long or more shutdown.
 So, therefore, it shouldn't be quite as financially difficult.
 You know, is it going to be tough?
 Yeah, just like schools, schools for a lot of us, you know, with kids,
 And it's going to be tough, you know, as soon as they shut down the school for a week or two or something, or even if you're lucky, if they're open.
 So there's going to be ebbs and flows, as I mentioned in my remarks,
 But I think we're much better shaped today than we were when we knew very little in March.
 So I don't think it's as dire as, you know, we could all fear.
 but it's never
 David Emory used to always say it's never as good or as bad as it may seem
 and that's probably very appropriate here.
 It will be not easy, but I don't think it's going to be as bad as it was.
 And it's not changing our outlook about hospitals and on-campus MOBs.
 And we'll watch that just like everybody.
 In my own experience, you know, personally, if you've ever dealt with a family member or a friend or loved one, whatever it might be, who's had a serious illness, you don't think twice about going to the hospital or going to that, you know, high acuity specialist that might be near the hospital.
 when it gets real
 that's what this is about
 you know the light touch stuff and it's really cool that there's innovations that can do things
 in lower-cost off-campus settings, and that's fine.
 that's a very real thing and and not to say that trend's not real but you know we we think the
 dynamics of real estate and demand, supply and demand are best where it's that high
 acuity sort of
 of nucleus, if you will, around the hospital. And, and as Rich asked, you know,
 We've got to watch that nucleus, make sure it's healthy.
 the hospitals that we're working with. So that's our focus.
 Gotcha.
 So that's helpful.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Todd.