 Good day and welcome to the Health Care Realty Trust Second Quarter Financial Results Conference
 call.
 participants will be in a listen-only mode.
 should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star
 key followed by zero.
 For today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Please note that this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Todd Meredith.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you, Chuck.
 Joining me on the call this morning are Karla Baca, Bethany Mancini, Rob Hull, and Chris Douglas.
 Ms. Baca, if you could now read the disclaimer.
 Except for the historical information contained within, the matters discussed in this call
 may contain forward-looking statements
 that involve estimates, assumptions, risk, and uncertainties.
 These risks are more specifically discussed in a Form 10K, filed with the SEC, for the
 year ended December 31, 2019, and subsequently filed Form 10Qs.
 These forward-looking statements represent the company's judgment as of the date of
 this call.
 The company disclaims any obligation to update this forward-looking material.
 The matters discussed in this call may also contain certain non-gap financial measures
 such as funds from operation, FSO, normalized FSO, FSO per share, normalized FSO per share,
 Funds available for distribution, BAD, Net Operating Income, NOI, EBITDA, and adjusted
 EBITDA.
 A recon...
 conciliation of these measures to the most comparable gap financial measures may be found
 in the company's earnings press release for the second quarter ended June 30, 2020.
 The company's earnings press release, supplemental information, forms 10Q and 10K are available
 on the company's website.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Garland.
 First, I'd like to offer our best wishes to everyone as we approach five months since
 it's...
 started the pandemic. We're
 encouraged by the positive signs of recovery in the health care space, and grateful for
 those who've worked tirelessly throughout this pandemic, including our
 their tenants and partners.
 They have demonstrated extraordinary resilience, well beyond what we anticipated.
 We expect we will continue to contend with COVID-19 as it ebbs and flows.
 encouraging is the progress of better treatments and promising vaccine
 developments.
 Moderna, Pfizer, AstraZeneca, and many others are reporting positive results from fast-tracked
 clinical trials.
 Many expect a successful vaccine in 2020 with widespread availability next year.
 health officials are also taking a much more targeted approach to addressing hot spots,
 which is allowing healthcare services to remain open.
 Across the country, we are seeing physicians ramp up their volumes quickly.
 approaching pre-COVID levels. They are experiencing heightened demand for
 delayed care.
 providers are balancing the delivery of much-needed care with safety precautions, and they have
 gain valuable experience in treating their COVID patients. As a result, we are not seeing
 the use of lengthy or widespread bands on elected procedures.
 publicly traded national health care companies, including HCA, Surgery Partners, and Tenant,
 have recently reported steady improvements in volumes throughout May, June, and July.
 Likewise, we have seen tenant utilization in our buildings rebound to nearly 90 percent
 of pre-COVID levels.
 It does vary geographically somewhat from a low of 75% in Washington, DC to 100% here
 in Nashville. And at work order requests are now running at pre-COVID levels and leasing
 momentum has also rebounded.
 Tours with prospective tenants, which dip below 50% of typical volumes in April, are
 are now running well above average.
 RENT collection stands at 97% for the second quarter,
 as well as July.
 new deferral requests have fallen to nearly zero
 in the last 30 days.
 And over half of deferrals granted during the second quarter
 were repaid early, which is very encouraging.
 Forgivable PPP loans kicked in as designed for payroll, rent, and utilities.
 The health care sector received more than 12 percent of all PPP loans, of which the
 The biggest recipients were physician offices at more than $8.4 billion.
 H.R.'s operating results for the second quarter were steady, despite the impact of COVID.
 strong cash leasing spreads
 high-tenant retention and stable contractual rent bombs.
 positive signs of the resiliency of our tenants and the stability of our portfolio.
 With tours being well off pace in April and May, occupancy could be marginally softer
 in the second half of the year.
 But with a sharp recovery in June and July,
 we expect occupancy to strengthen going into 21.
 As a result, same-storno-eye growth will likely be closer to 2% in 2020 and bounce back toward 3% next year.
 External growth is still on pace for a solid 2020.
 The pipeline is strong, even after we took extra time to underwrite the financial help
 with tenets.
 We have increased the top end of our acquisition guidance to be in line with our volume last
 year and well ahead of our historical average.
 We have plenty of funding capacity from the Mercy Dispositions,
 cash on hand
 forward equity and full availability on our line of credit.
 your poise to take advantage of a sizable and growing pipeline.
 Thanks for watching.
 Have a great day!
 We'll see you in the next video.
 The pandemic has underscored the critical nature of health care services even in uncertain times.
 It is shown that hospitals are the hub of essential care,
 including high-acuity outpatient services, which drive the stability of our cash flows.
 Despite the pandemic, we still expect to produce positive FFO per share growth in 2020.
 Rising secular demand.
 A strong balance sheet and a robust pipeline position us well to grow safely in the years
 ahead.
 Now, turn it over to Ms. Mancini for some additional commentary on healthcare trends.
 Bethany?
 Thank you.
 The healthcare sector continues to prove its resilience and significance to the U.S. population
 and economy.
 After five months of experience with COVID-19,
 hospitals and physicians are now better equipped
 with protocols in place and adequate PPE
 to serve COVID patients.
 At the same time, providers are managing higher demand
 from the delay of scheduled care.
 Second-quarter employment growth numbers are showing COVID's unprecedented impact on jobs
 in April and May with promising signs of recovery
 in the health care sector from late May into June
 and continued positive momentum,
 heading into the third quarter.
 Notably, the pace of recovery in the ambulatory sector
 including physician offices, has doubled that of the broader economy.
 Care providers are meeting pent-up demand for elective care, and the resurgence of strong
 One Utilization Trends.
 turning to more normalized levels quickly.
 HR's tenants, on average, are operating near full capacity.
 and they are better prepared
 to provide ongoing outpatient care.
 even in the event of a local surge.
 Telemedicine served a critical role in April and May for many providers.
 The easing of its restrictions and higher reimbursement helps sustain patient care and
 physician practice revenues during the height of the pandemic and the shutdown
 of non-emergent care.
 Since then, physician offices in most of our markets have returned to seeing a majority
 of patients in person.
 The Trump administration issued an executive order earlier this week to review and continue
 Medicare's coverage of telehealth services.
 After which...
 CMS proposed to permanently allow Medicare providers to use telehealth for evaluation
 and management services, along with visits for some mental health-related care, depending
 on reimbursement and technology and security requirements.
 we foresee telemedicine allowing our tenants
 to improve their efficiency.
 in providing lower-acuity services.
 it could spur greater access of rural communities
 to urban care centers and support providers in general
 they meet rising demand for high-acuity care from an aging population.
 CMS remains active on the regulatory front in pursuing several Medicare cost-saving initiatives.
 These include Hospital Pricing Transparency,
 site-neutral payments for off-campus hospital-based outpatient care.
 in the addition of newly covered services
 and outpatient settings.
 These initiatives incentivize care in lower cost settings, typically in medical office
 and ambulatory surgery centers.
 centers.
 As we approach the presidential election, we can expect heated public debate over a
 another round of federal stimulus and COVID-19 relief
 for healthcare providers.
 We believe that...
 sector is positioned well.
 absent additional legislation to continue to meet the demands of responding to COVID
 and deliver the underlying growth in healthcare services
 our population will need in the quarters to come.
 The results of the election for both the Presidency and Congress could impact the nation's
 mix of health insurance coverage and expansion of Medicare and Medicaid.
 Regardless of election results, we expect the shift of healthcare delivery will continue
 toward lower cost outpatient settings.
 Now I will turn it over to Rob Hull for an overview of investment activity.
 Rob?
 Thank you, Bethany.
 Health Care Realty's investment activity during the quarter can be characterized as two distinct periods.
 Defense at the outset, and back to offense by the end of the quarter.
 We started on defense by shoring up liquidity with an agreement to sell two single tenant net lease properties to st
 Lewis-based Mercy for $244 million, or $633 per square foot.
 What's also important is that you have to be aware of the fact that you have to be
 important is that this transaction represents a meaningful
 sh-
 shift out of slower-growing properties in smaller markets and into attractive-growing
 MSAs with significant opportunities for future investment.
 Additionally, we took a deeper dive in due diligence for acquisitions
 rather than terminating contracts and risk losing solid deals because of COVID-19.
 For example, we doubled the length of inspection periods to monitor the health and stability of these properties.
 We also conducted extensive tenant interviews over multiple billing cycles and
 And we analyze rent collection and deferral requests at buildings under contract.
 compared it to our own portfolio, and it's stacked up really well.
 These critical steps allowed us to shift to offense as we approached the third quarter.
 In July, we closed on 4 MOBs for $83 million.
 property marks our first acquisition in the San Diego market, a market where we
 of identified substantial opportunity for future investment.
 Another in Los Angeles will benefit from the hospital's recent affiliation with double
 A-rated Cedars Sinai Health System, which will provide an infusion of capital to increase
 hospital services in this dense market.
 market.
 The last two, located in Atlanta and Seattle, represents additional investment in attractive
 growth markets on campuses where we own multiple properties.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 All through the quarter, our team continued to use their deep industry relationships to
 the source deals and build a pipeline.
 even as the volume of marketed transactions declined.
 We now have 10 buildings under six separate contracts, or letters of intent, for an additional $163 million.
 These targeted acquisitions are located in six markets where we already have where we already are invested
 We expect to close these deals by year end, and, along with properties closed in July,
 will fully reinvest the $244 million of Mercy Proceeds.
 Our renewed confidence to proceed with closings and a growing pipeline are driving the increase
 in our acquisition guidance.
 up to $300 to $375 million for the year.
 We expect our average cap rate to remain between 5 and 5.8 percent.
 The outlook for acquisitions remains positive.
 As healthcare providers continue to experience meaningful improvement in patient visits and
 procedures.
 MOB rent rolls are holding up, allowing sellers to return to the market.
 Although a few buyers are temporarily on the sidelines, cap rates are steady, as investors
 demand is wide and deep for the stable cash flows from MOBs.
 While several sizable portfolios are available, we haven't found them compelling enough to
 to deviate from our targeted process of investing in one or two buildings at a time.
 On the development front, we are making steady progress on a $30 million redevelopment project in Memphis.
 During the course of the pandemic, several tenants expanded their space requirements,
 including the surgery center and a large orthopedic tenet.
 As a result, the least percentage has moved up to 94%.
 During the first quarter of 2021, we expect exterior improvements to be completed and
 the building's anchor tenant to take occupancy.
 The remainder of the suites will take occupancy throughout the second and third quarters of 2021.
 The pandemic has delayed some development discussions, but hospitals are not abandoning
 long-term expansion plans.
 For example, in July, a leading health system in Tacoma announced a $300 million investment
 in a new bed tower.
 And next week, here in Nashville,
 St. Thomas will break ground on its $300 million expansion.
 We are planning redevelopments at both of these campuses, and we expect to start these
 projects soon.
 I am pleased with our game's ability
 to build a solid investment pipeline during these times.
 Their hard work will lead to the timely reinvestment of proceeds generated from recent sales and positions as well for creative growth in 2021.
 Now, I will turn it over to Chris to discuss financial and operational performance for the
 quarter.
 Thanks, Rob.
 The second quarter performance was strong as COVID related revenue impacts were offset
 by operating expense controls and GNA reductions.
 Normalized FFO per share of $0.42 was an increase of 5% over the same period a year ago.
 Before diving into the specific operating metrics for the quarter, I will touch on rent
 collection and deferrals.
 We saw significant sequential improvements in May, June, and July.
 This was the result of a swift rebound in patient volumes following the end of government-mandated
 shutdowns early in the quarter.
 We collected over 99% of second quarter rent, including 2% of deferrals.
 These referrals are to be paid back in the second half of the year.
 For July, deferrals were less than $100,000 of our over $40 million in monthly rent.
 In addition, over half of deferrals granted in the second quarter were repaid early, signaling
 how our tenants are getting back to business.
 Scheduled rent deferral payments for July are tracking well at 88 percent.
 While this is promising, it is early in the process,
 So we took a $730,000 bad debt reserve,
 representing 25% of outstanding deferrals at quarter-end.
 We will continue to monitor and analyze collections
 through the balance of the year and adjust reserves accordingly.
 Now, shifting to Operating Performance.
 Trailing 12 months same store NOI grew 1.9%, which was impacted by lockdowns in the quarter
 in three main ways.
 First, there was an $800,000 sequential reduction and transient parking income.
 Volume's return to approximately 80% of pre-pandemic levels by the end of June.
 Second, $673,000 of the total rent deferral reserve was in the same-store portfolio.
 And third, and most notable, was a benefit of $1 million from a reduction in net operating
 expenses due to lower building traffic in the quarter.
 The primary reductions were in maintenance and utilities, which each declined over a
 a half a million dollars compared to the previous year.
 as utilization and foot traffic has rebounded
 In June and July, we expect operating expenses to return to more customary third quarter
 levels, including typical seasonal utilities.
 for these three impacts, trailing 12 months.
 same-store growth would have been approximately 20 basis points higher.
 Highlight growth in future periods should be reliably strong, given the multi-tenant
 leasing metrics this quarter, including retention of 84.6 percent, average in-place contractual
 increases of 2.89 percent, and cash leasing spreads of 4.5 percent.
 In the quarter, we have 179,000 square feet of new leases take occupancy, led by gains
 at several reposition and development properties.
 This level of new leasing exceeded our historical average
 of approximately 100,000 square feet per quarter.
 Looking forward, given a slowdown in leasing tours,
 early in the second quarter due to local restrictions, we could see leasing drop below our historical
 average in the second half of the year.
 Our same-store guidance reflects the potential for this impact.
 Moving into 2021, we expect leasing to increase as tours have already rebounded to pre-COVID-19 levels and demand for outpatient space continues to strengthen.
 Now, shifting to liquidity and leverage.
 Our FAD dividend payout ratio was 84% for the quarter and 93% for the trailing 12 months.
 We expect full year 2020 to be in the low 90s.
 Net debt to EBITDA improved to 5.1 times, including the issuance of $33 million of equity through
 the ATM.
 In addition, we entered into forward equity contracts for an additional $74 million.
 These proceeds can be drawn at our election over the next 12 months.
 We don't expect to draw any of the forward equity proceeds until 21, given the substantial
 liquidity available to fund our growing investment pipeline.
 Our liquidity includes $44 million of cash at quarter end, and $244 million from the
 and mercy dispositions which closed last week.
 Our investment in the mercy properties resulted in an unlevered IRR of 11.5 percent.
 While the reinvestment in multi-tenant MOBs and major MSAs will improve the diversification
 and growth profile of our portfolio.
 folio.
 For example, contractual escalators for the mercy assets have been running 1.7 percent,
 which is more than 100 basis points below our existing portfolio and our acquisition
 pipeline.
 The cap rate rotation upon reinvestment will result in a little more than three cents of
 of annual dilution.
 The timing of the reinvestment through the third and fourth quarters will bring forward
 all of the 3 plus cents into 2020.
 However, even with this dilution and the COVID-19 impacts
 discussed earlier.
 we anticipate positive FFO per share growth in 2020.
 and we are positioned well for continued FFO for share growth in 21 and beyond.
 Todd, thank you Chris. Operator Chuck, we will be ready to open it up to the question
 and answer period.
 Thank you.
 to begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star then one on your touch tone phone.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys to
 Withdraw your question, please press star of them two.
 At this time, we'll pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 And our first question will come from Nick Joseph with Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 color on the acquisition pipeline.
 What's the typical hit rate on assets that are in negotiation?
 Yeah, I think if you look at the pipeline $163 million that we're looking at right now,
 It's you know, they're they're in within our range that we've given the five to five a probably down in the you know
 low to mid-fives is where non-averages are going to be.
 Are you-
 I get more curious on the hundred, yeah, the hundred and twenty negotiation.
 I mean, would you expect to close on 100% of those,
 or what's typically the fallout for that bucket
 of uh... potential acquisitions
 Yeah, I mean, I think if you think about the 120, we've said that there are some in there
 that we think might close by the end of the year,
 and then moving into early next.
 And I would say the cap rates in those buildings
 are in a similar range to what we have
 their contract and pipeline, and certainly it's early, and we're in discussions with
 those sellers, there are some that sometimes may fall out or take longer to close on, but
 We have a good line of sight on those
 and are optimistic about the opportunities there.
 I would add to that, maybe Nick, it's a little hard to obviously give you a one percentage probability,
 But it's a range, but I think, you know, it's not 50-50 if that helps you.
 it's probably, you know, not 100% as Rob just said, but, you know, maybe it's, it's a 70-80%
 at least. And the nice thing is, I mean, those are ones that are pretty far along in discussions,
 There's clearly a lot of other things not in that number that are a little further out
 there.
 non-is highly probable.
 So, yeah, I think that number is a strong number
 just in general, if you think about productivity going into 21.
 Thanks, that's helpful.
 And then you mentioned the portfolios on the market today.
 You know, what would make you more interested is it pricing, is it something specific about
 ...
 a mix of assets within those that would get you more interested in executing on those?
 Yeah, I'd say that rather than pricing just the markets and the systems that they're
 associated with the strength of those markets,
 the opportunities for growth is really a key piece that we look at.
 And I would also say that the on-adjacent makeup versus the off-makeup typically would
 what you see is, you know, there's a number of properties, a few properties in there
 that you really like, but then there's other properties
 than there that you really don't like.
 And I think that's where these portfolios that are out there, they kind of fall into
 now.
 And Nick, I think, is we've looked at portfolios over the years.
 We also recognize, you know, you can't always find the perfect portfolio by definition.
 And so it really comes down to, is there a high enough proportion of what Rob described
 as attractive assets that would be worth, you know, taking on a few of those things
 that that we don't like as much and so
 you know we've we've always struggled with that week
 Obviously, I think our portfolio reflects a lot of the quality metrics we're looking
 for and we want to improve the average, but you know, if 70, 80 percent of the assets
 really fit then i think it makes some sense and
 You know, the Met is an only transaction,
 the Atlanta transaction three years ago,
 a great example of that.
 We certainly looked at the Duke transaction hard
 competed for that. So, you know, I throw that in there. But some others like C&L and others
 we couldn't get there.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for watching.
 Our next question will come from Sarah Tan with J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, I'm on from Mike Muller in the morning.
 I just have one question.
 Could you talk about the acquisition then,
 and watch how it's looking like.
 I'm sorry, I didn't hear the end of your question.
 Can you repeat that?
 Oh, hi.
 to ask, could you discuss the acquisition landscape and what categories it looks like?
 Sure, I would say that pricing for acquisitions has remained steady.
 The castelos and MOBs has held up remarkably well during this period and I think that's
 to testament to the security and reliability
 of the asset class.
 And so you're seeing continued demand for the product.
 There has been a few buyers that are,
 that are temporarily on the sidelines,
 but we see plenty of capital continuing
 to participate in the space.
 And so because of that, we just haven't seen
 any meaningful movement in cap rates.
 The other thing, Rob, I might add to that would be you've even seen, you know, really
 since COVID, a couple of transactions by well tower.
 that are very supportive of that.
 that you've seen cap rates sort of right in the mid-fives
 for those portfolios.
 So I think that underscores that five and a half range
 for typical MOBs and portfolios is very consistent
 is very consistent over the last, really, couple of years.
 And then occasionally you see deviations from that.
 Or when you get down to specific assets that may drive it to towards five or less or the
 other way for lower quality assets.
 Thank you
 Our next question will come from Vikram Mahaltra with Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 This first one, you had a nice improvement on the fad payout,
 and you highlighted where you think this could kind of end up towards your end.
 And I'm just wondering how sustainable that level is.
 Is there any GAPX kind of bump we should expect next year,
 or do you think this level is sort of sustainable going forward?
 bickering that you obviously
 You, Chris, I'll touch on it.
 maybe you jump in, but remember we're all social distancing.
 so we aren't as easily able to not talk over each other,
 which I apologize, Chris, but I would say on the dividend,
 You're exactly right, Vikram.
 Chris mentioned low 90s for this year.
 And certainly, we're trying to steadily improve that.
 So we do hope to maintain that level,
 it's not improve it
 each year, but, you know, as Chris also talked about,
 we've got a lot of leasing strengthening
 as we go into the later part of this year and into next year.
 So we do expect that what probably benefited us frankly in the second
 quarter and maybe even in the third would be a little less spending on TI because of the
 slowdown and leasing, we see that probably picking right back up later in the year and
 into next year.
 So, you know, it's a little early to tell exactly where we'll be for 21, but we like
 the direction generally where we're headed and we'll certainly have a better sense of
 that as we start putting our plans together for 21 later this year.
 Okay, great.
 I think Todd's right, only I would add to that is just the idea that where we are in
 in terms of our capital other than TI.
 I don't see any major shifts there.
 but if we don't see the continued improvement
 that we had been seeing the last several of years.
 It would be tied to absorption and new leasing, which is great for long-term in terms of earnings
 and such, but could, you know, slow the momentum temporarily in terms of continued driving
 that payout ratio lower.
 We're certainly moving in the right direction.
 Okay, great.
 And then just a little bit more color on the pipeline.
 I know in the past, we've alluded to potentially looking
 a bit more at off-campus.
 I'm just wondering, through COVID, are there, you know,
 How would that thought process change?
 maybe give a sense of the pipeline mix between on and off,
 and also just through COVID.
 Are there any other markets you're thinking about in terms of new investments or development?
 Rob, do you want to touch on maybe the current pipeline and what that might look like on
 versus off and then I can add to it.
 Yeah, I think that when you look at the current pipeline,
 And the majority of it is on an adjacent, but there are a few assets in there that kind
 to fall into the on-campus category by our definition, and I think those are kind of
 similar to what you've heard us say in the past that come about strong markets
 markets that are markets where we already have investment, and you know that I think
 That's where, if we are going to go off campus,
 That's where you think we will do that kind of investing.
 markets that we know and are familiar with, and investing in off-campus assets that are
 sort of part of the provider network
 and when it's off to that relationship.
 I would add, Rob, that in terms of just thinking
 differently, you know, post COVID or now we're still in COVID.
 but as we look ahead,
 I don't see that we would make a tremendous change
 in the markets that we're going after,
 I think with the ones we've been working on,
 building our presence in still look very attractive to us, you know, even with what's
 going on now.
 Obviously, like everyone, we're going to be watching all the trends.
 We're not heavily exposed to certain markets in the Northeast, New York, Boston, great
 cities, obviously, but there are some bigger challenges that may come over time with office
 demand and so forth, less about health care there, but I would say we really like some
 of the tech job concentration that we see in a lot of the markets we've been focused
 I mean, two of the markets that we've added, you kind of ask that question about adding
 markets.
 We just have to
 at San Diego, as Rob pointed out.
 In the last year, we've been adding a bit in Raleigh,
 the Raleigh-Durham area, which we like as well.
 But merely 90% of what we've been doing,
 80, 90% of the activity in the last few years has been very focused on our top 15 markets.
 So it's a lot of activity in the same markets we've been building scale in, and then occasionally
 reaching out, like I mentioned, to San Diego, Raleigh, some others like that, there's probably
 Really broad four or five other markets we certainly look at and see some depth in but
 You know, we're definitely leaning towards the markets we're currently invested in.
 Great, thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question will come from Jordan Sattler with Keybank Capital Markets.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 First I just want to follow up on the pipeline.
 I'm not sure if I'm overly reading into your commentary,
 but it sounded like you mentioned a large and growing pipeline.
 Is there potentially more behind this, or is there a handful of larger deals that you're looking at?
 I'm noticing you're taking the leverage on a pro forma basis quite low and I know it's
 good.
 So it doesn't make sense, but I'm guessing pro-forma levered with the forward equity
 and...
 and mercy used by closer to four times this,
 or I think I'm wrong.
 So I'm kind of curious what you're teed up for.
 Yeah, I would say on the pipeline, Jordan, our team is always building and adding to
 our pipeline.
 And we take the approach of, you know,
 I think if you look at what we've closed on this year,
 about 80% of that is what we would consider, you know,
 all for lightly marketed deals.
 So our team is out there constantly developing
 those relationships.
 We've identified buildings that we want to own.
 And, you know, we have dialogue with the sellers or brokers in those markets that we trust
 and are constantly trying to get those sellers to the table.
 So we think that behind what we've laid out here,
 Certainly, there's more opportunity
 that we're working on.
 And I think that's where we see the growth
 in the pipeline coming and setting this up well for 2021.
 So I think that's why we have the confidence that we do,
 because we see the dialogue that our team is having
 with these sellers that are sort of behind
 what we've laid out here.
 Thank you.
 I would add to that I do think I mean I think maybe what's in your question too
 is sort of, you know, are we preparing for something bigger?
 I think it's more about, I mean, in some ways, yes,
 but it's not a complete change of stripes for us.
 I think it's very much sticking to what Rob just described.
 really going after and targeting what we want rather than
 you know waiting on the market deals
 That said, of course, we look at the market of deals, and if they measure up, we certainly
 go after them and it's not, you know, we certainly are encouraged that, you know, we would like
 to, you know, go after some deals if we can in this situation where we seem, you know,
 to be able to, as you said, have to cap all the resources,
 But again, we're going to probably stick to, as you would know us to do, stick to the
 quality side of things, but we're encouraged by the productivity and the effectiveness
 that Rob described of sustaining a higher level of acquisition.
 I think that's the key and really recognizing the importance of prudent growth through external
 growth, in addition to our internal growth, to kind of work that algorithm of FFO growth
 for sure.
 It is the mix and I know I think it was you just you just spoke to a question of a similar thing
 But is the mix going to skew, continue to skew toward the adjacent type assets, you think?
 I certainly think we will skew towards on and adjacent versus off, but again, we're
 They're okay with off.
 Rob touched on that.
 We are okay with that.
 I would say today we sit closer to almost 90% on an adjacent.
 We have done a fair bit of adjacent, as you kind of point out, and sometimes, you know,
 you find is those are the ones that you can go in and target and get, you know, really
 get those assets more regularly and you know the on-campus it's tough because
 you're waiting for those hospitals to let that go typically.
 So we really like the dynamic, though, of on and adjacent.
 And I could see, you know, the off fluctuating.
 I think we maybe last year hit around 25% off.
 So we're okay with that.
 It's still going to skew that way towards on an adjacent though.
 Okay, and then lastly, like maybe for Chris on the cap rates, I've got the cash cap rates
 I'm kind of here.
 You mentioned the escalators on mercy.
 Can you give me the gap cap rate on this position?
 And then I'm just curious what the escalators
 and you definitely look on the acquisition as well.
 Yeah, on Mercy, the gap in cash were pretty close to the same
 because we were about at the midpoint of the least turn.
 So they're kind of right on top of each other.
 in terms of the new acquisitions that we're looking at.
 The escalators, as I mentioned, are pretty similar to what our existing portfolio is.
 you know, that 2.8 to 2.9 range in terms of
 escalators and it varies on the impact of to gap based off of the term that's inside
 of our acquisitions.
 But in general, we typically say the gap adds about 25 to 50 basis points to the cap rate
 on a gap basis in our acquisitions.
 Okay, it's actually clarifying.
 Our next question will come from Lucas Hart-Ritch with Green Street Advisors.
 Please go ahead.
 I think they're room for your time this morning.
 This is John Nontra Lucas, just a quick one for me.
 Just looking at the improvements in your expectations for the cash-releasing spreads
 on the multi-tenant side.
 You know, what's behind that optimism?
 Mostly, the year-to-day trends are pretty favorable, and just wondering if there's actually
 –
 some opportunity for some outside there as well. Thank you very much.
 Yeah, if you really look at the change in our guidance on on the cash leasing spreads
 We did change it this quarter compared to last but that really was just kind of
 bringing it back more in line with what we had seen pre-COVID.
 Last quarter we were taking, we didn't want to be overly aggressive, you know, not having
 a lot of leasing data in the midst of what was going on, and so we had taken down our
 our expectations, but as we worked through releases during the quarter and continued
 our discussions, you know, things have really shown great, you know, resilience.
 And so, our expectations is that our cash leasing spreads will be able to kind of maintain
 what we had been seeing previously, which long-term we say we expect three to four.
 And so far we're seeing that those types of metrics are holding up well.
 And our next question will come from Rich Anderson with SMBC.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks, everybody. Good morning.
 So, one thing we are not talking about is the risk going forward of reinfection, you
 You know, certainly in many of the states that you traffic in, we've seen some uptick,
 No talk of sort of a reversal of, you know,
 elective surgery shutdowns and whatnot.
 Can you?
 Can you discuss that a little bit about how you're seeing that play out, even though the
 availability, or states are allowing for elective surgeries, are people really jumping in and
 doing it and is there a risk that, you know, a month or so from now we could be having
 another conversation about shutting it down.
 down.
 Rich, it's a very good question, and I think we all sort of have that unease going into
 of the fall, collectively, that things can change.
 And, you know, we have the flu season coming.
 and things get worse typically in the winter.
 So it's a very good question.
 i do think you know we don't want to be clever about
 the optimism because you know it's it's a long road here
 and you know maybe the toughest time ahead of us.
 The good news is, I think, as Bethany pointed out and I pointed out, and we've all seen
 And there's just been a lot of improvement on treatments and how to deal with this.
 So I think we all feared, obviously, in the front end,
 that hospitals would just be totally overwhelmed.
 And obviously that was tested in a couple of places,
 including New York. And I think the good news is we came out on the better end of what
 that we all feared.
 So, you know, you're seeing it, as you said, in hotspots.
 you know, Houston went through it and you're seeing different places and the good news
 is they seem to be handling it, and it's not creating these long, lengthy shutdowns.
 you know you did see in texas the governor trying to push you know some
 some again you know policies there but it really actually was a bit of a
 carve out for ASCs, you know, and some of the outpatient surgeries.
 it was more about protecting that inpatient capacity.
 So I do think you're gonna see a little bit of that.
 We do have to brace for that in terms of hotspots.
 i don't think it's you know nationwide shut it all down
 the way it was early on it's going to be much more targeted and
 You know, I'm no expert any more than anybody on the phone,
 but as we watch this move around the country,
 you know it's kind of
 It's the hotspot.
 It's these fires that kind of come up and then burn out.
 And I hope that continues to be quelled and contained.
 But I think it's very encouraging what we're seeing.
 And even though we might experience some issues,
 I think we're encouraged.
 I mean, the public companies that report their surgery numbers
 have been really incredible.
 So I don't think there's a big hesitation
 come back and do it, it'll just be a matter of, you know, the public health officials
 continue to sort of treat this in a targeted way rather than a blanket way, and we think
 I think that will be the case.
 Okay.
 My second question, and last question, is what is your perspective of how the hospital
 industry looks like after this is all done.
 I mean, would you say the hospital in business?
 Not the medical office business, per se, but the hospital business is weakened by all
 this in the sense that, you know, we kind of went in over hospital to begin with and
 Maybe this fast tracks some consolidation or closings
 that probably, or maybe, would have happened eventually.
 I'm just wondering, picking your relationships becomes even more important in the aftermath
 because the hospital industry, overall, is probably a notch weaker because of everything
 that happens.
 Yeah, I think it's a fair assessment and good commentary.
 We were having a discussion with our board earlier this week
 about that with several health system leaders there on our board, and I think it's what
 What you said, it's the classic problem that these crises, just like the financial crisis
 cause. The strong are going to get stronger, the weaker are going to get weaker, and there's
 different dynamics to that, but in the hospital world it's very true, and you know, you're
 we're seeing an HCA do extremely well coming through this.
 And I think they do a good job of figuring it out.
 And there's a lot of not-for-profit systems that
 leaders in their markets.
 I do think the strength and scale matters, larger systems versus small independent system
 obviously, you know, more urban versus in suburban versus rural is going to be a huge
 trend.
 the trend of moving into the cities, everybody's questioning a little bit, but I still think
 those strong, you know, population growth centers are going to be where you're going
 see the success.
 And so I do think you are correct
 that taking the right partners will matter more,
 being a sharpshooter will continue to be critical for success.
 And I think that's something we've been honing
 ever since we sort of found that trend to be true from the financial crisis
 even before. So it's true. I do think you're right. The hospital's probably taken, you
 you know certainly clearly taken a hit were helped a lot by the cares act
 and CMS in general, but I do think we're encouraged that the strong ones, I mean, this is a demand
 need-based business.
 You know, this isn't just, you know, selling luxury items.
 It's very much need-based.
 And so there's a huge need for it, as I made my comments, a remark that, I mean, hospitals
 are proving that they're so critical.
 And I think the acuity level of hospitals is only getting
 continue to climb, and you're going to see acuity level at outpatient climb both on and
 off campus. It's a continuum and I think you know all those innovations will continue
 And it will be a little bit more of a winner versus loser
 game and I think we're we're pretty well positioned to to follow that trend and as
 is related to that response.
 Thanks, Todd.
 That was great.
 do you think the long-awaited monetization of hospital
 in medical office will be, you know, more of a realistic outcome of this, even for stronger
 hospitals that maybe you're now taking on, you know, more market share, need more technological
 advances and so on. Is that something that we can finally say?
 It's not not not to get religious, but it's like testing our faith right in this theory
 And it's just, we've got to keep the hope alive, right?
 We just haven't seen it is the real answer.
 It has all the makings to suggest that would be possibly true.
 we have a very contradicting data point here with the mercy transaction that we
 just did
 a little bit of a specific situation where they had a propensity to want to own their
 assets.
 So that's a little different.
 But we've heard of a few other anecdotes just recently of some other hospitals doing
 similar things.
 So, you know, hospital systems think strategically very differently.
 They don't focus.
 I mean, as they should, they focus on providing care and all the things they need to do to
 to expand their business and succeed.
 They're not sitting around thinking about cap rates
 frame of these but
 I think there's going to be, there are going to be some more of those.
 it may be a little bit more from your stressed systems.
 And so then weeding through that back to your earlier question, figuring out is it worth
 it?
 systems to be with is the question for that.
 Thanks.
 The next question will come from John Chin with BMO Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks, good morning.
 Todd, in your opening remarks, you mentioned St. John Hawaii turning back to 3%, which
 certainly against recent trends of not only HR,
 of other MLB leads.
 I'm just wondering if you could just discuss
 your confidence levels and that statement,
 And if that's being driven by occupancy picking up,
 for leasing spreads on leases that you're negotiating now.
 I think the simple answer is, and Chris always hits this, that our average contractual rent
 bump across, you know, multi-tenant and single-tenant is 2.83 percent.
 It's 2.89 for the multi-tenant.
 so that's that's the driver
 of our same-store growth.
 and and what chris always walks through
 is okay we we grew the revenue at that level and then you're right you you
 advance that ball a little bit with cash leasing spreads but that's a pretty
 small piece of the pie each you know quarter or year so you do help that you do have a
 a little bit of turnover as well that kind of hurts that, but the revenue model is more
 of a high twos kind of number and then really it becomes, you know, what are your expenses
 doing and how much operating leverage do you have your margin and so that's the
 algorithm we see that gets us there pretty conservatively with it, but it's really the
 The big driver is our revenue model of our escalators and we continue to feel good about
 that.
 Actually, these things spread to help at the margin.
 Absolutely.
 And as Chris talked, you know, we're looking to try to drive absorption as we go into 21,
 And that will help also.
 But even without a lot of increased absorption,
 you can see same store IGROS running around three.
 And how does free rent impact this number?
 because I imagine you are offering more free run or you have more recently.
 Chris, do you want to touch on that?
 Yeah, I mean obviously free rent will go into it if you have a larger percentage of it versus what you had before,
 but I'll say generally, no, we're not adding a lot of pre-rent.
 We really don't have much of any inside of our renewals.
 If we're doing it at all, it typically is inside of new leasing.
 And so when you have that with the new leasing, it just kind of creates a little bit of a
 delay before you see the revenue impact from that absorption. But overall, no, we've not
 seen a marked expansion of free rent.
 Okay, and then maybe I'll ask Nick Joseph's question a little bit differently.
 I think at the GNA rate, you mentioned $150 million of acquisitions you had under contract,
 and now you've closed $82 million post-quarter.
 Are you still on track to close that remaining $70 million or so, or have any of those deals
 followed?
 Yes, we're still on track to close those.
 I think we've got, I think I mentioned we have 163 million that's either under contract
 or LOI, so we've actually increased that under contract amount since the last time.
 And I think, Rob, too, you said, and we expect that we will close those two categories under
 contract in L.I. by your end, which is what will help us get those mercy proceeds reinvested
 by urine.
 Right, and the four adjacent acquisitions, you mentioned they're a rate of health systems
 are those health systems that all tenants in the building
 required?
 They have I would say that there are have
 We certainly have physicians that are utilizing the hospital next door.
 I think there's one where the hospital is not a tenant, but all the others are tenant
 at Hofstra.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, John.
 Our next question will come from Todd Stinder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
 Thanks probably in order just to stick with that last theme about the the assets under contract and maybe this is for Rob
 Can you speak to the condition of those buildings?
 buildings. I know historically you guys are prepared to put some redevelopment dollars
 into them, but in the context of maybe Todd, what you were speaking to, maybe TI's come
 down, maybe just getting some broader thoughts about how you guys are allocating capital.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, I would say that the assets that were in the contract to purchase are alive and they're all in
 in good condition.
 I mean, we're not planning to invest a significant amount
 capital into any of them as a redevelopment play, if that's answering your question.
 It is, thank you, and then maybe for God, did I hear that right?
 the expectations of lower TI's coming down the road?
 I think that's a 2020 phenomenon.
 we're not necessarily suggesting that
 uh... looking at the twenty one we actually think it should rebound to
 to sort of historical levels and relationships.
 And all that is, is what we've heard some others say too.
 We had slower tours and new leafing activity with new
 perspective net new tenants that create absorption, which is where you have higher TI spend in
 the second quarter, you know, especially April and even a little in May, and therefore you
 You get this lag effect of when those tenants would normally take occupancy, and that's
 probably a third and fourth quarter phenomenon.
 So it's really a back half issue,
 and even a little bit you saw in the second quarter.
 So, you know, that's all we're saying.
 and then back to sort of normalize levels in 21.
 I would clarify that too, you know, that's a little bit on the perspective leasing front,
 that Todd's talking about, and we don't know for sure
 where we're kind of running different scenarios.
 And so we're looking at one scenario that, yes, we could see a little bit less absorption
 here in the next couple of quarters and then rebounding, which could have an impact, but
 But then also, if you look at it in terms of total spinning, you start looking at fad
 right now.
 We are running at the low end and, frankly, a little below the low end of our guidance
 range as it relates to second gen TI.
 And so there's just timing that is always related to that, so that may pick up, certainly
 within
 will be in the range back to, you know, potentially near the midpoint of the range.
 And so that's part of what is playing into the guidance as it relates to FAD and my
 I've prepared remarks I talked about, you know, right now we are running significantly
 below where we are on a trailing 12-month basis, but we do think that that can pick
 up in the later half of the year and what drives our view that our FAD payout ratio
 So we'll probably end up the year down in the low 90s, not in the low 80s that you
 solve this quarter. So I just wanted to clarify that point.
 helpful, because that's where I was going ultimately with this, is seeing that
 sad payout ratio decline and in the spirit of seeing maybe some dividend growth at some
 point, but maybe it doesn't shake out that low. Okay, that's helpful. All right, that's
 That's it for me.
 Thank you.
 Next time.
 The next question will come from Teo Okuseya with Mizuho.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes. Good morning, everyone. Congrats on the transaction. That makes perfect sense to me.
 My focus is really on the outlook for the MOBs.
 I think you mentioned in your comments earlier on that, you know, hospitals in general and
 So that would seem to be doing well.
 want to kind of think about each of the results
 than some of the other hospital operators,
 But a lot of that is also kind of due to the massive amount
 they've kind of received over this period as well.
 You just kind of talk about how you're thinking about kind of in a world where there are no
 you know, grants or in a world where, you know, where that sort of government funding
 is decreased maybe in the next, you know, act, that Congress and act.
 you know, what do you kind of see happen in that world?
 I mean, specifically, we start to see deferrals going up again
 or, you know, we'd love for you to just understand on that.
 Well, it's all speculation, obviously, Taya, but it's interesting.
 I think we saw the most extreme thing, hopefully,
 that we'll ever see in our lifetimes, right?
 But maybe not.
 right right so you know april was just absolutely extreme and clearly the
 government steps in and we just hope, you know, we don't see that again.
 But I think we've, as I mentioned, we've learned a lot.
 And I think we learned that hospitals, you know, good or bad, you know, hospitals and
 positions, they really make a lot of money on the elective procedure side and surgeries.
 And when that was shut down, I mean you're cutting off the most profitable segment of
 the business and, you know, healthcare, it's a little cold to say that because obviously
 there are
 they're only supposed to be doing what's necessary, but it is necessary.
 there's a ton of that need.
 And so when you cut off that lifeblood, if you will,
 it really hurts the system.
 So I think now, if you go back to the discussions earlier,
 where it's more of a targeted approach and maybe, you know,
 for a short period in houston they
 They asked, you know, for some elective procedures to be,
 to be, you know, reduced.
 and not even in all ASCs, but in hospitals.
 So I think you're gonna see a more targeted approach
 rather than the sort of absolute month-long or more shutdown.
 So therefore, it shouldn't be quite as financially difficult.
 Is it gonna be tough?
 Yeah, just like schools.
 schools for a lot of us, you know, with kids and it's going to be tough, you know, as soon
 is they shut down the school for a week or two or something, or even if you're lucky
 if they're open.
 There's going to be ebbs and flows as I mentioned in my remarks, but I think we're much better shaped today
 than we were when we knew very little in March.
 So, I don't think it's as dire as, you know, we could all fear, but, you know, it's never,
 David Emory used to always say it's never as good or as bad as it may seem and that's
 probably very appropriate here it it it will be not easy but it I don't think
 it's going to be as bad as it was, and it's not changing our outlook about hospitals and
 on-campus MOBs.
 uh... will watch that just like everybody
 but I think in my own experience, you know,
 Personally, if you've ever dealt with a family member or a friend or loved one, whatever it might be,
 who's had a serious illness, you don't think twice about going to the hospital or going
 to that, you know, high acuity specialist that might be near the hospital.
 and it gets real, that's what this is about.
 You know, the light touch stuff and it's really cool that there's innovations that can do
 things, you know, in lower costs, you know, off-campus settings, and that's fine.
 That's a very real thing and not to say that trend is not real, but you know, we think
 the dynamics of real estate and demand supply and demand are best
 where it's that high acuity, sort of,
 nucleus if you will around the hospital and and is rich ask you know we got a
 to watch that nucleus.
 make sure it's healthy, the hospitals that we're working with.
 So that's our focus.
 So that's helpful.
 Thank you.
 Next time