 Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone.
 Amatek had another excellent quarter.
 we deliver results that exceeded our expectations
 and continue to see very solid growth
 in both sales and orders.
 This growth is broad-based across our businesses.
 Our businesses are executing very well,
 which is evident in our strong operating performance.
 and past generation.
 this strong sales and operating performance
 is translating it to excellent earnings results.
 with the alluded earnings per share in the second quarter.
 up 10% over the prior year.
 As a result, we have again raised our full year earnings guidance range.
 Now on to the financial and business highlights for the quarter.
 Sales in the second quarter were a record 1.06 billion, up 9% compared to the same
 Order in 2016.
 Organic sales were up 4%.
 The acquisitions add a six percent.
 foreign currency was a 1% head when in the quarter.
 We are very encouraged with the continued strong level of organic sales growth, as it
 because it again exceeded our expectations.
 We also saw excellent growth in orders, with overall orders up 20%, and organic orders
 up a very strong 12 percent.
 This order performance follows a strong order performance
 saw in the first quarter is driving a record-level backlog at over $1.3 billion.
 The operating income in the quarter was $232.4 million, up 6% from the second quarter of 2016.
 reported offering income margins were 21.8% in the quarter.
 with core margins at 22.7% up 30 basis points
 versus the prior year.
 Diluted earnings per share was $0.65, an increase of 10% compared to last year's second quarter
 a fifty-ninth sense per share.
 our strong operating performance continues
 to translate into excellent cash flow generation.
 Operating cash flow in the quarter was excellent, with free cash flow conversion at 123 percent
 and I'm not income.
 Now turning to the individual operating groups.
 First, the electronic instrument screw.
 the quarter, EIG sales were a record 657.7 million, up 10% versus the second quarter
 of 2016.
 Organic sales were up 2%.
 The acquisitions of Rollins, new instruments, and HS oils contributed 9%, and foreign currency
 was a 1% headwind.
 One.
 The IG's operating income for the second quarter was very strong at $165.2 million, up 9 percent
 versus the same period in 2016.
 with offering income margins of an excellent 25.1%.
 The electric mechanical group had another grade quarter with robust sales and orders growth.
 Overall sales were up 7% versus the second quarter of 2016.
 Organic sales were also up 7%, with 1% acquisition growth offset by a 1% foreign currency headwind.
 EMG's second quarter operating income was 85.6 million, up 7% over the prior year with
 of operating income margins are very strong, 21%.
 Overall, our results for the quarter were outstanding.
 Hematech is performing very well.
 we are poised for a strong second half of the year.
 Before I discuss our updated outlook for the year,
 Let me touch on developments and our four growth strategies.
 Thank you.
 We are very pleased with our efforts on the acquisition front.
 We completed the acquisition of Mocon on June 22, following shareholder and regulatory
 approvals.
 MOCON is the leading provider of laboratory and field gas analysis instrumentation.
 to research labs, production facilities,
 and QC departments in food and beverage, pharmaceutical,
 and industrial applications.
 We are very excited about this acquisition,
 and I would like to welcome the Mokon team to Amatek.
 with the acquisitions of MoCon and Rollin to very high-quality businesses.
 Amatec is deployed approximately $520 million in capital,
 us for in 2017.
 Our M&A and business development teams remain very active in developing our acquisition
 pipeline. We remain confident in our ability to continue to deploy our free cash flow and
 value and enhancing acquisitions.
 as we've proven.
 Amatec has a-
 .
 robust acquisition process in place to integrate
 and improve acquired businesses.
 Next, new product development.
 We continue to design and develop new products and solutions to solve our customers most
 complex and challenging problems.
 We have outstanding engineering talent, combined with excellent new product development capability.
 Vitality Index, which measures the portion of total sales coming from new products, was
 That was excellent.
 of sales in the second quarter.
 This level of vitality speaks to the quality and success of our new product development efforts.
 I wanted to highlight one example of a new product introduced in the second quarter.
 The Cree of Form, match shot next.
 The MACSHOT NEXT is a new optical coordinate measuring system designed for large-scale
 metrology projects, mainly in the aerospace, automotive, and transportation industries.
 With this new product, pre-affirmed has achieved a major industry milestone by developing an
 an intelligent measurement solution,
 with autonomously-guided users to the right measurements.
 a 40% more accuracy and unparallel ease of use.
 This product received the prestigious Red Dot Design Award for Design Excellence in 2017.
 Creaform is an excellent example of a business that has generated significant organic growth
 an excellent market expansion to the development of new products and solutions around this
 core 3D metrology.
 across all of our businesses in 2017.
 We expect to increase our investment in our D&E to approximately $220 million, which is
 roughly 5% of our sales.
 This is an increase of approximately 10% over 2016.
 We also continue to expand in new markets around the world.
 International sales in the second quarter
 made up 51% of our total sales.
 with very strong organic growth in China, India,
 the Middle East, and other parts of Southeast Asia.
 due to the investments we have made
 to expand our presence in these regions.
 In addition to these incremental investments, we have also expanded our operational excellence
 capabilities.
 with new tools targeted at improving our sales, marketing, and channel management processes.
 One of the new tools are growth patterns
 Both ties-ons are specific.
 Continue some improvement projects.
 Targeted at expanding our market share in an attractive growth market or geography where
 or a business unit may be under-penetrated.
 about one year into our rollout.
 We are very pleased with the success we are seeing and expect the expansion of this growth
 growth kaizan process, across more of our businesses will drive continued incremental
 growth opportunities.
 We are also pleased with our efforts to improve overall efficiency and drive operational savings.
 For all of 2017, we continue to expect approximately 100 million in total operational excellence
 savings.
 in addition to this level of savings.
 Our teams continue to drive.
 meaningful improvements in working capital, thus driving improved operating performance
 in cash flow generation.
 They will provide more specific details on our working capital performance, but I wanted
 to commend our teams for their great work in this area.
 Thank you.
 Now let me switch to the updated outlook for the year.
 For all of 2017, we now expect overall sales to increase high single digits on a percentage
 basis compared to 2016.
 Organic sales are now expected to be up,
 Load amid single digits.
 We have increased our earnings guidance range
 for 2017 to $2.46 to $2.52 per WX year.
 up 7% to 10% over 2016 adjusted earnings.
 This is an increase from our prior guidance range
 of $2.40 to $2.48.
 For the third quarter of 2017, we are expecting overall sales to be up approximately 10 percent
 with organic cells up low single digits.
 We anticipate diluted earnings per share
 for the third quarter will be in the range of $0.60 to $0.62,
 up 7% to 11%.
 compared to the third quarter of 2016.
 To summarize, the second quarter results were outstanding.
 with high-quality earnings growth driven by sales and superb operating performance.
 The exceptional work that our world-class teams have put in through the first half of
 the year has positioned the company for very strong earnings growth in 2017.
 Through our four growth strategies, we are focused on maximizing the company's potential
 in our improving markets and investing in the future to provide both short and long-term
 success.
 I will now turn it over to Bill Burke, who will cover some of the financial details for
 the quarter and the year.
 then we'll be glad to take your questions.
 So, sure, Matt.
 EIG had a 2% organic growth in Q2, but that was really a situation of large job shipping
 or shifting to the right.
 The reason that, I'm not worried about it because the organic growth of EIG was 8%.
 We're very bullish on the second half of the year of EIG, and it really was just a one-quarter
 and it really wasn't that bad.
 And again, with the 8% order of growth organically, it looks good for the second half.
 Got it.
 and then with respect, thank you.
 Yeah, the first point is there's always jobs that move in and out, so there wasn't one
 specific job. The orders for the quarter were generally increasing. They started
 April where we thought they were and they increased and they were very strong in
 See you in June.
 a typical cold quarterly pattern, but it ended in a very strong June.
 Sure, Brett.
 Our price across the company was a little over a point in Q3,
 so that's a little over a point-positive price.
 And total inflation across the company was about one point.
 So we were a slight benefit to the P&L.
 And when we look out for the second half of the year,
 We expect similar environment.
 inflation may pick up a bit but we think we can get some more pricing also so we
 We don't, you know, because of where we're at with our products, we're very differentiated
 in most of our businesses.
 We really don't see inflation moving through the channel yet, and I expect to maintain positive
 of price-cost ratios throughout the year.
 Right, that's a great question.
 You know, our email business, as we went into the year, we called that flat and we mentioned
 in Q1, that sales were flat, but orders were slightly ahead of sales.
 And we continue to see improved end market conditions with orders up sharply and organic
 sales up mid-single digits in the quarter.
 So if you look at EIG, EMG had organic orders of 17% and the eMIT business, the metals business
 succeeded that rate.
 So really,
 the
 You've got a situation where the EMIC orders bounce back sharply.
 In terms of oil and gas, it was a similar story.
 We entered the year we were pleased with our first quarter
 performance of flat sales, orders were a little bit ahead.
 Our current forecast now is for oil and gas to be up low single digits.
 We now expect upstream to be up high single digits and the mid and downstream business
 to be flat.
 So we feel pretty good about both metals and oil and gas.
 over the two end markets that cause us some headwinds.
 So those headwinds are no longer there,
 and we're performing very well and we're very optimistic
 for the second half of the year.
 Sure, that's a great question.
 We saw roughly one point of FX headwind to sales in Q2,
 to, which was similar to what we saw in Q1 with a dollar weakening a bit recently we
 expect there to be no real FX impact in Q3, and likely a bit of a tail end in Q4 if it's
 That is it.
 So for the year, for the full year, we expect a modest FX headwind turning around in Q4.
 And, you know, as we talked about last year, when the dollar was strengthening, we were
 We're a big exporter from the U.S. and we export about a billion dollars.
 With the currency weakening, with the dollar weakening, it's certainly going to improve
 our competitors in this. So we're encouraged with that.
 So what I can tell you is that we already talked about the core operating income margins
 is making up 30 bips, 22.7%.
 and if we look at the EIG and the EMG segments,
 the group level, the operating income on a core basis was up 50 bits and for EIG it was
 up 60 bips for EMG. So we had really good performance and we had some below the line
 and GNA stuff, and that included covering the one-time cost
 the acquisition cost that we don't typically carve out.
 The underlying business is strong, and what you saw was the reported operating margins
 of 21.8 percent.
 That included all that acquisition related work.
 Good morning, Scott.
 So if you look at our G&A cost, we were up about $5 million over last year, and about
 On behalf of that was from the incentive comp that we talked about in past calls.
 We really had low incentive payouts in 2016, and now we're obviously performing much better.
 So about half of that was the incentive cost, and about half of it was related to the retirement
 of our executive term.
 And going around the business, I'll start with Aerospace.
 Our overall aerospace cells were up low single digits in the quarter.
 we saw a solid growth across these of our segments,
 including continued strong growth in our commercial OEM business.
 and we saw higher military cells in the quarter.
 We saw excellent order growth in a quarter driven by a number of large military projects
 that...
 They were, if you recall, talking about them in 2016, they were sliding to the right.
 well, they actually booked in the first half of this year, as well as continuing solid
 commercial orders. So for all of 2017 we continue to expect our aerospace business to be up
 low to mid-single digits, with growth expected to be across all of each of our market segments.
 Our process businesses had a solid second quarter
 with overall sales up mid-teens and organic sales up low single digits.
 Orders were also strong in the quarter with broad-based strengths, sales for oil and gas
 businesses were up low single digits in the quarter, continuing their positive
 of sequential trends.
 We now expect low single-digit growth for oil and gas for all of 2017.
 As a result of the solid orders, we now expect organic sales for the process businesses to
 It would be up low to mid single digits for the full year.
 organic sales for our power and industrial businesses were up low single digits in the
 with similar levels of growth across both our power and industrial businesses.
 given the strong order growth in the first half
 and improved heavy truck demand.
 We now expect organic cells for power and industrial
 to be up low to mid single digits for the full year.
 organic sales for our differentiated EMG businesses.
 We're at mid-single digits in the quarter with solid growth across all of our businesses.
 Our email business continues to see improved end market conditions.
 I mentioned previously, orders were up sharply and organic sales up, missing little digits
 in the quarter.
 for all of 2017, we now expect organic sales
 for all of differentiating the EMG to be up,
 low to mid-single digits versus 2016.
 And finally, organic sales in our floor care and specialty motors business were up high
 single digits in the second quarter as this business continues to perform very
 very well.
 For 2017, we continue to expect sales for this business to be up to mid-single digits
 organically.
 if that's correct.
 Two, three sales will be up about 10% and we have organic sales up below the single digits.
 Right, I'll connect those up.
 The first point is Q4 will be a bit stronger than Q3,
 the way the black backlog is playing out, and the orders were very strong as your point.
 based improvement across all of our end markets. Many of our orders have multi-quarter or multi-year
 as customers return to the normal ordering pattern.
 So, as an example of our email business that we talked about, customers placed blanket
 orders.
 shift over the course of a year.
 So, we're executing very well.
 We have a high degree of confidence in our outlook.
 We do feel good about how the earth is playing out,
 but it's just the fact that the orders that are being placed
 are more in our mid and long cycle businesses,
 like a military business, like our metals, our emin business,
 And those are more multi-quarter multi-year ordering patterns.
 So, you know, my, my, and 27.
 All right.
 Mocon will be neutral to EPS in 2017.
 It's about a $70 million revenue deal.
 It's an outstanding company.
 is a very strong niche position in gas analysis instrumentation.
 It's a leading brand, very strong technology
 in an electoral property position.
 Strong growth profile has been a mid-single-digit grower
 in a non-cyclical market, solid aftermarket mix.
 So it checks a lot of our boxes, and we're very pleased with the acquisition.
 But again, it will be neutral to EPS in 2017.
 Yeah, the U.S. was up 1 percent, so it continued improving sequential trend.
 to recall the Q316, it was a negative double digits
 and then Q4 went to negative two, Q1 it was flat,
 and Q2 was plus one.
 So continue that sequential improvement in orders and sales.
 But the one thing that we're encouraged with, orders were very strong in line with the overall
 company orders.
 So we saw a significant change in orders in the U.S.
 Europe was up 6% in line with recent trends, and it was broad-based.
 strength in our process businesses, our dunker motor and business continue to perform very
 strong.
 the Middle East was very strong for us and it resulted in a lot of strength in Europe.
 Asia performed very well, up 10%, driven by strength in our analytical instruments business.
 China was up 11%, so that's two quarters in a row where China's been very strong.
 Japan up 9%. India was up 40%. It's a smaller part of Amatec, but very strong order growth.
 So, really, when you look across the globe,
 group under all regions or all major regions were improving and orders were
 ever had a sales, so we feel good about that.
 Yeah, we have some mixed issues that we talked about early in the year, but with the EIG
 core margins of 50 bits and EMG core margins of 60 bits.
 we feel pretty good about the second half of the year.
 So, we've, overall for the business,
 we had incrementals of 30% in Q2.
 So about the same as Q1.
 And we said that we'd be up in incrementals
 from 20 to 60 bits for the year.
 So we feel, you know, we're performing very well.
 We're getting the pull-through on the incremental volume,
 And I would expect it to continue at the same level it is.
 Yeah, we feel really good about it.
 What we're seeing, you know, we'll make a manufacturer
 capital equipment.
 So there was some excess capacity in the market that needed to be utilized, but we're
 We're seeing increased activity.
 We're seeing it in the upstream market, as I said before, up by single digits.
 We're seeing strong aftermarket MRO business across the globe.
 the mid and downstream market.
 We were calling that maybe down this year to flat,
 to flat, we're feeling more confident because we've looked some significant
 project business in the Middle East.
 We had some businesses that were not penetrated
 the Middle East, we made some investments, and we booked some substantial project business.
 So that project business kind of takes the risk off the table
 from my viewpoint for midstream and downstream
 for the balance of the year or so.
 We feel pretty good about it.
 We didn't get ahead of ourselves and we're still accelerating.
 Before that, when you take the cash and the existing credit facilities, it's about one
 1.5 billion of firepower there, but more importantly is the operating cash flow of the business.
 We're going to generate about 800 million of operating cash flow.
 to CapEx Light or an outside light business model.
 so we'll spend about 1.8 or 1.9% of sales,
 about $80 million on CapEx, so that leaves $720 million
 and a free cash flow to deploy on acquisitions,
 And we've already deployed about 5.20 on Mocon and Rollins.
 So really not constrain with our current strategy,
 with our balance sheet.
 a lot of optionality and a lot of firepower.
 It talks about the M&A Pipeline.
 Our pipeline remains active.
 We're very excited about the quality and breadth of our deal pipeline.
 As we said before, we have a dedicated team of about 10 M&A professionals who work close
 closely with our businesses to identify strategic acquisitions.
 We're in a lot of niche markets, and this allows for a broad set of opportunities for
 in which we can identify the best fit.
 So it allows us to remain disciplined
 in our return metrics.
 and we select the deals that we have the most energy to.
 So we have excellent capability in the deal sourcing
 and the O-M-N-A team from deal sourcing, deal modeling,
 Delegance, integration, and very bullish on M&A,
 very full, very bullish on the future of it, for amethyst.
 We haven't talked about the 2018 yet, but certainly we've already booked some orders
 for 2018, those large projects in the Middle East that I talked about two quarters in a
 And we think the price of oil on that $45 to $50 range is fine.
 It allows us to, we have very differentiated products.
 We have a cap to the aftermarket, that aftermarket is about one-third of the business, the business
 This is geographically dispersed, about one-third in the U.S., two-thirds internationally,
 during the downturn, we continue to invest in our market position.
 So, we feel really good about it.
 We're not expecting it to turn into the gung-ho time of the past.
 At that time, it was about $400 million in revenue for Amatec.
 And now, it's about 240 million sales entering 2017.
 So it's about 6% of the company.
 20% of the company's revenue is from the company's revenue.
 40% upstream.
 40%, 80% min downstream.
 So 20% upstream, 80% mid-dial stream.
 and at the current price of oil,
 we're seeing increased activities.
 Customers are talking to us about orders.
 They have capital to spend, the authority to spend is back in the business units instead
 the C-suite, and we had some modest expectations coming into the year, and we feel solid that
 We're going to keep them or beat them.
 Right, we do have tremendous free cash flow,
 generation and if we reported EBDA would add four points or so to our earnings.
 We haven't made a decision.
 We're not looking at changing right now.
 So at this point, we figured you're smart enough
 to figure that out and we have a GAP quarter, GAP 2018, GAP 2017 versus GAP in 2016.
 But we have noted that we are getting increased questions,
 But we really haven't looked at it in detail, and we haven't made a decision to move to that by any means.
 Good morning, Andrew.
 No, no, not really.
 You know, when you look at the second half of the year, the simple economics, we raised
 our organic sales growth from low single digits to low to mid-single digits, so that's roughly
 on a $60 million increase and if we get a 30% pull through, that gives you about $18
 million dollars and that's about five or six cents so that's the economics of a
 very simply.
 I think we do expect the organic growth for the second half of the year to be a lot like
 to first test with Q4 a bit stronger than Q4.
 Yeah, we haven't done any planning for 2018 yet,
 And we're still focused on 2017, and for 2017, we have solid visibility for the remainder
 of the year.
 It looks like it's going to be strong for us.
 Good morning, Joe.
 No, it doesn't.
 I mean, we're at a place on the value chain, and the arrow
 aerospace industry where, from my view, it's the place to be.
 not at the system integrator level selling to Boeing, we're down on the differentiated
 components. And typically, when we do some type of electronics, it's typically around
 our unique sensing technology to put together a subsystem for, you know, a person that's
 the system integrator.
 So, I don't,
 And the types of work that we have is driven by our center technology, which is proprietary,
 also the
 projects that we get involved that I don't think that will have any effect with Boeing
 creating the avionics business unit that may have a bigger effect upstream from us as the
 an integrator level, but it won't affect our business.
 Yes, the one offset will be the continuing compensation
 in the quarters that we've dealt with the first half of the year, but we're executing
 very well.
 have a high degree of confidence in our outlook.
 And as you said, we did raise our guidance for $0.05 at the midpoint, and it was more
 than our beat for the quarter.
 There may be a bit of conservatism, but we feel very good about how the year is playing out.
 Now EMG's incrementals are a little bit lower than the AIGs, so there isn't anything that's
 It's notable there.
 Thank you.
 Aerospace for our third-party MRO business.
 We expect a solid load of missing or digit growth for the year.
 Those businesses are very steady businesses, they're going very well, and we have some
 niches that are us right now, so we're really good about that, and the balance of amytec
 non-hero space.
 We have largely proprietary after markets tied to our spare parts and services of our equipment.
 And so that's captive and it's growing very well.
 Okay, thank you.