 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by.
 and welcome to the lands in third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. At this time, all
 participant lines on a listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press stars and one on your telephone.
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 If you require any further assistance, please press start and zero.
 I will now hand the conference over to Bernie McCracken, Chief Accounting Officer.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 And thank you for joining the Land's End Earnings Call
 for a discussion of our third quarter fiscal 2020 results, which we released this morning
 and can be found on our website, landsend.com.
 On the call today, you will hear from Jerome Griffith, our Chief Executive Officer and
 President.
 and Jim Gooch, our Chief Operating Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer.
 After the company's prepared remarks,
 we will conduct a question-and-answer session.
 Please also note that the information
 we're about to discuss includes forward looking statements.
 Such statements involve risks and uncertainties.
 the company's actual results could differ materially
 from those discussed on this call.
 Backers that could contribute to such differences include,
 that are not limited to those items noted
 and included in the company's SEC filings,
 including our annual report on Form 10K.
 Quarterly reports on Form 10Q and Form 8K dated June 2, 2020.
 forward-looking information that is provided by the company on this call
 all represents the company's outlook as of today.
 and we do not undertake any obligation
 to update forward-looking statements made by us.
 subsequent events and developments may cause the companies
 outlet to change.
 Of note, in this respect, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have significant impact on our
 and its duration can materially alter our outlook.
 During this call, we'll be referring to non-gap measures.
 These non-GAT measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 to the county principles.
 a reconciliation of non-gap financial measures
 to the most directly comparable GAP measures
 can be found in our earnings release issued earlier today.
 a copy of which is posted in the Investor Relations section
 of our website at lindsend.com.
 With that, I will turn over the call to Jerome Griffith.
 Thank you, Bernie.
 Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a discussion of our third quarter results.
 We were extremely pleased with our third quarter performance.
 Our team's executed at an exceptional level
 to achieve strong results,
 despite the challenges created by COVID.
 I'm both proud and grateful for their efforts.
 The investments we've put toward leveraging data analytics
 to inform our strategies around product, e-commerce,
 and marketing continued to pay dividends in driving growth and new customers and strong
 retention rates.
 We have also made great strides in driving improved profitability.
 that in, in addition to once again generating double-digit growth on our global e-commerce
 business, we delivered 52% adjusted EBITDA growth in the third quarter.
 This performance underscores the momentum behind the lands in brand and the progress
 we are making in delivering long-term profitable growth.
 Additionally, the launch of lands in into Coles.com and 150 Coles stores at the end of September
 is off to a strong start.
 Based on the early success,
 We plan to expand the lands in the assortment and increase the number of points of distribution
 from a hundred and fifty coal stores to three hundred in twenty twenty one also during the
 in a third quarter as previously announced,
 we completed the refinancing of our term debt.
 further improving our liquidity position,
 which Jim will speak to shortly.
 Turning to some brief highlights of our financial results,
 third quarter total revenue grew approximately six percent
 driven by our global e-commerce sales,
 which were up approximately 20%.
 ahead of our expectation for low double-digit growth
 for this business.
 We grew adjusted EBITDA 52% to approximately $29 million
 and expanded adjusted EBITDA margin by approximately 240 basis points to 7.9%.
 We continue to lean into our strong heritage as an American lifestyle brand that offers
 comfort, quality, great value, and a customer first approach to service.
 At the same time, we remain focused on advancing our digitally-led strategies.
 We've further demonstrated our ability to consistently get the product right as we
 We will leverage data analytics to inform our key item strategy and maintain a high quality
 value-oriented offering. For the third quarter, our strongest performers were
 sleepwear, loungewear, and nits.
 Police also perform well, reflecting demand for transitional out-of-wear for the fall
 season.
 Home furnishings, particularly bed and bath, remains an area of strength as people spend
 more time at home.
 We will maintain our emphasis on comfort and value as consumers continue to work from home
 and spend more hours indoors during the cold weather months.
 Turning now to marketing, we remain focused on utilizing data analytics and search engine
 optimization programs to attract new customers, while simultaneously leveraging data to drive
 greater personalization with existing customers.
 We also continue to successfully leverage AI
 to analyze customer behavior and further refine our promotions
 to optimize sales and achieve higher margins.
 our let's get comfy messaging continued to resonate with consumers and it will
 will remain front and center through the holiday season.
 Our strong product offering, combined with our focus on employing a data-driven approach
 which drove continued market share gains with approximately 55% growth in new customers.
 We are very pleased with the high percentage of rebuy rates we continue to see in our core
 customer base as well as with our newer customers.
 This retention is highly encouraging and we still see ample market share opportunity
 ahead of us.
 As a unit channel operator, we remain committed to delivering a consistent, high-quality scene
 with customer experience across all channels.
 to enhance our customer connection wherever, whenever,
 and however they choose to shop.
 During the quarter, we launched Apple Pay and Mobile Checkout
 with very positive early reads on both.
 We also expanded our data-driven approach
 to our catalogs and catalog circulation.
 through utilizing data on existing customers,
 We optimized products per page and fine-tuned our circulation.
 As a result, response rate grew approximately 12 percent,
 on a slight decline in circulation, driving higher
 in our catalogs.
 I'm very proud of our team as they work to maximize efficiency,
 is evident in these results.
 and the lands in brand and catalog is now stronger than ever.
 looking ahead, we're confident that the investments we have been making in our infrastructure
 and foundation throughout the past few years, position us well to drive further market
 share gains in the evolving retail landscape.
 I will speak more to these longer-term strategies
 following Jim's remarks.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
 Thank you, Jerome, and good morning.
 Our globally commerce business, once again,
 delivered strong performance in the third quarter.
 while, as expected, our outfitter business
 remain challenged as a result of the pandemic.
 We continue to make great progress on the strategies we have outlined while leveraging
 our strong foundation to advance our growth initiatives.
 total revenue increased 5.9% to $360 million compared to $340 million last year.
 Momentum continued in our global e-commerce business, which increased 20 percent with
 strong results in our U.S. e-commerce business, which grew approximately 14 percent, and our
 international e-commerce business with a 51% increase for the quarter.
 During the quarter, we saw strength in a number of our categories, including fleece, sleepwear, loungewear, and nets, as well as in our home business.
 With many consumers still working from home, these categories still deliver double-digit growth in the quarter.
 as our marketing strategies emphasize the comfort and value in our product assortments.
 Partially off setting the strong globally commerce growth, sales in our outfitter business
 were down 26% due to ongoing pressures as a result of COVID-19.
 The outfitters' results reflect overall sequential improvement versus last quarter, although
 our travel-related national accounts and our small and mid-sized businesses remain
 challenged. The most significant improvement came in our school uniform
 business where sales were approximately flat to last year for the quarter.
 Overall, we expect performance in this business
 to remain choppy with a recent spike in the pandemic.
 Moving to our retail business sales decreased approximately 44% in the third quarter to $8
 million.
 This decrease was driven by lower traffic due to the pandemic, partially offset by improved conversion in our stores.
 Gross margin in the third quarter increased approximately 10 basis points to 45.4 percent as compared to last year.
 gross margin benefited from our improved promotional strategies
 and continued use of analytics.
 This was partially offset by higher shipping costs
 and surcharges, as well as sales mix from our growing third party business.
 as a percentage of sales, that's GNA,
 improved by approximately 230 basis points to 37.5% compared to 39.8% in the third quarter
 of last year.
 This improvement is a result of increased sales combined with continued discipline expense management across our entire business.
 Income tax expense was $2.8 million compared to an expense of $1.3 million last year.
 Net income for the quarter was $7.2 million or $0.22 per share compared to net income
 about $3.6 million or $0.11 cents per share last year.
 In addition to these gap measures, suggest that EBITDA is an important profit-building
 measures that we use to manage our business internally.
 For the quarter, adjusted EBITDA was $28.6 million, which is approximately a 52% increase
 versus last year of just a bit of $18.8 million.
 Turn to the balance sheet. Inventors at the end of the quarter were 499.8 million, roughly flat, to a year ago.
 The strong sell-through of our global e-commerce business has positioned us with healthy and lean inventories as we head into the holiday season.
 inventory levels related to our outfitter business are elevated.
 although this is not seasonal or a fashion product,
 So we expect to work through this merchandise as the business environment improves.
 During the third quarter, we secured a new term loan of $275 million.
 The loan proceeds combined with borrowings under the company's ABL facility were used
 to refinance our prior term loan, which was due in April of 2021.
 Upon the closing of the refinancing maximum,
 availability under the ABL facility was expanded by $75 million to $275 million.
 The new term loan extends our deterioration and further enhances our strung liquidity
 position with a more flexible balance sheet.
 Turning their outlook for the fourth quarter, we now expect net revenue to be between $500
 and $520 million driven by our global e-commerce business.
 As a reminder, last year's results include approximately $40 million from our American
 and airline closets.
 After adjusting for the American Airlines launch,
 expected net revenue for the quarter would be between a 2%
 decrease and a 2% increase versus prior year.
 We expect net income of $13.5 to $17.5 million and deliver the variance per share to be between
 41 and 53 cents.
 We expect a Chastityboda to be in the range of $38 million to $43 million.
 And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerome to discuss the progress on our
 core growth strategies.
 William, despite the continued uncertainty related to COVID, we continue to demonstrate
 our ability to manage our business effectively and deliver meaningful EBIT dog growth during
 in a very difficult environment.
 We remain focused on driving market share gains
 through continuously enhancing our engagement
 with existing customers and gaining market share
 through our own channel as well as through new partnerships
 and collaborations.
 our four core growth strategies remain,
 getting the product right, being a digitally driven company,
 implementing a unit channel distribution strategy
 and enhance your infrastructure and processes.
 As previously mentioned, we're very pleased with the response to our product offering
 in the quarter.
 As we head into the next slide, we'll be back with more information on the next slide.
 to the holiday season, it will be an important time for gift giving.
 Our key item strategy will focus on sleepwear, outerwear, and home.
 Within these categories, since holiday is an important time for family, we plan to emphasize
 a whole house family messaging.
 specifically with regards to patterns.
 our Let's Get Comfy theme.
 how the relevant in today's environment
 will remain the focus of our messaging.
 Within digital, we continue to see incredible opportunity
 to drive traffic and market share
 as we refine our search engine optimization techniques.
 our holiday promotional and markdown strategy.
 We'll continue to leverage data analytics
 and machine learning to effectively determine optimal
 prices for our customers.
 As a result, we expect lower markdowns and higher product margin rates than previous
 years, despite the highly promotional environment and incremental shipping
 expenses.
 As we advance our data analytics capabilities, from quarter to quarter, we will continue
 to gain further knowledge of customer behavior trends.
 turning to our retail business,
 We continue to monitor retail trends
 to evaluate a post-pandemic store strategy.
 However, with the current rise in cases of COVID-19,
 Our priority right now is the health and safety
 of our associates and customers.
 Turning to our more recent growth initiatives beyond our own channels, we're very pleased
 to see the strong response to Landon brand on both Kohl's.com and in the hundred and
 50 launched stores.
 The product is resonating with customers and we will be expanding our assortment within
 in these doors and coals.com.
 In addition, we plan to double our door count with coals to 300 in 2021.
 We remain confident that this is a great opportunity to expand our reach given the Cole's customer
 Our profile shares the same demographic features as the lands in customer.
 In our Outfitters demo, we will show you some of the features that we have in our Outfitters
 business, our long-term strategy is to focus on our personalization capabilities, which
 which we believe will attract new customers as well as serve the needs of existing customers.
 We plan to implement enhancements to our business output or site to leverage some of the improvements
 we have implemented on our consumer website. While we're in the early stage, as we believe
 this will support longer term growth in our outfitter's business.
 With regard to the land and marketplace, we now have 13 third-party vendors selling
 product on our website, and we are seeing initial results in line with our expectations.
 Our goal is to reach 20 to 25 third-party vendors selling product by year-end.
 Before I turn it over to Q&A, I'd like to update you on our initiatives around diversity
 and inclusion within our organization.
 as this remains of significant importance to us
 as an organization.
 First, we have established a diversity and inclusion
 Council consisting of members of our organization who come from diverse backgrounds and will
 work to create programming and goals for a company to work towards.
 To that end, the council has established both training modules and the speaker series
 that are, respectively, required of and open to all of our employees.
 We have also established business resource groups to provide support for our employees
 with shared experiences.
 We want all of our employees to feel they have a voice,
 and the support they need to utilize it.
 Our journey has just begun,
 but we're committed to learning and improving every day.
 In conclusion, we're incredibly energized
 by the strong momentum in our business.
 we recognize the uncertainty in the environment.
 and it may extend for a period of time
 creating both challenges and opportunities.
 and we will manage our business accordingly.
 the strong foundation we put in place,
 and the progress we continue to make
 on our strategic initiatives.
 give us great confidence in our ability to navigate the challenges and capitalize on
 opportunities as we drive growth in our business.
 We look forward to updating you on our progress
 in future quarters.
 And with that, we'll open it up to questions.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder to ask a question, you will need to press start and one on your telephone.
 To withdraw your question, please press the pound key.
 How can you?
 Our first question comes from the line of Alex Furman,
 With Craig, how long?
 Your line is now open.
 Great, thank you very much for taking my question,
 and congratulations on a really strong quarter.
 No, I wanted to ask about what you've been seeing so far.
 It sounds like the unseasonably warm weather has had a little bit of an impact on your
 outerwear business, anything to call out now that we're just on the other side of Thanksgiving
 weekend about how your brand performed during Black Friday and through Cyber Monday, anything
 notable to call out there.
 Hey Alex, thanks for the question.
 I think like everybody else, we're seeing a shift in consumer behavior this holiday
 season, with obviously an emphasis on online shopping.
 Black Friday itself was a positive day for us, both domestically and internationally.
 We saw a solid growth in our business year over year.
 And we're pretty encouraged by the continued resilience
 and performance of our global e-commerce business.
 But the fourth quarter got off to a slower start in the U.S. particularly due to our heavy outerwear category.
 I don't like to bring up weather, I always think weather is kind of a cheap excuse, but
 I think as everybody knows cold weather hasn't really started yet and if you
 couple that with people staying home and indoors and not commuting because of
 COVID, the demand for heavy outerwear just isn't there yet.
 But if you look at our other categories,
 as you would expect or other categories are performing well.
 same categories in third quarter going into the fourth quarter that people have had good
 demand for.
 Right, that's really helpful, thanks.
 And then it sounds like you guys are acquiring a lot of new
 customers here, or at least did in the third quarter.
 Where has that been coming from?
 If there have been any particular marketing channel that's been effective or new products
 that have been bringing new customers in,
 or has that just been kind of a continuation of the efforts
 that you've been putting in place for a while now.
 It's a bit of a mix.
 I mean, obviously, search has always been the lion's share of where we have new customers
 coming in from the marketing standpoint, but what we've seen is that a couple of other
 areas are performing super well for us, even though we put smaller dollars into social
 media has been doing really well and we've got some video out on connected TV which seems
 to be doing a pretty good job for us.
 A couple of that with big increases in knitwear, loungewear, activewear, which is bringing
 and a lot of newer customers for us.
 and those customers tend to be on the younger side
 from where our adjusting customer base is.
 So that looks pretty good for us.
 Great.
 That's helpful.
 And then lastly, if I could just ask on the outfitter side of the business, I mean, obviously
 that's pretty, you know, closely impacted by the pandemic.
 Just carry it with me.
 with a lot of the biggest companies out there in retail and transportation.
 I mean, what's the outlook for next year?
 You know, at what point do you think things are going to start turning around for some
 of your big customers.
 I think that what you're going to see is a longer clawback in any of the travel
 related products, anybody who's really
 to travel right now. They're seeing increases, albeit small increases.
 I think where we're really going to be concentrating in the outfitter's business is going to be
 on the small and mid-sized businesses and making their customer experience easier.
 We think that there's a big opportunity for us to improve the customer experience online
 of getting your product logoed or getting your product customized in multiple ways and
 making that an easier customer experience, and we're going to see a lot of concentration
 in that part of the business.
 You know, Alex, I think you touched on that as far as the outputters.
 It's really three different businesses,
 if you remember, it's about one-third school,
 one-third small and mid-sized business,
 and one-third of the large national accounts.
 So Jerome mentioned that the large national accounts
 is probably going to be the slowest recovery.
 we're very excited to see the sequential improvement that
 mentioned in the school business and that business was actually fairly flat for the quarter.
 Thank you.
 That's great.
 Thank you very much both of you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Steve Morata with CL King & Associates.
 Our line is now open.
 Good morning, Jerome and Jim, congratulations on the third quarter as well.
 As far as drums, you just touched on it as it relates to staying at home or outerwear,
 Assuming we get a relatively normal winter season from this moment forward, could there
 There will still be a negative impact on that category just because people aren't going
 out as much.
 So how do you quantify that?
 I think Steve from what we put out with guidance, we've taken that into account for what we
 think will be happening over the course of the next few months.
 As you know, the cold weather is really
 in front of us, not behind us, based upon the date.
 So far, so I think we've taken it into account in the guidance.
 Yeah, I think as far as a quantification, Steve, to Jerome's point, it's in the guidance,
 I think the other thing we feel really good about,
 and we mentioned this because we had such a healthy back end
 the second quarter and the third quarter, our inventory positions are so healthy, so
 lean that even though we might have a little bit of challenge in some of the
 heavy outerwear, we don't think there's a lasting impact there.
 Gotcha.
 you comment international commerce was up really really well can you comment
 on the tactics that help that, what is that as a percent of sales right now and how can
 you capitalize on that segment of the business going forward.
 I think a lot of the things that I work
 internationally are a lot of the things that you hear us doing on the US side.
 So, so many of those things we've been doing for the last several quarters here from what
 we've been doing from a digital perspective, from what we've been doing from a data link
 data net analytics perspective from what we've been doing with capturing new
 customers will now roll in many of those things out,
 especially in Europe.
 in Europe and we've really seen significant positive impacts there.
 How big a percent of sales was that in the third quarter?
 And I don't think we give that as a specific number,
 But I think you can go back to history and do some of the math.
 Obviously, it continues to grow.
 The overall global e-commerce business is now
 probably up over 80% as a percent of our total
 with some of the challenges in the Alfredor business
 and that continued growth under your commercialization.
 Okay. Very helpful. Thank you. I'll take the rest of my questions offline. Thank you.
 Thanks, Steve.
 Thank you.
 to know further questions at this time.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation.
 You may now disconnect.