 Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone.
 Earlier today we reported first quarter 2017 adjusted earnings of $939 million and adjusted
 earnings per share of $2.71.
 These results represent year-over-year growth of 14% and 17%, respectively, and continue
 to be supported by strong cash flow, balance sheet, and adjusted margins.
 I'll begin with some comments on overall performance.
 Our medical membership of $22.4 million is approximately $100,000 higher than the top
 end of our previously projected range from March 31, driven by better-than-anticipated
 commercial ASC growth and lower-than-projected Medicaid membership declines.
 revenue was $15.5 billion, a modest year-over-year decrease driven by lower membership in our
 ACA-compliant individual and small group products in the 2017 suspension of the health insurer
 fee.
 These dynamics were partially offset by higher commercial premium yields and membership growth in our government business.
 From an adjusted pre-tax margin perspective, our businesses are performing quite well.
 Our adjusted pre-tax margin was 10 percent, a strong result and above the high end of
 of our target-adjusted margin range.
 Our first quarter total health-medical-benefit ratio
 is 82.6%.
 a strong result that benefited
 from continued moderate medical cost trends.
 and favorable prior year's reserve development.
 We achieved this result despite the impact of a $110 million premium
 and Deficiency Reserve associated with our individual
 commercial products.
 our adjusted expense ratio was 16%.
 a 200 basis point improvement over the first quarter of 2016,
 driven primarily by the suspension of the health
 insure of the in 2017 and execution of our expense management
 initiatives. Relative to our previous projections, Dysmetric benefited in the
 quarter from the timing of previously planned spending, which we now expect to occur during
 the remainder of the year.
 from a balance sheet perspective,
 We remain confident in the adequacy of our reserves.
 We experienced favorable prior years reserve development
 in the quarter across all of our core products,
 primarily attributable to 4th Quarter 2016 dates of service.
 and our days claims payable were 53 days
 at the end of the quarter.
 the sequential decrease of approximately one day.
 Turning the cash flow in capital.
 Healthcare and group insurance cash flows were approximately $980 million in the quarter.
 During the quarter, we initiated a $3.3 billion Accelerated Share Repurchase Program, which
 which retired 20.9 million shares.
 We returned approximately $88 million to shareholders through our quarterly shareholder dividend.
 We also announced the doubling of our quarterly shareholder dividend, which took effect last
 month.
 In short, we are pleased with our first quarter results and the continued successful execution
 of our strategy to become a more consumer-focused company.
 I will now discuss the key drivers of our first quarter results in greater detail.
 Beginning with our government business, we delivered another solid quarter continuing
 our momentum from 2016.
 We grew our first quarter 2017 government premiums by over 9 percent compared to the
 prior year period, achieving a quarterly record of $7.1 billion.
 quarter marks the first time our government premiums have exceeded our commercial premiums.
 From a membership perspective, I would like to thank the Board of Trustees for their support
 We grew by 107,000 Medicare members, led by growth of 99,000 in individual Medicare advantage.
 Medicaid membership declined by 90,000 members in the quarter related to our exit of the
 Nebraska Medicaid contract at the beginning of the year.
 This was a...
 better result than previously projected
 due to the delay in changes related to our Pennsylvania
 Medicaid contract.
 Our government medical benefit ratio was 85.3 percent.
 A continuation of the strong results we achieved in this business in 2016 and a very
 d-
 good start to the year.
 shifting to our commercial business
 The strong momentum of 2016 continued in the first quarter
 with our commercial ASC membership increase
 of approximately 219,000 members.
 as large group commercial membership gains outpaced
 our previous projection.
 Increased sales drove this improvement.
 confirmation that our value proposition is resonating in the marketplace, particularly
 with public and labor customers.
 In our commercial insured business,
 Membership decreased in the quarter, largely the result of declining ACA compliant individual
 and small group membership.
 as a result of actions taken
 to reduce our footprint in 2017,
 Our individual business now represents less than 2%
 with total adjusted revenue.
 Our commercial medical benefit ratio was 79.4 percent per the quarter.
 a very good result despite continued pressure
 from our individual commercial products.
 Our group commercial products performed very well in the quarter, benefiting from moderate
 medical cost trends and favorable prior years reserve development.
 based on first quarter results.
 We continue to project that our 2017 non-ACA,
 the core commercial medical cost trends will be in the range of 6% to 7%.
 With respect to our individual commercial products, we continue to face headwinds
 related to profitability.
 From a membership perspective, we ended the quarter with 255,000 individual commercial
 members.
 down from 964,000 at year end 2016.
 This result is 15,000 members higher than our previous projection.
 Based on our current view of membership in these products, we believe the risk pool that
 that we have retained from last year,
 attracted during this year's annual enrollment has higher cost levels than we had previously
 projected as a result of our higher membership and an updated view of the health status of
 of our current membership.
 we recognized a $110 million PDR.
 reflecting our expectation for greater losses
 than previously anticipated for the 2017 policy year.
 It is important to note that despite this headwind, we continue to project that 2017
 losses on individual commercial products will be significantly less than those reported
 in 2016.
 We expect that the first quarter will mark the high point for our individual commercial
 membership as we project attrition throughout the remainder of 2017.
 This is consistent with our experience in recent years.
 Looking beyond 2017, we continue to evaluate our footprint with a view towards significantly
 reducing our exposure to individual commercial products in 2018.
 We have already disclosed our plan 2018 exit from one of our 2017 state-based exchanges
 and intends-
 to communicate other 2018 footprint decisions when appropriate.
 appropriate.
 Moving on to the balance sheet.
 Our financial position, capital structure, and liquidity all continue to be very strong.
 At March 31st, we had a debt to total capitalization ratio of approximately 39.8 percent.
 at cash and investments at the parent.
 We started the quarter with approximately $15.1 billion.
 net subsidiary dividends to the parent were $785 million.
 and repaid $11.3 billion in debt in the quarter,
 including $10.2 billion related to the Humana deal financing.
 We paid $1.2 billion in deal-related termination fees.
 We paid a shareholder dividend of $88 million.
 We use $3.3 billion in the quarter for our Accelerated Share Repurchase Program.
 And, after other sources and uses, we ended the quarter with approximately $100 million
 of cash at the parent.
 our basic share count was approximately 332 million
 at March 31st.
 As a result of our first quarter performance, we are increasing our 2017 adjusted earnings
 per share guidance to a range of $8.80 to $9 per share.
 The midpoint of this range represents a 35% increase
 relative to our previous projection
 of at least $8.55 per share.
 a meaningful increase, especially when viewed in light
 of an approximate 20 cent headwind
 from our individual commercial products.
 Our increased adjusted EPS outlook reflects our favorable first quarter results,
 including the effect of favorable prior years reserve development as well as the impact
 of our Accelerated Shared Repurchase Program.
 Partially offsetting these benefits are the updated outlook for our individual commercial
 products and the increased targeted investment spending to drive future growth, primarily
 related to government-sponsored programs.
 However, certain risks remain that temper our outlook at this point in the calendar,
 including the ever-present concern that medical cost trends could increase more than we have
 projected.
 visibility at this juncture of the year and to our ability to achieve our updated outlook
 for individual commercial products and the potential for the health insurer fee to be
 permanently repealed during 2017.
 Our updated 2017 guidance is influenced by the following additional drivers.
 Based on our first-quarter membership results, we project that our year-end medical membership
 will be approximately 22.2 million members as declines in Medicaid and small group commercial
 during the balance of the year are partially offset by growth in commercial ASC and Medicare
 membership over the remainder of the year.
 As we consider the stronger-than-projected start to the year and our current membership
 with you, we are increasing our adjusted revenue projection
 for the year and now project that we will deliver
 approximately $61 billion in 2017 adjusted revenue.
 Based on our strong first quarter results, we now project that our full-year total health care medical benefit ratio
 will be in the range of 84% plus or minus 50 basis points.
 We now project that our adjusted expense ratio will be approximately 16.9 percent for the full year.
 approximately 15 basis points compared to the top end of our previous guidance
 range.
 This increase is driven by the increase in targeted growth initiative investments now
 Now contemplated in 2017.
 to continue to project adjusted pre-tax margin
 to be approximately 8%.
 consistent with our high single-digit target.
 We now project the adjusted earnings
 will be approximately $3 billion.
 hand, we continue to project full-year excess cash available at the parent to be approximately
 $24 billion.
 Finally, as we consider the impact of the previously announced accelerated share repurchase
 program and our expected capital deployment for the remainder of the year, we now project
 our 2017 weighted average share count to be in the range of 334 to 335 million shares.
 closing.
 We are in
 encouraged by the strength of our first quarter results
 and our improved 2017 outlook, particularly at this early stage in the year.
 Additionally, we remain confident in Aetna's long-term growth prospects and look forward
 to sharing more details at our upcoming investor update meeting in May.
 I will now turn the call back over to Joe.
 Thank you Joe.
 So, a couple things on that, Kevin.
 And you know, one I would say is we have some insight into the group MA pipeline and we
 We have some known sales already that we think are going to be significant enough that we
 have to ramp up for in advance.
 As we talked about, we thought about what are the kinds of things that we need to do
 to...
 to continue to enhance and accelerate our growth in Medicare.
 So we always have sort of a concept of investment money
 that when we look at our performance,
 we make a decision about how to deploy that money.
 And in this case, we've decided to accelerate
 some spending in the areas of stars, for example, geographic
 expansion, advancing some things in Medicaid.
 again.
 designed to be investments that are either related to known growth or to drive future
 growth in 18 and thereafter.
 Well, I think certainly the disability business is one that has had some linkage historically
 as we thought about the two, right, there are some, you know, somewhat, you know, arcane
 benefits in terms of how we position the investment portfolio and things like that.
 But operationally, they do largely run as two freestanding units for the most part today.
 There is...
 cross cell between, especially on the large accounts,
 We have a number of counts that, you know,
 where we would have the medical and also the group insurance.
 Yeah, so what I would say is that we're tracking towards having about roughly half the loss
 that we reported last year, this year, and that's on a quarter of the membership that
 that we had, but that's a good sort of proxy
 Just to be clear for everybody else, that PDR sort of goes all in and out within the
 2017 year because it's all related to the 2017 policy year.
 Yeah, as Mark mentioned, we'll provide 2018 guidance later this year, as is our convention,
 the point of your question is understanding bid positioning
 is a pretty big element to try to understand the year.
 so we'll do that at the appropriate time.
 What I would say, though, is that, you know, we're pleased with the 2017 earnings trajectory
 that we're on at this stage, especially
 in light of the continued drag that we've had
 with the individual business.
 and as was discussed on the call
 a few of the questions, we're continuing to invest.
 And some of that investment is pointed at growth for 2018.
 and some of that is longer term growth.
 Justin, the thing I'd say macro on small group is that
 that towards the end of last year,
 it felt like this started to turn a little bit for us
 in the favorable direction after having had some challenges
 And for the most part, I would say that continued.
 in the first quarter, I continued to be encouraged.
 by the direction that the small group business is headed.
 So that all looks good, and as Karen mentioned,
 a large group continues to be a stable performer.
 We continue to position ourselves carefully on the large group risk side of the business.
 but again, that those segments were generally at
 or better than expected in the first quarter.
 Yeah, Chris, I mean, unfortunately,
 This is a bit of a boring story and that not a lot has changed sort of on the pressure
 points or the new ones. I would say overall, again, we had a very well-behaved, moderate
 cost trend quarter, certainly looking at prior period development, that didn't lead any
 to any surprises as those periods have matured, so we're probably looking and continue to
 to look at inpatient in the mid-singles, a physician,
 in the mid-singles, outpatient in the high-singles,
 in pharmacy in the low double digits.
 and the pharmacy story really continues to be one.
 that's all about specialty pharma.
 I think that comprises something on the order of 40% now of the costs and a very low percentage
 of the scripts. And so when you really dig into it, as I've said before, it continues
 to be issue one, two, and three when you look at the medical cost-trend drivers.
 Yeah, so Gary, this is one of the areas when we talk about the areas of uncertainty that
 we have understanding, again, the risk adjustment of this very different and changed population
 from what we had last year is one of those challenges,
 especially in the first quarter,
 where we really don't have mature data.
 The short version of the story is we still are in a fairly...
 We estimate that we're going to be in a pay-in position.
 that will probably, in a relative sense, be a little bit less of a pay-in position than
 the...
 than we were last year just given what we've seen happen
 to our book.
 but again, there's still a lot of uncertainty
 and blind spots that we have in terms of,
 We know what happened to some degree to our population,
 but we don't know what has happened in the overall market.
 So the takeaway is that we still have a risk adjuster
 pay in position, but a little bit, maybe a little bit
 improved off of last year based on what we've seen so far.
 if I don't think we guided for any PYD in our initial guide and talked about what the
 at historical levels have been, you know,
 so we had in the first quarter,
 probably on the order of $0.30 to $0.35 of PYD.
 Again, if you look at past years,
 we've continued to get smaller amounts of PYD
 in the subsequent quarters going forward.
 So I certainly don't, you know,
 that that certainly wouldn't be a surprise
 if that happened, and we got some more
 in the second quarter of the year, for example,
 the headwind piece that originally was gonna be
 is going to be about a 10-cent benefit.
 and as you all recall, it's just really an anomaly
 of sort of how the accounting works for that recovery.
 Obviously, as the year goes on, some of that's built into pricing already.
 could decline slightly, but I think it's best to think about that as about a 10-cent item
 on that.
 We are, you know, we're probably over caring about 100,000 alternate funding small group
 Members, I don't have the revenue in front of me,
 that we can certainly follow up.
 Well, it's huge because we just launched it last year, right?
 So there's no denominator there.
 So it's grown pretty, a lot of that growth happened
 in the back of last year and in the first quarter of this year.