 Thanks, Inga, and good morning, everyone.
 I'll start on slide 7 with a recap of our first quarter sales performance.
 As Inga mentioned, we posted strong organic growth in the quarter of 4.6%, with volumes
 of 4.5% and selling prices of 0.1%.
 Divestitures of non-strategic businesses reduce sales by .4 percentage points and foreign
 currency translation decreased hails by another 50 basis points.
 As a result, total first-quarter sales in U.S. dollars increased 3.7 percent versus last year.
 As you can see on the right side of the slide,
 Growth was broad-based across all geographic areas.
 Let me start with the U.S., where organic growth was 1.4 percent, led by mid-single-digit
 increases in both industrial and safety and graphics.
 electronics and energy and health care businesses also delivered solid growth in the quarter.
 The consumer business declined mid-single digits organically in Q1, impacted by channel
 adjustments in the office market, as Inga mentioned.
 Asia Pacific led the company with organic growth of 10.1%.
 All business groups posted strong growth in the quarter,
 led by a double-digit increase in electronics and energy.
 We also had strong growth in industrial, healthcare, and consumer.
 looking at key countries within Asia Pacific.
 Organic growth increased 13% in both China-Hong Kong and Japan.
 excluding our electronics businesses.
 China-Hong Kong grew 12% and Japan was up 2%.
 Moving to EMEA, organic growth increased 4% in Q1.
 West Europe was up 5% organically, with sales growth led by industrial and safety and graphics.
 Central East Europe and Middle East Africa grew nearly 2%.
 Finally, organic growth in Latin America, Canada,
 increased 2.3%, led by a high single-digit growth in health care, along with solid growth
 in consumer and safety and graphics.
 At a country level, Mexico continues to deliver strong growth at 8%.
 Canada was up 3% while Brazil declined 3%.
 please turn to slide 8 for the first quarter P&L highlights.
 Company-wide, first-quarter sales were $7.7 billion and net income increased 3.7% to $1.3 billion.
 GAP operating margins were 23.1%, down 100 basis points versus last year's Q1.
 Earlier, you heard Inga mention the additional $136 million of strategic investments we made
 in Q1 to strengthen 3M for the future in terms of both growth and productivity.
 Excluding the impact of these investments, margins were up 80 basis points year-over-year,
 driven by strong organic growth and solid operational performance.
 Let's take a closer look at the various components of our margin performance in the first quarter.
 Dynamic growth, along with improved productivity, contributed 120 basis points to margins.
 For raw material costs, net of selling price changes added another 50 basis points.
 global prices remain favorable to start the year as our global businesses again delivered
 savings in excess of market price changes.
 We expect raw material benefits to moderate as the year progresses, but still remain positive
 for the full year.
 Turning the headwinds, foreign currency, net of hedge gains, brought margins down 40 basis points in the quarter.
 As previously discussed, strategic investments impacted margins by 180 basis points and higher
 Your pension and OPEB expense decrease margins by 30 basis points year on year.
 Finally, lower year-on-year gains from divestitures
 reduced margins by an additional 20 basis points.
 Let's now turn to slide nine for a closer look at earnings per share.
 First quarter, gap earnings increased 5.4% to $2.16 per share.
 The combination of organic growth and productivity contributed 22 cents per share to Q1 earnings.
 Business transformation is having a positive impact on our productivity efforts.
 The year-on-year impact from divestitures reduced earnings by three cents per share.
 foreign currency net of hedging reduced pre-tax earnings by four cents a share
 Well, strategic investments were a 16-cent impact.
 The first quarter tax rate was 23.7% versus 26.8% in the comparable quarter, which increased
 journeys by nine cents per share.
 The lower year-on-year tax rate was driven by favorable geographic profit mix, increased
 tax benefits from employee equity-based compensation and ongoing strategic tax initiatives.
 In light of the first quarter performance, we now expect our 2017, full-year tax rate
 to be in the range of 26 to 27 and a half percent.
 Finally, average diluted shares outstanding declined nearly 2% year-on-year, which added
 It's three cents to Q1 earnings per share.
 Please turn to slide 10 for a look at cash flow.
 We continue to generate solid operating cash flow as a company, which allows us to consistently
 invest in the business and also return cash back to shareholders.
 First quarter, three cash flow was $701 million, down $245 million year on year.
 largely due to the timing of pension contributions.
 Full year 2017, pension contributions are expected to remain in the range of $300 to $500 million, similar to 2016.
 Free cash flow conversion was 53% and for the full year, we continue to anticipate free
 cash slope conversion to be in the range of 95 to 105%.
 We call it Q1 is typically our lowest conversion rate of the year.
 First quarter capital of the year is Q1.
 expenditures were $287 million in line with our expectations heading into the quarter.
 For the full year, we continue to anticipate CapEx investments in the range of $1.3 to $1.5
 As you heard earlier, we increased our first quarter per share dividend by 6%, resulting
 $702 million in cash dividends paid to shareholders during the quarter.
 We also returned $690 million to shareholders through gross share repurchases.
 We continue to expect full-year repurchases in the range of $2.5 to $4.5 billion.
 Let's now review our performance by business group, starting with industrial on slide 11.
 continue the strong growth momentum from Q4. Delivering first quarter sales of
 of $2.7 billion, up 5.7% organically.
 Industrial growth was broad-based across all businesses
 and geographic areas.
 Our automotive OEM business continues to lead sales growth within industrial, increasing
 double digits organically.
 Growth in this business outpaced the rate of global car and life truck bills by more
 than 400 basis points.
 Advanced materials also had a strong start to the year.
 up high single digits.
 our heartland of businesses within industrial.
 of braces, industrial reheses and tapes,
 an automotive aftermarket.
 each increased mid-single digits organically.
 on a geographic basis.
 Organic growth was led by Asia-Pacific up high single digits, while the U.S. and the
 at me at increased mid-single digits.
 Industrial delivered first-quarter operating income of $525 million, with operating margins
 of 23.1 percent. Operating margins were down 80 basis points year on year or up 40 basis
 points, adjusting for a Q1 2016 to best deter game.
 As you can see, industrial is off to a strong start to 2017.
 For the full year, we now expect organic growth in the range of two, three, four, five, six,
 of five percent versus our prior estimate of one to three percent.
 The case turns to slide 12.
 First quarter sales and safety and graphics were up 4.8% organically to $1.5 billion.
 Safety, another heartland business, delivered strong organic growth in the high single digits
 with particular strength in Asia Pacific and the U.S.
 The working granules business continued to perform well in the first quarter.
 posting double-digit organic growth as demand remains strong in the replacement shingle market.
 Geographically, safety and graphics grew organically in all areas, led by new single-digit
 increases in AMIA, Asia-Pacific, and the U.S.
 Operating income for the business group was $399 million.
 and operating margins increased 180 basis points to 26.1 percent,
 adjusting for acquisition and divestiture activity in this year and last operating
 margins for up 80 basis points.
 As with industrial, staging graphics is off to a strong start, and growth is better than
 and we anticipated entering the year.
 We now expect organic growth for this business to be between 2% and 5% versus a prior estimate
 at one to three percent.
 Please turn to slide 13.
 Our healthcare business generated first quarter sales of $1.4 billion.
 Organic growth was 3.1% year on year, in line with our full-year expectations of 3% to 5%.
 Growth was led by a double-digit increase in both drug delivery systems and food safety.
 Our medical consumables businesses, which represent the largest segment within health
 care posted good growth in Q1. Oral care delivered mid-single-digit organic growth
 in the first quarter, a marked improvement from the second half of 2016.
 Our health information systems business was down low single digits organically.
 We expect the business to improve throughout the year.
 Geographically, organic growth in healthcare was positive in all areas, led by a high single
 digital growth in Latin America, Canada, and Asia-Pacific.
 We saw notable strength in China-Hong Kong, which was up double digits in the quarter.
 Healthcare's operating income was $434 million, and margins remain strong at 30.5%.
 Importantly, we generated these returns while investing an additional $21 million to an
 enhance growth in core platforms across the business.
 business.
 Please turn to slide 14.
 Electronics and Energy led our company with organic growth of 11.5% in the first quarter.
 Sales were $1.2 billion.
 The electronic side of the business grew 18% organically, as our teams successfully
 drove increased penetration on a number of OEM platforms.
 The man strengthened across most market segments in consumer electronics, which also boosts
 our growth rate and we benefited from favorable year-on-year comps.
 Our energy-related businesses were up 1% organically, with low single-digit growth in
 in electrical markets will tell commas plot.
 On a geographic basis, organic growth was up double digits in Asia-Pacific,
 where our electronics business is concentrated.
 First-quarter operating income for electronics and energy was $225 million, with margins of
 18.6 percent, up 70 basis points. Adjusting for first quarter portfolio actions, margins
 were nearly 24%, up 600 basis points here on the earth.
 As you can see, Q1 organic growth was very robust for electronics and energy.
 As a result, we are updating our full-year growth expectations for this business to a
 a range of up 1 to 6% versus a prior range of down 3 to up 1%.
 The first half of the year is expected to be stronger than the second half, largely driven by year-on-year counts.
 Please turn to slide 15.
 First quarter sales and consumer were $1 billion and organic growth declined 1.2% year on year.
 Three of our four businesses within consumer grew organically, again led by home improvement,
 followed by consumer health care and home care.
 Within the Home Improvement Business, our command,
 Damage-free mounting products posted strong double-digit growth as accelerated investments
 continue to pay off.
 They'll treat filters, also delivered strong growth in the quarter.
 More than off-setting this growth was a year-on-year decline in our stationary and office supplies business,
 which was impacted by continued channel inventory reductions, primarily in the U.S., office retail and wholesale.
 Geographically, organic growth in consumer was led by Asia-Pacific and Latin America-Canada,
 which was more than offset by a decline in the U.S.
 Operating income was $222 million, with operating margins of 21.3%.
 Looking at the whole year, we expect organic growth for consumer to be in the range of 1% to 3% versus a prior estimate of 2% to 4%.
 We also expect to see growth improve as the year progresses.
 Please turn to slide 16.
 Before I turn it back to Inga, let me address a few items that we anticipate will happen over the remainder of 2017.
 The net impact of these items is factored into our ETFs guidance today.
 First, as you may recall, in December we announced the divestiture of our identity management
 business within safe gene graphics. The sale of this business, which has annual sales of
 approximately $205 million is expected to close during the second quarter.
 and completion.
 They expect to record a gain on sale of approximately $0.55 per share, partially offset by the profit
 that will go with the business in 2017
 after the divestiture is closed.
 In addition, we call it our investor meeting in March of 2016.
 We introduced up plan to better optimize our portfolio
 and supply chain footprint.
 We expect to make significant progress on that plan in 2017 with associated costs in
 the range of 40 to 45 cents per share over the remainder of the year.
 We anticipate $0.20 to $0.30 per share will incur in Q2.
 total.
 The net impact of these items is expected to add between $0.05
 and 10 cents to 2017 earnings per share.
 Again, this impact is reflected in our full year updated guidance, which Inga will now
 cover on slide 17. Inga? To acknowledge your request. Yeah, Andy, thanks for the
 I covered quite a few things there.
 just from an overall team standpoint.
 Andy, we're always looking for opportunities to enhance the value of the enterprise, and
 That's really part of our business model.
 What you see in the first quarter for incremental investments, some of that was investments we
 we were taking to accelerate growth.
 and that was really lined up with what we had shared last December of the
 incremental $100 million over the course of 2017 to deliver
 accelerated growth throughout the year.
 The other context I'd share with you is that there are a lot of things that you can do
 with you in thinking about this step up in strategic investments.
 And if you think back to last March at our investor meeting when we laid out our five-year
 plan, we shared plans for optimizing our portfolio and supply chain footprint with at that time
 what we described a total of between $500 and $600 million of investments and ultimately
 that we expected that by 2020 to be creating $125 to $175 million of annualized benefit
 operating income benefits.
 What you're seeing in this step up of accelerated strategic investments both for the quarter
 and for the year is us taking more action related to what we laid out last year for the
 optimized actions on our on our supply chain footwork.
 Yeah, Joe as the as the quarter went on it was consistent strength across the quarter all three months of the quarter. I
 And I further add, we're seeing April, the start of April, tracking very much in line
 with what we've been seeing for the first quarter.
 So, really no inter-quarter trend changes.
 Yeah, Julie, and we're not fundamentally seeing any change in our pricing power.
 that remains strong.
 We do continue to look for targeted places
 where we can use price to help drive organic volume growth.
 If I look out over total 2017, we're expecting U.S. price growth to be approximately flat.
 If I expand it to the total globe, if I pull out the FX impact, we extract pricing to be
 up slightly. Our normal range is 30 to 50 basis points of core price growth. I think it'll
 be somewhere between there and flat for total 2017.
 Yeah, the $136 million in strategic investments in the first quarter of Julian.
 A little less than half of that is investments that we see having a fairly short-term return
 in 2017 and then into early 2018.
 and those are primarily growth-oriented investments
 and those growth-oriented investments were factored into the guidance we set out for the year.
 The remainder of the strategic investments, those relate to our portfolio, supply chain
 foot prints and that's really light, laid out, aligned closely with the plan that we
 put forward. Yeah, so in December when we laid out our guidance, EPS guidance for the
 year.
 Yes, sir.
 3 investments we had incrementally in a 5 to 10 cent range.
 That was aligned primarily or almost exclusively with our growth investments.
 Now what you're seeing is that you're not going to be able to do anything about it.
 We're seeing the growth investments play out exactly as we guided,
 still in that five to 10 cent range for the total year.
 What we're layering on top of that is additional footprint actions and portfolio actions that
 we're taking throughout 2017.
 So on top of the gross investments,
 is roughly an incremental 10 cents of supply chain and portfolio actions that we took in
 the first quarter of 2017, and then in terms of the guidance for the balance of this year
 For Q2, Q3, and Q4, there's an extra 40 to 45 cents on top of that
 that was not part of our initial guidance.
 So all in the growth investments, the incremental 10
 that we took in the first quarter
 plus what we're expecting.
 Q2 through Q4, it's now in the range of 55 to 65 cents for the total year.
 Nigel, we're always, as I said earlier, we're always looking for opportunities.
 The level that we were investing in Q1 and strategic investments around growth, no pull
 forward there. That's coming exactly as we had planned. The increased strategic
 investments around portfolio actions and supply chain footprints.
 That's aligned with our longer-term vision.
 The exact timing of when we were going to do that,
 We did not have clarity on until we started pulling the trigger on some of those actions
 in the first quarter and some that we expect to happen over the next three quarters.
 So I'm not sure I characterized it as a pull forward as much as it would be now is the
 time that it looked like the right time for us to pull the trigger on actions that we
 we had laid out last March.
 No, the 40 to 45 cents does not include anything for Scott's safety.
 At the time that closes, we will update guidance to take into account any impact that we'll
 have on our 2017 earnings.
 our industrial channel, we are seeing increased confidence in the channel, which we are seeing
 And what we're seeing good sell out of our product, we're seeing even stronger sell
 into the industrial channel, primarily in the U.S.
 So that is one place where we're attributing it to higher confidence amongst that channel
 seen what appears to be some restocking of depleted channel levels that we've seen in
 past.
 Jeff to your first question on the tax rate for what we're now seeing for total 2017.
 17.
 There's a few dynamics going on.
 First of all, we are seeing a favorable geographic profit mix for us that is helping us in our tax rate.
 It's been a headwind forest the last couple years, and that's switching over to a tailwind
 for us this year.
 We're also seeing some of the benefits as you'd expect from some of our tax planning,
 But one of the more significant items just
 in the first quarter is the benefit we're getting
 from the accounting standard change and they came into effect last year for the excess
 tax benefits from stock-based compensation.
 From a year-on-year basis, that's about a 4-cent benefit versus what we had a year ago.
 And Jeff, I'd say that's the wild card.
 Other things are going very much as we had planned
 get to the 27 percent tax rate by 2020, but with the added variability from what happens
 with this excess tax benefit from SOC-based compensation,
 There'll be some quarters that's a benefit and some quarters we won't see any benefit at all.
 All in, we're well on track for hitting the 27% in 2020.
 possibly even lower than that.
 But when we have better clarity on that, we'll give a revised number of, can that go even
 lower than the 27 percent.
 To the second point on the strategic investments, the $136 million of the growth-related investments,
 your correct health care had the majority of that.
 There were small amounts, single digits of millions of dollars,
 low to mid single digits and millions of dollars in the other four business groups.
 And then from a portfolio and supply chain footprint optimization,
 The vast majority of that is impacting the electronics and energy business with a little
 of that hitting the consumer and office business, the consumer business group.
 Yeah, Rob, as far as the automation portion of our CAPEX spending, a year ago at our
 investor meeting we laid out that we expected that to be a noticeable part of our CAPEX
 investments.
 we're seeing is best playing out exactly as we laid out a year ago, that we're seeing
 and continued opportunities for automation investments
 within our CAFACS plans, and I wouldn't call it an uptick,
 But I'd say it's playing out exactly as we laid out.
 supply chain and portfolio optimization and much less around growth.
 If we see growth even higher than what we're currently expecting, could our growth investments
 I think the short answer is yes, it could have ticked up some.
 but I don't think on a material basis.
 I think we're now talking single digits of pennies at that point.
 Yes, Steve. Thanks for the question.
 Part of what we talked about a little over a year ago at our outlook meetings
 for the five-year outlook meeting is the number of manufacturing sites we have around the world
 around the world and looking at the productivity in those sites and the opportunity we have
 through rationalizing the number of those sites, increasing capital into some of the
 are more productive sites, the opportunity to reduce the total footprints of our manufacturing
 and supply chain sites over the course of the next four years.
 So that's what we mean when we talk about it, when we laid out a $500 to $600 million
 investment that we expect to take, the resulting productivity from that, that by the time we
 to get to 2020, we think that will add another $125 to $175 million of added operating income
 through that productivity we can get through.
 Look at this globally, Steve, we had a positive, though very small price in all businesses
 except for health care where we were flat.
 To the first question on business, I'll go further in geography.
 we expect that this action that we're taking
 in the second quarter and in the third and fourth quarter will impact all businesses and
 all geographies, that it will be broad. As far as the specific details of each business,
 We're still working through those details. We're not ready to be sharing that yet, yet
 warrants. And then, as far as the 17 to 18, some of these actions will have a tail into
 to 18 where there will be residual cost impacts hitting us in 18, though I expect it will
 I very much expect it will be a decline from the level that we're projecting now for 2017.