 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to CUNY Nagel's Half-Year 2020 Results Conference Call.
 I am Sandra, the chorus call operator.
 I would like to remind you that all participants will be in listen-only mode
 and the conference is being recorded.
 the presentation will be followed by a Q&A session
 You can register for questions at any time by pressing star and 1 on your telephone.
 For operator assistance, please press star and zero.
 The conference must not be recorded for publication or broadcast.
 At this time, it's my pleasure to hand over to Dr. Detlef Drefsker, CEO of Kuhnen Nagel.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you, Sandra.
 good morning
 Good day, good afternoon, and good evening to all of you, and welcome to the Analyst Conference on the semiannual half-year 2020 results of Kühne & Nagel International AG.
 Our CFO, Marcus Blanca, and I welcome you from sunny Switzerland.
 We published our half-year results and the respective slide deck earlier today.
 And as always, let's get started on slide three.
 over the first year
 over the first half of the year,
 the Kühner & Nagel Group, successfully managed to deliver excellent service for customers
 in the face of unprecedented challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic.
 This started with the very abrupt halt to Chinese exports in February, followed by lockdowns in March and a deliberate pace of day-to-day recovery.
 Thanks to our dedicated colleagues and a seamless transition of approximately 45,000 staff to home office,
 in a matter of days
 Our customers face no degradation of service quality despite extraordinary volatility and demand for essential goods.
 This culminated in substantial market share gains across all transactional business units.
 From a financial perspective, the group's performance in quarter two is a testament to our flexible, asset-light business model and our efforts to optimally variabilize a meaningful portion of our short-term fixed costs.
 those four key figures that are in front of you, you will see that the net turnover decreased
 by 7.5%, heavily impacted by an FX effect of 5.9% versus previous year.
 gross profit
 went down by 9.1% and the EBIT by 18% down to 419 million Swiss francs in the first half of 2020.
 Earnings per share landed at 2.58 Swiss francs per share.
 Please follow me on the next slide, slide four, with a couple of details on the group and the business units.
 Group earnings for the period of the first six months were at 309 million Swiss francs.
 and we generated a strong free cash flow of 383 million swiss francs looking at the four business
 units. Let's start with C Logistics.
 We have seen an EBIT of 167 million Swiss francs, which were 28% below previous year.
 As a result of a shift in cargo mix, less SME volumes, and a positive reefer and pharma development.
 Also, the demand for rail solution, especially at China, started to pick up strongly as of June last quarter.
 Air logistics, an EBIT of 181 million Swiss francs has been achieved, which is 4% higher than previous year, based on a high demand for crisis goods, but also a demand for special solutions, such as sea and air volumes, which more than tripled in quarter two, 2020.
 road logistics
 ended
 the first semester with an
 EBIT of 26 million Swiss francs, all networks were
 maintained and Europe
 now is slowly recovering
 while the Americas are still suffering from the effects of the pandemic.
 matching the gross profit development. On slide six we will discuss briefly the
 volume development in sea logistics and air logistics.
 Please let me start with C-Logistics first.
 We have a pronounced effort in C-Logistics, especially on maintaining our own networks in C-Logistics,
 especially on maintaining our own network capacity,
 which yielded in significant market share gains
 across all segments.
 but especially in pharma and reefer and the e-commerce segment.
 The cargo mix, I mentioned that before, showed a significantly lower SME volume.
 And this is a higher yielding, as we have mentioned in some of our previous calls.
 The market demand is continuously recovering over the course of quarter two, but it's still below previous year.
 Let me give you some hints on how market, sorry, how our volume developed month by month in quarter two.
 We saw April was a 15%, 1.5% volume decrease, but gaining market share ended our volumes in May by only minus 12%, and the June volumes already showed a minus 8% volume decrease.
 So, gradually, we see volumes picking up again, but still lower than previous year.
 In total, we shipped 217,000 TU less in our networks, which resulted into an 11.7% reduction in quarter two
 and a 9.1% reduction in volumes for the first semester 2020 for C-Logistics.
 Air logistics saw a significantly lower demand for dry cargo and perishables, and both are lower yielding, as you know.
 a strong demand for essential goods
 which were higher yielding and mainly produced or operated in a charter
 via charter business
 because the recovery
 of belly is not
 expected to see or show significant effects before quarter four this year.
 A soaring demand for sea and air solutions and also a monthly development that was rather stable by minus 23% to minus 20% April to June.
 In total, the first semester, a reduction in volume of minus 15.5%.
 How does this translate now into the unit performance of the business units?
 And please follow me on slide 7 first, C-Logistics.
 Mentioned this already two times.
 Now, for the third time, cargo mixes lower SME volumes, volume gains in pharma, e-commerce, and reefer, and a stable margin development per unit in constant currency.
 On the next slide, slide eight, you see the details of the development.
 The gross profit mix is the driver of the unit profitability.
 and with
 an FX effect
 a currency effect
 of 6%
 minus six percent on the unit basis you have or you see a constant development or constant margin
 per TOI, per TEU, in quarter two this year.
 All cost measures were intact, and including the tailwind from FX or from currency, we saw a reduction in the cost level per unit as well.
 The EBIT per TU is well below our normal EBIT per TU, but this includes also a headwind form currency of 6%.
 So in total, we are at the lower end of the range that we usually pursue, the 80 to 100
 swiss ranks tu ebit per tu but it's recovering and we also see some seasonal effects kicking in
 We are focusing, especially in C-Logistics, on excellent customer service.
 And we have one significant business, which already related or resulted in less volume reductions than one might have expected from the market development.
 And quarter two has been stronger and improving month by month with regards to both volume margin and unit profitability.
 Slide nine.
 air logistics
 The general cargo volume declined significantly.
 I will comment on this on the next slide.
 and the demand for higher yielding crisis goods has soared.
 the market demand
 has been much weaker in quarter two
 as anticipated, we have to say
 the regular dry cargo
 So the general cargo, the normal cargo that we transport, especially in the belly capacity, has been down by minus 40 to minus 50 percent.
 And this has been offset by crisis volumes, essential goods, but not only crisis volumes, essential goods, but not only PPE, but also packaged food, as well as e-commerce volumes went into that segment.
 Perishables were down in April and May, but the recovery started already in June.
 And we also see hard cargo or general cargo coming back step by step as of June this year.
 So we had a spike in charter business while BELI was not existing, which led to unit figures that are skewed by a different way of producing air logistics.
 And our unit yield, as you can see, is clearly above our normal range of 70 to 85 Swiss francs per 100 kilo, per ton, sorry.
 No, for the normal volumes transported in our networks.
 The unit EBIT is also above normal, despite higher currency headwinds, and this marks a 50% increase in quarter two versus previous quarter due to the beneficial volume mix.
 the cost consciousness
 also in this business unit, as well as the first airlock efficiencies that we have seen kicking in into that segment.
 Slide 11, a short overview on road logistics.
 Europe is slowly recovering while the volumes in America stay at a low and very low level at the moment.
 this is true for both
 intermodal as well as truck brokerage.
 We have seen slide 12 now.
 We have seen a fast and massive deterioration of volumes in Europe at the start of quarter two.
 And I think we mentioned that when we had our quarter one analyst call with you.
 and the order of the the order of magnitude has been higher than 50 percent volume reductions
 But that was true for two, three weeks only.
 And we see a steady volume recovery step by step, especially in domestic transports in Europe at the moment.
 U.S. followed with a sharp volume decline end of April, and especially intermodal more or less collapsed.
 And we see a steady recovery in June, since June in Europe, and a stabilization on a low level in the U.S. at the moment.
 International and cross-border, which is the higher yielding business, those transports are still lagging, but also here we see volumes coming back.
 all our networks have been maintained
 and we are ready to deal with the cargo kicking in
 And in some markets, I will not say the geography, we have even had to reject certain volumes because our networks were filled again in June.
 That's true for domestic transports.
 We saw a very strong growth in bookings on our digital road platform called eTruckNow.
 and we have
 been able to roll this out
 even in a virtual environment
 over the last couple of months
 in many Asian countries
 and we see the volume soaring on that platform at the moment.
 While EBIT was 42% below previous year, we generated a positive EBIT of 26 million Swiss francs.
 And in our best case scenario, we would not have expected a positive quarter two in road
 logistics given the character of our networks so we are very proud of what has been achieved here
 countering
 volume reductions with cost measures.
 Slide 13, contract logistics.
 and I have to say
 And contract logistics showed high resilience
 and it showed two faces.
 The ugly phase, if I may say so, was industries that clearly were downtrading.
 automotive and industrial to name
 two and
 we had complete shutdowns
 by customers and sometimes by governments in those industries for two, three, four, six
 up to eight weeks
 and some of the
 volumes have not recovered even to a sizable
 level again
 than prior to the crisis.
 And there was a couple of nice faces that we saw, or up-trading industries, the pharma and healthcare industry, up-trading industries, the pharma and healthcare industry, the industry for essential goods, which is packaged food and consumables, and also e-commerce.
 and here the volumes were well above seasonal peaks
 and we had extra shifts
 that we had to introduce, especially on the weekends, to cope with the soaring and spiking
 demand. 90%
 or up to 85 to 90% of our sites
 remained open throughout the whole
 crisis and currently we only have 12 sites that are still closed out of more than 600 sites globally
 So we see a clear confirmation that 50% of our solution portfolio is related to essential goods.
 And this demand has never stopped or has never been reduced.
 Some details on the contract logistics business unit on slide 14, the implementation of the COVID-19 SOPs, our operating procedures, across all operations were introduced, but they also added a lot of cost and a lot of efficiencies.
 while we were doing everything
 to protect our staff, we lost, clearly, efficiencies.
 cleaning, disinfection between shifts, no overlap of shifts anymore,
 segregation of workflow between shifts led to a lower productivity and higher costs, obviously.
 but the excellence
 the excellent cost management
 that
 contract logistics introduced
 immediately with the crisis becoming one.
 so as of February
 clearly showed progress
 and we were excluding the pressure from the exchange rate,
 we were able to counter
 the top line revenue pressure
 with cost measures almost entirely.
 And that is for such a huge business unit employing so many people, that's a huge effort and a great result.
 So the high portion in our solution portfolio of essential goods showed high resilience and believes that largely backed by contracts with customers back to back.
 So we have more than 50% of our sites are so-called dedicated sites.
 So we were not exposed to an overproportional lease without any activity in too many sites.
 Nevertheless, we saw a development end of quarter one and early quarter two.
 But if you look into the figures, the overall performance, including the FX effects, is only 11.3% lower net turnover.
 and in EBIT
 almost on the level of previous year, quarter two.
 And having said so, I am happy to hand over to my colleague, Markus, to lead you through the key financial figures.
 Thank you very much, Nedles.
 Welcome to all participants, also from my side.
 A very special second quarter, indeed.
 A time that was characterized by unusual business pattern.
 I think we had quite some
 opposite focus
 or business management
 and focus on in the business units.
 Air freight can be described by just make it happen.
 times where customers
 as much as on the carrier side,
 I think a lot of creativity was being required to make things happen.
 on the other side
 as Detlef mentioned in contract logistics,
 clear focus on cost containment and cost management.
 So a lot of times we have been confronted with the fact that traditional KPIs, key performance indicators, have been not extremely helpful.
 we needed to look differently
 at the business because it was a very special situation but and I want to lead you on the page
 number 16. I think the result
 ultimately was a quite good one
 And when you look at the magnitude of impact, what such an unusual business can happen is
 When you look at the gross profit development from the first and the second quarter compared to last year,
 We have actually lost in the second quarter, 265 million gross profit compared to last year.
 That is two and a half times more than in the first quarter.
 However, on an EBITDA level, we actually have been at the same, even better level than compared to the first quarter.
 So we only, if you like, still a big number, but each quarter.
 So we only, if you like, still a big number, but only had a reduction in FHDA of 30 million out of a gross profit reduction of 265.
 So there's quite a lot of the cost contained and the cost management in between that I think you can appreciate was quite a piece of hard work to get that done.
 Going further down in the P&L, of course, on an EBT level, yes, we are around 18% behind last year on a half-year basis.
 So 90 million, nine zero, of which, and that's not an excuse, just a fact, of around 20 million are coming out of foreign currency exchange.
 So 70 million from an operational perspective reduction versus last year.
 So in relative terms, I believe the second quarter, and that's also very apparent, was even better than the first quarter.
 On page number 17, let's talk about air and sea freight in that context, the eTouch project and the automation initiatives behind that.
 We have presented the potential of the E-Touch initiatives in commercial terms at our full year 2019 presentation.
 So what you see here is merely an update where we stand.
 it's not a new assessment of values
 It's just an update on progress.
 And I think you can appreciate we have set the baseline in many areas in air freight.
 Our operating system airlock is fully rolled out in 2019, which is prerequisite for many of the eTouch initiatives, not all of them, but many of those.
 And you can see, despite the fact that Q2 had been a challenging environment to put through a project,
 But we have continued to drive eTouch initiatives, and we made pretty good progress, at least in one of the five core areas, the one that is customer booking and order entry.
 I think the message here is
 yes we do not expect any miracles right now in the current situation with still over a good
 three month people working partially from home uh partially just what i said trying to keep up
 service in an in an excellent manner that some of these projects have a slight delay the message
 that I want to give you here is
 E-Touch is on track.
 Page number 18, balance sheet.
 I'm only going to talk about
 three, four components, of course, some of them housekeeping.
 being first one trade receivable
 world's biggest
 item on the balance sheet
 3.2
 3.3 billion by the end of
 June 2020
 compared to 3.6 billion.
 And not surprisingly, again, here we see a position where business volume has reduced slightly.
 and you know it's a function basically of rates and volume
 And, of course, a currency impact also on that position that is reducing the overall demand.
 Secondly, and arguably more important,
 cash-in-cash equivalent.
 I think our balance sheet is strong
 with a gross cash position here of nearly 1.2 billion,
 translated into net cash
 of around 760 million
 which compares
 to roughly 900 million, respectively 480 million
 by the end of the first quarter, 2020.
 So, simple terms, a very good development in cash generation.
 In light, I think, of the decision, and you have read it in the news today,
 in light of the decision to propose the distribution of dividend
 to the shareholders of Ford SwissString.
 we have calculated a pro forma net cash position at that point in time
 And that would still be positive with $280 million.
 Just as a housekeeping topic here, you're aware that we have a revolving credit facility available to us, which is entirely undrawn.
 So nothing has been used so far in the extent or at the frame of 750 million.
 Coming back to the next item on the balance sheet,
 Asset help for sale, also here, information purposes, this is the value that we have, or that is the scope of the business, that we have signed a contract of divestment with XPO.
 You can see a very transparent asset health for sale.
 So you can see a very transparent asset held for sale, 400 million liabilities associated with these asset held for sale, 300.
 So the net asset value of that business to be carved out is around 100 million.
 Equity ratio, I'm sure you have already calculated that yourself, from December 23.6%, an increase to 25.9%.
 So I think the solidity of the balance sheet is also, in these rough times and unusual times, a benefit.
 Nevertheless, balance sheet is one thing.
 cash is cash is king um so main topic cash uh going uh swiftly to page number 19 um operational cash
 flow.
 You can see that here in the first half 2020 at around 804 million.
 similar level than last year uh with with around 800 872 million um however when we go down a little
 bit and look at the total cash and cash equivalent situation we have an increase on the cash balance
 of around 666 million. Be reminded at that point in time, that included last year a dividend
 payments to the amount of 720 million so comparably at similar level free cash flow generation it
 really what we are looking at very resilient the free cash flow generation also in the second
 quarter, so I'm talking second quarter
 not half year, in the second quarter
 of 227 million
 which compares to 223 million.
 So let's talk about crisis or non-crisis.
 This free cash flow generation has been at the very same level as last year.
 Excluding some of the disposals, and this gives you a bit of an idea on how much extraordinary components are in there, excluding the disposals, the underlying free cash flow for the second quarter was still 221.
 So the swing that we talk due to disposals is a very neglectable, I think, 6 million out of the free cash flow.
 which is significantly lower than we had it seen
 over the last couple of years.
 Some of the drivers, of course, is the content logistics disposal of part of the UK business.
 at the same time.
 We're also very diligently working on the usage of long-term leases, according to IFRS 16, rather than outright purchases.
 Looking at the pattern in time,
 So the trajectory of the free cash flow,
 I think when you look at the curves on the page 19 on the right side,
 There is no reason to believe that that should look differently,
 at least in the third quarter than it was last year.
 Again, be reminded in the fourth quarter, we had some extraordinary impact in 2019.
 so we should expect
 and more
 even development into the fourth quarter also for 2020.
 Going to page number 20, and I only touched the accounts receivable quickly on the balance sheet when I talked about the balance sheet.
 Here you see trade receivables have decreased year-over-year by around 400 million.
 the reasons that I mentioned already
 trade payables around
 two in the 60 million so our networking capital is down around 146 million and what's more important
 And our KPIs on DSOs and DPOs, we were able to keep, especially on the DSO side, data
 just say it's outstanding.
 a number around 54, 55.
 So we have a deviation of 0.4 days.
 many
 questions coming along
 our way obviously in is there pressure from customers on extended payment terms yes there is
 very clear yes there is but
 I think we will see more pressure coming in the third and fourth quarter.
 we are holding up
 quite well. I think service is one of the
 one of the important arguments to maintain the DSOs.
 At the same time, I think our focus moves towards the risk profile behind the counterparties.
 I do expect
 I do expect going forward for the next two to three quarters, an increase in the risk two to three quarters, an increase in the risk profile on counterparty risks.
 so nothing bad happened so far
 I want to underline that.
 it's it's a no no big and defaults or anything like that but I would expect
 that the pressure is also here getting higher until the end of the year and
 maybe into the first half year, 2021.
 Return on capital employed, page number 21.
 you see that
 little infliction point that we had here from 60 percent up to 66 67 and I think that was a
 That was a good sign.
 So now we see a little bit of the COVID-19 effect that pushes down to 62% again.
 very clear and I just
 wrote it for
 for uh for clarity just beside it uh the sudden decrease of uh the profitability that we have
 seen also on the P&L on a very similar asset base is obviously mathematically
 leading to a bit of a bit of a compression on this one however from a target perspective we maintain
 our financial targets
 with around 70% return on capital employed.
 that should be possible.
 The good news, and at the same time, I think the expected also from some of you,
 news is on
 the next page page number 22 dividend proposal just to put also some clarity around conversations
 we had over the last years,
 you know that
 We never had a formal written dividend policy as it is.
 And all decision-making power remains with the Board of Directors and the General Assembly.
 that having said
 the actual payout ratio in the
 recent years was always consistent
 with also our verbal communication
 into a distribution of around 75% of the net profit after tax.
 Clearly, now the BOD's proposal is based on the assessment of the market conditions and also the group's performance and likely ongoing performance.
 And as you can see here, the proposal to the annual or to the extraordinary general meeting on September 2nd will be to pay out the dividend of four Swiss francs.
 Financial targets, and the last slide from my presentation, I think you see on the left side, the group financial targets, conversion rate 11 to 16%.
 I think everybody's clear, one of the main drivers, eTouch, return on capital employed.
 I just spoke about it.
 I think when we come back to regular profitability based on our asset base, 70% is in reach.
 Working capital intensity, I want to talk about that first.
 working capital intensity, currently at 3.9%.
 and you might have noticed
 and potential DSOs for the next four quarters.
 Tax rate.
 Tax rate, I think, very important to look at this one.
 There's a housekeeping topic for you also to update on your models.
 we expect a group
 effective tax rate
 of around 24 to 26 percent up from around 24 to 25 as per our latest communication this is just
 reflecting the current shift in the business and geographic mix.
 So just that you're not surprised on your models.
 Right side, the four business units, you see the first line, our actual performance in volumes, but underneath the part that everybody was really waiting for, that is the update on the market expectations for 2020 and the outlook.
 And as you can imagine, I think we're in line with many of our peers.
 we are not giving any.
 You know, I think the performance that the group has shown so far gives us a certain confidence in our ability also to manage through what we believe is going to still be volatile and highly uncertain.
 I believe is going to still be a volatile and highly uncertain market, also for the
 rest of the year and
 And as the market outlook remains extremely uncertain to us as well, we offer, again, no explicit financial guidance for the group, nor volume guidance until the end of the year.
 very sorry for that but at the current stage you will have to or we will all have to live with
 guest working and a bit of
 colour of what we said
 on our past performance.
 With that little lack of outlook, I will hand over to Dantlef.
 and
 thank you
 Marcus
 and the
 The lack of outlook maybe marks the whole year
 because in the pandemic, we have to fly on site.
 That is the saying we have.
 As far as we can look ahead, we initiate measures and activities
 and the rest is agility, adaptivity to a situation that you can't really predict.
 On slide 24, I want to make a couple of remarks.
 Logistics is and will stay people's business, even in a more and more digital environment.
 And we have embarked on this route.
 Our roadmap 2022, which started in 2018, and we are in the middle of that roadmap deployment, blends customer technology and people.
 and we believe that the COVID-19 pandemic in the last six months
 have clearly shown that we have embarked on the right strategy.
 We stayed fully operational throughout the crisis and continue serving our customers with our high quality services throughout the world.
 And I would heartily like to thank our colleagues for their commitment and passion and to our customers for their trust and loyalty.
 thank you
 Without you, the first semester would have looked differently.
 and that's the energy and passion of the best logistics team in our industry.
 And having said so, I would like to hand over back to Sandra to open tuning.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on the touchtone telephone.
 You will hear a tone to confirm that you have entered the queue.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two.
 Participants are requested to use only handsets while asking a question.
 Anyone who has a question may press star and one at this time.
 The first question comes from Daniel Ruschka from Sanford Bernstein.
 Please go ahead.
 Jens, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions.
 Could you elaborate
 what is enabling the market share gain, especially during a crisis like this one,
 in your view, and kind of who's losing it?
 And then how much of that market share gain will you be able to retain kind of as things move more back to normal?
 You also talked a little bit about your cost-reduction efforts, and in today's report, you showed
 about 87,000 employees
 down from
 about 98 last year at the same point.
 Now, how much does that decrease?
 let's call it a rough 10,000 employees, is driven by the temporary furlough programs.
 And how much do you to actual sustainable reductions that then will benefit you kind of as you ramp back up?
 And tying this also to eTouch, back at the financial year results, you talked about $20 million annual life savings so far. Any indication on how this has progressed in the past six months?
 And, you know, do you expect that the automation will enable you to keep staff numbers lower as volumes go back up?
 or how are you thinking about kind of really driving eTouch through the business?
 Thanks.
 Thanks, Danny.
 Let me answer those questions.
 And let me start with the latter one, because we have alluded to that a couple of times.
 It's not about staff reduction.
 is enabling us to do more business and to drive business segments or growth in business segments
 with a traditionally lower margin, but with the high conversion rate still very attractive to us.
 That is eTouch.
 market share gains.
 We have mentioned that.
 we were able to gain market share
 because we changed the whole organization
 into addressing
 actively customers
 after Easter
 So we were engaged with all existing customers and potential customers, target customers, as we call them, and we had interaction virtually with all of them a couple of times throughout the week and months.
 And we want business.
 We want business without having met the customer physically.
 and we were winning business because we were operational
 And many of our mid-sized and smaller competitors were not operating.
 of our mid-sized and smaller competitors were not operational.
 They struggled to keep operations up and running.
 So that also would allude to answering your question, who lost?
 The lower part of the pyramid is the one that is under highest pressure.
 technology, connectivity, and also
 functionality of operating
 systems is a big challenge for many of them, and especially in an unprecedented situation
 that we all went through worldwide
 over the last three, four or five months
 that proved to be a big
 risk and a big problem because you couldn't overcome any of those
 deficiencies by just calling
 someone or going somewhere.
 You had to prove your systems and technology are working.
 how much can we retain
 I would say we convince our customers by quality.
 We don't convince by price.
 We are a quality supplier.
 and the customers that have made the experience
 over the last six months
 or in the past in general, they stay with us.
 We have a lot of customers that we retain because of our high quality service.
 And that's part of our Roadmap 2022 strategy.
 customer excellence is at the center of all the topics we do.
 We don't want to win transactional business just for the sake of winning it
 and operating it for one, two, or three months.
 We want customers to stay with us and see how much of our solution portfolio can generate benefits for them.
 Cost reduction efforts, I think we have made a lot of efforts with all the programs that are in place, but not only.
 we have optimized
 our workforce.
 we have
 reduced capacity very
 required, but we shifted capacity to those operations, sometimes in the same city or
 even the same wells where
 demand spiked so there is no rule we have only a few temporary labor i think it's 2000 a bit more
 than 2.000 Temp-Leber
 less than we had
 a year ago
 and this is
 driven by the effect that we see much higher demand still in some of the essential goods
 segments, especially
 Farmer Halsker and
 e-commerce. And this, from our
 point of view, sustainable volume.
 This will stay.
 So in different words, Daniel, I would say we made a organic growth experience compressed in five months, maybe, or four months that we usually would have gone through in our customers in a period of 18 months.
 And I would say that is, to a large extent, sticky and stays and will not be reversed.
 All right.
 Thanks.
 The next question comes from Satish Sivakumar from Citigroup.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Good afternoon, Dettler and Marcus.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 I have three questions.
 Firstly, could you please elaborate on volume trends through the quarter from SMEs, which
 markets are actually seeing weakness versus the relative strength?
 Secondly, in 2019, your SDNA expense was around 445 million Swiss franc.
 So, could you please update on the current run rate on SG&A?
 Finally, what has been your workforce return rate from remote working across the markets?
 Can you repeat the last question, please?
 I didn't get it.
 In terms of workforce returning back to office,
 what has been the written rate so far across key markets.
 Okay. So volume trends, which markets, as you know, the whole pandemic started mid of January already in Asia.
 and usually this is not an SME market
 or we have a much higher portion of blue chip customers there.
 But in Europe, it's mainly the SME customers that dropped out of business very fast.
 And the recovery is starting, or I started now in June, I would say.
 So the first sign of a recovery of SME customers has been seen in June in Europe and partly in other markets, but mainly in Europe.
 And this will take time.
 It will not come overnight.
 At the moment, the pandemic is hitting the Americas, and we see that we have still volumes that are down and not recovering.
 but here I would say
 it has bottomed out.
 So we are more positive today than we were three months ago when we discussed the quarter one results.
 I would say despite regional and local setbacks, despite regional and local setbacks, the pandemic is not over, but we have all managed and understood how to handle it.
 and governments have initiated enough protective health measures
 in order to secure the people and make them continue consuming.
 the SGE run rate
 has a lot of components
 And it starts with travel, for example.
 Well, I do not expect travel to come back this year, to say this clearly.
 So intercontinental travel, I would not expect to see any of the flights intercontinental with Kühne-Nagelstaff on it before September, if at all.
 And then we have made such a positive experience on winning new customers.
 customers and
 and such a positive experience with winning customers and so on,
 online and virtual only that you could say every second trip can be spared in general moving forward.
 And then we have a currency effect here as well.
 There's a currency effect in SGE because we translate everything into the hard currency Swiss franc, and that has an effect in itself as well.
 I hope that answers your questions.
 The next question comes from David Kirsten from Jefferies.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good afternoon, gentlemen.
 Three questions, please, from my side.
 First on sea logistics.
 It turns out that the volume development is better than expected as the quarter progressed.
 I was wondering, did you see a noticeable impact from a shift from air to sea freight
 due to the lack of capacity in air freight.
 Then, secondly, in air logistics, you benefited from, I think, in constant currency, a 34% high yield.
 And now with the air freight market starting to normalize again,
 Would you expect that that air freight yield also normalizes back to the range that you indicated in your presentation of 70 to 85 Swiss francs per 100 kilogram?
 or do you expect to be able to continue to do better than that range?
 And then finally, on road logistics, I think the organic revenue was down 20% in the second quarter,
 quarter, but that's a mix of Europe and North America.
 Can you provide some color on how weak North America really was?
 and with a decrease of 20%.
 And does it still imply that you gained market share in the second quarter?
 because I think some of your peers referred to the market down only 15% in the second quarter.
 Thanks very much.
 Sure, David.
 So let me answer your questions.
 Sea logistics, yes, we had a better volume development than expected, but any shift from air to sea is insignificant for sea.
 sorry for saying so yeah one freighter has a 100 has 100 kilos and uh 100 tons and we are talking
 about i don't know uh six eight containers uh so it's a different business model you can't compare
 But what we saw is, and that is a good combination, and I mentioned that, is the ARC combination, yeah.
 So, yeah, you go into Dubai via sea and then you go into final distribution even to South America via air.
 And this combination, this solution, in light of the lacking supply side of freighter capacity, especially in China, got a lot of tailwind.
 And I mentioned that our volumes here spiked more than three times the normal volume that we see.
 So this combination showed a certain focus.
 logistics. I think I mentioned
 that during the presentation we expect especially in the second semester that the higher yield was
 a very special or was was a result of a very special supply and demand situation in quarter two
 and that the normalized yield of 70 to 85 swiss francs per 100 kilo will come in or will kick in
 Again, gradually, not overnight and not on a fingertip, but gradually.
 road logistics
 I think
 our comps are
 We have so many different figures in the market, and not being able to predict even what has happened or describe really what has happened is, I think, what we have to all – all of us have to be very careful with.
 So let me describe a situation that we experience in Europe.
 and then i come to the u.s europe we have volume reductions of 50 60 percent within weeks this
 happened in the first one, two, three
 weeks in April. But then this
 bottom out and the recovery
 gradually started already
 as of May.
 So, the figure you see is an average figure as of May.
 So the figure you see is an average figure of a volume development that had a lot of slumps and spikes and a lot of shifts over the last weeks.
 at the moment I
 or we all believe that the volumes are gradually coming back and they stay.
 It's not a one-time shot.
 And in the U.S., I think we are still on a very low level.
 But as I mentioned, it has bottomed out.
 So long story short, it was a disaster, and it's recovering.
 Okay, great. Thank you very much.
 You're welcome.
 The next question comes from Sam Bland from J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon. Could I ask, I think, three questions, please?
 The first one is on the C freight conversion rate.
 that's held up
 pretty well but I guess there wasn't very much
 there wasn't any benefit from e-touch in that segment.
 So just be interested in, did you do any cost savings programs in sea freight or what helped the conversion rate in the quarter?
 second question is on
 I think there was 57 million of employee government support in the quarter.
 Could you just talk about roughly which divisions that came in?
 Was it mostly in contract logistics?
 and could you see that support be withdrawn
 before the market recovers back up to normal rates.
 So there's basically a lag, and your profitability is impacted by that.
 And the last question would just be an update on M&A plans.
 obviously pay the dividend, should we read into that
 that any M&A ambitions are a bit less in the short run
 or you've still got plenty of farts, I have to look at that.
 Thank you.
 Okay, Sam.
 by the way guys
 you can also ask less than three questions.
 It's not a standard routine that you have to ask three questions only as a short hint to you.
 so see
 we have
 cost savings in place
 And there's no e-touch yet, because as mentioned many times, the pre-requisite is the fully deployed new transport management system called C-Lock as a basis for running e-touch activities in C-Logistics.
 The government programs that you allude to, 80, 85% is related to contract logistics, but people were out of work.
 So as volumes are coming back, also in the normal operation, people are in employment and we pay them.
 So that's not the point.
 We avoided to lay off people, which is beneficial for our staff and also for the government related to this.
 So the business, the operational run rate of contract logistics has been extremely strong.
 all the restructuring measures showed the desired effect.
 And we will see in the second semester when things are cleaning up more and more, especially in the quarter four figures, how strong contract logistics will Phoenix-like come back out of all the restructuring activities.
 And your question related to M&A ambition, I'm a bit surprised because our proposal, dividend proposal, has not changed to the one that we made prior to COVID-19.
 So when we posted our annual results,
 2019, there was a dividend proposal
 of fourth risk banks per share
 and cautious
 as we are
 we postponed
 a decision on this and did not
 decide on a dividend, given the
 and security unpredictability of the pandemic.
 And now as we see that cash flow is strong and we weather the situation strongly, we are in a situation that the Board of Directors decided to propose the same dividend again for the General Assembly.
 Our M&A ambition, our M&A strategy has not changed at all.
 But physical beatings in Asia are restricted at the moment.
 So whatever we do is based on video calls.
 Okay, understood. Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 The next question comes from Mark McVarric from Barclays.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, Mark?
 Mark.
 Hello?
 Hello.
 you were shocked
 while I said
 less than
 three questions, Mark.
 Yeah, no, it's not that.
 I'm only going to ask two questions.
 I'll be pleased to hear.
 Okay, very good.
 just for
 variety really so just to come back on on the air freight and capacity question
 a sense for how much
 of your air freight in Q2
 who went in freighters rather than belly hold.
 And do you see that changing significantly certainly in Q3 and maybe even into Q4?
 because my sense is that, you know,
 the airlines are bringing back into Q4
 because my sense is that, you know,
 airlines are bringing back capacity but much more of it is short and medium haul rather than the
 the long haul stuff, which is typically what you use.
 Exactly. So whatever belly comes back at the moment,
 it's short and medium haul
 and that doesn't help us
 I mean, usually that is not where we transact the majority of our business.
 Yeah.
 So I would expect in the second semester, 60 to 70 percent of our volume to be transported with freighters, main deck capacity.
 and belly will not
 recover too soon. I would say
 it will take maybe two years
 that we see a significant network activity,
 which allows
 for belly
 using very capacity again
 Yeah.
 I don't
 That is all.
 Yeah, go ahead.
 Sorry, the 60% to 70% that you think is going to go in phrases in the second half
 compared to, what, 90%, 95% in Q2
 battery capacity around.
 Yeah, I'm not sure.
 so this
 This is
 No, no, no, Mark, I'm not sure.
 end of this year we will have 60 to 70 percent of the belly capacity that should be back
 But we will still rely, we will still rely on freighter capacity to a major, major extent.
 And that will gradually transform or change throughout quarter three and quarter four.
 So we are talking end of the year, whereas at the moment, I think it's 90%, if I'm not mistaken, or early quarter two, middle of quarter two, the majority, almost all, is freighter capacity.
 So we have a lot of belly still in North America or the Americas, which can be used.
 And we use partially belly capacity for perishables out of African countries.
 Yep.
 So when you talk about the GP normalizing or coming back towards the longer-term range,
 that's much more the mix
 because I guess the like-for-like
 from using a freighter
 isn't going to be different in August than it was in April particularly, right?
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, it's the mix, clearly.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 and the second question
 a straightforward one. Could you just remind us
 where you stand on sort of credit insurance, on debtors, how much you use it?
 Thanks, Mark.
 I also got a question once
 it's always
 Bye.
 Hey.
 Great insurance
 is a very interesting topic right now, and without
 disclosing too much details you know that we work with the two main credit
 insurers on a global basis a lot of conversations going on right now and I don't want to say that
 insurers have all the similar patterns of
 obviously when
 business goes well
 There's a lot of insurance coverage available when business goes not so well.
 it goes down very quickly.
 But we are having a good partnership with them, and we try to manage as much coverage as possible.
 as I said in my presentation
 until now
 no significant
 defaults or fallout
 or bankruptcies or anything like that.
 However, there is, you know, the horizon is a bit darker than what it usually looks like.
 so there's a lot of caution that's going
 forward. How much we pay
 You can see that of the annual report we pay every year
 around three and a half to 4 million on insurance premium.
 I think that is giving our sales ledger of more than $3 billion a reasonable number when you assume that around 70% of that is being covered.
 Yeah, but broadly, as you go into the second half,
 if your level of cover is unchanged, yeah?
 Our level of cover is on a total number,
 probably unchanged
 When you look into some of the industries, it may vary, like aerospace industry might actually be reduced a little bit.
 some industries will be increased.
 But overall, the risk profile is shifting within the industries, but overall remains very stable.
 Okay, lovely. Thank you both very much.
 you're welcome
 The next question comes from Glenn Neal from Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead.
 Oh, hello.
 Neil from Credit Suisse
 If I could ask, firstly, another question of Marcus, if that works, to give you another opportunity.
 Marcus
 if
 if that works
 to give you another opportunity.
 Thanks, Niels.
 Much appreciated.
 my pleasure
 and then I'll have one for Detlef too if I may
 keep it to two
 So, so.
 So the first one, Marcus, you obviously spent some time talking about working capital and
 increasing risk to some of your SME
 customers. Just wondering
 As it pertains to see freight and the negative mix effect on GP per toy, as you plan beyond 2020, do you plan for a smaller proportion of SMEs relative to normal?
 or how do you think about that as it relates to GP per toy over the medium term?
 and then the second question
 And I guess it could be for either of you.
 Just following on from the air log comments on how it's evolving and
 obviously C-Log is to come.
 How relevant is this to your M&A ambitions that you obviously outlined to an extent of the full year?
 I guess, on one hand, optimization of those two TMSs might be ideal before any major transaction, but is that the way you think about it, or is that something that will ultimately take care of itself if you find the right deal in advance?
 Okay. Maybe, Neil, I'll take the letter question, if you don't mind.
 So first of all, we concentrate on our own business and optimizing our own business based
 on airlock and followed by c-lock and the e-touchability of that business make e-touch happen
 And we make progress here in air logistics, as we have pronounced.
 M&A is independent of this.
 this needs cultural fit we are looking for access to certain asian customers uh a solutioning that
 is not yet part of our own
 solutioning maybe. So there are a lot of other
 criteria and yes
 it would be much easier
 to transfer an acquisition directly on CLOC, to name this,
 than on our current legacy system.
 But if that would be needed, we can do so as well.
 I mean, we have proven that this is not a big exercise for us.
 So that is not a criteria that would influence our M&A approach or delay any M&A.
 It's more getting acquainted to those targets and also building up a basis of trust.
 And that needs physical, personal meetings, and you can't do this via video calls.
 we also we always said when we announced this because there were rumors in the market we always
 said it's a two years exercise it doesn't happen overnight but we make progress we never stopped we
 It didn't change approach.
 so from that point of view
 I'm quite confident that eventually
 we will be able to announce the right
 or the right acquisitions.
 So, Neil, then on the first question, I think it's interesting angle that you come from when the working capital and the risk profile to the SMA.
 I think we see now the SMEs volumes coming down in the second quarter
 just for a simple reason
 because most of the businesses
 had been due to the curfews have been have been just shut. That doesn't mean they reopen again.
 So I think what we are looking at in CFRED is that temporarily there is going to be a shift in mix away from the SMA.
 but i think ultimately is even going to be a bigger portion you know uh we have an extremely
 when you look at the the market share it's a very small market share we cover right now so
 It's an absolute attractive, and we're totally committed, as you know, in our customer base to the SME customer.
 This is our back tone of our operation, right?
 there is still a massive potential to grow
 in a very profitable market
 in the SME.
 So how the margin is going to look like, I think also here, there is a time that we need to look at for the normalization.
 But there is no systemic structural reason why the margin for SME should be lower than it has been in the past.
 So I think rightfully so, our backbone SME customer base, we will even get a bigger portion of that.
 and the profitability is going to be run exactly
 if not above the level that we had until now.
 Understood. Many thanks for all this interview.
 The next question comes from Franz Hoyer from Handelsbanken.
 Go ahead.
 Thank you very much.
 Good afternoon.
 Also a question regarding the mix shift in C towards SME.
 Could you try and describe how much of a shift in the mix you saw
 and what was the effect on the yield that you saw in the C business?
 I think those details we will not disclose.
 But the majority of the SME business has not been able to sustain their operations, their business models throughout the pandemic.
 at least for four or six weeks.
 And that has caused the reduction.
 So, but we see them gradually coming back.
 But as Marcus said before, some of them do not come back at all because their basis, their financial severeness is not given.
 and SME is everything
 the airfolder, it's also
 very niche products
 that has not seen
 an increase in demand at the
 moment. Whether you have hand
 painted tiles that
 are produced in northern Italy
 and the demand is coming back now in Denmark, for example, is rather questionable, France.
 And that is maybe how you should think about it.
 But eventually that will come back.
 and our business is
 and we are strong in SME business.
 our business is
 stood towards SMEs.
 So that gives you a bit of a flavor.
 it's a result of the pandemic
 and not of a
 how should I say, a conscious mixed decision?
 No, I understand.
 Okay, and the second question, final question, is around the M&A market and whether the drop – I mean, you mentioned that you're winning markets, gaining market shares, and those that are losing it are typically the smaller mid-sized competitors that are having difficulties on the technology front, connectivity, and so on.
 And you also talk about credit risks escalating.
 So there might be an uptick in the M&A opportunities that you see.
 Maybe you can talk about that.
 Yeah, we monitor the market for many years and we are active in the market, as you know, but not everything that looks shiny is of interest for us.
 And that may be, to fulfill our strategic targets and to continue our growth paths that we have embarked on many years ago, we don't need M&A.
 What we have defined targets, what we want to achieve with an M&A approach.
 And if we find targets that are fulfilling those requirements, we will become active.
 And if not, we don't.
 So, and for us, the market has not significantly changed at the moment.
 and we never looked at
 We always looked at targets also in the past that were successful with their business model in their geography or in their solutioning.
 We are not looking for a restructuring case.
 That's not our business.
 Okay.
 understood thank you very much
 Thank you.
 Thanks, thanks.
 The next question comes from Christian Obst from Bader Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 or long-term leases, so we have seen an increase in depreciation of right of used assets from
 two hundred uh...
 thirty seven to two hundred fifty four
 million in the second quarter
 this here
 And so what is the trigger for a decision going for CARPEX or for long-term leases?
 and how is the current market for long-term leases developing?
 or so what is the main trigger for any decision in either way.
 Second one is you are talking, and of course there is DSO pressure.
 are you currently supporting some of your customers
 so for longer payment terms
 or something like that
 to keep them
 into your network.
 And the last one is getting you give us a guidance for any kind of income from disposals in the second half.
 Thank you.
 So, Christian, Roger, if you've asked it, I think your question has two answers.
 the first one is
 what is the decision-making reasons to it
 And the second one is, what is the increase in the second quarter?
 There are two different reasons for that.
 the
 maybe the more technical
 Well, first, you know that we have the asset held for sale related to the disposal of the business in the UK, which also includes right of use assets.
 and as per the IFRS standards, you have to stop depreciations at the point of signing
 and then keep that frozen, if you like, until the point of closing.
 that is the
 And that is a simple reason why you have the variances in the second quarter and continue to have until closing has been has been executed.
 So that is the technical part.
 Then the question around, what makes us deciding into one or the other page,
 and what makes us deciding into one or the other pace.
 Main and most important piece to it is that, because we talk most of it of locations, right, of conflict logistics facilities, right?
 So what is the perspective of that contract logistics facility?
 Is that a facility that is an operational optimal position?
 then obviously we want to keep our flexibility
 most of the time back-to-back with customers where we say we have a five or
 I don't know, 10 years customer contracts.
 You know, I'm just making an example.
 and we match that with our lease commitment.
 It's flexibility that is driving our asset-light business model, right?
 So if you ask us, you know, then each answer is going to be the more flexible, the better.
 We only make investment decisions where locations do not provide the required quality of facility.
 I'll give you one example. A few years back, we were investing into a pharma hub in Singapore because there was no such pharma space available, right?
 So with a couple of ups and downs, you know, right now, it became a very good decision, you know, in the current circumstances to have that space available.
 So, but this is really the exception where there is a good reason why to invest our own money.
 In all the other cases, a lease agreement back-to-back with the customer will be preferable.
 DSO, second question, DSO, we never sell on payment terms.
 We don't.
 This is irrespectively of any pressure, demand, or anything like that.
 We sell because we have a very good service.
 we are fully operational, we are competitive in the market, we are not selling on terms.
 Okay, that's clear.
 and the last one
 I didn't write down the last one.
 Perfect, long-term leave and income from disposals.
 Oh, income from disposals in the first half?
 Oh, I did a second cough.
 In the second half, we have a second real estate portfolio is out for sale.
 I do not expect material impact on the P&L out of that.
 So it's going to be less than $10 million.
 Okay. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Moneba Kayani from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
 we should be thinking about it in 3Q and the second half of the year and then
 And then secondly, what have you seen from the digital forwarders during the COVID crisis?
 a higher or lower presence from them during the crisis.
 Okay, let me answer your question.
 Okay, okay.
 the latter question
 And I don't know what digital forwarders are, but I would believe our digital solutions got a lot of pickup during the crisis.
 We have not seen many of our competitors in general being active or aggressive in the market.
 I would say a handful have been, the rest somehow disappeared.
 And I'm not exaggerating.
 So, I will not name any, and I will not give any comments on single forwarders.
 the quantification of the benefits from
 perishable. First of all, perishable
 is a low
 low margin business
 and we had less perishables, one-third less approximately volume,
 and one-third less perishables in the first semester.
 that led to the cargo
 makes to hire yield independent
 on whether charter was available or required
 or the rate spiked or not.
 we believe that this
 perishable volume comes back
 gradually in the second semester.
 And thus the mix would reinstate with a lower yield.
 So the 70 to 85 Swiss francs per 100 kilo will become a reality also because of the cargo mix with one third of our total volume being perishable.
 I hope that helps
 I hope that helps.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 The last question comes from Sebastian Vogel from UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, I've got two questions.
 The first one would be on contract logistics.
 you mentioned there
 your cost, your expenses came down quite a fair bit.
 I was wondering if you can add more granularity how the different cost items, i.e. personal
 and the other one, SG&A, have contributed to this development in the second quarter.
 And the other question I have,
 If I calculated correctly, your conversion ratio, in particular in Asia,
 was quite high in the second quarter.
 Is that mainly a function of the transport mode exposure of that region?
 So, Sebastian, first of all, we don't look at conversion rates per region because it depends on the terms our customers apply on where to, you know, invoice and pay transport bills.
 so it's cute
 Be careful. We have a profit sharing model.
 So that is within or internally between regions.
 So that will not really help.
 conversion rate for
 who is influenced by the performance of the different business units.
 And yes, in quarter two, air freight or air logistics has been extremely successful.
 successful um the uh the question on contract logistics and cost development the majority of
 the cost is people, colleagues, and the second cost factor is lease.
 I gave an answer on the lease already
 because 50% or a bit more of our contracts are all back-to-back,
 We dedicate it with single customers.
 So the fixed cost coverage is usually part of our contracts.
 so that is not an exposure
 And the rest is capacity.
 capacity and we breathed with the volume very well yes we did not have a mass layoff and we
 stated so many times, it's not
 necessary because from the beginning
 of the pandemic, we said this would be
 in a situation that would, that is limited by time.
 it would not end up in a permanent situation
 And that is exactly what we see.
 Many of the operations are back.
 I mentioned that only 12 operations out of more than 600 contract logistics sites are still locked down.
 and 11 out of them are in one country
 because some infrastructures have not opened yet
 And the rest is fully operational or has started to become operational again.
 maybe not a three-shift operation
 or weekend shifts, but if you look
 into China, and China
 is maybe a
 we can learn from China
 or asia because they went through this pandemic very early and and gradually uh we have full
 employment in our operations in China.
 we have
 additional shifts introduced
 in our line feeding automotive production line services spare part services and we see increasing
 and strong demand for a lot of goods out of China.
 and therefore
 we see that a lot of our customers
 start picking up
 in volume again.
 is this VTWO or whatever letter, forget it.
 But it's not as fast as we thought, but the slump was not as severe as we anticipated before.
 So I hope that helps to answer your question.
 it's
 personal cost is the main factor
 and we are almost in full employment again
 in contract logistics.
 That means we have a gross profit related to that activity, and the rest is lease cost, and our idle capacity has not changed significantly.
 We are below 3% in idle capacity.
 That's a leading indicator in our industry.
 Thank you, Sebastian.
 Gentlemen, that was the last question.
 Thank you, Sandra.
 Ladies and gentlemen.
 Ladies and gentlemen, logistics is people business, and we are proud of our people.
 they have managed
 this crisis extremely well
 And we are honored by our customers, their loyalty and their business that they awarded to us during the last, especially last quarter.
 We will see how we progress over the next quarter, quarter three.
 And we are looking forward to talking to you again, middle of October.
 And in the meantime, stay healthy.
 don't travel too much
 don't forget to use masks
 because we need you
 as end consumers
 like millions
 and
 millions
 and
 billions of others because end consumers drive our business model and we want to see a strong
 quarter three when we
 talk next. Thank you very much and talk to you again soon. Have a nice summer. Bye-bye and talk
 to you again
 soon
 Have a nice summer. Bye-bye.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the conference is now over.
 Thank you for choosing Chorus Call
 And thank you for participating in the conference.
 You may not disconnect your lines. Goodbye.