 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to CUNY Noggle's half-year 2020 results conference call.
 I am Sandra, the course co-operator.
 I would like to remind you that all participants will be in listen-only mode and the conference
 The presentation will be followed by a Q&A session.
 You can register for questions at any time by pressing star and one on your telephone.
 For Operator Assistant, please press star and zero.
 The conference must not be recorded for publication or broadcast.
 At this time, it's my pleasure to hand over to Dr. Detlef Drestger, CEO of Kunen Nagel.
 Please, go ahead, sir.
 Thank you Sandra. Good morning. Good day, good afternoon and good evening to all of you and
 and welcome to the analyst conference
 on the semi-annual half year 2020 results
 of Queen and Nagel International Age,
 Oh, a CFO.
 Marcus Blanka, and I welcome you from sunny Switzerland.
 We published our half year results and the respective slide deck earlier today.
 And as always, let's get started on slide 3.
 Over the first year, over the first half of the year, the Q&A larger group successfully
 managed to deliver excellent service for customers in the face of unprecedented challenges posed
 by the COVID-19 pandemic.
 This started with the very abrupt halt
 to Chinese exports in February,
 followed by lockdowns in March,
 and a deliberate pace of day-to-day recovery.
 thanks to our dedicated colleagues
 at a seamless transition of approximately 45,000 stuff
 to home office.
 in a matter of days,
 Our customers face no degradation of service quality,
 despite extraordinary volatility
 and demand for essential goods.
 This culminated in substantial market share gains.
 across all transactional business units.
 from a financial perspective.
 The group's performance in quarter two is a testament to our flexible, asset-like business
 model and our efforts to optimally variableize a meaningful portion of our short-term fixed
 costs. And looking at those four key figures that are in front of you, you will see that the net
 turnover decreased by 7.5% heavily impacted by an ethics effect of 5.9% versus previous year.
 went down by 9.1 percent and the EBIT by 18 percent down to 419 million Swiss
 Franks in the first half of 2020.
 Earnings per share landed at 2.58 Swiss Ranks per share.
 Please follow me on the next slide.
 Slide four with a couple of details on the group and the business units.
 Group earnings for the period of the first six months were at 309 million Swiss francs
 And we generated a strong free cash flow of 383 million Swiss
 ranks. Looking at the four business units, let's start with C Logistics. We have seen an EBIT of
 of 167 million Swiss francs, which were 28% below previous year,
 As a result of a shifting cargo mix,
 less SME volumes and a positive reefer and pharma development.
 Also, the demand for rail solution, especially at China, started to pick up strongly as of June,
 last quarter. Air logistics, an EBIT of 181 million Swiss
 strength has been achieved, which is 4% higher than previous year, based on a high demand
 for crisis goods, but also a demand for special solutions such as sea and air volumes, which
 more than triples in quarter to 2020.
 Road logistics ended the first semester with an EBIT of 26 million Swiss francs all networks
 were maintained. And Europe now is slowly recovering, while the Americas are still suffering
 from the effects of the pandemic. And contract logistics ended the first semester with an
 an EBIT of 45 million Swiss ranks, 21% below previous year,
 seeing a high demand of essential goods and answering the gross profit decline with strict
 cost management, almost matching the gross profit development.
 On slide six, we will discuss briefly the volume development
 in sea logistics and air logistics. Please, let me start with sea logistics first. We have a
 pronounced efforts in sea logistics, especially on maintaining our own networks in sea logistics,
 especially on maintaining our own network capacity, which yielded insignificant market
 share gains across all segments, but especially in pharma and reefer and the e-commerce segment.
 The cargo mix, I mentioned that before.
 showed a significantly lower SME volume.
 And this is a higher yielding as we have mentioned
 in some of our previous calls.
 The market demand has continues the recovering over the course of quarter two, but it's still below previous year
 that may give you some hints on how market, sorry, how our volume developed month by month
 in quarter two.
 We saw April was a 15%, 1,5% volume decrease.
 But gaining market share ended our volumes in May by only minus 12% and the June volumes
 already showed a minus 8% volume decrease. So gradually we see volumes picking up again,
 but still lower than previous year. In total, we shipped 217,000 TULS in our networks,
 which resulted into an 11.7% reduction in quarter two
 And a 9.1% reduction in volumes for the first semester 2020 foresee logistics.
 Logistics saw a significantly lower demand for dry cargo and perishables and both are
 lower yielding as you know, a strong demand for essential goods which were higher yielding and
 and mainly produced or operated in a charter
 Well, via charter business because the recovery of belly is not expected to see or show significant
 the effects before quarter four this year.
 the soaring demand for CNR solutions.
 and also a monthly development
 was rather stable by minus 23 to minus 20 percent April to June. In total, the first semester a
 a reduction in volume of minus 15.5%.
 How does this translate now into the unit performance
 performance of the business units and please follow me on slide 7 first see logistics mentioned
 this already two times. Now, for the third time, carbon mixes lower SME volumes, volume
 gains in pharma, e-commerce, and river, and a stable margin development per unit in constant
 currency.
 On the next slide, slide eight, you see the details of the development.
 The gross profit mix is the driver of the unit profitability.
 And with an Fx effect, a currency effect of 6%, minus 6%, on the unit basis, you have,
 or you see a constant development or constant margin per toy per tu in quarter two this year.
 All cost measures were intact and including the tailwind from FX or from currency,
 we saw a reduction in the cost level per unit as well. The EBIT per PEU is well below our normal
 EBIT 30U, but this includes also headwind from currency of 6%. So in total we are at the lower
 end of the range that we usually pursue, the 80 to 100 Swiss
 banks, TU EBIT 30U.
 But it's recovering.
 And we also see some seasonal effects kicking in.
 We are focusing especially in key logistics on excellent customer service and we have
 one significant business, which already related or resulted in less volume reductions than
 one might have expected from the market development and quarter
 tool has been stronger and improving month by month with regards to both volume, margin,
 profitability, unit profitability.
 Slide nine air logistics the general cargo volume declined significantly
 I will comment on this on the next slide, and the demand for higher yielding crisis
 Go test for it.
 The market demand has been much weaker in quarter two as anticipated.
 we have to say the regular dry cargo, so the general cargo, the normal cargo that we
 transport, especially in the valley capacity, has been down by minus 40 to minus 50 percent.
 And this has been offset by crisis volumes, essential goods, but not only crisis volumes,
 essential goods, but not only PPE, but also package food,
 package food as well as e-commerce volumes went into that segment.
 Perishables were down in April and May, but the recovery started already in June, and we
 also see hard cargo or general cargo coming back step by step as of June this year.
 We had a spike in charter business while Belly was not existing, which led to unit figures
 that are skewed by a different way of producing air logistics and our unit yield as you can see is
 clearly above our normal range of 70 to 85 Swiss francs per 100 kilo per tonne, sorry, no per 100 kilo
 for the normal volumes transported in our networks.
 The unit EBIT is also above normal despite higher currency headwinds and this marks a 50% increase in quarter two versus previous quarter due to the beneficial volume mix.
 The cost consciousness also in this business unit, as well as the first airlock efficiencies
 that we have seen kicking in into that segment.
 Slide 11, a short overview on road logistics.
 Europe is slowly recovering while the volumes in America stay at a low and very low level at the
 moment this is true for both intermodal as well as truck brokerage we have seen slide 12 now we
 We have seen a faster, massive deterioration
 of volumes in Europe at the start of quarter two.
 I think we mentioned that when we had our quarter one analyst call with you and the order of
 of magnitude has been higher than 50% volume reductions.
 But that was true for two, three weeks only.
 and we see a steady volume recovery step-by-step,
 especially in domestic transport in Europe at the moment.
 U.S. followed with a sharp volume decline end of April and especially intermodal, more or less,
 collapsed and we see a steady recovery since June in Europe and a stabilization on a low level
 in the U.S. at the moment.
 international and cross-border,
 which is the higher-yielding business,
 those transports are still lagging,
 but also here we see volumes coming back in.
 All of our networks have been maintained and we are ready to deal with the cargo kicking
 in and in some markets I will not say the geography we have even had to reject certain
 volumes because our networks were filled again in June. That's true for domestic transports.
 We saw a very strong growth in bookings on our digital road platform called E-Truck Now.
 And we have been able to roll this out even in a virtual environment over the last couple of months in many Asian countries.
 and we see the volume soaring on that platform at the moment.
 While EBIT was 42 percent below previous year,
 We generated a positive event of 26 million Swiss ranks and in our best case scenario,
 we would not have expected a positive quarter two
 who in road will just excuse the character of our networks.
 So we are very proud of what has been achieved here, countering volume reductions with cost
 measures.
 Live 13, contract logistics.
 And I have to say contract logistics
 showed high resilience, and it showed two faces.
 The ugly face, if I may say so, was industries that clearly
 were down-training, automotive and industrial to name two.
 And we had complete shutdowns by customers and sometimes by governments in those industries
 four, two, three, four, six, up to eight weeks.
 And some of the volumes have not recovered even to a sizable level again than prior to the crisis.
 And there was a couple of nice faces that we saw or up-trading industries, the farmer
 and health care industry, the up-trading industries, the farmer and health care industry, the industry
 for essential goods, which is packaged food
 and food and consumables and also e-commerce.
 And here the volumes were well above seasonal peaks.
 And we had extra shifts that we had to introduce,
 especially on the weekends,
 to cope with the soaring and spiking demand.
 90% or up to 85% to 90% of our sites
 remained open throughout the whole crisis.
 and currently we only have 12 sites
 that are still closed out of more than 600 sites globally.
 So we see a clear confirmation
 that 50% of our solution portfolio is related to,
 to essential goods and this demand has never stopped or has never been reduced.
 On details on the contract logistics business unit on slide 14, the implementation of the
 COVID-19 SOPs or operating procedures across all operations were introduced, but they also
 added a lot of cost and a loss of efficiencies.
 While we were doing everything to protect our staff,
 we lost clearly efficiencies.
 cleaning disinfection between shifts, no overlap of shifts
 anymore, segregation of workflow between shifts,
 led to a lower productivity and higher cost, obviously.
 But the excellent cost management that contract logistics
 to introduce immediately with the crisis becoming one.
 So as of February, clearly showed progress and we were excluding the pressure from the
 exchange rate.
 we were able to counter the top line revenue pressure with cost measures almost entirely.
 And that is for such a huge business unit employing so many people that's a huge effort
 and a great result.
 So the high portion in our solution portfolio
 of essential goods, short, high resilience.
 and believes that largely backed by contracts with customers
 back-to-back. So we have more than 50% of our sites are so-called dedicated sites.
 So we were not exposed to an over-composed lease without any activity in too many sites.
 in EBIT almost on the level of previous year, quarter two.
 And having said so, I am happy to hand over to my colleague Marcus to lead you through the key financial figures.
 Thank you very much that less welcome to all participants also from my side a very special second quarter indeed
 time that was characterized by unusual business pattern.
 I think we had quite a bit of time.
 We had quite some opposite focus on business management
 focus on in the business units.
 air freight can be described by just make it happen, times where customers as much as
 on the carrier side, I think a lot of creativity was being required to make things happen.
 On the other side, as Detlef mentioned in contract logistics, clear focus on cost containment
 into cost management.
 So a lot of times we have been confronted with the fact
 that's traditional KPIs,
 performance indicators have been not extremely helpful. We needed to look
 differently at the business because it was a very special situation. But I want to lead you on the
 of the page number 16.
 I think the result ultimately was a quite good one.
 And when you look at the magnitude of impact,
 what such an unusual business can happen is,
 when you look at the gross profit development
 from the set from the first and the second quarter
 to compare to last year,
 We have actually lost in the second quarter,
 265 million gross profit compared to last year.
 that is two and a half times more than in the first quarter.
 However, on an EBITDA level,
 we actually have been at the same even better level
 that then compared to two day first quarter.
 So we only, if you like, still a big number, but it's quarter.
 So we only, if you like, still a big number,
 but only had a reduction in average day of 30 million out of a
 a cross-profit reduction of 265.
 So there's quite a lot of the cost contained
 and the cost management in between,
 that I think you can, you can appreciate was, was quite a piece of hard work to, to get that done.
 Going further down in the P&L, of course, on an EBT level, yes, we are around 18% behind
 last year on a half year basis.
 So 90 million, 90, of which, and that's not an excuse,
 which is the fact of around 20 million
 are coming out of foreign currency exchange.
 So $70 million from an operational perspective,
 reduced reduction versus last year.
 So in relative terms, I believe the second quarter
 and that's also very apparent,
 was even better than the first quarter.
 Page number 17, let's talk about the air and sea freight in that context, the E-Touch project and the automation initiatives behind that.
 We have presented the potential of the E-Touch initiatives in commercial terms and our full
 year 2019 presentation. So what you see here is merely an update where we stand. It's not a new
 assessment of values. It's just an update on progress and I think you can appreciate we have
 sets the baseline in many areas in air freight and our operating system airlock is is fully
 role that in 2019, which is prerequisite for many of the E-Touch initiatives, not all of
 of them, but many of those.
 And you can see despite the fact that Q2
 had been a challenging environment to put through projects, but we have continued to
 to drive E-Touch initiatives.
 and we made pretty good progress, at least in one.
 of the five core areas, the one that is custom of booking an order entry.
 I think the message here is, yes, we do not expect any miracles right now in the current
 situation with still over a good three-month people working
 partially from home, partially just what I said,
 trying to keep up service in an excellent manner.
 that some of these projects have a slight delay,
 The message that I want to give you here is E-Touch is on track.
 Page number 18 balance sheet and I'm only gonna talk about three four components
 of course, some of them housekeeping.
 First one trade receivable is the biggest item
 on the balance sheets, 3.3 billion
 by the end of June 2020, compared to 3.6 billion,
 Not surprisingly, again, here we see a position where business volume has reduced slightly,
 And you know, it's a function basically of rates and and volume.
 But, of course, a currency impact also on that position that is reducing the overall
 amount.
 Secondly, and arguably more important, cash and cash equivalent.
 I think our balance sheet is strong with a with a gross cash position here of nearly 1.2 billion
 translated into net cash of around $760 million, which compares to roughly $900 million, respectively
 480 million by the end of the first quarter 2020. So simple terms, a very good development
 in the cash generation.
 In light, I think of the decision that you have read in the news today, in light of the
 decision to propose the distribution of dividend to the shareholders of four Swiss francs,
 we have calculated a pro forma net cash position
 that point in time, and that would still be positive with $218 million, just as a house
 keeping topic here. You're aware that we have a Revolving Credit Facility available to us,
 which is entirely undrawn, so nothing has been used so far in the extent,
 or at the frame of 750 million.
 Coming back to the next item on the balance sheet, asset health for sale also here, information purposes.
 this is the value that we have or that is the scope of the business that we have signed a contract
 of divestment with XPO. You can see here very transparent as it held for sale. So you can see
 be a very transparent asset health for sale,
 400 million liabilities associated with these assets held for sale 300, so the net asset
 value of that business to be carved out is around 100 million equity ratio I'm sure you
 have already calculated that yourself from December 23.6 percent and increased to 25.9
 percent. So I think the solidity of the balance sheet is also in these rough times and unusual
 times a benefit.
 Never do less, balance sheet is one thing.
 cash is cash is king so main topic cash going swiftly to page number 19 operational cash flow
 So, you can see that here in the first half 2020 at around 804 million similar level than
 last year with around £872 million. However, when we go down a little bit and look at the total
 the cash and cash equivalence situation, we have an increase on the cash balance of
 around 666 million, be reminded at that point in time,
 time that included last year a dividend payment to the amount of 720 million. So comparably at
 at similar level.
 free cash flow generation, really what we are looking at,
 very resilient, the free cash flow generation also in the second quarter.
 So I'm talking second quarter, not half year, in the second quarter of 227 million,
 which compares to 223 million. So let's talk about crisis or non-crisis free cash flow generation
 have been at the very same level as last year. Excluding some of the disposals and this gives
 a bit of an idea on how much extraordinary components are in there, excluding the disposals,
 the underlying free cash flow for the second quarter was still $221.
 So the swing that we talked due to disposals is a very neglectable I think 6 million out of the
 the free cash flow. For everybody who runs some of the models, I think you can see here
 from the investing activities, the cross-cap X, the run rate, so the cap X that we spend
 into the business is currently aiming at around 200 million on an annual basis, which is which
 is significantly lower than we had it seen over the last couple of years. Some of the
 drivers of course is the counter logistic disposal of the of part of the UK business
 at the same time, we're also very diligently working on the usage of long term leases according
 to IFRS 16 rather than outright purchase.
 I'm looking at the pattern in time.
 So the trajectory of the free cash flow,
 I think when you look at the curves on the page 19
 on the right side, there is no reason to believe
 that should look differently, at least in the third quarter than it was last year, again
 be reminded in the fourth quarter, we had some extraordinary impact in 2019, so we should
 expect a more even development into the fourth order also for 2020.
 I'm going to page number 20 and I only touched the accounts receivable quickly on the balance sheet.
 and when I talked about the balance sheet, here you see trade receivables have decreased over
 year-over-year by around 400 million. The reasons that I mentioned already, trade payables by around
 to in the 60 million so our networking capital is down around 146 million and what's more important
 our KPIs and DSOs and DPOs, we were able to keep, especially on the DSO side, days of sales
 outstanding. A number around 54, 55, so we have a deviation of 0.4 days. Many questions
 coming along our way, obviously, is there pressure from customers on extended payment
 terms yes there is very clear yes there is but I think we will see more
 pressure coming in the third and fourth quarter. We are we are holding up quite well. I think
 service is one of the important arguments to maintain the DSOs. At the same time, I think
 I think our focus moves towards the risk profile behind the counterparties.
 I do expect, I do expect going forward for the next two,
 to three quarters, an increase in the risk
 to three quarters, an increase in the risk profile
 on counter party risks.
 Um, so nothing bad happened.
 far. I want to underline that. It's no big defaults or anything like that, but I would
 expect that the pressure is also here getting higher until the end of the year and maybe
 into the first half of the year 2021.
 return on capital employed page number 21 page number 21 you see that little inflection point that
 that we had here from 60% up to 66,67.
 And I think that was a, that was a good sign.
 So now we see a little bit of the COVID-19 effect
 that pushes down to 62% again, very clear,
 and I just wrote it for clarity and just decided
 the sudden decrease of the profitability
 that we have seen also on the P&R on a very similar asset
 state is obviously mathematically leading to a bit of a bit of a compression on this
 one.
 However, from a target perspective, we maintain our financial, our financial targets with
 with around 70% return on capture and employed.
 should be possible.
 The good news and at the same time I think the expected also from some of you news is on the
 the next page, page number 22.
 dividend proposal, just to put also some clarity around conversations we had over the last
 years, you know that we never had a formal rich
 and dividend policy, as it is, all decision-making power remains with the Board of Directors
 and the General Assembly.
 That, having said, the actual payout ratio in the recent years was always consistent
 with also our verbal communication to a distribution of around 75% of the net profit
 to do the same for the other two.
 So, that's it.
 Clearly, now the BOD's proposal is based on the assessment of the market conditions and
 also the groups performance and likely ongoing performance and as you can see here the proposal
 two-day annual or the extraordinary general meeting on September 2 will be to pay out
 a dividend of four Swiss ring.
 targets and last slide from my presentation. I think you see on the left side the group
 financial targets conversion rate 11 to 16 percent I think everybody's clear one
 of the main drivers, E-Touch, return on capital employed,
 just spoke about it. I think when we come back to regular profitability based on our asset base,
 70% is in reach. Working capital intensity, I want to talk about that first, working capital
 intensity currently at 3.9 percent and you might have noticed I have intentionally widened a little
 bit the corridor from top end four and a half percent to five percent for a simple reason,
 because I believe that is anticipating a reflection of pressure on counterparty risk
 and potential DSOs for the next four quarters.
 Text rate.
 Thanks, Ray.
 tax rate I think very important to look at this one is a housekeeping topic
 for you also to update on your models. We expect a group effective tax rate of around 24 to 26%
 percent up from around 24 to 25 as per our latest communication. This is just reflecting the current
 shift in the business and geographic mix. So just that you're not surprised on your models.
 On the right side, the four business units, you see the first line, our actual performance
 in volumes, but underneath the part that everybody was really waiting for, that is the update
 on the market expectations for 2020 and the outlook.
 And as you can imagine, I think we're in line
 with many of our peers.
 We are not giving any.
 You know, I think the performance that the group has shown so far
 gives us a certain confidence in our ability also to manage through what we believe is going to
 still be volatile and highly uncertain.
 Belief is going to still be a volatile and highly uncertain market, also for the rest of the year.
 and as the market outlook remains extremely uncertain to us as well, we offer again no explicit
 financial guidance for the group, nor volume guidance until the end of the year.
 sorry for that, but at the current stage, you will have to, or we will all have to live with
 guess working and a bit of a color of what we said on our past performance. With that little
 lack of outlook. I will hand over to Dantlev and thank you, Markus. And the lack of outlook
 maybe marks the whole year because in the pandemic, we have to fly on site. That is the saying we have
 As far as we can look ahead, we initiate measures and activities and the rest is agility,
 adaptivity to a situation that you can't really predict.
 On slide 24, I want to make a couple of remarks.
 Logistics is and will stay people's business, even in a more and more digital environment,
 we have embarked on this route.
 Our roadmap 2022, which started in 2018,
 and we are in the middle of that road map.
 roadmap deployment blends customer technology and people.
 And we believe that the COVID-19 pandemic
 in the last six months have clearly shown
 that we have embarked on the right strategy.
 We stayed fully operational throughout the crisis
 and continue serving our customers
 with our high quality services throughout the world.
 And I would heartily like to thank our colleagues
 for their commitment and passion.
 and to our customers for their trust and loyalty.
 Thank you.
 Without you, the first semester would have looked differently
 and that's the energy and passion
 of the best logistics team in our industry.
 And having said so, I would like to hand over
 back to Sandra to open tuning.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question,
 may pre-star on one on the touch-tone telephone.
 you will hear a tone to confirm that you have entered a cue.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two.
 are requested to use only handsets while asking a question.
 Anyone with a question may press star and one at this time.
 First question comes from Daniel Röschka from Sanford, Bönnstein.
 Please go ahead.
 Jen, it's a good afternoon.
 Thanks for taking the questions.
 Could you elaborate what is enabling the market share gain, especially during a crisis like
 this one in your view and kind of who's losing it and then how much of that market share
 gain will you be able to retain kind of as things move more back to normal. You also
 talked a little bit about your cost reduction effort and in today's report you showed about
 about 87,000 employees down from about 98 last year at the same point.
 How much does that decrease?
 let's call it a rough 10,000 employees, is driven by the temporary furlough programs
 and how much due to actual sustainable reductions
 that then will benefit you kind of as you ramp back up.
 And tying this also to eTouch, back at the financial year results, you talked about 20
 million annual life savings so far. Any indication on how this has progressed in the past six
 And, you know, do you expect that the automation will enable you to keep staff numbers lower
 as volumes go back up or how are you thinking about kind of really driving e-touch through
 the business.
 Thanks, Daniel. Let me answer those question. Let me start with the letter one because we have alluded to that a couple of times
 It's not about staff reduction.
 E-Touch is enabling us to do more business and to drive business segments or growth in
 business segments with a traditionally lower margin, but with the high conversion rate,
 still very attractive to us. That is eTouch. Market share gains. We have mentioned that we were able
 to gain market share because we changed the whole organization into addressing actively
 customers after Easter. So, we were engaged with all existing customers and potential customers,
 target customers as we call them and we had interaction virtually with all of them a couple
 of times throughout the week and months. And we want business. We want business without having met
 the customer physically and we were winning business because we were operational and many of our
 mid-sized and smaller competitors were not operating.
 of our mid-sized and smaller competitors were not operational.
 They struggled to clip operations up and running.
 So that also would allude to answering your question,
 who lost?
 The lower part of the pyramid is the one
 that is under highest pressure.
 technology, connectivity, and also functionality of operating systems is a big challenge for
 many of them, and especially in a unprecedented situation that we all went through worldwide
 over the last three, four or five months, that proved to be a big risk and a big problem,
 you couldn't overcome any of those deficiencies by just calling someone or going somewhere.
 your heads to prove your systems and technology are working. How much can we retain? I would say
 we convince our customers by quality. We don't convince by price, we are a quality supplier.
 and the customers that have made the experience
 over the last six months or in the past in general,
 they stay with us. We have a lot of customers that we retain because of our high quality service
 And that's part of our roadmap 2022 strategy.
 customer excellence is at the center of all the topics we do. We don't want to win transactional
 business just for the sake of winning it for and operating it for one, two or three months.
 we want customers to stay with us and see how much of our solution portfolio can generate
 benefits for them.
 reduction efforts. I think we have made a lot of efforts with all the programs that are in place,
 but not only. We have optimized our workforce. We have reduced capacity very
 required, but we shifted capacity to those operations, sometimes in the same city or
 or even the same warehouse where demand spiked.
 So there is no rule.
 We have only a few temporary labor.
 I think it's 2,000, a bit more than 2,000 temp labor, less than we had a year ago.
 And this is driven by the effect that we see much higher demand still in some of the essential
 good segments, especially pharma, healthcare, and e-commerce. And this is from our point of view,
 with a sustainable volume.
 this would stay.
 So in different words, Daniel, I would say,
 we made a organic growth experience
 compressed in five months maybe or four months
 that we usually would have gone through
 in our customers in the period of 18 months.
 And I would say that is, to a large extent,
 sticky and stays and will not be reversed.
 Thanks.
 The next question comes from Saab Tish Siva Kumar from Citigroup.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Thank you. Good afternoon, Dr. Levin Marcus. Thanks for taking my questions.
 I have three questions.
 Firstly, could you please elaborate on volume trends through the quarter from SMEs, which
 markets are actually seeing weakness versus the relative strength.
 And secondly, in 2019, your STNA expense was around 445 million francs.
 So could you please update on the current run rate on SDNM?
 Finally, what has been your workforce return rate from remote working across the market?
 Can you repeat the last question, please?
 I didn't get it.
 In turn.
 the work was written back to office, what has been written rate so far across key markets.
 Okay. So, volume trends, which market, so as you know, the whole pandemic started mid
 of January already in Asia and usually this is not an SME market or we are we have a much
 the entire portion of blue chip customers there.
 But in Europe, it's mainly the SME customers
 that dropped out of business.
 very fast. And the recovery is starting. I started now in
 in June, I would say, so the first sign of a recovery of SME customers has been seen
 in June, in Europe, and partly in other markets, but mainly in Europe. And this will take time.
 it will not come overnight. At the moment the pandemic is hitting the Americas and we see that
 that we have still volumes that are down and not recovering,
 But here, I would say it has bottomed out.
 So we are more positive today than we were three months ago when we discussed the court
 one results. I would say despite regional and local setbacks, despite regional and local setbacks,
 The pandemic is not over, but we have all managed and understood how to handle it.
 And governments have initiated enough protective health measures in order to secure the people and make them continue consuming.
 The SGE run rate has a lot of components and it starts with travel, for example.
 I do not expect travel to come back this year, to say this clearly. Intercontinental travel,
 I would not expect to see any of the flights intercontinental with Grüne and Nagelstaff on it
 before September, if at all, and then we have made such a positive experience on winning
 new customers and such a positive experience with winning customers and so on online and
 virtual only that you could say every second trip can be spared in general moving forward.
 And then we have a currency effect here as well.
 There is a currency effect in SGE
 because we translate everything into hard currency
 Swiss rank.
 and that has an effect in itself as well.
 I hope that answers your questions.
 The next question comes from David Kersen from Jeffries. Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Three questions, please, from my side. First, on
 on sea logistics. It turns out that the volume development is better than expected as the
 quarter progressed.
 And I was wondering, did you see a noticeable impact from a shift from air to sea freight
 due to the lack of capacity in air freight.
 Then secondly, in air logistics, you benefited from, I think,
 in constant currency, 34% higher yield.
 And now with the F-rate market starting to normalize again,
 Would you expect that that air freight yield also normalizes back to the range that you
 indicated in your presentation of 70 to 85 Swiss francs per 100 kilogram, or do you expect
 to be able to continue to do better than that range.
 And then finally on road road districts, I think the organic revenue was down 20% in
 the second quarter, but that's a mix of Europe and North America.
 Can you provide some color on how weak North America really was?
 And with a decrease of 20%, does that still imply that you gained market share in the
 second quarter, because I think some of your peers refer to the market down only 15 percent
 in the second quarter.
 Thanks very much.
 Sure.
 So, let me answer your questions.
 logistics. Yes, we had a better volume development than expected, but any shift from air to sea is
 insignificant for C sorry for saying so yeah one freighter has a 100 has 100 kilos and 100 tons and
 we are talking about, I don't know, six, eight containers. It's a different business model.
 you can't compare it. But what we saw is, and that is a good combination, I mentioned that,
 is the ARC combination. So yeah, you go into Dubai via C and then you go into final distribution
 even to South America via air. And this combination, this solution is in light of the lacking supply
 side of radar capacity, especially in China, got a lot of tailwind. And I mentioned that our volumes here
 spiked more than three times the normal volume that we see.
 So this combination showed a certain progress.
 air logistics, I think I mentioned that during the presentation.
 we expect, especially in the second semester,
 that the higher yield was a very special,
 or what was the result of a very special supply
 and demand situation in court to do.
 and that the normalized years of 70 to 85 Swiss francs per 100
 kilo will come in or will kick in again gradually, not overnight and not on a
 finger tip but gradually. Road logistics, I think our comms are, we have so many different figures
 in the market and not being able to predict even what has happened or describe really what has
 happen is I think what we have to all of us have to be very careful with. Let me describe
 a situation that we experience in Europe.
 And then I come to the US.
 Europe, we have volume reductions of 50, 60% within weeks.
 This happened in the first one, two, three weeks in April.
 But then this bottom out and the recovery
 gradually started already as of May.
 So the figure you see is a never as of May.
 So the figure you see is an average figure of a volume development that had a lot of slumps
 and spikes and a lot of ships over the last week. At the moment, we all believe that the volumes
 are gradually coming back and they stay it's not a one-time shot and in the US I think we are still
 on a very low level, but as I mentioned, it has gotten out. So long story short,
 but it was a disaster and it's recovering.
 Okay, great.
 Thank you very much.
 You're welcome.
 The next question comes from Sam Bland from JT Morgan, please go ahead.
 afternoon. Could I ask, I think, three questions, please? The first one is on the
 sea freight conversion rate. That's held up pretty well, but I guess there wasn't very much,
 You know, there wasn't any benefit from e-touch in that segment.
 So just be interested in, did you do any cost-saving programs
 and see if right or what helped the conversion rate
 the quarter. Second question is on, I think there was 57 million of employee government
 support in the quarter.
 Could you just talk about roughly which divisions I came in?
 was it mostly in contract logistics?
 And could you see that support be withdrawn before the market recovered back up to normal
 rates. So there's basically a lag and your profitability is impacted by that. And the
 The last question would just be an update on M&A funds.
 You pay the dividends, you'll be reading to that that any M&A ambitions are a bit less
 in the short run or you still got plenty of $5,000 to look at that. Thank you.
 Okay, by the way guys, you can also ask less than three questions.
 It's not a standard routine that you have to ask three questions, only as a short hint
 to you.
 So, see, we have cost savings in place, and there's no e touch yet, because as mentioned
 many times, the prerequisite is the fully deployed new transport
 management system called C-LOC as a basis for running E-Touch activities in C-Logistics.
 The government programs that you allude to, 80, 85 percent is related to contract logistics,
 people were out of work. So as volumes are coming back, also in the normal operation,
 people are in employment and we pay them. So that's not the point. We avoided to lay off people
 which is beneficial for our staff and also for the government related to this. So, the business,
 the operational run rate of contract logistics has been extremely strong or the restructuring measures
 short the desired effects and we will see in the second semester when things are cleaning
 up more and more, especially in the quarter four figures, how strong contract logistics
 will Phoenix like come back out of all the restructuring activities? And your question
 related to M&A ambition. I'm a bit surprised because our
 um, proposal, dividend proposal has not changed to the one that we made prior to COVID-19.
 So when we posted our annual results 2019, there was a dividend proposal of forced risk
 thanks for sharing and cautious as we are we postponed a decision on this and did not decide
 on a dividend given the unsecurity and predictability of the pandemic. And now as we see that cashflow is
 strong and we weather the situation strongly. We are in a situation that the board of directors
 decided to propose for the general to propose the same dividend again for the general assembly.
 our MNA ambition, our MNA strategy has not changed at all. But physical beatings in Asia
 are restricted at the moment.
 So whatever we do is based on video calls.
 Okay, Mr. Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 The next question is from Mark McBarrick from Barclays, please go ahead.
 Hello, Mark.
 Mark, hello.
 Thank you.
 Hello?
 You were shocked why I said less than three questions Mark. Yeah, no
 I'm only going to ask two questions, you'll be pleased to hear.
 Okay, very good.
 Just for variety, really.
 really.
 So, just, just...
 back on on the air freight and capacity question could you give us a sense for how much of
 your air freight in Q2 went in freighters rather than belly hold and do you see that
 changing significantly in, certainly in Q3 and maybe even into Q4, because my
 My sense is that the airlines are bringing back into Q4 because my sense is that the
 The airlines are bringing back capacity, but much more of it is short and medium-haul rather
 and the long haul stuff, which is typically what you use.
 Exactly. So, whatever.
 Belly comes back at the moment, it's short and medium hall and that doesn't help us.
 I mean, usually that is not where we,
 where we transact the majority of our business, yeah?
 So I would expect in the second semester,
 60 to 70% of our volume to be transported with freighters main deck capacity.
 and Belly will not recover too soon.
 I would say it would take maybe two years
 that we see a significant network activity,
 which allows for belly, using belly capacity again.
 Yeah.
 And that is all.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, go ahead.
 The 60 to 70 percent that you think is going to go in phrases in the second half would
 compared to what 90, 95% in Q2 because there was so little belly capacity around.
 Yeah, I'm not sure so this this is
 No, no, Mark, I'm not sure. End of this year, we will have 60 to 70 percent of the belly
 capacity that should be back, but we will still rely, we will still rely on freighter
 capacity to a major, major extent.
 And that was
 gradually transform or change throughout quarter three and quarter four. So we are talking end of
 of the year where that's at the moment, at the moment,
 I think it's 90%, if I'm not mistaken, or early quarter
 two, middle of quarter two, the majority, almost all, is greater capacity. So we have a lot of
 of belly still in North America or the Americas,
 which can be used and we use partially better capacity
 for perishables out of African countries.
 So, when you talk about the GP normalizing or coming back towards the longer term range,
 That's much more the mix because I guess the like-for-like
 like GPD from using a freighter isn't going to be different in August than it was in April
 particularly.
 Absolutely. Yeah, it's the mix.
 Keep it.
 Yeah. Okay. And the second question is a straightforward one. Could you just remind us
 where you stand on credit insurance, on debtors, how much you use it.
 Thanks, Mark, that I also get a question once, so, uh...
 Hey.
 Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
 Thank you, Matt.
 Sir, it's a very interesting copying right now and without disclosing too much details.
 You know, did we work with that?
 the two main credit insurers on a global basis.
 a lot of conversations going on right now.
 And I don't want to say that insurers have all the similar patterns,
 Obviously, when the business goes well, there's a lot of insurance coverage available when
 business goes not so well, it goes down very quickly, but we are we are having a good partnership
 with them and and we try to manage as much coverage as possible as I said in my presentation
 until now no significant defaults or fallouts or bankruptcies or anything like that.
 however there is you know the horizon is a bit darker than what it usually looks
 like, so there's a lot of caution is going forward. And how much we pay, you can see that of the
 annual report we pay every year around 3.5 to 4 million on insurance premium. I think
 that is given our sales ledger of more than 3 billion
 reasonable number. When you assume that around 70 per cent of that is being covered.
 Yeah, and but but broadly as you're going to the second half your level of cover is unchanged. Yeah
 Yeah.
 Our level of cover is on a total number,
 probably unchanged. When you look into some of the industries, it may vary like aerospace
 industry might actually be reduced a little bit, some industries will be increased. But overall,
 all the risk profile is shifting within the industries,
 but overall remains very stable.
 Okay, lovely. Thank you both very much. You're welcome
 The next question comes from Glyn Neal from Criticist.
 Go ahead.
 Hello.
 Hello, Neil from Credit Suisse.
 If I can ask, firstly, another question of Marcus, if that works, to give you another opportunity.
 Marcus, if I've worked to give you another opportunity.
 Thank you, much appreciated.
 my pleasure and then I'll have one for debt left too if I may keep it to two so
 So the first one Marcus, you obviously spent some time talking about working capital and increasing
 risk to some of your FME customers. Just wondering, as it pertains to CFRATE and the negative
 NICS effect on GP Pertoy. As you plan beyond 2020, do you plan for a smaller proportion
 of SMEs relative to normal, or how do you think about that as it relates to GP per
 deploy over the medium term.
 and then the second question and I guess it could be for either of you
 Just following on from the air log comments on how it's evolving and obviously sea log
 is to come. How relevant is this to your M&A ambitions that you obviously outlined to
 to an extent of the full year.
 I guess, on one hand, optimization of those two TMS.
 might be ideal before any major transaction,
 but is that the way you think about it
 or is that something that will ultimately take care of itself if you find the right deal in advance?
 Okay, maybe Neil I take the letter question if you if you don't mind.
 First of all, we concentrate on our own business and optimizing our own business based on
 an airlock and followed by a sea lock,
 and the e-touchability of that business,
 make e-touch happen.
 And we make progress here.
 we are in air logistic as we have pronounced.
 M and A is independent of this.
 This needs to be...
 We are looking for access to certain Asian customers, a solution that is not yet part
 of our own solution maybe so there are a lot of other criteria and yes it would be much easier to
 transfer a acquisition directly on C-LOC to name this, then on our current legacy system,
 But if that would be needed, we can do so as well.
 I mean, we have proven that this is not a big exercise for us.
 So that is not a criteria
 that would influence our M&A approach.
 or delay any MNA.
 It's more getting acquainted to those targets
 and also building up a basis of trust.
 and that needs physical, personal meetings
 and you can't do this wire.
 via video calls.
 We also, we always said when we announced this,
 because there were rumors in the market.
 We always said, it's a two years exile.
 It doesn't happen overnight, but we make progress.
 We never stopped.
 It didn't change approach.
 So from that point of view, I'm quite confident
 that eventually we will be able to announce
 the right or the right acquisitions.
 So, Neil, then on the first question, I think it's interesting angle that you come from when the working capital and the risk profile to the SMA.
 I think we see now the SMEs volumes coming down in the second quarter just for a simple
 because most of the businesses have been, due to the curfews, have been just shut. That doesn't
 does mainly reopen again.
 So I think what we are looking at in CFRED
 is that temporarily there is going to be a shift in mix away
 from the SMA, but I think ultimately
 is even going to be a bigger portion, you know?
 We have an extremely, when you look at the market share,
 It's a very small market share we cover right now.
 So it's an absolute attractive
 we're totally committed, as you know, in our customer base to the SME customer. This is our
 back bone of our operation, right? There is still a massive potential to grow in a very
 profitable market in the SMA. So how the margin is going to look like I think also here there is a
 time that we need to look at for the normalization, but there there is no systemic structural reason
 why the margin for SME should be lower than it has been in the past. So I think, rightfully so,
 our our backbone SME customer base we will even get a bigger portion of that
 and the profitability is going to be run exactly if not the both the level that we had until now.
 Understood. Many thanks both of you.
 The next question comes from Frant Heuer from Handelsbanken.
 Let's go ahead.
 Thank you very much.
 Good afternoon.
 I'm also a question regarding the mix shift in C towards SME.
 Could you try and describe how much of a shift in the mix you saw and what was the effect
 on the yield that you saw in the C-Business?
 I think those details we will notice close, but the majority of the SMB, SME business
 has not been, the majority of the SMB, SME business has not been able to sustain their
 operations.
 their business models throughout the pandemic, at least for four or six weeks.
 And that has caused the reduction.
 So, but we see them gradually coming back.
 But as Marcus said before, some of them do not come back at all because their basis,
 their financial seven is not given and SME is everything.
 SME is everything, the Air Folder. It's also very niche products that has not seen an increase
 in demand at the moment, whether you have hand-painted tiles that are produced in Northern
 Italy and the demand is coming back now in Denmark, for example, is a rather questionable
 fronts. And that is maybe how you should think about it. But eventually that will come back. And
 our business is, and we are strong in SME business, our business is stood towards SME. So that gives
 gives you a bit of a flavor. It's a result of the pandemic and not of a conscious mixed
 decision.
 No, I understand. Okay, and the second question, final question is around the M&A market and whether
 I mean, you mentioned that you're winning markets, gaining market shares, and those
 that are losing it are typically the smaller mid-sized competitors that are having difficulties
 on the technology front, connectivity and so on.
 You also talk about credit risks escalating.
 So there might be an uptick in the M&A opportunities
 that you see, maybe you can talk about that.
 We monitor the market for many years, and we are active in the market, as you know,
 but not everything that looks shiny is of interest for us and that maybe we to fulfill our strategic
 targets and to continue our growth path that we have embarked on many years ago. We don't need
 MNA. What we we have defined targets what we want to achieve with an MNA approach and if we find
 targets that are fulfilling those requirements, we will become active, and if not, we don't.
 So, and for us, the market has not significantly changed at the moment and we never looked at,
 we always looked at targets also in the past that were successful in there with their business model
 in their geography or in their solutioning. We are not looking for a restructuring case.
 That's not our business.
 Okay.
 Understood.
 I'll just do it.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 The next question comes from Christian Obst from Baader Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, hello.
 Hello, I have some more technical questions, the one is concerning the decision concerning
 capex or long-term leases. So we have seen an increase in depreciation of right of depreciation
 of right-of-use assets from 237 to 254 million in a second quarter this year.
 And so what is the trigger for a decision going for CARPEX or for long-term leases and how
 How is the current market for long-term leases developing, also what is the main trigger
 for any decision in either way.
 Second one is, you are talking and of course there is DSO pressure, are you currently supporting
 some of your customers so for longer payment terms or something like that to keep them
 into your network. And the last one is getting you to give us a guidance for any kind of
 income from this positive and second half.
 Thank you.
 So, Christian.
 Roger, if you ask it, I think your question has two answers.
 the first one is what is the decision-making reasons to it and the second one is what is
 the increase in the second quarter. There are two different reasons for that.
 The, maybe the more technical first, you know, that we have the asset help for sale related
 to the disposal of the business in the UK,
 which also includes right-of-views assets
 and as per the IFRS standards,
 you have to stop depreciations at the point of signing.
 and then keep that frozen, if you like, until the point of closing. That is the
 that is the simple reason why you have the variances in the second quarter and continue
 to have until closing has been executed.
 So that is the technical part.
 then the question around what makes us deciding
 into one or the other parent,
 what makes us deciding into one or the other pace.
 main
 main and most important piece to it is is that because we talk most of it of locations right of
 of country logistics facilities, right?
 So what is the, what is the perspective of that country logistic facility?
 is that a facility that is an operational optimal position,
 then obviously we want to keep our flexibility most of the time back to back with customers
 where we say we have a five or I don't know, 10 years customer contract, you know, I'm just making
 in an example, and we match that with our least commitments.
 is flexibility that is driving our asset-like business model, all right?
 So if you ask us, then each answer is going to be the more
 flexible, the better.
 We only make investment decisions where locations do not provide the required quality of facility.
 I'll give you one example. A few years back, we were investing into a pharma hub in Singapore
 because there was no such pharma space available, right?
 So, with a couple of ups and downs, you know, right now,
 it became a very good decision in the current circumstances
 to have that space available.
 So, but this is really the exception
 where there is a good reason why to invest our own money
 in all the other cases, at least agreement back to back
 back with the customer will be preferable. DSO, second question, DSO, we never sell on payment
 in terms, we don't.
 This is irrespectively of any pressure,
 amount or anything like that we sell because we have a very good service we
 You're fully operational.
 We are competitive in the market.
 we are not, we are not selling on terms.
 OK, that's clear.
 And the last one.
 I didn't write down the last one.
 Perfect.
 and income from disposal.
 Oh income from disposal in the first half
 No, in the second half.
 In the second half, I will be, we have a second,
 and we have a second real estate portfolio is out for sale.
 I do not expect material impact on the PNL out of that.
 So it's gonna be less than 10 millions.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Maneba Kayani from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
 to be thinking about it in 3Q and the second half of the year.
 And then second, what have you seen from the digital forwarders
 during the COVID crisis.
 and have you seen a higher or more presence from them during the crisis?
 Okay, let me answer your question.
 Okay.
 the letter question, I don't know what digital forewaters are, but I would believe our digital
 solutions got a lot of pick up during the crisis. We have not seen many of our competitors
 in general, being active or aggressive in the market.
 I would say a handful have been, the rest somehow disappeared and I'm not exaggerating.
 So I will not name any and I will not give any comments on single forewaters.
 The quantification of the benefits from perishables, first of all perishable is a low margin business
 and we had less perishables, one third less approximately volume, one third less perishables
 in the first semester.
 that led to the cargo mix to a higher yield independent
 on whether charter was available or required
 or the rate spiked or not.
 we believe that this perishable volume
 comes back gradually in the second semester.
 And that's the mix, what reinstated with a lower yield.
 lower yield. So the 70 to 85 Swiss francs per 100 kilo will become reality also all because of the
 the cargo mix with one third of our total volume being a perishable.
 I hope that helps.
 Thank you, you're welcome
 Welcome.
 Last question comes from Sebastian Vogel from UBS.
 Please, go ahead.
 Hello, I got two questions.
 The first one will be on contract logistics.
 you mentioned there your cost or your expenses came down quite a fair bit
 I was wondering if you can add more granularity, how the different cost items,
 IU Personal Cost and the other one, SGNA have contributed to this development in the second
 quarter and the other question I have, if I calculate it correctly, your conversion
 ratio in particular in Asia was quite high in the second quarter. Is that mainly a function
 of the transport mode exposure of that region.
 So, first of all, we don't look at conversion rates per region because it depends on the
 terms our customers apply on where to, you know, invoice and pay transport bills. So it's cute.
 be careful we have a we have a profit sharing model so that is within or
 or internally between regions.
 So that will not really help.
 Conversion rate for sure is influenced by the performance of the different business
 units, and yes, in quarter two, air freight or air logistics has been extremely successful.
 The question on contract logistics and cost development, the majority of the cost is people,
 colleagues and the second cost factor is lease I gave an answer on the lease
 already because 50% or a bit more of our contracts are all back-to-back dedicated
 with single customers. So the fixed cost coverage is usually part of our contracts.
 So, that is not an exposure.
 And the rest is capacity, and we breezed with the volume very well.
 Yes, we did not have a mass layoff and we stated so many times it's not necessary because
 from the beginning of the pandemic, we said this would be in a situation that is limited by time.
 It would not end up in a permanent situation.
 And that is exactly what we see. Many of the operations are back. I mentioned that only 12
 operations out of more than 600 contract logistic sites are still locked down and elated when
 out of them are in one country because some infrastructures have not opened yet. And the
 the rest is fully operational or has started to become operational again, maybe not a three
 shift operational weekend shift. But if you look into China and China is maybe a we can
 learn from China or Asia because they went through this pandemic very early and and gradually we
 We have full employment in our operations in China.
 We have additional shifts introduced in our line feeding,
 automotive production line services, spare part services,
 And we see an increasing and strong demand
 for a lot of goods out of China.
 And therefore, we see that a lot of our customers
 start picking up in volume again.
 is this VTWO or whatever, let's forget it.
 it, but it's not as fast as we thought, but the slump was not as severe as we anticipated
 before us, but so I hope that helps to answer your question. It's personal cost is the
 main factor, and we are almost in full employment again in contract logistics, that means we
 we have a gross profit related to that activity.
 And the rest is lease cost.
 and our idle capacity has not changed significantly.
 We are below 3% in idle capacity.
 That's a leading indicator in our industry.
 Thank you, Sebastian.
 Gentlemen, that was the last question.
 Thank you Sandra ladies and gentlemen logistics is people business and we are proud of our people. They have managed this crisis extremely well
 And we are honored by our customers, their loyalty and their business that they awarded to us during the last, especially last quarter.
 We will see how we progress over the next quarter, quarter three and we are looking forward to talking to you again middle of October.
 And in the meantime, stay healthy. Don't travel too much. Don't forget to use masks because we need you as end consumers like millions and trillions of others because end consumers drive our business model and we want to see a strong quarter three when we talk next.
 Thank you very much and talk to you again soon.
 Have a nice summer.
 All right, and talk to you again soon.
 Have a nice summer.
 Bye bye.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the conference is now over.
 Thank you for choosing CORE School, and thank you for participating in the conference.
 you may not disconnect your lines.