 Good day and welcome to the new residential fourth quarter in full year of 2021 earnings call.
 Our persistence will be in listen only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal constant specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero.
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Please note this event is being recorded.
 I'd now like to turn the conference over to Bohi Yu.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone.
 I would like to thank you for joining us today for New Residential Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings
 call. Joining me today are Michael Marenberg,
 Chairman, CEO, and President of New Residential, and Nick Santoro, Chief Financial Officer
 of view residential. Also with us today are Barron Silverstein, President, and Jordan
 Chief Operating Officer of New Res v. Chalibur.
 Throughout the call. We are going to reference the earning supplement that was posted to the new residential website this morning
 If you have not already done so, I'd encourage you to download the presentation now.
 I would like to point out that certain statements today will be forwarded with new statements.
 statements by their nature are uncertain and may differ materially from actual results.
 I encourage you to review the disclaimers in our press release and earning supplements
 regarding forward-looking statements and review the risk factor contained in our annual
 quarterly reports, thousands of U.S. U.S. U.C.
 In addition, we will be discussing the non-gap financial measures during today's call.
 Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GATT measures can be found in our earning supplement.
 And with that, I will turn the call over to Michael.
 Thanks, Chloe. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for dialing in.
 2021 was a very good year for our shareholders and our company as we continued our strategy
 a building and acquiring world-class operating companies with the ability to manufacture assets
 for our own balance sheet as well as an investment portfolio that's very hard to replicate.
 The positioning of our company today, as well as the investment experience of our team, should
 enable us to drive strongly in terms of shareholders as we go forward.
 With interest rates rising, our MSR portfolios will see much slower amortization, keeping
 our customers through our retention efforts, she'd drive book value higher and off that
 any decrease in origination earnings.
 We have one of the largest MSR portfolios today, and MSRs do rise in value as interest rates
 increase. Today, only 16 percent of our borrowers have the incentive to refinance as compared
 to 2020 when that number was a little bit south of 50%
 and in the upper 40s.
 To put this into context, the Tenure Treasury, which has risen approximately 45 basis points
 to your end, coupled with rising mortgage rates, helps increase our book value where
 we stand today to between $11.75 and $12 per share.
 Our mortgage company new rents at a very good year,
 and the addition of caliber which closed in August
 created one of the best non-bank mortgage companies anywhere.
 Our goal is to be the best.
 not the biggest.
 We will continue to focus on efforts, working with our government partners, on affordable
 housing initiatives, as well as taking care of our 3.2 million customers, offering better
 solutions for a home ownership.
 The past few years in the mortgage origination business have been very good.
 They will not
 .
 be repeated.
 seeing until markings will come under pressure as rates rise.
 Many customers who wanted to refinance have done so in lower-rate environments.
 As it relates to our origination business, we have many origination channels and different
 levers we can pull, which will enable us to adapt quickly to whatever the gain on sale
 of climate looks like.
 A great example of this is our growth in the non-QM channel.
 year-over-year production numbers are up over 100% and in the fourth quarter
 re-originated 700 million.
 We expect that number to be something close to $1 billion in the first quarter of 2022.
 As you think about markets here and doing it on sale,
 We will not get into a price war with anyone.
 We are not about market share.
 We will put
 focus on areas where we can make money, improve our retention rates on our existing portfolios.
 I would also like to acknowledge the strong retail purchase franchise we have as a result
 of the C-
 caliber acquisition.
 go forward, the purchase market will be a much larger percentage of the origination
 market and we are well positioned for what's going to come ahead.
 the integration of the two organizations.
 Enjoy them, we'll speak to this shortly.
 has been coming along extremely well.
 Our new hire of Nino King as Chief Digital Officer, coupled with our existing leadership
 team will help us continue down the path of providing our customers with a great digital
 experience.
 We are starting to see the synergies as a result of the combination of the two companies with significant expenses.
 Again, Jordan will speak to that shortly.
 In the fourth quarter,
 close on the acquisition of Genesis Capital. We're very excited to work with Robert
 of Wozman and his team to help grow that business.
 Just refresh your memory as a fix-and-flip lender.
 When we acquired the company, we acquired 1.4 billion
 of approximately 8% coupon short duration assets
 for our balance sheet.
 On the investment portfolio side,
 will stay the course.
 focus on MSRs, call rates, growing rates of our business, and looking at other asset
 classes in the financial services space as higher yields in the bond market coupled with
 additional volatility should create better investment opportunities for us.
 I'll now refer to the supplement which has been posted online.
 I'm going to begin on page three.
 This is the new Residential Corporate Overview, just rolling back in time since inception
 We've paid $3.9 billion in dividends.
 A book equity is $6.6 billion in net equity.
 Market cap roughly five billion dollars.
 You have a balance sheet of approximately $40 billion in assets
 We're the largest non-bank owner of emitors.
 top five non-bank mortgage originator and servicer.
 And then if you think about our business,
 over the past few years, we've acquired a number of what I would call
 complementary businesses to the mortgage space that includes title, appraisal,
 field services, and other businesses which help drive our earning tire.
 Page 4 of financial highlights for the fourth quarter.
 Gap net income $160 million or 33 cents per diluted share
 Here.
 Corrins.
 .
 $91.9 million, $0.40 per day with a share.
 Comments stock dividend 25 cents or 9.3% dividend yield.
 Potential liquidity at the end of the year was $1.4 billion.
 today since in about 1.3 just to give you a placeholder book value 1144 at the end of
 December that was up from 1135. I quoted in my opening remarks remarks for failure
 approximately $1,175 to $12.
 And then again in the fourth quarter, we close.
 the acquisition of Genesis Capital.
 Two thousand twenty one highlights.
 The acquisition of Calibur was a game changer for a mortgage business.
 quite that deal closed in August of 2021. I pointed out Genesis during the year we did go a little under
 of $4 billion in securitizations, showholder returns 17%
 full year according to $1.48.
 Did a little bit around the capital formation side
 with a common stock offering, as well as a preferred stock offering, and then on a mortgage
 company when you think about the origination and servicing business, we originated $170
 billion dollars in loans, and we have a servicing portfolio between NRC and the mortgage company
 of $630 billion, which includes loan service both at our own mortgage company, as well
 Mr. Cooper, Loan Care, and Auckland.
 State's sixth, our strategic evolution.
 This company was formed in 2013 to really be an MSR asset owner.
 We got good read status.
 the first one to make that happen with the IRS.
 Over time, we grew.
 We grew into, what I would say, from a small asset manager's focus on MSRs and advances
 to where we are today, which is a great investment portfolio
 with really good complementary operating companies to really
 proud of the growth and where we sit today.
 8-7 business highlights, again, $630 billion MSR portfolio, as I pointed out earlier, MSRs
 go up in value as interest rates rise.
 with a 194 10-year note this morning
 195 tenure note this morning, we should see further gains in market value in our MSR portfolio.
 Divide in 25 cents, close the acquisition agendas, and other things to point out, 99% of our
 portfolio away from the agency business is non-daily more to market cash and liquidity
 $1.3 billion today or $1.4 billion at the end of the year in our call rate business
 remains strong.
 Just have a quick look at the left side of the page.
 This really just talks about our business.
 We have a mortgage company that we originate in the service.
 We have Genesis Capital, which is a large provider of loans to the real estate industry
 around both building and stays in flip landing.
 or MSR portfolio, non-agency loans and securities,
 Today, our non-agency security portfolio is virtually zero
 other than risk retention.
 And then we have a bunch of low-investor relates
 or origination activities.
 Market conditions today, our belief is that the Fed is going to go somewhere between five
 and seven times in 2022.
 We expect the tenure note to continue to rise as the easing of financial conditions goes
 in the buying of mortgages and treasuries.
 On the origination front, I can't be more clear.
 I don't care if we originate one loan or if we originate a hundred loans.
 Our goal is to service our customers, make money, and if origination volumes go down,
 which we expect them to do, and then we'll talk to that in a minute.
 So be it.
 our MSR portfolio more than offset any decrease in earnings we're going to see in the origination business.
 as we look at the non-agency part of our business.
 In the origination side, I've mentioned non-QM, 0 to 700 year-over-year in the fourth quarter.
 This quarter, we expect to do a billion and we're growing our prime general origination
 as well.
 And the bar
 It remains healthy when you look at it coming from C-terans.
 On the opposite side, this is the way that we think we can originate, you know,
 different pools of assets for our own balance sheet and for the marketplace.
 When you look at the agency origination market, it's roughly $2.5 trillion that we expect for
 The non-agency business, we expect a little, approximately $600 billion, and the business
 purpose lending business, we see a total address of a market of about $500 billion.
 Page 11 or playbook. MSRs, MSRs, MSRs has great rise.
 Operating Businesses, Genesis Capital,
 Gordy NASA Management, which is a property preservation business, we have our own title
 and insurance business, and we have an appraisal business.
 On the origination side, you read caliber.
 Again, very large mortgage company, focused on making money, not just creating size.
 Genesis Capital and then we speak to our ability to adapt to different interest rate environments
 as well as heat-untailed environments
 So the growth in non-QM, Jumbo Prime, investor loans,
 and business purpose will be a priority this year.
 They're also, when you look again,
 on cell margins, those four areas have significant gain
 on film margins net net at the end of the day and as we look into 22 I've been
 pretty vocal about getting into the commercial space. We will do that at some point in 22
 and hopefully that's sooner rather than later.
 I'm not going to be the dead voice here.
 Just a couple things to point out.
 I'm not going to beat a dead horse here. Just a couple things to point out.
 Sixteen percent of our portfolios is in the money to refinance as compared to 29 at the end of Q3
 and then down from a little under 50% in 2020.
 MSR speeds. We expect MSR speeds and amortization to truly slow down.
 We're starting to see that now.
 I think speeds that came out a couple of days ago were much slower than street expectations
 We expect that to continue as we go through the course of the year.
 Keep in mind January, February, and looking back to December,
 typically slower month than the mortgage origination,
 but we expect that to pick up as we go forward.
 At age 15, just have a look at the right side of the graph.
 We're actually looking at the middle part of the page.
 the change in tenure treasury rate,
 what that means to overall amortization
 as we see it in our portfolios,
 what we think it's going to do to the origination P&L, and just take the middle part of the
 on the left side of the page.
 up a hundred basis points we expect airmanization to slow down by approximately a hundred seventy-five
 million dollars an origination PTI to go down by 125 net net net gain of 50
 million dollars. If you look at the right side of the page, what does that mean for
 shareholder to an increase in 11 cents in annual coronings.
 The other thing to point out on this page,
 if you look at our emissor multiples,
 At the end of 1231, the 3.9, as we go forward in race increase,
 This is what's going to drive our book value higher.
 Up a hundred, we expect multiple to go to four, four.
 1.50, 4.5, and potentially even higher than that.
 Call rights, I've been talking about this for years, our portfolios remain whatever
 As the homeowner cleans up and delinquency trends continue to go lower and advanced balances
 come down, we will continue with our fall-right strategy of calling more and more loans.
 single family rental strategy at the end of the year.
 We had approximately 2700 homes.
 We did our first securitization in this quarter.
 total equity in the business just to give you expenses a little over a hundred million
 dollars and we will and expect to continue to grow that business.
 We are going to be prudent about it.
 We will announce a small acquisition of some homes
 we acquire it from Zillow over the course of the next 30 days or so.
 probably won't announce it publicly, but it's just to let you know it's roughly 300 homes.
 So that business will continue to grow,
 and we're gonna be smart about it
 we think home prices or I personally think home prices could come off a little bit here
 from the growth that we've seen.
 On the loan side, if you look at page 18,
 performing and non-performing loans.
 Right now, our portfolio at the end of Q4 was 1.2 billion.
 on the energy side was $500 million and non-QM was $300 million.
 and all this stuff will either be re-delivered in the case of EVOs into the genie main market
 in the case of our loan business either securitization or outright sales on that.
 On the servicer advanced side balances remain low.
 We have a turn of excess capacity, as I pointed out earlier,
 of homeowners in great shape.
 And then when you look at our interest rates,
 on our financing, so we're going to extend it, though,
 at the lows or across the capital is very, very low there.
 Now I'll turn it over to Barron, who will take you through the mortgage company and
 that the major will take you through the next section.
 Thank you, Michael. This is Gordy. As Michael mentioned, the integration of New Red and
 Halibur as well underway as we continue to combine our origination platform technology
 and service and leadership.
 If you look through the fourth quarter, we've realized approximately 90 million of our target
 synergies as a result of actions taken in 2021.
 These synergies include personnel reductions, reduced cost of farm, and vendor consolidation,
 as well as increased efficiency due to alignments in best practices.
 We've then achieved an additional 45 to 60 million of synergies in 2022 as we complete
 platform consolidation, removal of duplicate technology systems, and finalization of our
 service and strategy.
 completed our full year 2022 target run rates energy is expected to be between 175 to 200 million.
 As Michael mentioned, there's other aesthetic news.
 We hired a new chief digital officer and she will help us drive digital innovation, user
 experience, our customer experience and increase engagement across our customer
 production and servicing channels. We've kicked off the year with both companies aligned with a
 a single vision of helping our customers and homeowners.
 and I'll turn it back.
 Make sure and good morning.
 to slide 21.
 The origination division ended the second quarter with 101 million of pre-tax income,
 Funded volume of $38.1 billion, which is in a decline of 43% and 14% respectively quarter over quarter.
 The biggest impact of PTI was the pressure on gain on sale margins, which had an 18 basis
 just point drop quarter over quarter.
 And as I look at each one of the businesses,
 for our direct-to-consumer business,
 margins increased approximately six basis points even with the reduction of
 the bulk of the product.
 And that's it.
 which was 17% reduction over those two quarters.
 We've also seen a 14 percent pick up in lock volume in January and a flattening of margins
 when comparing December to January of 2022.
 For our retail and JV channels, our margins decreased approximately 23 basis points with
 the reduction in funded value volume of 14% quarter over quarter. While we expect further
 competitive pressure within our retail channels.
 Our platforms allow us to take advantage of the expected growth in the purchase market
 For our third party, Hostel and Correspondent Channels,
 margins decrease 17 basis points and 13 basis points respectively.
 The higher interest rate environment presents headwinds for our origination business,
 business or balanced business strategy provides us a competitive advantage over other monoline
 competitors.
 As Michael previously mentioned, we intend on managing our business to focus on profitability.
 take a disciplined approach to right sizing the cost basis.
 Our plans include concentrating on our higher margin channels,
 We tell and direct the consumer which was 42% of our funded volume in the fourth quarter.
 We're also looking to expand our partnership business through our joint venture platform.
 We're going to adjust our lower margin channels towards higher margin products, including
 non-agency and non-QM products.
 We're going to remain an opportunistic dynamic to our origination and acquisition.
 And on the expense side, our overall expenses decreased approximately 13% quarter over quarter,
 portion of which are synergies that Jordan talked about.
 but this also includes additional savings as we do,
 we reduce our origination capacity based upon the current market environment.
 Plan for the first quarter to stay focused on the efficient integration of both companies,
 re-adjusting origination volumes based upon profitability and being vigilant on reducing costs.
 Turning to slide 22.
 And we've said this for the past few quarters, but our expensive presence in our distributed
 retail and JD business.
 watch our direct-to-consumer channel
 that's coupled with 3.2 million home motors in our MSR portfolio allows us to take advantage
 grow markets here in the forecast and growth in Purchase Park in 2022. It's difficult to replicate
 these models and these models differentiate us from the competition. We've also fully rolled out our
 our smart series programs, which previously was referred to as non-QM, even though approximately
 50% of our portfolio has been to qualify self-employed consumers.
 Michael talked about this.
 we've seen our lock volume nearly triple quarter
 and in January alone, my column was 50% of everything we did in the fourth quarter.
 We continue to see growth in our smart series programs as approximately 75% of these purchases
 have been to purchase customers and to date only 10% of our sales force has
 participated so far.
 It is with our partnership with NRZ coupled with our ability to continue to roll out new
 products that will continue to drive growth in our origination business.
 And it's with these products can we further expand
 on our relationships, our existing relationships,
 and build new relationships through a retail, hostel,
 course plan program.
 Turning to slide 23, and Michael talked about the size of our NFC portfolio,
 portfolio, and I just want to talk about two different things here.
 The first is, given our focus on special servicing, we increased our sub-servicing
 portfolio by approximately 5% quarter over quarter.
 and our expectation is that we can capture
 additional share of the market dynamics change in 2022.
 The second point is we've announced a new head of servicing for both the caliber and
 you in the next video.
 that will allow us to finalize our servicing strategies and align on best practices.
 Promoting chain and run servicing will assure our core focus of helping homeowners stay in their home.
 third-party subservicing clients can continue to grow and build our servicing portfolio.
 On the last slide, slide 24 talking about recapture.
 On the top right, you'll see that our recapture performance remains strong, quarter over quarter.
 In the bottom two charts you see our recapture performance where we have previously originated
 loan and our ability to recapture the customer is much stronger, whether through purchase
 recapture or refinance recapture. So as we continue to mature our relationships with
 our homeowners will be able to take a higher share of opportunities whether offering additional
 products or services, including we capture in the future.
 Even in the higher interest rate market,
 customers the ability to purchase a new home, provide catch-out weeks and
 businesses, business purpose loan alternatives through Genesis, and other home equity solutions
 will provide for ongoing fuel in our direct-to-consumer channel.
 On that, Michael, back to you.
 Thanks, Baron. Thanks, Jordan.
 We'll wrap up our supplement and then we'll go to Q&A.
 I think page 25 just talks about our operating companies.
 I'm not going to read these off to you, but, you know, we are, we are a full scale, you
 you know, what I would say, financial services, company,
 when you look at the complimentary businesses
 that go along with our mortgage company, and then on page 26, it's really just like how
 how we think about ourselves.
 We think about ourselves first as an investment manager, and then two, when we look at our
 You know one is a very very strong balance sheet with with a lot of cash and liquidity to the MSR portfolio in this rate environment is
 Quite frankly, EGM, it was hard in 2020.
 We did a lot of origination, but it is truly a gem today, and we expect that to provide
 very good returns as we go forward.
 With that, I'm going to turn it back to the operator.
 We'll open it up for Q&A.
 We will now begin the question-and-answer session.
 If you have a question, you may press the star then 1 on your touch-tone phone.
 If you're using a speaker phone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 To withdraw your question, please press star and then two.
 At this time we'll pause my material to assemble our roster.
 My first question comes from those George from KBW.
 Please go ahead.
 Davos, good morning.
 Thank you, Mike.
 Good morning.
 Thank you.
 And again, on sale margins, you guys noted that in one queue, you've seen a flattening
 but you could see more pressure and retail going forward.
 Can you just give us some color on how much pressure you think you can see just how you
 think things will play out this year?
 Yeah, so both of us just, all I said is in one month,
 We saw a flattening in our direct-to-consumer channel
 You know, month over month, we certainly continue to see pressure, you know, across the board
 in the context of margins for each of our channels.
 you know, and that's due to over-capacity and, you know,
 less production in the marketplace.
 Michael's been very clear on his message, and we're pivoting our re-dination business
 to focus on core profitability, right?
 We continue to have attractive margins,
 I will tell you within our retail and our retail,
 and our direct-to-consumer channels.
 It's the third party channels from our perspective that continue to see what we look at as additional
 pressure in those, and we'll just continue to focus on our view on profitability and
 and then we'll be opportunistic about, you know,
 which assets that we're looking to basically participate
 in those channels to the extent that margins continue to
 compressed.
 And Buzz, you can say it further to that.
 You know, when I talk about origination, whether we do one loan or ten loans, you know, it's
 If you take a step back and you look at what our business is, I keep pointing out our $630 billion MSR portfolio.
 to Barron's point earlier, you know, the wholesale and correspondence side, you're going to see a lot more competition.
 You'll only see more competition because United Hosts
 and rocket are huge in those in wholesale.
 The one thing I would say is, if we can create MSR,
 even if we don't have a huge gain on sale.
 We will originate that loan.
 So if you like where evidence are multiples and values are, for example, in the genie space
 right now, you know, we like where multiples are.
 So, if we can originate, you know, 100 billion, quite frankly, in the Hostel and Correspondent
 channel, we may think about doing that, you can't, because the market share as a result
 of the overall production market is smaller, but that may lead us into a potential acquisition
 in a Virginia originator, for example.
 so we could focus on growing our genie presence.
 So, it's one of these things.
 the margins are in, because you're in the winter months. I mean, you're going to have
 of last month, last production.
 You're also seeing, you know, the highest level of tenure rate that we've seen since
 in December of 2019, to give you a sense.
 I think once the market suddenly come in the spring,
 We're going to have a good purchase market, a retail and DTC franchises will thrive and
 Our original business will be good.
 We just want to be prudent about how we think about making money and not just originating
 unless we really like to value the MSR.
 Okay, great. Thanks. That's very helpful. And then actually just one on the servicing, you know, consolidation of servicing on one platform.
 on platform, is that, you know, what's the timeline for that, and is that the plan still
 to move it on to Calibur's the MSP platform.
 Yeah, we continue to evaluate it both and we have not made a final decision as to where
 The change in the servicing leadership for us was the first step in the context of us
 evaluating, you know, which servicing platform we will end up operating on, and the other
 important fact for us is making sure that we're basically servicing the loans based on best
 practices to help our homeowners. That was the most, you know, really critical
 back for us and making sure that our leadership is aligned.
 Okay, great, thanks a lot.
 The next question comes from Kevin Barker from Piper Sandler.
 Please have it.
 Good morning.
 Thanks for the question.
 I just wanted to follow up.
 Hey, Michael.
 I just wanted to follow up on, and to comment around, on the tangible part of the tangible
 book at 1175 to 12, or was that book better?
 Um, that's what I was going to say.
 Okay, okay, and then does that include the dividend and could you outline
 what's driving that as far as quantifying how much was MSR markup and then how much
 that was all set by maybe portfolio marks or fair value marks.
 Sure Kevin. So the range of $11.75 to $12 does include an estimate for the dividend,
 We can get the same as prior quarter.
 And the pickup is primarily due to the increase in MSR marks.
 And it does follow the piece that we have in the deck that references the basis point change
 and the subsequent increase in fair value.
 So just care for the sensitivity that you're outlined.
 That's correct. It's in line with that sentence.
 And Kevin, for two of your questions,
 we as we think about other potential marks, we're fully hedged across our business, you
 And we've had this bias that I think I've alluded to this maybe forever, but the higher
 rates in the market and we're really starting to see that played out.
 the way we're positioned, whether being on loan portfolios, having hedges, or anything
 anything else you know I feel like we're extremely well protected and when you
 look at the increase in book value, I think that going forward, hopefully we see more
 to the sense that we remain in this rate environment towards higher rates.
 So if you're fully hedged, shouldn't the mark be, you know, minimal or just incremental relative to your total equity?
 or do you feel like you're still quite biased to higher rates,
 giving them the competition and the portfolio today.
 We are very biased to IRAs, and quite frankly, if the market is rallied significantly the other way,
 The origination business is, you know, you put the switch and you start doing a ton.
 So, as of now, we are extremely biased at our rates and it's our portfolios fully hedged
 across all of our investment portfolios
 so we feel like we can achieve.
 Thank you.
 Again, if you have a question, please press star, then one.
 The next question comes from Eric Hagen from VTIG.
 Please go ahead.
 Okay, thanks. Good morning.
 Good morning.
 Can you guys discuss how the capital allocation across the business might evolve with higher
 interest rates like you see yourself potentially reallocating from the production side to other
 the business as the region volume is closed and how the capital needs to support the MSR might evolve along with that.
 So, answer to your first question is, yes,
 There'll be less capital in the origination business unless, you know, listen, we're going
 strike for higher our release in our in our business overall so if that means
 He said, you know, to Barry's point,
 than all of our points.
 If wholesale is not going to produce anything on the agency side,
 But it's going to produce more on the non-QM and jumbo side.
 We're gonna put more capital in the wholesale side
 on those production channels.
 I think overall, you're likely to see more capital allocated.
 pointed out if we can finally, you know, we do believe there's going to be
 opportunities to acquire some origination or smaller originators as a result of the current
 So we have our eyes out at some good retail, you know,
 Genie producers, for example, to an end of if there's anything else you want to elaborate
 on that front, you know, so we think about the potential acquisition in the mortgage
 company around some...
 No, I think as you mentioned in this market environment, and we're seeing smaller players
 that are looking to kind of cash in or hang it out.
 It's getting on film margins and folks are holding on to their MSR, so they're only out
 either to sell themselves or sell the emissaries.
 And Eric, to your point, would we allocate more money to the MSR business?
 I guess it's absolutely yes.
 you'll likely see a shift from some capital out of the reservation business into the MSR business.
 And the other thing is, when we look at our origination business, we haven't spoken about
 this.
 you know, between hiring Nenu on the digital side,
 We just promoted Dean O'Lack on the technology side who's doing a great job for us to help
 drive down the cost of origination.
 coupled out with Bob Johnson, who's running our fulfillment and offside.
 you know as we bring down our cost of production and we need to do that
 It makes us more competitive as some of the more, what I would say, very competitive
 channels which may enable us to actually get a little more aggressive there.
 So, a lot of focus on bringing costs down, but a lot of focus on bringing costs down
 through the technology initiatives that we have
 and within the leadership.
 That's really helpful.
 I think you noted you expected Fed to go five to seven times this year.
 Any thoughts on how that could translate into spreads
 at the longer end of the yield curve.
 You know, we think that they are going to, you know, they'll whether they have reinvestment strategies or mortgages and strategies
 We had a good update call with one of our economic advisors yesterday, and we went through this.
 You know, the general feeling is that they think five, five great hives, not seven.
 And then the other, you know, the other thing that's out in the market is 50 basis points in March.
 They don't, and I don't think they go 50 basis points in March,
 because then at every meeting, folks are going to be like,
 whether they go in 25 or 50 and that could rock the markets.
 could be wrong, but it's my own personal view as well as our advisors.
 I do think rapes in the long end are going to go up, you know,
 you know, Charles Sorenki and my partners
 sitting next to me here.
 We were talking about 2018, where we're hedging out some of our business and we were paying
 on swabs at $3.27 on 10 to 810 for $195.
 You have inflation at the highest level as you've seen.
 the Fed is going to stop buying mortgages
 and reduce their balance sheet.
 So I think we should go up a fair amount in the long end.
 I really do.
 I think the market is underpricing where they're taking no
 it could actually go.
 It's still historically, think about it, 19510, you know.
 so historically very, very low.
 We do think you'll get your bare market rallies,
 but I do think race are historically low,
 particularly in the long run.
 Thanks, and then one more on the portfolio construction since the end of the year.
 Have you guys done anything with the agency MBS portfolio as a hedge for the MSR?
 And just where that fits there.
 Yeah.
 When on the agency on the start site on the, you know, when we acquired caliber,
 There was some hedge against the MSR there.
 We've taken that off.
 So they're, you know, at this point,
 there's no hedge against the MSR.
 Okay, okay. Thanks guys for sure
 The next question comes from Douglas Harder from Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks. Just hoping to clarify the comments around the expense synergies.
 Does that include the updated synergies?
 Does that include any further actions you're taking, or would those further actions be
 be on top of those energies.
 Yeah, the further actions are going to be on top of those synergies.
 We looked at synergies as, you know, specific to the, you know, the eventual merger of both
 operating businesses, and we looked at, you know,
 further adjustments due to market conditions
 is just the AU expense cost reductions.
 So I guess when all of a sudden done and, you know, kind of those expense reductions
 and they're done and obviously it does take time.
 I guess how would you expect your costs per unit of production to compare to kind
 I don't know where they were last year.
 I mean, as Michael just talked about as well with our initiatives in the context of the
 technology side, we believe our costs are going to be
 material is lower than where they are today and you know the other really you
 You know, great vantage point that we had, you know, with the acquisition of caliber
 was we're able to look at two different operating businesses
 and the amount of crops that they each had
 to effectively close mortgage loans.
 And then you saw the differences between the costs.
 and we've been able to take advantage of best practices
 within our fulfillment strategy to effectively, you know,
 have a plan to reduce costs.
 Obviously, that also takes some technology initiatives for us to basically ensure that
 that we meet those objectives and goals,
 But that is what we're basically working towards.
 Great very helpful. Thank you
 The next question comes from Trevor Cranston from JMP Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Okay, thanks.
 Question on the non-QM side.
 You mentioned that you're expecting the quarterly volume to reach up to about a billion dollars this quarter.
 You know, as that number grows to potentially, you know, billion plus per quarter, is the
 The anticipation that you guys will have, you know, the app site and capital the ability
 to bring that on to NRZ's balance sheet, or is there going to be some mix expected between
 PSL and runs to third parties and keeping something for energy.
 You know, the mortgage company is about making money.
 NRC is obviously about making money as well.
 Currently, we don't expect to be selling non-sument loans
 into the marketplace, you know, the NRG team worked extremely close with the mortgage company,
 and I think that's the beauty of our corporate structure
 capital structure makes us very different than anybody else.
 So, you know, as we look where we are today,
 If we could grow this to a multi-billion dollar a year origination business, one of the things
 that we have a lot of experience in here over at, you know, Fortress Center or C and the
 a mortgage company, whether it be Baron, Jordan, Charles,
 and everybody else is, we've been in the securitization markets for, I have been for 30 years, 30 plus years.
 So, I expect no change other than growth and for the mortgage company to work very closely
 with our, with the NRC team.
 Got it. That's helpful.
 And you mentioned briefly in the prepared comments that you guys were exploring the commercial space and could get involved there in 2022.
 Can you elaborate any on sort of what segments
 of the commercial market would be the most likely place
 for NROZ to potentially become involved.
 You know, we have some small investments now.
 I would say in the commercial space,
 We have some secure term loans and the like.
 We will, you know, we're exploring, we, you know, there's a terrific group of whatever
 We call it conduit originators that we've been in discussions with for, you know, a while.
 We're looking at some redevelopment stuff with some proven operators and this is not,
 You know, this is not quite frankly to hire somebody to come in and just look at CMBS.
 This is to be something a little bit more strategic.
 So as you think about the growth in our business,
 where we went from being an MSR owner,
 where we are today with having operating companies
 that support our overall business.
 You know, an example of that is the new risk caliber side, which is focused on recapture.
 or we capture rays on the reply side on caliber in the 60s,
 New Reds are in the mid 40s.
 That's a big, big deal to support our overall MSR franchise.
 So, as we look at the commercial space, it's going to be something that's more strategic
 and more growth-oriented as we go forward.
 And, you know, we're hopeful that we'll get something done there
 in, you know, probably over the next quarter or during this quarter.
 Okay. Great. Appreciate the comments. Thank you.
 Thank you
 Again, if you have a question, please press star then one.
 Our next question comes from Juliano Bologna from Compass Point.
 Please go ahead.
 I just want to touch on some of the sensitivities that you guys put out there on slide 15.
 Well, when I look at that table, one of the things that I just want to make sure I was
 thinking about correctly there was that as the amortization goes down,
 Thank you for listening.
 where we eligible pre-tax income, but on the origination side you're reducing taxable income.
 I'm not ready to think about it from that perspective because it's roughly called, you know, a 20-year
 quickly run to turn tax rate on the origination side
 for the impact, so that should be slightly greater
 and there's just some pre-taxing numbers
 that you have on the side.
 Yeah, I think that's correct.
 I mean, obviously, there's a portion of the MSR.
 If you're not in the operating business, you know,
 of the MSRD company's agreed asset.
 So the answer is yes to your question.
 That sounds good.
 Then think about, you know, follow up on the question that came up earlier about capital
 allocation.
 There you go.
 It originated 17 billion more MSRs, or more of MSR UP than you ran off in the quarter.
 And you're out, yes, yes, and you've grossed plans
 to some of the other assets, you know, I'm just trying to think about, you know,
 how you think about capital allocation and capital need to fund some of the growth
 in the balance sheet versus dialing up the dividend.
 So first on the MSR side and the capital allocated, if you think about, there's a lot of capital
 that sits in the mortgage company today.
 So there's plenty of capital to share from the origination business over to, you know,
 You know, if we want to acquire MSRs, they are going to be in the mortgage company and
 door on the NRV side.
 It was 1.3 billion in cash and liquidity.
 We feel like we're in a good position today.
 I've been pretty clear over the past number of earnings calls
 that you're going to run with a lot more capital and, you know, it's not to take every last
 are invested in some assets so we drive an extra penny a year a minute we're not
 to live our life that way. As we look forward and think about the dividend, it's really
 avoid decision quite frankly you know I think the run rate of the company is
 is going to be from all of our perspective.
 I think it's going to be interesting to see what happens in the spring as we come out
 of the winter months and what happens to the origination business meaning being on sale
 are really what the demand is for mortgages.
 I think that will help drive a little bit
 of our dividend strategy as we go forward.
 You know, the one thing to be clear is, you know, you look at some of our peers out there,
 You know, our book value, we continue to see increase in book value because of our positioning
 in the market and our macro view as we go forward over time until that kind of changes.
 So I think the net of it is we're hopeful that we continue to drive book value higher
 The results of that should hopefully drive our stock price higher.
 And, you know, with rates still at 195 on 10s or 2% wherever they are after this call,
 You know, it's my belief that our equity is extremely cheap whether you trade in me percent dividend yield to 10 percent dividend yield to 6 percent dividend yield
 I feel like we're in a great place as it relates to our capital, our earnings projections,
 and our book value projections as we go forward.
 The given end discussion is the board thing, and we'll continue to evaluate it as a group,
 there's nothing I can think of at all.
 That makes sense. And then just a quick recap, too.
 That's kind of a two-part question.
 And this is a segment that you guys dropped off to continue on the segment from reporting
 the second in the second side and you added more of these numbers to the wall.
 Well, I'm assuming the addition is just moving to similar ones,
 and Jeff have other, and the mortgage loan
 which involves these three genocles.
 I just wanted to say that's correct, and then when you think about genesis, is there a sense
 how much you can originate on the Genesis platform,
 and what kind of efforts, and if the efforts should resemble the portfolio that came over
 on the 1.5 billion.
 So, Nick, why don't you take the balance sheet, the income statement and stuff, and then I'll take the Genesis sign.
 Correct. Correctually, I know. So the Genesis business is shown in the separate segment
 And we did move the consumer segment, given in size.
 And then on the Genesis side, you know, we're in the, you know, first inning.
 We're getting up to the plate together as partners.
 I think the opportunities there are going to be pretty significant as we go forward.
 keep in mind they were owned by Goldman Sachs, a little bit different of a corporate structure
 than us. Clearly, you know, we're going to be in the market with the securitization
 on the Genesis site probably in the next two weeks.
 We'll write 1.4 billion, we'll probably be at, what I think, 500 millionish on our first
 So, we think there's a lot of growth there and, you know, we look forward to bringing
 to create more products for either the home building industry or the fix and flip industry
 And as a result, that deficit should grow pretty significantly over time.
 No, that's right. Thank you for taking my questions.
 Thank you, you know.
 There are no more questions in the queue.
 This concludes our question-and-answer session.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to Michael Nirenberg for any closing remarks.
 Thanks for joining us this morning.
 I'm very excited for where we are today with our, you know,
 whether it be on the investment portfolio side,
 the leadership team on the mortgage company side,
 and look forward to updating you during the quarter and next quarter.
 but stay well and have a great day.
 Thank you.
 The conference is now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect.