 Good day, and welcome to the new residential fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal the conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero.
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Please note this event is being recorded.
 and I'd like to turn the conference over to
 Bohee Yoon, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone.
 I would like to thank you for joining us today for New Residential's fourth quarter 2021 earnings call.
 Joining me today are Michael Nirenberg, Chairman, CEO, and President of New Residential, and
 Nick Santorio, Chief Financial Officer of U-Residential.
 Also with us today are Baron Silverstein, President, and Jordan Leach, Chief Operating Officer of New Res in Chalibur.
 Throughout the call, we are going to reference the earnings
 up.
 that was posted to the new residential website this morning.
 If you have not already done so, I'd encourage you to download the presentation now.
 I would like to point out that certain statements today will be forward-looking statements.
 These statements by their nature are uncertain and may differ materially from actual results.
 I encourage you to review the disclaimers in our press release and earnings supplements
 regarding forward-looking statements and review the risk factors contained in our annual and
 quarterly reports filed with the SEC.
 In addition, we will be discussing some non-GAF financial measures during today's call.
 Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GATT measures can be found
 earning supplement.
 And with that, I will turn the call over to Michael.
 Thanks, Bowie. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for dialing in.
 And 2021 was a very good year for our shareholders and our company
 as we continued our strategy of building and acquiring
 world-class operating companies
 with the ability to manufacture assets for our own balance sheet,
 as well as an investment portfolio that's very hard to replicate.
 The positioning of our company today, as well as the investment experience of our team,
 should enable us to drive strong returns for shareholders as we go forward.
 With interest rates rising,
 our MSR portfolios will see much slower amortization.
 Keeping our customers through our retention efforts should drive book value higher and
 offset any decrease in origination earnings.
 We have one of the largest MSR portfolios today, and MSRs do rise in value as interest rates increase.
 today
 Only 16% of our borrowers have the incentive to refinance as compared to 2020 when that
 number was a little bit south of 50% and in the upper 40s.
 To put this into context, the 10-year Treasury, which has risen approximately 45 basis points
 since year-end, coupled with rising
 mortgage rates helped increase our book value where we stand today to between $11.75 and
 $12 per share.
 Our mortgage company, New Reds, had a very good year, and the addition of Caliber, which
 closed in august has created one of the best non-bank mortgage companies anywhere our goal
 is to be the best, not the biggest.
 We will continue to focus on efforts working with our government partners on affordable
 housing initiatives, as well as taking care of our 3.2 million customers, offering better
 solutions for home ownership.
 The past two years in the mortgage origination business have been very good.
 They will not be repeated.
 Dealing on sale margins will come under pressure as rates rise.
 many customers who wanted to refinance
 have done so in lower-rate environments.
 As it relates to our origination business, we have many origination channels and different
 levers we can pull, which will enable
 us to adapt quickly to whatever the gain-on-sale climate looks like.
 A great example of this is our growth in the non-QM channel.
 Our year-over-year production numbers are up over 100%,
 and in the fourth quarter, we originated 700 million.
 We expect that number to be something close to $1 billion in the first quarter of 2022.
 as you think about market share
 and gain on sale.
 We will not get into a price war with anyone.
 we are not about market share
 We will focus on areas where we can make money, improve our retention rates on our existing
 portfolios.
 I would also like to acknowledge the strong retail purchase franchise we have as a result
 of the caliber acquisition.
 As we go forward, the purchase market will be a much larger percentage of the origination market,
 and we are well positioned for what's going to come ahead.
 The integration of the two organizations, and Jordan will speak to this shortly, has been coming along extremely well.
 Our new hire of Neenu Cain as Chief Digital Officer, coupled with our existing leadership
 team will help us continue down the path of providing our customers with a great digital
 technology.
 experience.
 starting to see the synergies as a result of this combination of the two companies was
 significant expenses. Again, Jordan will speak to that shortly.
 In the fourth quarter, we closed on the acquisition of Genesis Capital.
 We're very excited to work with Robert Rosman and his team to help grow that business.
 Just to refresh your memory, that's a fix-and-flip lender.
 when we acquired the company
 And we acquired $1.4 billion of approximately 8% coupon short duration assets for our balance sheet.
 On the investment portfolio side, we'll stay the course.
 Focus on MSRs, call rates, growing our SFR business, and looking at other asset classes
 in the financial services space
 as higher yields in the bond market
 coupled with additional volatility
 should create better investment opportunities for us.
 I'll now refer to the supplement which has been posted online.
 I'm going to begin on page three.
 This is the New Residential Corporate Overview.
 Just rolling back in time, since inception, we've paid $3.9 billion in dividends.
 Our book equity is $6.6 billion in net equity.
 Market cap roughly $5 billion.
 We have a balance sheet of approximately $40 billion in assets.
 For the largest number of people in the world,
 non-bank owner of MSR's
 Top five non-bank mortgage originator and servicer.
 And then if you think about our business, over the past few years, we've acquired a number of what I would call complementary businesses to the mortgage space.
 That includes title, appraisal, field services, and other businesses which help drive our earnings higher.
 Page four, financial highlights for the fourth quarter.
 gap net income
 $160 million or $0.33 per diluted share.
 coronings
 191.9 million dollars, 40 cents per diluted share. Common stock dividend 25 cents or 9.3%
 percent dividend yield cash and liquidity at the end of the year was 1.4 billion today
 It's at about 1.3, just to give you a placeholder.
 book value, $11.44
 at the end of December.
 That was up from 11.35.
 I quoted in my opening remarks.
 Mark's book value approximately $11.75 to $12.
 And then again in the fourth quarter, we closed the acquisition of Genesis Capital.
 2021 highlights, the acquisition of Caliber was a game changer for our mortgage business.
 That deal closed in August of 2021.
 I pointed out Genesis.
 During the year, we did a little under $4 billion in securitizations.
 shareholder return 17% full year
 according to $1.48, did a little bit around the capital formation side with a common stock
 offering as well as a
 He prefers stock offering.
 And then on our mortgage company, when you think about the origination and servicing business, we originated $170 billion in loans.
 And we have a servicing portfolio between NRC and the mortgage company of $630 billion,
 which includes loan service both at our own mortgage company, as well as Mr. Cooper, Loan
 care and Aquin.
 Page 6.
 a strategic evolution.
 This company was formed in 2013 to really be an MSR asset owner.
 We got good read status.
 The first one to make that happen with the IRS.
 And over time, we grew.
 We grew into what I would say from a small asset manager focused on MSRs and advances
 to where we are today, which is
 which is a great investment portfolio
 with really good complementary operating companies.
 We're really proud of the growth and where we sit today.
 Page seven, business highlights, again, $630 billion MSR portfolio.
 As I pointed out earlier, MSRs go up in value as interest rates rise, with a $194.10 note
 this morning or 195 10-year note this morning, we should see further gains in market value
 on our MSR portfolio.
 Dividend, $0.25, close the acquisition at Genesis.
 other things to point out.
 99% of our portfolio away from the agency business is non-daily mark-to-market cash
 liquidity, $1.3 billion today or $1.4 billion at the end of the year, and our call rate
 business remains strong.
 C.G.
 Just have a quick look at the left side of the page.
 This really just talks about our business.
 We have a mortgage company that we originate in service.
 We have Genesis Capital, which is a large provider of loans to the real estate industry
 around both building and fix-and-flip lending,
 our MSR portfolio, non-agency loans and securities.
 Today, our non-agency security portfolio is virtually zero other than risk retention.
 and then we have a bunch of loans as it relates to origination activities.
 Market conditions today, our belief is that the Fed is going to go somewhere between five and seven times in 2022.
 We expect the 10-year note to continue to rise as the easing of financial conditions
 goes in the buying of mortgages and treasuries. On the origination front, I can't be more clear.
 However, I don't care if we originate one loan or if we originate a hundred loans.
 Our goal is to service our customers, make money, and if origination volumes go down,
 which we expect them to do, and Barron will talk to that in a minute, so be it.
 Our MSR portfolio more than offset any decrease in earnings we're going to see in the origination business.
 As we look at the non-agency part of our business, in the origination side, I mentioned non-QM.
 0 to 700 year-over-year in the fourth quarter.
 this quarter we expect to do a billion
 and we're growing our prime chamber origination as well.
 and the borrower remains healthy when you look at delinquency trends.
 On the asset side, this is the way that we think we could originate, you know, different
 pools of assets for our own balance sheet for the marketplace when you look at the agency
 The origination market is roughly $2.5 trillion that we expect for 2022.
 The non-agency business, we expect approximately $600 billion, and the business purpose lending
 business, we see a total address
 market of about $500 billion.
 Page 11 or playbook.
 Emisaurus, Emisaurus, Emisaurus is raised to rise.
 Operating businesses, Genesis Capital, Gordian Asset Management, which is a property preservation
 business we have our own title and insurance business and we have an
 appraisal business.
 On the origination side, new res caliber.
 Again, very large mortgage company, focused on making money, not just creating size.
 Genesis Capital, and then we speak to our ability to adapt to different interest rate environments,
 as well as gain on sales environments so that growth in non-QM, jumbo prime, investor loans,
 and business purpose will be a priority this year.
 They're also, when you look at gain on sale margins, those four areas have significant gain on sale margins net at the end of the day.
 And then as we look into 22, I've been pretty vocal about getting into the commercial space.
 We will do that at some point in 22, and hopefully that's sooner rather than later.
 Q4 Performance MSR Portfolio.
 I'm not going to beat a dead horse here
 It's just a couple of things to point out.
 16% of our portfolio
 is in the money to refinance
 as compared to 29% at the end of Q3, and that's down from a little under 50% in 2020.
 hemispiece.
 We expect MSR speeds and amortization to truly slow down.
 We're starting to see that now.
 I think speeds that came out a couple days ago were much slower than street expectations.
 We expect that to continue as we go through the course of the year.
 Keep in mind, January, February, and looking back to December, typically slower months
 in the mortgage origination space, but we expect that to pick up as we go forward.
 Page 15.
 Just have a look at the right side of it.
 Actually, look at the middle part of the page.
 the change in senior
 Thank you.
 what that means
 to overall amortization as we see it in our portfolios and what we think it's going to
 due to the origination P&L
 and just take the middle part of the left side of the page.
 race up 100 basis points.
 We expect amortization to slow down by approximately $175 million and origination PTI to go down
 by 125.
 Net net gain of $50 million.
 If you look to the right side of the page, what does that mean for shareholders?
 It's an increase in 11 cents in annual core earnings.
 The other thing to point out on this page, if you look at our MSR multiples, at the end
 of 1231, the 3.9, as we go forward and rates increase, this is what's going to drive our
 book value higher.
 Up 100, we expect multiples to go to 4.4. Up 150, 4.5, and potentially even higher than that.
 Paul Rice, been talking about this for years, our portfolios remain, but as the homeowner
 cleans up and delinquency trends continue to go lower and advanced balances come down,
 We will continue with our far-right strategy of calling more and more loans.
 Single-family rental strategy, at the end of the year, we had approximately 2,700 homes.
 We did our first securitization in this quarter.
 total equity in the business
 Just to give you a sense, it's a little over $100 million, and we will and expect to continue
 to grow that business.
 We are going to be prudent about it.
 We will announce a small acquisition of some homes we acquired from Zillow over the course
 of the next 30 days or so.
 Probably won't announce it publicly, but just to let you know, it's roughly 300 homes.
 So that business will continue to grow, and we're going to be smart about it as we think home prices,
 or I personally think home crisis could come off a little bit here
 from the growth that we've seen.
 On the loan side, if you look at page 18, performing and non-performing loans, right
 our portfolio at the end of Q4 was
 1.2 billion, EBOs on the NRG side was 500 million, and non-POM was 300 million.
 all this stuff will either be re-delivered
 In the case of EBOs, it's into the Ginnie Mae market.
 In the case of our loan business, either securitization or outright sales on that.
 On the servicer advanced side, balances remain low.
 We have a ton of excess capacity.
 We, as I pointed out earlier, the homeowners in great shape and then when you look at our
 interest rates on our financings, and we had extended those at the lows, our cost of capital
 is very, very low there.
 Now, I'll turn it over to Barron, who will take you through the mortgage company highlights
 Jim and Jordan will take you through the next section.
 Thank you, Michael.
 this is Jordan
 as Michael mentioned
 And the integration of NU-RED and Caliber is well underway as we continue to combine our
 integration.
 platform.
 and technology and service and leadership.
 if you look through the fourth quarter
 we've realized approximately
 90 million of our target synergies
 as a result of actions taken in 2021.
 These synergies include personnel reductions, reduced costs of funds, and vendor consolidations,
 as well as increased efficiencies due to alignments and best practices.
 We expect to achieve an additional $45 to $60 million of synergies in 2022 as we complete
 our origination platform consolidation, removal of duplicate technology systems, and finalization
 of our servicing strategy.
 once completed
 Our full-year 2022 target run rate synergy is expected to be between $175 million to $200 million.
 As Michael mentioned, there's other exciting news.
 We hired a new chief digital officer, and she will help us drive digital innovation,
 user experience, our customer experience, and increased engagement across our customer
 experience.
 production, and service and channels.
 We've kicked off the year with both companies aligned
 with a single vision of helping our customers and homeowners.
 I'll now turn to Barry.
 Thanks, Jordan.
 Good morning.
 Let me turn it to slide 21.
 The Origination Division ended the second quarter with $101 million of pre-tax income
 funded volume of
 $38.1 billion, which is in a decline of 43% and 14%, respectively, quarter over quarter.
 The biggest impact of PTI was the pressure on gain-on-sale margins, which had an 18 basis point drop quarter over quarter.
 And as I look at each one of the businesses, for our direct-to-consumer business,
 Our margins increased approximately six basis points, even with the reduction of funded volume,
 which was 17% reduction over those two quarters.
 We've also seen a 14% pickup in lot volume in January and a flattening of margins when
 comparing December to January of 2022.
 For our retail and JV channels, our margins decreased approximately 23 basis points, with
 a reduction in funded volume of
 14% quarter over quarter.
 While we expect further competitive pressure within our retail channels,
 Our platforms allow us to take advantage of the expected growth in the purchase market to come.
 For our third-party wholesale and correspondent channels, margins decrease 17 basis points and 13 basis points, respectively.
 the higher interest rate
 environment present headwinds for our origination business.
 our balanced business strategy provides us a competitive advantage over other monoloring competitors.
 As Michael previously mentioned, we intend on managing our business to focus on profitability.
 take a disciplined approach to right-sizing the cost basis.
 Our plans include concentrating on our higher margin channels, retail and direct to consumer,
 which was 42% of our funded volume in the fourth quarter.
 We're also looking to expand our partnership business through our joint venture platform.
 We're going to adjust our lower margin channels towards higher margin products, including
 non-agency and non-QM products.
 We're going to remain opportunistic on MSR origination and acquisition.
 And on the expense side, our overall expenses decreased approximately 13% quarter over quarter,
 a portion of which are synergies that Jordan talked about.
 But this also includes additional savings as we reduce our origination capacity based
 upon the current market environment.
 plan for the first quarter
 to stay focused on the efficient integration
 of both companies readjusting
 origination volumes based upon profitability
 and being vigilant on reducing costs.
 Turning to slide 22, and we've said this for the past few quarters, but our extensive
 presentation.
 in our distributed retail and JD business,
 Plus, our direct-to-consumer channel that's coupled with 3.2 million homeowners in our MSR portfolio
 allows us to take advantage and grow market share
 in the forecasted growth in purchase market in 2022.
 It's difficult to replicate these models, and these models differentiate us from the
 competition.
 We've also fully rolled out our Smart Series programs, which previously was referred to
 with non-QM, even though approximately 50% of our portfolio has been to qualify self-employed
 consumers.
 Michael talked about this.
 we've seen our lock volume nearly triple quarter over quarter.
 and in January alone, my volume was 50% of everything we did in the fourth quarter.
 We continue to see growth in our Smart Series programs as approximately 75% of these purchases
 have been to purchase customers
 And to date, only 10% of our sales force has participated so far.
 It is with our partnership with NRZ coupled with our ability to continue to roll out new products
 that will continue to drive growth in our origination business.
 And it's with these products that we further expand on our relationships, our existing
 relationships and build new relationships through a retail, wholesale and correspondent
 the program.
 Turning to slide 23, and Michael talked about the size of our NFC portfolio, but I just
 want to talk about
 two different things here.
 and the first is
 Given our focus on special servicing, we increased our sub-servicing portfolio by approximately 5% quarter over quarter.
 and our expectation is that we can capture additional share of the market dynamics change in 2022.
 The second point is we've announced a new head of servicing for both the caliber and
 new red servicing platforms that will allow us to finalize our servicing strategies in
 Promoting chain-to-run servicing will assure our core focus of helping homeowners stay
 in their home, third-party subservicing clients can continue to grow and build our servicing
 clients.
 portfolio.
 On the last slide, slide 24, talking about recapture, on the top right, you'll see that our recapture performance remains strong, quarter over quarter.
 In the bottom two charts, you see our recapture performance where we have previously originated
 it alone, and our ability to recapture the customer is much stronger, whether through
 purchase recapture or refinance recapture.
 So as we continue to mature in our relationships with our homeowners, we'll be able to take
 a higher share of opportunities, whether
 are offering additional products or services, including recapture in the future.
 Even in the higher interest rate market, our ability to offer customers the ability to
 purchase a new home, provide cash-out refinances, business purpose loan alternatives through
 Genesis, and other
 home equity solutions will provide for
 ongoing fuel in our direct-to-consumer channel.
 On that, Michael.
 Back to you.
 Thanks, Barron.
 And thanks, Jordan.
 And we'll wrap up our supplement, and then we'll go to Q&A.
 Page 25 just talks about our operating companies.
 I'm not going to read these off to you, but, you know, we are a full-scale, you know,
 what I would say, financial services company.
 when you look at the complementary businesses that go along with our mortgage company.
 and then on page 26
 It's really just like how we think about ourselves.
 We think about ourselves first as an investment manager, and then two, when we look at our,
 You know, one is a very strong balance sheet with a lot of cash and liquidity.
 to the MSR portfolio in this rate environment is, quite frankly, EGM.
 it was hard in 2020
 we did a lot of origination
 but it is truly a gem today, and we expect that to provide very good returns as we go forward.
 with that I'm going to turn it back to the operator
 We'll open it up for Q&A.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask you a question, you may press star, then 1 on your touch-tone phone.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 To withdraw your question, please press star and then 2.
 At this time, we'll pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 Our first question comes from George from KBW.
 Thank you.
 Hey, bros.
 Good morning.
 Hey, Mike.
 Good morning.
 Actually, first question just on, you know, again on sale margins.
 You guys noted that in one queue you've seen a flattening, but you could see more pressure in retail going forward.
 Can you just, you know, give us some color on, you know, how much pressure you think it has?
 You can see just, you know, how you think things will play out this year.
 Yeah, so, all I said is in one month we saw flattening in our direct-to-consumer channel.
 month over month. We certainly
 We continue to see pressure, you know, across the board in the context of margins for each
 of our channels.
 And that's due to overcapacity and less production in the marketplace.
 michael's been very clear
 and his message, and we're pivoting our origination business to focus on core profitability, right?
 We continue to have attractive margins, I will tell you, within our retail and our retail JV and our direct-to-consumer channels.
 You know, it's a third-party challenge from our perspective that I continue to see, you know, what we look at as, you know, additional pressure in those.
 And we'll just continue to focus on our view on profitability, and then we'll be opportunistic about, you know,
 which assets that we're looking to basically participate in in those channels to the extent
 that margins continue to compress.
 And, Boz, just add further to that.
 You know, when I talk about origination, whether we do one loan or ten loans, you know, if you take a step back and you look at what our business is, I keep pointing out our $630 billion MSR portfolio.
 But to Barron's point earlier, you know, the wholesale and correspondence side, you're going to see a lot more competition.
 You'll always see more competition because United Wholesale and Rocket are huge in those
 bunch of people.
 We'll be right back.
 wholesale.
 the one thing I would say is if we can create
 MSRs, even if we don't have a huge gain on sale, we will originate that loan.
 So if we like where MSR multiples and values are, for example, in the Gini space right now, you know, we like where multiples are.
 So if we could originate, you know, $100 billion, quite frankly, in the wholesale and correspondence channel, we may think about doing that.
 He can't because the market share as a result of the overall production market is smaller.
 but that may lead us into
 a potential acquisition of a Gini originator, for example, so we could
 focus on growing our Gini presence.
 so it's one of these things
 get until margins are in
 And because you're in the winter months, I mean, you're going to have less months, less production.
 You're also seeing, you know, the highest level of 10-year rate that we've seen since December of 2019, to give you a sense.
 So I think once the markets settle, they come in the spring, we're going to have a good
 purchase market our retail and DTC franchises will thrive and our
 origination business will be good.
 we just want to be prudent about how we think about
 making money and not just originating
 widgets unless we really like to value
 of the MSR.
 Okay, great. Thanks. That's very helpful. And then actually just one on the servicing, you know, consolidation of servicing on one platform.
 Is that, you know, what's the timeline for that?
 And is that the plan still to move it on to Calibre's, the MSP platform?
 Yeah, we continue to evaluate it, Boaz, and we have not made a final decision as to where we're headed.
 The change in the servicing leadership for us was the first step, you know, in the context
 evaluating, you know, which servicing platform we will end up operating on.
 And the other important fact for us is making sure that we're basically servicing the loans
 based on best practices to help our homeowners.
 That was the most, you know, really critical fact for us in making sure that our leadership is aligned.
 Okay, great.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thanks, both.
 The next question comes from Kevin Barker from Piper Sandler.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 All right.
 Thank you.
 I just wanted to follow up with you, Michael.
 So I just wanted to follow on and your comments around on the tangible.
 the tangible book at 1175 to 12 or was that book better
 Thank you.
 Let's put that.
 Okay.
 Does that include the dividend, and could you outline what's driving that as far as quantifying how much was MSR markup
 And then how much of that was offset by maybe portfolio marks or fair value marks?
 Sure, Kevin.
 So, the range of $11.75 to $12 does include an estimate for dividend,
 keeping it the same as prior quarter, and the pickup is primarily due to the increase
 and MSR marks, and it does follow the page that we have in the deck that references the
 point change and the subsequent increase in fair value.
 So just get with the sensitivity that you outlined.
 thank you
 That's correct.
 it's in line with that
 And Kevin, for two of you
 question that we as we think about other potential marks we're fully hedged
 across our business.
 You know, we've had this bias, as I think I've alluded to this maybe forever, but to
 higher rates in the market.
 and we're really starting to see that play out.
 The way we're positioned, whether it be in our own portfolios, having hedges or anything else, you know, I feel like we're extremely well protected.
 and when you look at the increase
 books on you, I think that
 going forward, hopefully
 we see more
 of that to the sense that we remain in this rate environment
 higher rates.
 So if you're fully hedged,
 shouldn't the mark be, you know,
 minimal or just incremental relative to your total equity?
 or do you feel like you're still quite biased to higher rates
 given the composition of the portfolio today.
 We are very biased to higher rates.
 And quite frankly, if the market just rallied significantly the other way, the origination business is, you know, you flip the switch and you start doing a ton.
 So, as of now, we are extremely biased at higher rates.
 MSR portfolios fully hedged across all of our investment portfolios.
 So we feel like we're in good shape.
 Thank you.
 If you have a question, please press star, then one.
 The next question comes from Eric Hagan from VTIG.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks.
 Sorry.
 Good morning.
 Can you guys discuss how the capital allocation across the business might evolve with higher interest rates?
 like do you see yourself potentially reallocating from the production side
 to other areas of the business as the origination volume slows, and how the capital needs to
 support the MSR might evolve along with that.
 The answer to your first question is yes.
 there'll be less capital in the origination business unless you know listen we're going to
 Thank you.
 higher ROEs in our business overall.
 So if that means that, you know, to Barron's point and all of our points, if
 Wholesale is not going to produce anything on the agency side, but it's going to produce more on the non-QM and jumbo side.
 we're going to put more capital in the wholesale side on those production channels.
 I think overall, you'll likely see more capital allocated, I pointed out, if we could find
 We do believe there's going to be opportunities to acquire some origination or smaller originators
 as a result of the current rate environment.
 So we have our eyes out on some good retail, you know,
 Gini Producers, for example.
 Jordan, I don't know if there's anything else you want to elaborate on that front
 You know, as we think about the potential acquisition in the mortgage company around some...
 No, I think as you mentioned, in this market environment,
 And we're seeing smaller players that are looking to kind of cash in or exit out.
 Because gain-on-fill margins and folks are holding on to their MSRs,
 So they're only out as either the cell themselves or cell the MSRs.
 And Eric, to your point, would we allocate more money to the MSR business?
 The answer is absolutely yes.
 you'll likely see a shift from some capital out of the origination business into the MSR business.
 And the other thing is, when we look at our origination business, we haven't spoken about this.
 But, you know, between hiring Neenu on the digital side, we just promoted Dino Lack on the technology side,
 who's doing a great job for us to help drive down the cost of origination.
 Couple that with Bob Johnson, who's running our fulfillment and offside, you know, as we bring down our cost of production and we need to do that, it makes us more competitive in some of the more, what I would say, very competitive channels, which may enable us to actually get a little more aggressive there.
 So a lot of focus on bringing costs down, but a lot of focus on bringing costs down through the technology initiatives that we have and with the new leadership.
 That's really helpful.
 I think you noted
 do you expect
 is said to go five to seven times this year.
 Any thoughts on how that could translate into spreads at the longer end of the yield curve?
 You know, we think that they are going to, you know, whether they have reinvestment strategies or mortgages and treasuries.
 We had a good update call with one of our economic advisors yesterday, and we went through this.
 You know, the general feeling is that they think five rate hikes, not seven.
 And then the other thing that's down the market is 50 basis points in March.
 They don't, and I don't think they go 50 basis points in March, because then at every meeting, folks are going to be like whether they go in 25 or 50, and that could rock the markets.
 I could be wrong, but it's my own personal view as well as our advisors.
 I do think rates in the long end are going to go up.
 um, you know,
 My partner is sitting next to me here.
 We were talking about 2018 where we were hedging out some of our business
 And we were paying on swabs at $3.27 on 10.
 Thank you.
 You have inflation at the highest levels you've seen.
 The Fed is going to stop buying mortgages and reduce their balance sheet.
 So I think rates go up, you know, a fair amount in the long end.
 I really do.
 I think the market is underpricing where they're saying, you know,
 could actually go.
 It's still historically, think about it, 195 senior notes, still historically very, very
 well. We do think you'll get your
 bear market rallies, but I do think rates are historically low, particularly in the
 on the ring.
 Thanks.
 and then one more on the portfolio construction
 since the end of the year.
 Have you guys done anything with the agency MBS portfolio as a hedge for the MSR?
 And just whether that fits there.
 On the agency MSR site, when we acquired Calibre, there was some hedge against the MSR there.
 We've taken that off.
 So there, you know, at this point, there's no hedging into the MSR.
 Okay.
 Okay, thanks, guys.
 Appreciate it.
 The next question comes from Douglas Harder from Credits.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks.
 just hoping to
 clarify the comments around the expense synergies, does that include, the updated synergies,
 Does that include any further actions you're taking, or would those further actions be
 on top of those synergies.
 Yeah, the further actions are going to be on top of those synergies.
 We looked at synergies as, you know, specific to the, you know,
 the eventual merger of both operating businesses.
 and we looked at, you know, further adjustments due to market conditions
 as just BAU expense cost reductions.
 So I guess when all is said and done and, you know, kind of those expense reductions are done,
 and obviously it does take time.
 You know, I guess, how would you expect your costs per unit of production to compare to kind of where they were last year?
 I mean, as Michael just talked about as well with our initiatives in the context of the technology side,
 we believe our costs are going to be
 materially lower than where they are today
 And, you know, the other really, you know, great vantage point that we had, you know,
 with the acquisition of Calibre was we were able to look at two different operating businesses
 and the mousetraps that they each had
 to effectively close mortgage loans.
 And then you saw the differences between the costs.
 And we've been able to take advantage of best practices within our fulfillment strategy to effectively, you know, have a plan to reduce costs.
 Obviously, that also takes some technology initiatives for us to basically ensure that
 We meet those objectives and goals, but that is what we're basically working towards.
 Very helpful.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Trevor Cranston from JMP Securities.
 Please, please go ahead.
 Great, thanks.
 Question on the non-QM side, you mentioned that you're expecting the quarterly volume
 to reach up to about a billion dollars this quarter.
 as that number grows
 to potentially, you know, a billion plus per quarter, is the anticipation that you guys will have, you know,
 the app site and capital
 the ability to bring that
 onto NRZ's balance sheet, or is there going to be some mix expected between, you know,
 selling runs to third parties and keeping
 You know,
 the mortgage company
 is about making money.
 NRC is obviously about making money as well.
 Currently, we don't expect to be selling non-QM loans into the marketplace.
 The NRG team works extremely close with the mortgage company, and I think that's the beauty
 of our corporate structure
 and capital structure
 makes us very different than anybody else.
 market for I have been for 30 years 30 plus years so I expect no change other
 than growth, and for the mortgage company to work very closely with the NRC team.
 Okay, good.
 That's helpful.
 you mentioned briefly
 and the prepared comments
 that you guys were exploring
 the commercial space
 and could get involved there in 2022.
 can you elaborate
 any on sort of what segments of the commercial market
 would be the most likely place for NRZ
 to potentially become involved
 You know, we have some small investments now.
 I would say in the commercial space, we have some secured term loans and the like.
 we will
 you know, we're exploring
 You know, there's a terrific group of what I would call conduit originators that we've been in discussions with for, you know, a while.
 We're looking at some redevelopment stuff with some proven operators.
 and this is not
 you know
 This is not, quite frankly, to hire somebody to come in and just look at CMBS.
 This is to be something a little bit more strategic.
 So as you think about the growth in our business,
 where we went from being an MSR owner to where we are today
 It's having operating companies that support our overall business.
 An example of that is the new risk caliber side, which is focused on recapture or recapture
 rates on the refi side, on Calibre in the 60s, on New Reds, they're in the mid-40s.
 That's a big, big deal to support our overall MSR franchise.
 so as we look at the commercial space
 It's going to be something that's more strategic and more growth-oriented as we go forward.
 and, you know, we're hopeful that we'll get something done there
 in, you know, probably over the next quarter or during this quarter.
 Okay, great.
 Appreciate the comments.
 Thank you.
 Again, if you have a question, please press star, then 1.
 Our next question comes from Giuliano Bologna from Compass Point.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 I just want to touch on some of the sensitivities that you guys put out there on slide 15.
 I mean, when I look at that table, one of the things that I just wanted to kind of make
 which I was thinking about correctly there was that as the amortization goes down,
 So, obviously, you're increasing, you know, REIT eligible pre-tax income, but on the origination
 side, you're reducing taxable income.
 and I'm ready to think about it from that perspective
 because roughly
 you call it
 the 20 years before the 21st tax rate
 on the origination side, so the impact should actually be slightly greater than just the
 pre-tax income numbers that you have on the slide?
 Yeah, I think that's correct.
 I mean, obviously, there's a portion of the MSR.
 If you're not in the operating business, you know, the MSR becomes a degree to access.
 So, the answer is yes to your question.
 That sounds good.
 Then thinking about a follow-up on the question that came up earlier about capital
 on the question.
 There you go.
 You guys originated 17 billion more MSRs or more of MSR UTV than you ran off in the quarter.
 and you're out.
 Yes, yes, and growth plans and some of the other assets.
 You know, I'm just trying to think about, you know,
 how you think about capitalization
 of the capital needs to fund some of the growth in the balance sheet versus dialing up the
 to them
 So first on the MSR side and the capital allocated, if you think about it, there's a lot of capital
 that sits in the mortgage company today.
 So there's plenty of capital to shift from the origination business over to, you know,
 If you want to acquire MSRs, they are whether it be in the mortgage company and or on the
 NRC side. You know, with $1.3 billion of cash and liquidity, we feel like we're in a good position
 today have been pretty clear
 over the past number of earnings calls
 that we are going to run with a lot more capital and, you know, it's not to take every last
 invested in some assets
 So we drive an extra penny a share.
 We're not going to live our life that way.
 as we look forward
 and think about the dividend, it's really a board decision, quite frankly.
 You know, I think the run rate of the company is going to be, from all of our perspective,
 So I think it's going to be interesting to see what happens in the spring as we come out of the winter months
 and what happens to the origination business, meaning gain on sale,
 or really what the demand is for mortgages.
 I think that will help drive a little bit of our dividend strategy as we go forward.
 You know, the one thing to be clear is, you know, you look at some of our peers out there, you know, our book value, we continue to see increase in book value because of our positioning in the market and our macro view as we go forward over time until that kind of changes.
 So I think the net of it is we're hopeful that we continue to draw book value higher.
 the result of that should hopefully drive our
 stock price higher
 and
 And, you know, with rates still at 195 on tens or 2%, wherever they are after this call,
 it's my belief that our equity is extremely cheap
 whether you traded an 8% dividend yield, a 10% dividend yield, a 6% dividend yield.
 I feel like we're in a great place.
 as it relates to our capital, our earnings projections, and our book value projections
 as we go forward.
 The dividend discussion is a board thing and we'll continue to evaluate as a group, but
 there's nothing I can say for that job.
 That makes sense.
 And then just a quick recap, two more questions.
 but I know this is a
 segments if you guys
 dropped off the consumer loan segment from a reporting perspective in the segment side
 and you've added mortgage loan receivable.
 I'm assuming the addition is moving consumer loans and the mortgage loan receivables is
 It seems to be Genesis.
 I was wondering if that's correct.
 And then when you think about Genesis, is there a sense of how much you can originate
 on the Genesis platform and what kind of assets,
 you know,
 And if the assets should resemble the portfolio that came over on the $1.5 billion.
 So, Nick, why don't you take the balance sheets, the income statement and stuff, and then I'll take the Jennifer side.
 Correct, Juliano.
 the genesis business
 is shown in the separate segment
 and we did move the consumer segment
 giving this to us.
 And then on the Genesis side, you know, we're in the, you know, first inning.
 We're getting up to the plate together as partners.
 I think the growth
 opportunities there are going to be pretty
 significant as we go forward. Keep in mind
 And they were owned by Goldman Sachs, a little bit different of a corporate structure than us.
 Clearly, you know, we're going to be in the market with a securitization on the Genesys
 probably in the next two weeks. We've heard 1.4 billion. We'll probably be out with, I think,
 $500 million-ish on our first securitization.
 So we think there's a lot of growth there, and we look forward to creating more products
 for either the home-building industry or the fix-and-flip industry.
 And as a result, that deficit should grow pretty significantly over time.
 That's great.
 Thank you for taking my questions.
 Thanks, Juliano.
 There are no more questions in the queue.
 This concludes our question and answer session.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to Michael Nirenberg for any closing remarks.
 Thanks for joining us this morning.
 very excited for what
 for where we are today with our
 whether it be on the investment portfolio side,
 the leadership team
 on the mortgage company side
 and look forward to updating you during the quarter and next quarter.
 But stay well and have a great day.
 Thank you.
 The conference is now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect.
 Thanks.