 Thanks, Inga. And good morning, everyone.
 I'll start on slide five.
 As Inga mentioned, gap earnings for the quarter were $2.58 per share.
 Since we have several moving parts to this quarter, I thought I would take a moment to
 cover each item to make our underlying second quarter performance as clear as possible.
 As Inga mentioned, we continue to execute our plans in Q2 to strengthen the company for the
 the future.
 During the quarter, we made incremental strategic investments of $178 million.
 $39 million was growth-related and $139 million related to portfolio and footprint actions.
 For the second half of the year, we anticipate another 20 to 25 cents per share impact
 from incremental strategic investments.
 largely footprint related.
 These actions drive greater productivity from our manufacturing and supply chain base
 and we'll improve our service to our customers.
 Looking ahead, we expect footprint actions to be, at a minimum, an expense of $0.10 per share in 2018.
 This expectation includes benefits from actions implemented in 2017.
 In addition, we had divestiture-related activity
 in the quarter, which added 57 cents to gap earnings per share, of which 54 cents relates
 to the identity management business.
 Taking into account these items, underlying earnings were $2.25 per share, up 8.2% year-on-year.
 Please turn to slide six for a recap of our quarterly sales performance.
 We post a good organic growth in the quarter of three and a half percent, with volumes
 up a solid 3.8%.
 prices were down 30 basis points year on year due to a couple of factors strong
 volume growth in electronics had a negative impact on price, and we saw a less price growth
 in Latin America as currencies were more stable versus the U.S. dollar.
 We continued to actively manage the portfolio in Q2
 and divested some non-strategic businesses,
 which reduced tails by one hundred basis points.
 For currency translation, decrease sales by another 60 basis points.
 All in, second quarter sales in U.S. dollars increased 1.9% versus last year.
 In the U.S., organic growth was 1.9%, led by a mid-single-digit increase in industrial.
 our health care and safety and graphics businesses.
 delivered low single-digit growth in the quarter.
 The consumer business was down 1% organically in the U.S. in Q2.
 impacted by continued channel adjustments in the office market.
 Asia-Pacific led the company with organic growth of 10% in Q2.
 All business groups within APAC posted strong growth in the quarter, including a double-digit
 increase in electronics and energy and high single-digit growth in each of our other four
 our business groups.
 Organic growth was 17% in China, Hong Kong, and 8% in Japan.
 excluding our electronics-related businesses.
 China Hong Kong grew 12% and Japan was up 4%.
 Moving to EMEA, organic growth declined 2% in Q2,
 with a similar result in West Europe.
 This area experienced fewer building days versus last year due to the timing of the Easter
 holiday.
 Through the first half of the year, AMIA grew one percent organically, led by our safety
 in graphics and industrial businesses.
 Due to organic growth in Latin America, Canada was 4% with all businesses posting positive
 with growth.
 Health care led the way of high single digits, and consumer grew mid-single digits.
 At a country level, Mexico continued to deliver strong, organic growth at 8%.
 Brazil was up 6%.
 Canada grew 3%.
 We continue
 you to generate broad-based growth across the globe, giving us confidence in our flow
 your expectations, which Inga will discuss later.
 Please turn to slide seven for the second quarter P&L highlights
 Companywide, second quarter sales were $7.8 billion, with net income of $1.6 billion,
 up 23%.
 On a gap basis, second-quarter operating margins were 28 percent or 24.3 percent year-over-year
 excluding the previously mentioned impact
 from incremental strategic investments and divestitures.
 Let's take a closer look at the various components
 of our margin performance in the second quarter.
 Gains from organic volume growth and productivity contributed 60 basis points to operating margins.
 lower raw material costs, net of selling price changes,
 added another 10 basis points.
 Foreign currency, net of hedge gains, brought margins down 50 basis points in the quarter.
 will higher year-on-year pension and OPEV expense decreased margins by 30 basis points.
 Finally, incremental strategic investments reduce margins by 2.3 percentage points and
 a vestiture-related activity benefited margins by six percentage points.
 Let's now turn to slide 8 for a closer look at earnings per share.
 Second quarter gap earnings were $2.58 per share, including a net earnings benefit of 33 cents per share.
 from the combined impacts of gains on investigators, which were partially offset by incremental
 strategic investments and non-repeating lost operating earnings.
 Excluding these items, our operating APS was $2.25 of 8.2% year-on-year.
 The combination of organic growth and productivity
 contributed $0.08 per share to Q2 earnings.
 Business transformation continues to have a positive impact on our productivity efforts.
 foreign currency, net of hedging, reduced pre-tax earnings by $0.05 a share.
 Our Q2 tax rate was 26% versus 29.6% in the prior year,
 increased earnings by $0.12 per share.
 The lower tax rate was driven by favorable geographic profit mix.
 supply chain centers of expertise and ongoing strategic tax initiatives.
 For the first half of the year, our tax rate was 25%.
 We now expect the full year tax rate to be in the range of 26 to 27 percent versus a prior range of 26 to 27 and a half percent.
 Finally, lower shares outstanding and higher interest expense together having net 2 cent
 positive impact to EPS.
 please turn to slide nine for a look at cash flow.
 We continue to generate solid operating cash flow as a company, which allows us to consistently
 invest in the business and return cash to shareholders.
 One quarter free cash flow was $1.3 billion, of $378 million year-on-year.
 Free cash flow conversion was 85% in the quarter, and for the full year we now anticipate free
 cash flow conversion to be in the range of 95 to 100% versus 95 to 105% previously.
 The adjustment to the high end of the range is primarily due to the gain on sale of identity
 management.
 Second quarter capital expenditures were $302 million,
 And for the full year, we continue to anticipate CAPEX investments in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion.
 During the quarter, we paid $701 million in cash dividends to shareholders and also returned
 $494 million to shareholders through gross share repurchases.
 In the first half of the year, we repurchased $1.2 billion in stock and now expect full
 year repurchases to be in the range of two to three and a half billion dollars versus
 two-and-a-half to four-and-a-half billion dollars previously.
 Let's now review our performance by Business Group.
 Please turn to slide 10.
 Industrial, our largest business group, continued its strong growth, delivering second quarter
 sales of $2.7 billion of 3.8 percent organically.
 growth was once again broad-based across all geographic areas and nearly all
 businesses.
 Advanced materials led the way with low double digit growth in the quarter.
 The automotive and aerospace solutions business grew mid-single digits in the quarter as we
 continue to outgrow the market.
 Our heartland businesses within industrial all posted positive organic growth in the quarter.
 industrial adhesive and tapes glue mid-single digits and the braces and
 and automotive aftermarket each crew low single digits.
 On a geographic basis, organic growth was led by Asia Pacific and the U.S.
 Industrial delivered second-quarter operating income of $523 million, with an operating margin of 19.2%.
 Adjusting for incremental strategic investments, operating margins were 21.5%.
 down nearly 200 basis points year on year.
 Half of the decline was due to foreign currency.
 with the remainder from mix and select pricing actions to drive volume growth.
 Looking ahead, we expect operating leverage in the business to improve in the second half of the year.
 please turn to slide 11. Second-quarter sales and safety and graphics were $1.5 billion
 with organic growth of 3.2%.
 Organic growth was led by a personal safety business, which again delivered high single
 digit growth in the quarter.
 We continue to experience strong demand for our personal safety solutions across the world
 with particular strength in Asia-Pacific of double digits.
 followed by high single-digit growth in the U.S.
 In transportation safety, we continue to take actions to improve the portfolio.
 In Q2, we finalized the sale of the identity management and tolling businesses and announced
 the exit of electronic monitoring.
 For almost 80 years, Trinium has pioneered industry-leading solutions to improve road
 safety and mobility.
 We continue to focus on the rapidly changing trends in transportation safety and mobility,
 including the connected roadways of the future.
 Finally, Q2 organic growth in our commercial solutions business was flat, while the Rook
 making granules business declined, primarily due to tough year-on-year comps.
 Safely graphically, safety and graphics grew organically in all areas, led by a 9% increase
 in Asia-Pacific.
 Second quarter process in safety and graphics, more than double year-on-year, to 852 million
 dollars, boosted by the best of your gains.
 Adjusting for these items and strategic investments year on year, operating margins were 27.1%.
 Please turn to slide 12.
 The health care business generated second quarter sales of $1.4 billion.
 Organic growth was 2.5 percent year on year.
 Organic growth was led by a double-digit increase in drug delivery systems,
 followed by food safety, which was of high single digits.
 Our medical consumables businesses, which represent the largest segment within healthcare,
 posted 3% organic growth in Q2.
 Both information systems was flat year on year and delivered sequential improvement.
 Looking ahead, we expect organic growth to improve in this business
 throughout the balance of the year
 as our contract pipeline continues to build.
 Oral care was flat in Q2, with the first half of the year up 2%.
 geographically
 Healthcare was led by high-single-digit organic growth in both Asia Pacific and Latin America, Canada.
 The U.S. grew 3 percent, and the media declined mid-single digits.
 We saw notable strength in China, Hong Kong and Latin America, which were both up double
 digits in the quarter.
 Healthcare's operating income was $412 million, and operating margins were 28.6%, adjusting
 for strategic investments year on year, operating margins were 30.6 percent.
 Please turn to slide 13.
 Electronics and energy continue to lead our company with second quarter organic growth of 8.4 percent,
 resulting in sales of $1.2 billion.
 The electronic side of the business grew 15% organically, as our team continued to drive
 increased penetration on many OEM platforms.
 For example, our NOVAX specialty fluids,
 grew high teens as we continue to see strong demand for its many applications.
 strengthened across most market segments in consumer electronics, and we continue to benefit
 from favorable year-on-year cons.
 Our interview-related businesses were down 3% organically.
 with electrical flap will telecom decline.
 in a geographic basis.
 Organic growth was led by a double-digit increase in Asia-Pacific, which is where our
 electronics business is concentrated.
 Latin America, Canada grew slightly,
 U.S. was flat while Amir declined.
 Second quarter operating income for electronics and energy was $301 million, with operating
 margins of 24.8%.
 As you can see, Q2 was another strong quarter
 for our electronics and energy business.
 Please turn to slide 14.
 Second quarter sales and consumer were $1.1 billion.
 with organic growth of 0.7%, which was an improvement
 versus recent quarters.
 We continue to see positive organic growth
 and three of our four consumer businesses.
 namely home improvement, home care, and consumer health care.
 As expected, our stationary office supply business was again impacted by channel inventory reductions
 in the U.S. Office of Retail and Wholesale Channels.
 although these growth headwinds were lower in Q2 versus Q1.
 We expect to see these channel adjustments continue, but to have less of an impact in the back half of the year.
 We are seeing a good return on accelerated investments in some of our key category defining
 brands. For example, our command-damage-free mounting products post a strong, double-digit
 growth, and we also deliver good growth in scotch-brite cleaning products.
 Geographically, organic growth in consumer was led by Asia-Pacific and Latin America-Canada,
 both of high single digits.
 This growth was partially offset by declines in the U.S.
 Finally, operating income was $195 million
 with an operating margin of 17.2%.
 Adjusting for strategic investments year on year, operating margins were 22.2 percent.
 Please turn to swipe 15, and I will now turn the call back over to Inga.
 Please press the 1 all by the 3.
 Yeah, Andy, in the case of pricing both for the quarter end for the year, we're not,
 If I think about 3M's business model where we take technology, use that to create value
 for the customers. That ultimately creates our fundamental pricing power. That hasn't
 changed, that remains strong.
 For the second quarter we saw a price down 30 basis points and as you mentioned we saw it down
 approximately 40 basis points in the U.S.
 And on a global basis, what we're seeing, Andy, is two main things that have changed
 from first quarter are strong growth in electronics, which was much more of a price down than the
 the other businesses that we saw, that strong growing growth there contributed to a more
 negative price growth in Asia Pacific and then in Latin America where we often see price
 growth, often driven by a weakening currencies against the US dollar, we saw a much more
 stable currencies there versus the U.S. dollar, so some of the corresponding price growth
 we see doesn't materialize.
 the core price growth, and this gets into what we saw in the United States, core price
 We traditionally see somewhere between 30 and 50 basis points of core price growth.
 In the U.S., we're now tracking to the low end of what we've been expecting for price
 scrolls.
 expected to be closer to flats for the total year in the U.S. And we are taking in some
 markets selected price adjustments to gain market share or to accelerate
 volume growth.
 Some examples are industrial business.
 Yeah John, you know as well as I do as a competitive world, we're constantly working
 how can we gain the market share that we think our product should be having.
 In this kind of competitive world, we keep looking for where are their prices offered,
 Where are their opportunities?
 where price could have been a barrier for us taking market share.
 And in a couple of businesses I mentioned, industrial and consumer as well as electronics in Asia,
 in Asia, we look for where there are those opportunities.
 Partly, partly how I think about this, John, we're also through our investments to accelerate
 growth as we're investing in more dollars to commercialize many of our existing product
 In some of those cases, we looked at where are there opportunities where price, our current
 price position could be a barrier to us reaching the maximum market share potential that we
 felt we could attain, and we're making those selected adjustments.
 I do think we are at probably the peak of the price declines that we've taken to do that.
 I don't see much further downward pressure from the momentum we've had.
 And if anything, I see the second half of the year with some uptick in that pricing.
 Yeah, John, I think the fair way to characterize it is these are three M decisions we're making not responses
 we're making in the market.
 These are 3M driven actions.
 I'll talk broadly on returning cash to shareholders and then go into specifically what you're
 We're asking on the dividend and the share repurchases.
 So, you know, for us, John, returning cash to shareholders is a priority.
 and we do it both through dividends and we do it through share repurchases.
 On the dividend front, we've reached a point where we think our dividend payout ratio is
 in the zone that we want it to be and future increases in our dividend over time we expect
 to be very similar to what we anticipate
 for earnings per share growth.
 So in the coming years, we expect our dividend to grow in line with earnings over time on the share repurchase front.
 That's more dynamic for us.
 And you've probably heard me say this before.
 We have a two-fold strategy there.
 We do maintain a consistent presence in the market
 with a base level of repurchases.
 And then we augment that with opportunistic buyback
 based on relative value.
 We continually assess the market valuation
 through our own analysis, comparing it to how the stock is trading.
 And over time, we found that to be a good risk-adjusted basis
 to be creating values.
 Now, in the case of lower purchases, both for the quarter
 and for the year.
 We adjusted the full year range down based on where we stand through the first half of the year.
 The market's been strong, and we're exercising discipline.
 And we anticipate that there will continue to be opportunities
 in the future to effectively deploy capital to maximize those returns.
 I would also add that our allocation of capital to share buyback is also influenced by other
 demands on capital. Such bit of a wait-and-see on that, John, that we still plan to be putting
 significant capital into share repurchases, we have announced our planned acquisition
 of Scott's safety, which we anticipate to happen in the second half of the year.
 But as you know, this type of market there can be dynamic, so we are keeping our options
 open for the second half of the year in two big components.
 One is our investments in growth, and that's the minority part of the investment, and it's
 aligned with what we originally guided back in December about an incremental $100 million
 that we anticipate to be sending in growth investments.
 It's a number of core product platforms we have that we're investing in, commercialization
 legalization dollars, in some cases it can be advertising, merchandising, in some cases
 it can be people involved in adding people in the actual selling process of our products.
 And we anticipate that that will add 50 to 100 basis points to our growth for the total
 year.
 And that's factored into our guidance now.
 And through the first half of the year, Rob was seen
 our growth and our expenditures on that front, tracking very much in line, but that's the
 minority of our total strategic investments.
 The more significant thing on strategic investments for us in 2017 is the actions we're taking
 and optimizing our manufacturing supply chain footprints.
 And that aligns with what we shared in March of 2016 when we laid out our five-year plan.
 And in optimizing our footprint and our manufacturing base, we anticipated over a period of the next few years we'd be investing between $5 and $600 million.
 In some cases, closing manufacturing sites and shifting manufacturing and expanding
 manufacturing in our most more efficient sites, ultimately to reduce our total
 main bathroom footprint to improve efficiency and to improve our ability to service our
 customers.
 That's most of what you're seeing under strategic investments.
 fits under that strategy.
 We took a number of actions in the second quarter, and in terms of the return, the way we've
 You've quantified that.
 There's a couple of ways I can quantify that for you, Rob.
 One is by 2020, we anticipate that this will have increased our operating income annually.
 Yeah, for the raw materials, the 10 to 15 cents that we anticipated a benefit at the
 beginning of the...
 ...
 There's been puts and takes as we go along on the raw material side, but so far we're
 So far, we're still seeing ourselves in that range of 10 to 15 cents.
 I'd say the potential where in the last couple of years where we go past that number,
 I don't see that as a very high probability, as she is in this range, maybe tending a little
 towards the bottom end of that range, based on what we're seeing in the raw material markets
 today.
 And on the pricing front, I don't know what to repeat, but other than there have been
 these isolated places where we take, where we take an action.
 In the second half of the year, we expect a more normal price growth for 3M as we put
 in plan some actions to be bringing price back to a more normal level that we historically
 experienced in on the strategic investments around growth.
 When we started the year, we said that we expected that to be an incremental 10 cents
 and we continue to expect it to be that incremental 10 cents.
 We're not increasing that number any further and then on the price growth
 Well, I say to the more normal range, I do think it will still be to the lower end on
 Christ's growth in the second half of the year.
 I'm approaching in the positive zone, but not up to the whole 30 to 50 basis points that
 that we normally are getting for core price scrolls.
 When it comes to the comps, there's a couple of different things going on.
 One, like, for instance, our electronics and industrial, both of those I agree with you
 were going to have slightly tougher comps in the second half of the year in the case
 of consumer and in health care, both of those will be seen easier comes.
 I wouldn't call it a big statement on our fact that we're seeing an improving economy.
 We're seeing a fairly stable economy outlook for the balance of the year.
 move in the organic growth range to now be three to five and take as confidence in our
 ability to maintain the growth trajectory even with the tougher comp that we'll be facing
 primarily in the fourth quarter.
 Yeah, Julian, if I think about the different quarters, as you're talking about Q1, Q2,
 We did see core underlying margin expansion once we strip out the gains in these strategic
 investments in Q1 and in Q2, we're more or less flat. So that's mathematically much
 of what's describing what you're seeing there on that EPS differential between Q1 and Q2.
 As we dissect out a little deeper, Julian, where did we not see some of the margin expansion
 we had seen in the past and what does that mean for the second half of the year?
 industrial business is one of those businesses where we didn't see as much
 leverage as we have seen in the past and as we look to the second half of the
 year. We're expecting for the total year that we're going to be seeing 50 basis points
 at a minimum, possibly higher, of year-on-year margin expansion,
 stripping out the gain and strategic investment impacts.
 So if we get to the underline, 50 basis points are slightly higher.
 some of the reasons that will drive at its leverage in a business such as
 industrial. We do see that improved pricing that I talked about earlier. We do see improved
 results from our productivity programs and probably some added
 spell-tightening going on.
 I'm just good, thank you.
 And then just my second and last question would be around the growth outlook in the
 in the area region.
 I think a lot of companies this earnings have talked about a disconnect of sort of the good
 soft data, not necessarily translating into hard orders or sales.
 So if we think about your first half overall organic growth in the region of 1%, that is
 a good placeholder of sort of what you expect for the second half. And then maybe there's
 any update on how you're seeing business in Europe in recent months.
 There's different types of actions a company like us can, like 3M can take.
 Sometimes in action where we enter into a restructuring where we're reducing the size of our workforce,
 Of course, that can be a much faster payback and you've seen actions like that that we've
 done and see very fast payback.
 When it comes to optimizing our manufacturing and supply chain footprint, those paybacks
 take time to materialize.
 We don't start seeing benefits, Joe,
 until we actually have the manufacturing site closed
 that we've chosen to action and have the new
 manufacturing going on in a new location. That takes time to happen.
 It takes time to work with work councils, with employee
 organizations, it takes time to, in some cases, re-qualify that product if we're moving.
 It can many times be several quarters before we act from the point we announced it until
 until we've actually physically made the change
 and start realizing those benefits.
 So this is different, and this is why this one takes longer to get to happen.
 Still a very important part of our strategy, though, to be by 2020 getting to those savings
 that we're protecting.
 All right.
 Those we announce once we have clear line of sight that they'll actually happen.
 but in terms of the footprint side,
 We'll still be seeing the negative impacts in absolute terms in 2018 on our margin and on our EPS.
 We expect in 19 to become positive and then by 2020 to be the full amount as far as the
 M&A and what that might do in 2018. I think it's too early for me to speculate on that
 piece.
 No.
 piece. No.