Good morning and good evening. Thank you all for joining this conference call. And now we will begin the conference call of fiscal year 2021 first quarter earnings results by Samsung Electronics. This conference will start with the presentation followed by a divisional Q&A session. If you have a question, please press star 1, that is star N1 on your phone during the Q&A. For cancellation, please press star 2, that is star N2 on your phone. Now we shall commence the presentation on the fiscal year 2021 first quarter earnings results by Samsung Electronics. Welcome everyone. This is Ben Soh from Investor Relations. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. For additional details regarding our quarterly results, please refer to our earnings presentation, which is available on our IR website at www.samsung.com slash global slash IR. On the call with me today representing each of our business units are EVP Han Jin-man representing Memory, VP Kenny Han for System LSI, EVP Kang Moon-soo for Foundry, EVP Choi Gon-young for Samsung Display, VP Kim Sung-koo for Mobile Experience or MX, which is a previous mobile division, and VP Esty Chung for Digital Appliances. I would like to remind you that some of the statements we will be making today are forward-looking based on the environment as we currently see it, and all such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to be materially different from those expressed in today's discussion. Also, please note that last December, we merged the IM and CE divisions to form the DX division. However, as this was just announced in December, we have maintained the IM and CE distinction in our earnings call materials as well as in portions of this presentation for consistency with our Q1 to Q3 results. With that, I would first like to present the results for the fourth quarter. I'm pleased to report that we once again delivered record results by leveraging our differentiated products and technology leadership despite the challenging macro environment. Total revenue in the fourth quarter grew 3.5% sequentially to $76.6 trillion, setting a consecutive all-time quarterly high driven mainly by our finished product businesses. We expanded sales of premium smartphones, including foldables, as well as TVs and home appliances amid year-end peak seasonality. We set records for total revenue in a respective quarter for each quarter in 2021, resulting in a record annual revenue of $280 trillion. Gross profit increased by $0.5 trillion sequentially to $31.6 trillion, led by expanded sales of premium smartphones, but gross margin decreased slightly, primarily due to a decline in memory prices. SG&A expenses were up $2.5 trillion quarter-on-quarter to $17.8 trillion, mainly due to increased spending on R&D and advertising and promotional activities. As a percentage of sales, they increased by 2.6 percentage points. Operating profit was $13.9 trillion, down from the previous quarter due to a special bonus payment to employees, a decline in memory prices, and a seasonal rise in marketing costs for smartphones. On a year-on-year basis, however, both operating profit and operating margin increased substantially, driven by our semiconductor businesses. I will now briefly review the results of each business unit. In memory, results declined versus the prior quarter as ASP edged lower. Bit growth for the quarter came in below guidance as, considering our low inventory levels and the market outlook, we refrained from excessive bit shipment efforts. Compared to last year, results improved significantly, driven by solid demand across overall applications as well as increases in our advanced node portion and ASP. In foundry, even though increased overall supply resulted in a new high for revenue, profitability decreased slightly quarter-on-quarter due to a rise in costs associated with advanced processes. On a year-on-year basis, results improved due to the start of operations at the S5 fab in conjunction with price adjustments. In display, earnings continued to improve for the mobile panel business, driven by a continuation of solid demand from key customers' new smartphones and increased sales in new application areas. However, the large panel business saw its losses widen considerably due to declines in LCD ASPs and initial costs related to QD display. For the MX business, revenue increased slightly, led by expanded sales of premium products such as foldables and solid sales of device ecosystem products. Profit decreased quarter-on-quarter due to an increase in year-end marketing costs, including for foldables, but increased year-on-year. For network, results improved sequentially as revenue grew both at home and abroad. In the C business, composed of visual display and digital appliances, we delivered record high quarterly revenue on the back of strong sales of premium products during year-end seasonality, but profits declined slightly quarter-on-quarter amid rising costs, including for logistics. Regarding currency effects, negatives from overall weakness in major emerging currencies against the Korean won, mainly affecting the finished product businesses, were eclipsed by positives from a strong dollar, which mainly affects the DS division. The net result was a positive impact of approximately 300 billion won on operating profit compared to the previous quarter. Next, I would like to share our business outlook. In the first quarter, for semiconductor businesses, memory will actively address a projected recovery of demand and foundry will push to stabilize yield and increase supply of key components for flagship products. Our finished product businesses will focus on maintaining solid profitability by strengthening leadership in premium segments with launches of new smartphones and TVs. In memory, although there are lingering uncertainties, we will concentrate on optimizing our business portfolio, including through increased sales of advanced node products to support the server and PC demand recovery, and also via sales growth of high value-add products. For system LSI, we will focus on supplying essential SOCs and CISs for our key customers' flagship products. And for foundry, we will continue to prioritize expanding supply by improving production and yield at advanced processes. In display, despite weak seasonality for smartphones, we expect the mobile panel business to deliver improved results year-on-year, driven by releases of new smartphones by major customers and an expansion of the foldable display customer base. In the large panel business, losses are likely to be partially mitigated with the mass production of QD display. In the MX business, despite supply constraints, we expect to deliver revenue and profit growth as well as solid margin, led by releases of new flagship models, expanded sales of 5G smartphones for the mass market, and increased sales of tablets and wearables. For network, we target to win new opportunities from European and other global customers. For C businesses, amid weak seasonality for TVs and a predicted dip in demand for home appliances, we will endeavor to improve profitability by focusing on sales of premium products, expanding our new category product lineup, and increasing the portion of online sales. Now let's move on to the outlook for 2022. Under expectations of a recovery in global IT demand, our component businesses will increase their advanced node portion of production and enhance leadership in next-generation products and technology. And in the finished product businesses, we will continue to strengthen our leadership and lineups in premium segments as we strive to create new user experiences by enhancing connectivity and synergies between our devices. However, challenges associated with supply issues and COVID-19 are likely to persist. During this year, we will also promote partnerships, secure technology, and execute investments to gain leadership in future growth areas such as 5G, AI, cloud, IoT, and the metaverse. For the memory business, we expect demand to increase as enterprises ramp up IT investments, though there are uncertainties such as the extent to which supply issues will ease. In accordance, we will continue to enhance our leadership by expanding supply of high-performance products and increasing application of our industry-leading EUV technology. System LSI will grow its business by reinforcing its lineup of SOCs, including models targeting the 5G volume zone. And Foundry aims to outpace market growth by extending our technology leadership with

mass production of the first generation GAA process, along with increasing supply to global customers. For display, in the mobile panel business, we expect demand for OLED to continue to increase based on rising penetration of 5G and growth of the foldable market. And we will further strengthen the foundation for stable growth by expanding OLED into new application areas as well. The large panel business will work to secure technology leadership in the premium segment with QD display, while it closes the LCD lines as planned. The MX business targets increasing market share by concentrating on innovations in flagship products, further differentiating user experiences, and also expanding our mass market 5G smartphone lineup. Moreover, we will seek to grow sales of device ecosystem products by enhancing the value delivered to customers. For network, we will focus on capturing 5G network demand and winning new global customers, all as we continue to further strengthen our technologies, including custom development of core 5G chips. For C businesses, we will further solidify our market leadership and pursue growth by continuing to expand sales of premium product lines such as Neo QLED and Bespoke, and by diversifying the overall lineup with lifestyle and new home appliance products. Next, I would like to share some of our key activities and achievements in sustainability management. At the CES keynote address on January 4th, we outlined our eco-friendly initiatives for a sustainable future. We believe that consumers and companies together can contribute to a better future by embracing sustainable products. To this end, we unveiled a range of ambitious eco-friendly activities. For example, in manufacturing displays, including for TVs, we are using 30 times more recycled plastic this year than we did last year. And we are moving toward incorporating recycled materials in all mobile products and home appliances by 2025. In addition, our company ranked fourth in the Digital Inclusion Benchmark, as announced in December by the World Benchmarking Alliance, a global alliance dedicated to sustainability management. We earned this accolade thanks to our strong support for the technology innovation ecosystem through C-Lab Outside, an initiative aimed at nurturing startups in Korea, as well as disclosing our AI ethics principles centering on equity, transparency, and responsibility. Furthermore, we participated in a pilot project organized by Korea's Ministry of Environment to reduce worksite waste. And on December 31st, our Gihum campus received top honors for its efforts, which included strengthening recycling programs in offices, establishing a standard for minimizing the packaging for raw and semi-processed materials, and expanding recycling of waste materials. Our work in this area demonstrates our commitment to creating environmental and social value in addition to achieving growth. And we will continue to strengthen our ESG management by fulfilling our social responsibility as a leading global company. Let me now move on to capital expenditures. The annual CapEx for 2021 was 48.2 trillion won, with 43.6 trillion won invested in semiconductor and 2.6 trillion won in display. By business, memory concentrated its investments on capacity expansions and process migrations at fabs in Pyeongtaek and Xi'an to address demand for advanced nodes, including EUV-based 15 nanometer DRAM and 6th generation VNAND, as well as on infrastructure at P3. Investments in memory increased year on year as we are at the lead of an inflection point in technology and are thus preemptively investing in application of next generation technologies such as EUV. We are executing the investments with a focus on technology leadership, and as a result, we can maintain an efficient investment level when considering our bit share from a mid to long-term perspective. For foundry, investments concentrated on capacity expansions for advanced 5 nanometer EUV nodes in Pyeongtaek. Display investments centered on mobile modules and QD display. Finally, let me address the shareholder return. The Board of Directors today approved a quarterly dividend of 361 won per share for common stock and 362 won per share for preferred stock. The total payout for the fourth quarter is approximately 2.45 trillion won, which is in line with the totals in 2021's previous quarters. This represents one-fourth of the annual total of 9.8 trillion won in accordance with the current shareholder return policy. The dividend will be paid after final approval at the annual general meeting of shareholders. When we announced the current three-year shareholder return policy in January of last year, we said that we will disclose the annual free cash flow each year to enhance clarity on the shareholder return pool. And if 50 percent of the free cash flow significantly exceeds the annual dividend, we would consider an earlier return. The total free cash flow for 2021 was 19.6 trillion won, 50 percent of which is approximately 9.8 trillion won. Considering the annual projected annual dividend for 2021 is also 9.8 trillion won, there was no additional pool for an earlier return. While we achieved solid results in 2021, as I mentioned earlier, we required a considerable amount of CapEx to accelerate migration to next-generation technologies in memory and to secure competitiveness in foundry. And there were also impacts of increased working capital, such as the need to secure additional inventory amid uncertainties of component supply. Although we did not generate a surplus in 2021, we believe our efforts will lead to significant future growth and contribute to increasing shareholder value. In 2022, we will once again step up our efforts to improve our performance by extending our product and technology leadership, increasing cost competitiveness, and improving profitability while also enhancing capital management efficiency. I will now turn the conference call over to the gentleman from each business unit to present fourth quarter performances and outlooks for their corresponding business segment. We will start with the memory business. Thank you. Good morning. This is Han Jin-man from Memory Global Sales and Marketing Office. The fourth quarter memory demand, centered on server, remained solid, but our performance declined somewhat compared to the previous quarter due to a continuation of global supply chain issues, a slight drop in ASP, and payment of one-off special incentives. We came in below initial bid growth guidance as we refrained from making excessive bid shipments in consideration of our limited inventory conditions and also the market outlook. In DRAM, impacts on set build from global supply chain issues differed by degree but were felt throughout all applications. But server, however, demand remained strong thanks to an increase in DRAM content per box, an increased adoption of high-core CPUs amid a continuation of solid end demand. For graphics, graphics card supply shortage remained as demand stayed robust, backed by strong demand for gaming PCs along with rising demand for crypto mining. PC and mobile have felt relatively more effects of set build disruptions caused by component supply issues. For PC, consumers continued their tendency to adjust inventory. In mobile, major smartphone manufacturers released new 5G models, but concurrent risks such as the spread of a COVID variant impacted memory demand to some extent. Based on preemptive product mix adjustment, we actively addressed an increase in server and graphics demand. And to enhance competitiveness, we continued to increase our cutting-edge portion of processes. Even so, we were below bid growth guidance as we tried to optimize supply plan considering our inventory condition and market outlook. Next, I will talk about the NAND market. For server SSD, fundamental demand from major data center customers was robust, but there were some market effects related to disruptions in the IC component supply chain. Demand for client SSD was somewhat stagnant because of inventory adjustment by some customers and set build disruptions caused by component supply issues. In the case of mobile, supply and demand of APs were disrupted and memory demand fell slightly. But the high-density trend continued thanks to impact

of peak and year seasonality. We focused on optimizing sales such as reducing wafer shipments as well as strengthening high value solution businesses in consideration of our inventory situation, while identifying impacts on production caused by changes in line operations due to the lockdown in Xi'an. In addition, we continued to strengthen our competitiveness by increasing our cutting edge portion of processes and by expanding the server business via actively addressing growth in high end, high capacity demand. Now let me share the outlook for the first quarter. In the case of DRAM, some uncertainties are likely to persist, but we expect issues related to component supply and demand to dissipate gradually. We are seeing signs of improvements in set builds, mainly by server MPCs. For server, we expect demand to remain strong thanks to the high density trend alongside increasing investment centering on data centers, while the high core CPU portion continues to increase. As demand for PC improves, mainly for corporate oriented high end laptops, demand will increase for cutting edge products such as DDR5. And as some customers complete inventory adjustment, we think impacts of slow seasonality will partially ease. For mobile, we expect the demand base to be reasonably solid as major manufacturers launch products based on new form factors and increase the portion of LPDDR5. However, risks such as operation restrictions at some production sites due to the spread of COVID variant need to be carefully monitored. We will keep working to maximize the quality of our business portfolio by selling products of our cutting edge node and expanding sales of high value products while actively addressing customer demand from overall applications. In NAND, for server SSD, we expect demand for server builds to be robust thanks to continuing investment mainly data centers. We should keep an eye on corporate demand along with the spread of COVID variants. In the PC market, we think build demand will recover mainly for laptops along with gradual improvements in component supply issues. And for mobile, despite being amid slow seasonality, we expect the high density trend for storage to persist as manufacturers launch new 5G models. We plan to minimize risk of supply disruptions by securing a diverse product portfolio centered on high value products while returning to normal production operation after the lockdown in Xi'an being lifted. Now let's move on to the full year outlook. Under the risk of demand fluctuations such as ones related to the pace of mitigation of component supply constraint as well as chances of prolonged effects of a COVID-19 variant, we ask for your understanding in that it is difficult to provide specific annual bit growth guidance. Therefore, I'd like to share our view of the market situation for each application. First for server, DM content per box is projected to keep rising thanks to the adoption of new CPUs supporting DDR5 and the expansion of AI-oriented servers centered on data centers. In addition, coupled with the expansion of investment by major companies, set field demand deferred by last year's component issues should lead to solid set field growth. On the other hand, for PCs, we need to monitor detailed impacts on demand as a delayed return to daily life triggered by a new variant would impact demand from contactless services such as education, gaming, and others. Amid an expected increase in replacement demand, a content per box due to the spread of a new OS. For mobile, with the resumption of 5G infrastructure investment by countries and the strengthening of 5G lineups by manufacturers, content per box is likely to keep rising, focusing on major manufacturers. And set shipments centering on low to mid-price models are also anticipated to rise amid growth in emerging markets. Based on preemptively managing our product mix to align with market conditions, we will proactively address market demand by expanding our supply portion of high-performance products such as HBM for graphic and cutting-edge interfaces like DDR5 and LPDDR5. Based on high-value solution-oriented portfolio management and our industry-leading EUV capabilities, we will focus on qualitative growth through stable, continual cost reductions and strengthened market leadership. Good morning. This is Kenny Han from the System LSI Business. In the fourth quarter last year, we reached a record high for quarterly revenue, driven by an increase in demand for SoCs, DVIs, and PMICs as major mobile customers launched new flagship products. However, operating profit fell slightly due to the influence of special bonuses. To improve our performance even further in the coming quarter, we have started supplying our flagship 4nm SoC featuring an AMD GPU for the first time, as well as related products. In addition, our 108MP image sensors have been increasingly selected by our customers for adoption in their upcoming major models. In the first quarter this year, effects of year-end weak seasonality for the mobile industry and inventory adjustment by Chinese set companies are likely to continue. But demand for OLED DVI, NFC, ESE, and PMIC products is expected to stay strong. As major customers launch flagship smartphones, we plan to focus on expanding supply of SoCs with significantly improved GPU, NPU capabilities, as well as ultra-high resolution image sensors. In 2022, by maximizing supply of volume zone 5G SoCs and technologically leading 108 and 200MP sensors, we expect revenue growth to accelerate year-on-year while profitability should rise on the back of a price adjustment. Thank you. Good morning. This is Eunsu Kang from the Foundry Business. In the fourth quarter, we outpaced industry growth and set a new high for Q4 revenue. In particular, we continued to increase sales to large-scale HPC customers and also established a base for future growth by securing orders from new large customers in HPC applications. In addition, we worked to improve our response to customer demand with efforts to stabilize the global supply chain, confirming new fab investments in Taylor, USA, and in Korea. However, there have also been as we were unable to fully satisfy customer demand amid the supply disruption and profitability fell slightly due to delay in ramping of advanced nodes. In the first quarter of 2022, we expect the industry to remain in tight supply across all nodes and our advanced node portion, which increased significantly from Q4, to keep rising. Given this, we will focus on improving yield in advanced process nodes to enhance our supply stability and profitability. To strengthen our technology leadership, we will complete the qualification of first generation GAA process 3GAE for mass production in the first half of this year and we will continue to develop the second generation GAA process 3GAP as scheduled. For the foundry market in 2022, we expect supply to remain tight due to rapid penetration of 5G technology, solid HPC demand, growing outsourcing by IDMs, and the need to build up safety inventory amid prolonged pandemic. We will continue our technology leadership through mass production of the 3GAE process in the first half and we aim to exceed market growth on a full year basis by expanding capacity of advanced nodes, normalizing prices to ensure future investment, and adding new customers to our global client base. Thank you. Good morning. I'm Gwon Young Choi from the Business Planning Department at Samsung Display. In the fourth quarter, the mobile display business sustained upward trend in earnings following the previous quarter, backed by robust sales of smartphones with OLED displays, which are now mainstream in the premium segment, and also by the competitiveness and stability of Samsung Display's supply chain management. In addition to smartphones, sales and revenues of products for notebook PCs and gaming increased steeply quarter on quarter, contributing to our earnings growth. Meanwhile, in the large display business,

we have successfully mass-produced and delivered our QD displays for TVs and monitors, which have garnered positive reviews from our customers. Next, let me share the outlook for the first quarter of 2022. For the mobile display business, we project that release of our new products by major customers and increasing adoption of flexible displays will mitigate with effects of weak seasonality. However, given persistent supply issues for some components, concerns linger over potential short supply of certain products such as DDIs. For the large display business, with the QD display TVs and monitors having made their official market debut, we expect losses to narrow gradually. Finally, I will share our outlook for the display market and Samsung Display's core strategies for 2022. For the mobile display business, despite projected macro risks such as ones related to the FAD tapering as well as the Omicron variant of COVID-19, we expect adoption of OLED displays to keep expanding this year, driven by rising penetration of 5G smartphones and the growth of foldable display markets. Such market trend should create a favorable business environment for Samsung Display. As for the IT market, we expect growth to slow compared to last year and rising sales in the premium segment are likely to accelerate penetration of OLED displays. We plan to strike a balance in the mobile display business structure with both flexible and rigid OLED. To that end, we plan to expand adoption of flexible OLED to more than just high-end devices by providing its astounding technological capabilities to the mid-range segments as well. We'll also diversify applications for rigid OLED ranging from IT to gaming to automotive based on our unrivaled production capacity and cost competitiveness. For the larger display business, we expect ultra-large displays and differentiated products to drive solid demand for premium TVs and will focus on securing leadership in the premium TV and monitor segments through QD displays. Thank you. Good morning. This is Song-Uk Kim from the MX business. I would like to discuss the Q4 2021 results and outlook for the MX and network business. In Q4 2021, the market grew compared to the previous quarter due to year-end seasonality. As for the MX business, despite the component supply shortage, revenue increased slightly QoQ. In particular, in the new market that we created with an innovative form factor, our foldable G series models G43 and G Flip3 have garnered positive feedback for their enhanced design, durability, and user experience that are tailored to foldable. This contributed to increased sales and we believe foldables are smoothly entering the mainstream. Also, the Galaxy S series maintained sales momentum thanks to active marketing and even further enhanced user experience with the new One UI 4.0. Accordingly, our premium smartphone sales increased QoQ. Solid sales of our device ecosystem products, including PCs, tablets, and wearable devices with their enhanced and seamless connected experience, also contributed to the performance. In the meantime, investments in active marketing to mainstream foldables and preparations to launch new models in Q1 2022 affected profitability to some degree. The network business improved its performance compared to the previous quarter, driven by the growth of domestic and overseas business. Now let me give you the outlook for Q1 2022. Demand for smartphone and tablets is expected to decrease due to seasonality as well as uncertainty surrounding component supply. In our MX business, we will strive to expand the customer base for our flagship products by fulfilling customer needs with the Galaxy S21 FE, which preserves core user experience of Galaxy S21 and comes in a diverse range of color options all at an affordable price. Also, a new Galaxy S series model featuring the best Galaxy performance and experience will enhance customer retention of our premium products. In turn, this will lift the standard for flagship products even higher and contribute to increased sales of our flagship smartphones as well as an increase in overall smartphone ASP. Also, our competitive 5G lineup for the mass market will act as a volume driver by addressing replacement demand and thus actively seize growth opportunities in the market. In addition, we will continue to focus on increasing sales of our device ecosystem products such as wearables, PCs, and tablets by actively promoting the enhanced competitiveness and seamless connected experience across the product line. With these efforts, we will strive to secure solid profitability in Q1 2022 amid an unstable component supply situation. The network business aims to secure additional new contracts in the global markets, including from Europe. Next, let me provide an outlook for 2022. Despite current uncertainties, including prolonged pandemic and component supply issues, we expect the smartphone market to continue to grow in 2022 following substantial growth in 2021, while the wearable market is projected to see strong double-digit growth. In our MX business, we will continue to pursue user experience-driven innovation to solidify leadership in the flagship market. We will also strengthen the tailored experience of each product, including the ultimate flagship experience with the Galaxy S series and optimized Galaxy G series experience to cater to various lifestyles and needs of our customers. In the mass market, we will not only strengthen our 5G lineup, but also expand the application of our convenient and differentiated experience and enhanced product completeness. With these efforts, we aim to increase our smartphone market share. Also, we will keep enhancing customer value by continually adding to our differentiated user experience, which includes consistent and convenient connected experience across devices in our device ecosystem, and by further strengthening product competitiveness. Furthermore, we will expand such convenient connected experience beyond MX products to TVs and home appliances to enrich the value that our customers experience in daily lives. By doing so, we will strive to achieve material growth in 2022 and bolster profitability with an improved product mix and enhanced operational efficiency. The network business will focus on actively expanding its overseas business, while also responding to extension of the 5G network in the domestic market. Also, we will thoroughly prepare for the future with continual efforts to strengthen our technology and competitiveness, including our own 5G chipset. Thank you for your attention. Good morning. I'm Aftijang from the Sales and Marketing Team of Digital Appliances, and I will address business conditions of C business. First, I would like to review the market conditions and our performance in the first quarter of 2021. The TV market grew quarter-on-quarter amid peak seasonality, but decreased compared to the previous year when it was affected by its strong pent-up demand. By working closely with the channel partner in advance, Samsung preemptively targeted seasonal demand starting at end of October and expanded sales mainly of high-value products such as Neo-QLED models and lifestyle screens. However, operating profit decreased slightly quarter-on-quarter due to cost-to-pressure such as global logistics issues. For digital appliances in the first quarter, market growth slowed due to diminishing effect of pent-up demand, and material and logistic costs stayed on an uptrend seen in the previous quarter. Samsung actively addressed various consumer needs, and we improved our mix via increasing sales with a focus of premium products such as Bespoke and new category products. In addition, through improving our operational efficiency and reducing costs, we achieved better results compared to the previous quarter.

We achieved a better result compared to the previous quarter despite the numerous risks in the external environment. Now, let us look at the outlook for the first quarter of 2022 and 2022 as a whole. We expect the overall TV market in Q1 to decrease quarter-on-quarter following the year-end peak season and also coming lower compared to the same period last year when it was affected by a continuation of a strong effect of pent-up demand, mainly advanced markets. We plan to push expanded sales by capturing demand, mainly for premium products, by actively leveraging a number of promotional opportunities such as those associated with major sporting events. Furthermore, we will lead the market by strengthening sales in the lifestyle queen category, including the freestyle, which was released in CES this year and improved our results. For digital appliances in the first quarter, we expect demand for home appliances to decline slightly year-on-year. Also, we expect to continue to feel the impact of increases in logistics and material costs. We will target the premium market more aggressively by expanding the bespoke lineup, mainly in advanced markets such as North America and Europe. Also, we plan to expand sales by providing our customers with a differentiated experience, offering significantly expanded consumer contact points, both online and offline. In addition, we will secure profitability by continuing to improve our cost efficiency throughout our operations. Regarding the TV market in 2022, we expect market uncertainties to persist, including those triggered by COVID-19 and external issues involving supply and logistics. However, we also expect demand to keep rising for premium and super big TVs. Samsung will focus on targeting demand for an increasing phase of innovative premium products, including our next-gen MicroLED and NeoQLED models. At the same time, we will strengthen our sales of lifestyle screens, our own differentiated product line, and expand the TV accessory ecosystem, while also providing differentiated user experience and creating new demand through various services and smart hubs, which is optimized for in-home activities like media and gaming. In the digital appliance market in 2022, market growth of home appliances will probably be sluggish year-on-year, but we expect to see demand edge off for the new category products that reflect changing lifestyle trends and also slight demand growth in emerging markets. We'll continue to grow by strengthening global sales via expanding the areas of the offer with differentiated bespoke products, also by expanding lineups by region. And to lead the market, we'll keep launching new category products that reflect changing consumer needs. Furthermore, by expanding use of modular products and thus increasing productivity, we'll enhance operational efficiency and also secure supply continuity to preemptively manage future external risks. Thank you. That sums up the fourth quarter results presentations. Before we move on to the Q&A session, I would like to share several data points in key business areas. Considering the heightened macro uncertainties, we will not be providing annual guidance at this time. In the fourth quarter, for DRAM, our bid growth decreased by a percentage in the mid-single digits, and ASP declined by a similar magnitude. In the first quarter of 2022, we expect market bid growth to fall by low single-digit percentage, and we should be similar to the market. For NAND, in the fourth quarter, both our bid growth and ASP declined in the low single-digit percentage range. For the first quarter of 2022, we expect market bid growth to decrease by a low single-digit, and our bid growth should slightly outperform the market. In the display business, in the fourth quarter, our OLED portion of sales was in the high 90% range, and OLED sales volume grew by a low single-digit percentage. Turning to wireless, sales volume in the fourth quarter was approximately 72 million units for handsets and 7 million units for tablets, with a blended ASP of US$253. The smartphone portion of handset sales volume was in the mid-90% range. For the first quarter of 2022, we expect to see sequential increases in handset and tablet sales volume, as well as in blended ASP. The smartphone portion of handset sales should stay similar in the mid-90s. In the TV business, in the fourth quarter of 2021, sales volume grew by a percentage approaching the mid-teens, and in this quarter, we expect sales volume to decline by a low single-digit percentage. With that, I will now move on to the Q&A session. First, we will start taking questions from the conference call. The first question will be presented by JJ Park from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead with your question. 질문 기회 감사드립니다. 두 가지 질문이 있는데요. 아까 메모리 케펙스 부분에 메모리 케펙스가 작년에 증가됐다고 했는데 혹시 DRAM이랑 NAND 포션이 어떻게 됐는지 말씀해주면 감사드리겠고요. 그리고 올해 전체적인 메모리랑 반도체 케펙스 가이던스 부탁드리겠습니다. 두 번째는 셰어홀더 리턴 관련된 건데요. 작년에 프리케시플로우 반 정도를 저희 디비던드 페이에서 잔여 재원이 없었던 것 같은데 순연금은 지금 100조가 넘는 수준이어서 혹시 셰어홀더 리턴이 업사이드가 있는 게 아닌가, 작년 건 아니지만 올해를 봤을 때 셰어홀더 리턴 폴리시에 대해서 추가적으로 고려하신 사항이 있으시면 말씀 부탁드리겠습니다. 감사합니다. I have two questions. The first question is about the memory capex. You said that the memory capex last year increased. Can you give us that divided into the NAND versus the DRAM related capex spending last year? Also, can you give us some guidance for capex memory this year? Second question is about the shareholder return. During the presentation, you mentioned that 50% of the free cash flow for last year is roughly the same as the distributable profits for this year, and therefore there would not be any additional pool of funds available for shareholder return. But I also noticed that the company does have on hand more than 100 trillion won of net cash. And so maybe not last year, but perhaps this year, can we expect any upside on the shareholder return? Is the company considering its net cash size when it decides shareholder return for this year? 네, 투자 관련 답변 드리겠습니다. 저희 21년도 메모리 투자 금액은 20년 대비 증가 수준으로 마감되었고요. 구체적인 브레이크다운은 어렵지만 DRAM과 NAND 모두 전체 투자에서 설비 투자 비중이 좀 높은 편이었습니다. 이렇게 설비 투자가 증가한 건 연초 전망을 상회하는 수요 증가에 대응하려고 저희가 선단공정 증설을 했고요. 그다음에 공정전환 투자를 집행한 점이고요. 기술 변경점을 먼저 맞이하면서 EUV 같은 고가의 차세대 기술에 대한 선제적 투자 이걸 집행된 것이 주요 원인이었습니다. 그리고 이건 시황의 연계에서 탄력적인 설비 투자를 집행하겠다고 했던 저희의 기존 기조가 일치합니다. To explain the reasons why there was an increase in CAPEX, mainly it's explained by how we have expanded our advanced node-related equipment and also invested more in the node migration in order to respond to the increasing demand that was above what was expected during the start of last year. Also, another main reason for our CAPEX is our preemptive investments that we're making in next-generation technology such as EUV as we go through a technology inflection point. But this all is consistent with our CAPEX policy of executing CAPEX

is consistent with our CapEx policy of executing CapEx equipment investments flexibly in line with the market situation. 그리고 이렇게 탄력적인 설비 투자를 통해서 저희가 공급 및 그로스는 시장 수요에 부합하는 수준이라고 보고 있고요. 업계를 선도하는 기술 기반으로 그로스를 저희가 추구하는데 중장기적인 관점에서는 저희 투자 규모가 빛 규모를 감안해봤을 때도 크지 않은 수준으로 유지되고 있습니다. And so we believe that the supply bid growth that we are achieving is in line with the market demand levels because we execute flexibly our equipment-related investments. We do pursue bid growth around the leading technology nodes, and I think that is why compared to at least the bid share that we have, our investment size in a mid to long-term perspective is not high. 그리고 20비년 투자에 대해서 조금 말씀드리자면 아직 기본적으로 다양한 불확실성이 존재하고 있어서 구체적인 투자 계획은 저희가 지속 논의하고 있습니다만 저희는 기존 투자 기조를 유지하고 빛 그로스는 투자와 생산성 이 두 개의 최적화를 통해서 진행할 예정입니다. 그리고 부품 공급망 이슈가 있는데 저희 설비 반입 시점이 기존 예정보다 길어지는 추세가 있어서 이 부분도 고려해서 투자 계획 수립하고 집행할 예정입니다. You've also asked for some guidance for CapEx this year. Actually, given the various uncertainties, we are still actually discussing specific investment plans for this year, but our basic approach is that we will tap both investments and productivity improvements in order to generate the bid growth this year. Also, as we prepare the planning and execution of our investment plans, we are aware that there is a tendency of equipment delivery lead times getting longer due to the supply chain issue. 두 번째 질문은 IR에서 답변드리겠습니다. 저희가 작년 초에 2021년에서 2023년까지 3개년의 주주하는 정책을 발표했을 때 글로벌 불확실성과 향후 현금 소유증가 전망 등을 고려해서 정책을 수립했다고 말씀드린 바가 있습니다. 그리고 지금 그로부터 1년이 지난 현재 저희가 상황을 봤을 때 사실 글로벌 불확실성은 생각했던 것보다도 오히려 더욱 증대되었고 현금 소유는 당초 예상한 대로 증가해서 사실 지난해 실적 개선에 있었지만 순현금은 재작년 말 대비 작년 말이 거의 변화가 없었습니다. To answer your second question, when the three-year shareholder return policy that was announced early last year covering periods of 2021 to 2023 actually took into account the global uncertainties and the expected increase of cash needs for the company. Now looking back at the past one year, the global uncertainty actually was more aggravated than we had anticipated and cash needs increased as expected. And so even though last year the business results improved, our net cash position has stayed almost the same. 그리고 저희는 IT 업계 최대 최고 수준의 글로벌 생산망을 직접 운영하고 있기 때문에 필요한 운전 자본 규모가 굉장히 큰 상황이고 그리고 작년에 또한 오스틴하고 시안 팹에서 예상치도 못했던 생산 차질도 겪었습니다. 또한 아울러 지속적인 성장을 위해서 인오가닉 그로스에 대한 투자를 집행할 여력도 저희는 계속 유지하고 있어야 된다고 생각합니다. On the other hand, as you know, we operate the largest and the highest level of a global production network in the IT industry, which requires a large scale of operating capital. Last year we also went through some unexpected production disruptions in Austin and the Xi'an fabs. Also, we always need to keep the capabilities to execute inorganic growth opportunities in order to maintain consistent growth. 그래서 이런 재반사안들을 전반적으로 고려했을 때 보수적인 현금 운용이 아직도 필요하다고 생각되기 때문에 현 시점에서 주주하는 정책에 큰 변화를 주는 것은 적절치 않아 보입니다. 단, 저희는 보다 효율적인 캡슐 매니지먼트에 대해서는 계속 고민을 할 것입니다. 감사합니다. So considering all of those factors, the company believes it is not appropriate at this point to bring any major changes to its shareholder return policy, given the fact that conservative cash operation is necessary. Now that said, raising the efficiency of its capital management is something that the company continues to focus on. 다음 질문 받겠습니다. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 다이와 증권의 김성규 님입니다. The next question will be presented by 성규 김 from 다이와 Capital Market. Please go ahead with your question. 안녕하세요. 질문 기회 주셔서 감사합니다. 저는 메모리 쪽 그리고 가전 쪽에 한 가지씩 질문이 있습니다. 우선 메모리는 클린룸의 제약에 관련된 이슈인데요. 올해 당사는 DRAM 쪽에서 특히 클린룸 스페이스 공간 제약이 있을 것으로 예상이 되는데요. 현재 낮은 재고 수준을 감안했을 때 그럼 DRAM의 출하량, 출하량 빅그로스 측면에서 올해 시장 및 경쟁사의 어떤 성장률을 하회할 가능성이 있을 것으로 보입니다. 연말에 경영진도 전환이 있던지만 이러한 부분에 대한 회사의 의견 그리고 대응 전략이 있으시면 공유 부탁드리겠습니다. 가전 관련해서는 원가 상승 관련 이슈입니다. 최근에 원자재 그리고 물류비 인상 이슈로 원가 측면에서 부담이 급격하게 높아진 것 같은데요. 이러한 상황이 언제까지 이어질 것으로 보시는지 우리 삼성전자의 가전사업에 영향 그리고 이에 대한 어떤 특별한 대응 전략이 있으신지 말씀 부탁드리겠습니다. My first question is about the DRAM clean room space. Looking at the information, you may actually have a limited clean room space for your DRAM this year. Also, your inventory levels are relatively low. This may imply that you may actually, in terms of BIF growth, underperform the market or your competitors on the DRAM side. There was a change of management at the end of last year. Considering all of that, can you share your opinion regarding the clean room space limitations and how you plan to respond to that? The second question is about the CE business. There is overall cost increasing factors, including raw material prices and logistics costs increasing. First of all, can you share from the company's perspective until when do you think the situation will continue? What will be the implications to your CE business and how do you plan to respond? 클린룸 관련 답변 드리겠습니다. 시장 수요 성장에 대응하기 위한 클린룸 확보, 이건 정말 저희 메모리 사업부의 중요한 투자 전략 중 하나입니다. 클린룸은 투입되는 금액이 규모 자체도 크고 고려해야 되는 사항도 다양하기 때문에 3, 4년의 중장기적인 관점으로 그런 관점을 바탕으로 해서 의사결정이 되어야 하고요. 올해의 경우에는 현재까지 예상되는 수요 대응에 큰 문제는 없을 거다 이렇게 생각하고 있습니다. To answer your first question about the clean room, of course securing enough clean room in order to meet the demand growth in the market is one of the key critical investment strategies for the memory division. Clean rooms is actually quite large investment and many factors need to be considered. So deciding a clean room investment is a decision that should be made based on a midterm, at least a three to four year horizon perspective. Looking towards this year, at the current levels, we do not expect any major problems in meeting the demand that's expected in the market this year. 원자재 물류비 관련해서 상업화정 부분에서 답변 드리겠습니다. 현재 원자재 물류비 상승은 물류 수요가 높은 가운데서 오미크론 등 변이가 발생하면서 선박 선단 인력이 부족해지고 인플레이션적으로 원자재 강세가 이어짐에 따른 것으로 보고 있습니다. 삼성스피치에서 말씀드린 것처럼 22년에도 재료비 물류비 증가 리스크가 지속될 것으로 예상됩니다. To answer your question about the heightened cost base for the consumer electronics business, of course there are many reasons that are driving the elevated level of raw material and logistic prices. There's large demand for logistics, but there is a shortage of workers to man the ships and the ports, and there is overall inflation driving an upward trend of raw material prices. As we mentioned during the presentation, the company does expect this heightened level of raw material and logistics cost risk to continue throughout this year. 당사는 대외환경 변화에 선제적으로 대응하기 위해서 각 제조 거점별 경쟁력을 면밀하게 점검하고 있습니다. 이를 통해서 지역 생산 효율성을 높이고 오퍼레이션 개선 등으로 전체 공급 경쟁력 제고를 추진하겠습니다. 또한 판매 측면에서도 비스포크를 포함한 프리미엄 제품 판매를 확대하고 품 가전 등 신모델을 지속적으로 출시하여 시장 변화를 선도하면서 매출 성장을 가속화하도록 하겠습니다. In response to this assumption of heightened risk, first of all, we are thoroughly analyzing the situation of each of our key manufacturing hubs in order to improve the overall supply competitive

기계 제조 허브를 개선하기 위해 각 지역의 생산 효율성을 높이고 전체 운영 개선을 실행하고 있습니다. 또한 프리미엄 제품의 판매를 가속화하고 지속적으로 새로운 모델을 출시함으로써 매출 성장을 가속화할 준비를 하고 있습니다. 답변 감사합니다. 다음 질문 받겠습니다. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 CT그룹의 이세철 님입니다. The next question will be presented by Peter Lee from CT Group. Please go ahead with your question. 네, 안녕하세요. CT그룹 이세철입니다. 저는 메모리하고 모바일 쪽 질문 드리겠습니다. 먼저 메모리 쪽 질문 드리겠는데요. 견조한 메모리 수요에도 불구하고 4분기 삼성전자 메모리 출하량이 가이던스 및 경쟁사 대비 DRAM 램도 모두 하회했는데요. 이에 대한 배경이 좀 궁금하고요. 작년 2분기 상황을 감안하면 매우 이례적인 것이라고 보여지는데 연말 경영진 교체와 함께 회사의 전략 변화가 있었는지 회사의 전략 변화의 가능성에 대해서 의견 부탁드리겠습니다. 두 번째는 모바일 쪽인데요. 최근 시장에서 2022년 스마트폰 시장 전망에 대해서 많은 관심을 갖고 있습니다. 삼성전자가 보는 올해 스마트폰 수요 전망은 어떤지 궁금하고요. 그리고 올해 삼성전자 스마트폰 판매가 시장 성장을 상회해서 마켓쉐어를 확대할 수 있을지에 대해서 의견 부탁드리겠습니다. 제 첫 번째 질문은 메모리 쪽에 대한 질문입니다. 전체 메모리 수요는 지난해 4분기 삼성전자 메모리 출하량이 가이던스 및 경쟁사 대비 DRAM 램도 모두 하회했는데요. 이에 대한 배경이 궁금하고요. 작년 2분기 상황을 감안하면 매우 이례적인 것이라고 보여지는데 연말 경영진 교체와 함께 회사의 전략 변화가 있었는지 회사의 전략 변화의 가능성에 대해서 의견 부탁드리겠습니다. 두 번째는 모바일 쪽인데요. 최근 시장에서 2022년 스마트폰 시장 전망에 대해서 많은 관심을 갖고 있습니다. 삼성전자가 보는 올해 스마트폰 수요 전망은 어떤지 궁금하고요. 그리고 올해 삼성전자 스마트폰 판매가 시장 성장을 상회해서 마켓쉐어를 확대할 수 있을지에 대해서 의견 부탁드리겠습니다. 4분기 메모리 출하량이 가이던스 하회한 부분에 대해서 먼저 말씀드리겠습니다. 지난 4분기에 서버중심 수요 견조세는 지속되었거든요. 그러나 글로벌 공급망 이슈가 예상보다는 장기화되고 고객사별로 정도의 차이가 있지만 셋트 생산에 차질이 있었어요. 그래서 이런 부분이 메모리 수요에 일부 영향을 끼쳤습니다. 이런 상황에서 저희는 재고 수치 높지 않다. 그리고 시한 락다운에 따른 생산 영향 가능성 이런 것들을 고려해서 무리한 판매 확대를 자제했고요. 그래서 출하량은 비트 성장 가이던스를 하회하게 되었습니다. 저희 전략은 다른 사유보다는 최근의 시장 성질의 변화에 대한 이해를 바탕으로 한 건데요. 메모리 시장은 점점 다양한 불확실성 그리고 변수 간 상존하면서 제품 라인업이 역시 다변화되고 있습니다. 이런 시장에서 최적의 제품 믹스를 바탕으로 해서 고객이 필요로 하는 제품을 공급할 수 있는 능력 이게 제일 중요하다고 저희가 판단했고요. 장기적 관점에서는 고객들에게 안정적 공급을 할 수 있도록 전략적 선택을 한 것으로 이해해 주시면 될 것 같습니다. 감사합니다. 그 이유는 왜 우리가 그 결정을 했는지 삼성전자의 최근 시장이 변화하는 것에 대한 이해를 바탕으로 한 것입니다. 메모리 시장은 점점 다양한 불확실성 그리고 제품 라인업이 다변화되고 있습니다. 이런 시장에서 최적의 제품 믹스를 바탕으로 해서 고객이 필요로 하는 제품을 공급할 수 있는 능력 이게 제일 중요하다고 저희가 판단했고요. 장기적 관점에서는 고객들에게 안정적 공급을 할 수 있도록 전략적 선택을 한 것으로 이해해 주시면 될 것 같습니다. 감사합니다. 22년 스마트폰 시장은 21년을 이어서 폴더블 대세와 5G 본격 확산으로 성장세를 이어갈 것으로 보입니다. 저희는 플래그십은 당사만의 차별화 경험을 강화한 폴더블 G 시리즈로 슈퍼 프리미엄 사용자뿐만 아니라 MZ세대 여성 그리고 경쟁사 고객의 마음까지 사로잡아서 사용자 기반을 극대화하고 S 시리즈 신규 모델을 통해서 기존 고객 리텐션하고 S21 FE를 활용해서 프리미엄 고객 저변을 확대를 해서 플래그십 확산 및 제품 믹스 개선을 이어갈 계획입니다. 스마트폰 시장의 전망은 올해 시장의 성장세를 이어갈 것으로 보입니다. 폴더블과 5G의 성장세를 이어갈 것으로 보입니다. 플래그십 제품은 최상의 하드웨어뿐만 아니라 소프트웨어와 서비스 그리고 생태계 강화를 통한 사용자 경험 강화에 더욱 집중할 계획입니다. 또한 다양한 소비자의 라이프스타일과 니즈를 충족시키기 위해서 S 시리즈는 최고의 플래그십 경험, 폴더블 G 시리즈는 폴더블 최적화 경험, 이러한 제품별 차별화 경험을 강화하고 소비자 실질 가치에 맞는 차별화와 혁신 경험을 제공하고자 합니다. 그리고 고객 경험 기반의 마케팅 전략을 재정비하고 연중 마케팅 활동을 강화해서 브랜드의 선방성을 높이고 프리미엄 브랜드 입지를 공고히 해서 플래그십 판매량을 극대화하겠습니다. 플래그십 제품은 고객과 같이 중심으로 플래그십 제품 가치를 보다 높이기 위해서 최고 수준의 하드웨어뿐만 아니라 소프트웨어와 서비스 그리고 에코시스템 강화를 통한 사용자 경험 강화에 더욱 집중할 계획입니다. 더불어서 다양한 소비자의 라이프스타일과 니즈를 충족시키기 위해서 S 시리즈는 최고의 플래그십 경험, 폴더블 G 시리즈는 폴더블 최적화 경험, 이러한 제품별 차별화 경험을 강화하고 소비자 실질 가치에 맞는 차별화와 혁신 경험을 제공하고자 합니다. 그리고 고객 경험 기반의 마케팅 전략을 재정비하고 연중 마케팅 활동을 강화해서 브랜드의 선방성을 높이고 프리미엄 브랜드 입지를 공고히 해서 플래그십 판매량을 극대화하겠습니다. 다음 질문 받겠습니다. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 신한금융투자의 최도연 님입니다. The next question will be presented by 도연 최 from 신한인베스트먼트. Please go ahead with your question. 네, 안녕하세요. 최도연입니다. 질문 기회 주셔서 정말 감사드리고요. 저는 MX 쪽에 질문 하나 드리겠습니다. 작년에 출시된 폴더블 제품의 시장 반응이 시장 생각보다 많이 좋았던 것 같은데요. 관련해서 향후 저희 플래그십 모델에 대한 전략 방향성을 폴더블과 갤럭시 S 시리즈를 다 포함해서 설명해 주시면 감사하겠습니다. 질문은 MX 부문에 대한 질문입니다. 작년에 출시된 폴더블 제품의 시장 반응이 시장 생각보다 많이 좋았던 것 같은데요. 관련해서 향후 저희 플래그십 모델에 대한 전략 방향성을 폴더블과 갤럭시 S 시리즈를 다 포함해서 설명해 주시면 감사하겠습니다. 저희는 고객가치 중심으로 플래그십 제품 가치를 보다 높이기 위해서 최고의 수준의 하드웨어뿐만 아니라 소프트웨어와 서비스 그리고 에코시스템 강화를 통한 사용자 경험 강화에 더욱 집중할 계획입니다. 더불어서 다양한 소비자의 라이프스타일과 니즈를 충족시키기 위해서 S 시리즈는 최고의 플래그십 경험, 폴더블 G 시리즈는 폴더블 최적화 경험, 이러한 제품별 차별화 경험을 강화하고 소비자 실질 가치에 맞는 차별화와 또 혁신 경험을 제공하고자 합니다. 그리고 고객 경험 기반의 마케팅 전략을 재정비하고 연중 마케팅 활동을 강화해서 브랜드의 선방성을 높이고 프리미엄 브랜드 입지를 공고히 해서 플래그십 판매량을 극대화하겠습니다. 저희는 고객가치 중심으로 플래그십 제품 가치를 보다 높이기 위해서 최고의 수준의 하드웨어뿐만 아니라 소프트웨어와 서비스 그리고 에코시스템 강화를 통한 사용자 경험 강화에 더욱 집중할 계획입니다. 더불어서 다양한 소비자의 라이프스타일과 니즈를 충족시키기 위해서 S 시리즈는 최고의 플래그십 경험, 폴더블 G 시리즈는 폴더블 최적화 경험, 이러한 제품별 차별화 경험을 강화하고 소비자 실질 가치에 맞는 차별화와 혁신 경험을 제공하고자 합니다. 그리고 고객 경험 기반의 마케팅 전략을 재정비하고 연중 마케팅 활동

제품을 제공할 수 있도록 노력하겠습니다.

유연성과 유연한 경쟁이 더 강해지고 있습니다. 이는 어떻게 대응할 계획입니까? 첫 번째 질문에 대해서 파운드리에서 답변 드리겠습니다. 당사는 선단공정에 대한 글로벌 수요에 맞춰서 전례 없는 투자 및 개발을 진행해서 기술 리더십을 유지 중에 있습니다. 다만 공정의 미세화, 복잡도 증가로 초기 안정적 수율 확보하는 데 난이도가 상승한 것도 사실입니다. 답변 드리겠습니다. 당사는 5세대 브이낸드부터 CTF 베이스의 QLC를 채용한 제품을 서버하고 컨슈머형으로 이미 출시하고 있고요. 특히 절대적인 우위를 확보하고 있는 엔트프라이즈형 QLC SSD 시장에서 기술력을 바탕으로 해서 경쟁력 우위를 확보하고 있습니다. Yes, to answer your question, actually we have been delivering for server and consumer applications starting from the 5th generation VNAND that actually adopt the CTF QLC technology. And also we have actually maintained the technology leadership in the market, especially for the enterprise QLC SSDs. 그리고 7세대 VNAND부터는 SSD, e-storage 등 거의 모든 운영의 요구를 만족하는 기술 리더십을 확보하려고 하고요. 본격적으로 올 10QHC 시대를 준비하기 위해서 저희 파트너 업체들과의 협력을 통한 에코를 형성 중입니다. Now, for the 7th generation VNAND, our focus is on establishing a technology leadership that satisfies the demands of all applications, including SSD and e-storage. And another focus is actually creating an ecosystem through cooperation with partners in preparation of a wider adoption of QLC. 특히 7세대 VNAND QLC의 경우에는 고객사 일정, 우선순위 그리고 시장 상황에 맞춰서 저희가 출시를 결정할 예정입니다. 그리고 PC시장에 경우는 올해 이후로 점차 QLC 제품에 대한 고객들의 니즈가 점차 본격화될 거다 이렇게 예상하고 있습니다. 감사합니다. You've also asked about our roadmap. And for the 7th generation VNAND QLC, the launching timing will be decided based on customer schedules, priorities, and also the market situation. For reference, we're expecting at the PC application level, the demands of customers for QLC products will become more visible and tangible after this year. 네, 감사합니다. 마지막으로 저희가 온라인을 통해서 사전에 취합한 질문에 대해 답변드리도록 하겠습니다. 지난번 실적 발표부터 개인 투자자들과의 소통 강화 및 이해제고를 위해 홈페이지를 통해서 사전에 질문하실 수 있도록 했고 이번 분기에도 많은 분들께서 다양한 질문들을 남겨주셨습니다. 이 중 대부분은 앞서 진행된 질의응답 과정에서 충분히 설명이 된 것으로 보이며 거론되지 않은 질문 중에서 주주들의 관심도가 높은 두 가지 사안에 대해서 추가적으로 답변을 드리고 마치도록 하겠습니다. 첫 번째 질문은 회사가 파운드리를 신규 육성 사업으로 키우고 있는데 한편으로 시장 경쟁도 치열한 것을 알고 있는데요. 성장 가속화를 위해 경쟁사 대비 삼성의 차별화점은 무엇인지 의견을 부탁드립니다. 이에 대해서는 파운드리의 강문수 부사장께서 답변해 주시겠습니다. 질문에서 말씀하신 대로 당사는 파운드리 사업 육성을 위해 전례 없는 투자와 앞선 기술 개발에 매진하고 있습니다. 특히 당사는 기술 리더십 확보에 집중하는 동시에 파운드리 업계 내 파트너십 강화

통한 에코시스템 확장을 추진하여 파운드리 소울스 탄중에 대한 시장의 우려를 해결하고 파운드리 업계에서 더욱 의미 있는 솔루션이 되기 위한 노력을 지속하고 있습니다. 질문하신 것처럼 기술 리더십 확보에 집중하는 동시에 파운드리 업계 내 파트너십 강화를 통한 에코시스템 확장을 추진하여 파운드리 소울스 탄중에 대한 시장의 우려를 해결하고 파운드리 업계에서 더욱 의미 있는 솔루션이 되기 위한 노력을 지속하고 있습니다. 또한 당사는 반도체 칩의 집적도와 성능을 최대화할 수 있도록 2.5D와 3D 등 첨단 패키지 기술을 이용한 토탈 시스템 레벨 솔루션 개발에 집중하고 있으며 특히 당사의 메모리 사업부와 협업을 통해 경쟁력을 증대시켜 타사와 차별화된 솔루션을 제공할 수 있도록 준비하고 있습니다. 또한 당사는 반도체 칩의 집적도와 성능을 최대화할 수 있도록 2.5D와 3D 등 첨단 패키지 기술을 이용한 토탈 시스템 레벨 솔루션 개발에 집중하고 있으며 특히 당사의 메모리 사업부와 협업을 통해 경쟁력을 증대시켜 타사와 차별화된 솔루션을 제공할 수 있도록 준비하고 있습니다. 마지막 질문은 2022년 글로벌 5G 스마트폰 시장 수요 성장이 클 것으로 예상되는데 이에 따른 삼성전자의 라인업 및 판매 확대 전략에 대해서 설명을 요청드립니다. 이 질문에 대해서는 MX의 김성구 상무께서 답변해 주시겠습니다. 마지막 질문은 다음과 같습니다. 글로벌 5G 스마트폰 시장은 올해 큰 폭으로 성장할 것으로 예상되는데 이에 따른 삼성전자의 라인업 및 판매 확대 전략에 대해서 설명을 요청드립니다. 이 질문에 대해서는 MX의 김성구 상무께서 답변해 주시겠습니다. 말씀 주신 것처럼 5G 스마트폰 시장은 매우 고속 성장하고 있고 올해는 스마트폰 판매량의 과반수 이상이 5G 폰이 될 것으로 전망이 됩니다. 저희는 S 패밀리뿐만 아니라 폴더블 G 시리즈 등 플래그십 모델부터 매스 엔트리 레벨까지 전 가격대에 걸쳐서 5G 풀 라인업을 구축해서 매스 5G 교체 수요를 적극 흡수할 계획입니다. 네, 말씀하신 것처럼 5G 스마트폰 시장은 매우 고속 성장하고 있고 올해는 스마트폰 판매량의 과반수 이상이 5G 폰이 될 것으로 전망이 됩니다. 저희는 S 패밀리뿐만 아니라 폴더블 G 시리즈 등 플래그십 모델부터 매스 엔트리 레벨까지 전 가격대에 걸쳐서 5G 풀 라인업을 구축해서 매스 5G 교체 수요를 적극 흡수할 계획입니다. 특히 S 시리즈의 우수한 경험을 매스 모델까지 전파해서 모든 갤럭시 사용자가 갤럭시 프리미엄 경험을 누릴 수 있도록 해서 심화되는 매스 시장 경쟁 상황에 선제 대응해 나가겠습니다. 그리고 영업 측면에서는 전 거래선의 매스 양 5G 단말을 제한하고 5G 단말을 통한 사업자의 알프 확대 협업으로 확산을 추진하겠습니다. 이러한 노력을 통해서 올해도 시장 대비 높은 성장 모멘텀을 이어가도록 노력하겠습니다. 특히 전략 측면에서 매스 세그먼트에서의 경쟁을 대응하기 위해서 갤럭시 경험을 활용하는 것입니다. S 시리즈의 탁월한 경험을 매스 모델까지 전파해서 모든 갤럭시 사용자들이 프리미엄 갤럭시 경험을 공유하고 즐길 수 있도록 하겠습니다. 또한 판매 측면에서 매스 5G 단말을 모든 채널에 제공하고 5G 단말을 통한 서비스의 알프 확대 협업으로 확산을 추진하겠습니다. 이러한 노력을 통해서 올해도 시장 대비 높은 성장 모멘텀을 이어가도록 하겠습니다. 제한된 시간 관계상 부득이하게 투자자들께서 남겨주신 질문에 대해 전부 답변을 드리지 못했지만 소중한 의견 감사드리며 주요 경영 의사 결정에 참고하도록 하겠습니다. 그럼 이것으로 이번 분기 컨퍼런스 콜을 마치도록 하겠습니다. 여러분과 가족분들의 건강과 안전을 기원합니다. 감사합니다. Due to time constraints, we are unfortunately unable to answer every question that was submitted. However, I would like to thank everyone who shared their opinion, providing us with valuable information to refer in our decision-making process. And that completes our conference call this quarter. We wish all of you and those close to you stay strong and in good health. Thank you.

