 Good morning and good evening. Thank you all for joining this conference call. And now we will begin the conference out of fiscal year 2021, first quarter earnings results by Samsung Electronics. This conference will start with a presentation followed by a divisional Q&A session. If you have a question, please press start 1, that is start N1 on your phone during the Q&A. For cancellation, please press start 2, that is start N2 on your phone. Now, we shall commence the presentation on the fiscal year 2021, fourth quarter earnings results by Samsung Electronics. Welcome, everyone. This is Ben Sov from Investor Relations. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. For additional details regarding our quarterly results, please refer to our earnings presentation, which is available on our IR website at www.samsung.com slash global slash IR. On the call with me today, representing each of our business units are EVP Hanjin Man, representing memory, VP Kenny Han for System OSI, EVP Gangmunsoo for Foundry, EVP Choi Geun-young for Samsung Display, VP Kim Sung-gu for Mobile Experience, or MX, which is a previous mobile division, and VP SD Chung for Digital Appliances. I would like to remind you that some of the statements we will be making today are forward-looking, based on the environment as we currently see it. And all such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to be materially different from those expressed in today's discussion. Also, please note that last December, we merged the IM and CE divisions to form the DX division. However, as this was just announced in December, we have maintained the IM and CE distinction in our earnings call materials, as well as in portions of this presentation, for consistency with our Q1 to Q3 results. With that, I would first like to present the results for the fourth quarter. I'm pleased to report that we once again delivered record results by leveraging our differentiated products and technology leadership, despite the challenging macro environment. I'm pleased to report that we have to look at the last two points for the first quarter. as well as TVs and home appliances amid year-end peak seasonality. We set records for total revenue in a respective quarter for each quarter in 2021, resulting in a record annual revenue of $280 trillion. Gross profit increased by $0.5 trillion sequentially to $31.6 trillion, led by expanded sales of premium smartphones, but gross margin decreased slightly, primarily due to a decline in memory prices. SG&A expenses were up $2.5 trillion quarter-on-quarter to $17.8 trillion, mainly due to increased spending on R&D and advertising and promotional activities. As a percentage of sales, they increased by 2.6 percentage points. Operating profit was $13.9 trillion, down from the previous quarter due to a special bonus payment to employees, a decline in memory prices, and a seasonal rise in marketing costs for smartphones. On a year-on-year basis, however, both operating profit and operating margin increased substantially, driven by our semiconductor businesses. I will now briefly review the results of each business unit. In memory, results declined versus the prior quarter as ASP edged lower. Bit growths for the quarter came in below guidance as, considering our low inventory levels and the market outlook, we refrained from excessive bit shipment efforts. Compared to last year, results improved significantly, driven by solid demand across overall applications, as well as increases in our advanced node portion and ASP. In Foundry, even though increased overall supply resulted in a new high for revenue, profitability decreased slightly quarter-on-quarter due to a rise in costs associated with advanced processes. On a year-on-year basis, results improved due to the start of operations at the S5 fab in conjunction with price adjustments. In display, earnings continued to improve for the mobile panel business, driven by a continuation of solid demand from key customers' new smartphones and increased sales in new application areas. However, the large panel business saw its losses widen considerably due to declines in LCD ASPs and initial costs related to QD display. For the MX business, revenue increased slightly, led by expanded sales of premium products such as foldables and solid sales of device ecosystem products. Profit decreased quarter-on-quarter due to an increase in year-end marketing costs, including for foldables, but increased year-on-year. For network, results improved sequentially as revenue grew both at home and abroad. In the C business, composed of visual display and digital appliances, we delivered record-high quarterly revenue on the back of strong sales of premium products during year-end seasonality, but profits declined slightly quarter-on-quarter amid rising costs, including for logistics. Regarding currency effects, negatives from overall weakness in major emerging currencies against the Korean won, mainly affecting the finished product businesses, were eclipsed by positives from a strong dollar, which mainly affects the DS division. The net result was a positive impact of approximately $300 billion won on operating profit compared to the previous quarter. Next, I would like to share our business outlook. In the first quarter, for semiconductor businesses, Memory will actively address a projected recovery of demand, and Foundry will push to stabilize yield and increase supply of key components for flagship products. Our finished product businesses will focus on maintaining solid profitability by strengthening leadership in premium segments with launches of new smartphones and TVs. In memory, although there are lingering uncertainties, we will concentrate on optimizing our business portfolio, including through increased sales of advanced node products to support the server and PC demand recovery, and also via sales growth of high-value-add products. For System LSI, we will focus on supplying essential SOCs and CISs for our key customers' flagship products. And for Foundry, we will continue to prioritize expanding supply by improving production and yield at advanced processes. In display, despite weak seasonality for smartphones, we expect the mobile panel business to deliver improved results year-on-year, driven by releases of new smartphones by major customers and an expansion of the foldable display customer base. In the large panel business, losses are likely to be partially mitigated with the mass production of QD display. In the MX business, despite supply constraints, we expect to deliver revenue and profit growth, as well as solid margin, led by releases of new flagship models, expanded sales of 5G smartphones for the mass market, and increased sales of tablets and wearables. For network, we target to win new opportunities from European and other global customers. For C businesses, amid weak seasonality for TVs and a projected dip in demand for home appliances, we will endeavor to improve profitability by focusing on sales of premium products, expanding our new category product lineup, and increasing the portion of online sales. Now let's move on to the outlook for 2022. Under expectations of a recovery in global IT demand, our component businesses will increase their advanced node portion of production and enhance leadership in next-generation products and technology. And in the finished product businesses, we will continue to strengthen our leadership and lineups in premium segments as we strive to create new user experiences by enhancing connectivity and synergies between our devices. However, challenges associated with supply issues and COVID-19 are likely to persist. During this year, we will also promote partnerships, secure technology, and execute investments to gain leadership in future growth areas such as 5G, AI, cloud, IoT, and the metaverse. For the memory business, we expect demand to increase as enterprises ramp up IT investments, though there are uncertainties such as the extent to which supply issues will ease. In accordance, we will continue to enhance our leadership by expanding supply of high-performance products and increasing application of our industry-leading EUV technology. System LSI will grow its business by reinforcing its lineup of SOCs, including models targeting the 5G volume zone. And Foundry aims to outpace market growth by extending our technology leadership with mass production of the first-generation GAA process, along with increasing supply to global customers. For display, in the mobile panel business, we expect demand for OLED to continue to increase based on rising penetration of 5G and growth of the foldable market. And we will further strengthen the foundation for stable growth by expanding OLED into new application areas as well. The large panel business will work to secure technology leadership in the premium segment with QD display, while it closes the LCD lines as planned. The MX business targets increasing market share by concentrating on innovations in flagship products, further differentiating user experiences, and also expanding our mass-market 5G smartphone lineup. Moreover, we will seek to grow sales of device ecosystem products by enhancing the value delivered to customers. For network, we will focus on capturing 5G network demand and winning new global customers, all as we continue to further strengthen our technologies, including custom development of core 5G chips. For CE businesses, we will further solidify our market leadership and pursue growth by continuing to expand sales of premium product lines, such as Neo QLED and Bespoke, and by diversifying the overall lineup with lifestyle and new home appliance products. Next, I would like to share some of our key activities and achievements in sustainability management. At the CES keynote address on January 4th, we outlined our eco-friendly initiatives for a sustainable future. We believe that consumers and companies together can contribute to a better future by embracing sustainable products. To this end, we unveiled a range of ambitious eco-friendly activities. For example, in manufacturing displays, including for TVs, we are using 30 times more recycled plastic this year than we did last year. And we are moving toward incorporating recycled materials in all mobile products and home appliances by 2025. In addition, our company ranked fourth in the digital inclusion benchmark as announced in December by the World Benchmarking Alliance, a global alliance dedicated to sustainability management. We earned this accolade thanks to our strong support for the technology innovation ecosystem through C-Lab Outside, an initiative aimed at nurturing startups in Korea, as well as disclosing our AI ethics principles centering on equity, transparency, and responsibility. Furthermore, we participated in a pilot project organized by Korea's Ministry of Environment to reduce worksite waste. And on December 31st, our Kihung campus received top honors for its efforts, which included strengthening recycling programs and offices, establishing a standard for minimizing the packaging for raw and semi-processed materials, and expanding recycling of waste materials. Our work in this area demonstrates our commitment to creating environmental and social value in addition to achieving growth. And we will continue to strengthen our ESG management by fulfilling our social responsibility as a leading global company. Let me now move on to capital expenditures. The annual CapEx for 2021 was $48.2 trillion, with $43.6 trillion invested in semiconductor and $2.6 trillion in display. By business, memory concentrated its investments on capacity expansions and process migrations at fabs in Pyeongtaek and Xi'an to address demand for advanced nodes, including EUV-based 15-nanometer DRAM and sixth-generation VNAND, as well as on infrastructure at P3. Investments in memory increased year-on-year as we are at the lead of an inflection point in technology and are thus preemptively investing in application of next-generation technologies such as EUV. We are executing the investments with a focus on technology leadership, and as a result, we can maintain an efficient investment level when considering our bid share from a mid- to long-term perspective. For Foundry, investments concentrated on capacity expansions for advanced 5-nanometer EUV nodes in Pyeongtaek. Display investments centered on mobile modules and QD display. Finally, let me address the shareholder return. The Board of Directors today approved a quarterly dividend of $361.1 per share for common stock and $362.1 per share for preferred stock. The total payout for the fourth quarter is approximately $2.45 trillion, which is in line with the totals in 2021's previous quarters. This represents one-fourth of the annual total of $9.8 trillion, in accordance with the current shareholder return policy. The dividend will be paid after final approval at the annual general meeting of shareholders. When we announced the current three-year shareholder return policy in January of last year, we said that we will disclose the annual free cash flow each year to enhance clarity on the shareholder return pool. And if 50% of the free cash flow significantly exceeds the annual dividend, we would consider an earlier return. The total free cash flow for 2021 was $19.6 trillion, 50% of which is approximately $9.8 trillion. Considering the annual projected annual dividend for 2021 is also $9.8 trillion, there was no additional pool for an earlier return. While we achieved solid results in 2021, as I mentioned earlier, we required a considerable amount of CapEx to accelerate migration to next-generation technologies and memory and to secure competitiveness in Foundry. And there were also impacts of increased working capital, such as a need to secure additional inventory amid uncertainties of component supply. Although we did not generate a surplus in 2021, we believe our efforts will lead to significant future growth and contribute to increasing shareholder value. In 2022, we will once again step up our efforts to improve our performance by extending our product and technology leadership, increasing cost competitiveness and improving profitability while also enhancing capital management efficiency. I will now turn the conference call over to the gentlemen from each business unit to present fourth quarter performances and outlooks for their corresponding business segment. We will start with the memory business. Thank you. Good morning. This is Hanjit Man from Memory Global Sales and Marketing Office. The fourth quarter, memory demand centered on the server remained solid, but our performance declined somewhat compared to the previous quarter due to a continuation of global supply chain issues, slight drive-in ASP, and payment of a one-off special incentive. We came in below initial bid growth guidance as we refrained from making excessive bid shipments in consideration of our limited inventory conditions and also the market outlook. In DRAM, impacts on set build from global supply chain issues differed by degree but were failed throughout all applications. For server, however, demand remained strong thanks to an increase in DRAM content per box or increased adoption of high-core CPUs amid a continuation of solid end demand. For graphics, graphics card supply shortage remained as demand stayed robust, backed by strong demand for gaming PCs along with rising demand for crypto mining. PC and mobile have felt relatively more effects of set-build disruptions caused by component supply issues. For PC, consumers continue their tendencies to adjust inventory. In mobile, major smartphone manufacturers released new 5G models but concurrent risk such as the spread of a COVID variant impacted memory demand to some extent. Based on preemptive product mix adjustment, we actively address an increase in server and graphics demand and to enhance competitiveness, we continue to increase our cutting-edge portion of processes. Even so, we are below big growth guidance as we try to optimize supply plan considering our inventory condition and market outlook. Next, I will talk about the NAND market. For server SSD, fundamental demand from major data sent to customers was robust, but there were some market effects related to disruptions in the IC component supply chain. Demand for client SSD was somewhat stagnant because of inventory adjustment by some customers and set-bill disruptions caused by component supply issues. In the case of mobile, supply and demand of APs were disrupted and memory demand fell slightly. But the high-density trend continued thanks to impacts of peak end-year seasonality. We focused on optimizing sales such as reducing wafer shipments as well as strengthening high-value solution businesses in consideration of our inventory situation, while identifying impacts on production caused by changes in line operation due to the lockdown in Xi'an. In addition, we continue to strengthen our competitiveness by increasing our cutting-edge portion of processes and by expanding the server business, we are actively addressing growth in high-end, high-capacity demand. Now, let me share the outlook for the fourth quarter. In the case of DRAM, some uncertainties are likely to persist, but we expect issues related to component supply and demand to dissipate gradually. We are seeing signs of improvement in set bills, mainly by server and PC. For server, we expect demand to remain strong thanks to the high-density trend alongside increasing investment centering on data centers, while the high-core CPU portion continues to increase. As demand for PC improves, mainly for corporate-oriented high-end laptops, demand will increase for cutting-edge products such as DDR5, and as some customers complete inventory adjustments, we think impacts of flow seasonality will partially ease. For mobile, we expect the demand base to be reasonably solid as major manufacturers launch products based on new form factors and increase the portion of LPDDR5. However, risks such as operation restrictions at some production sites due to the spread of COVID variant need to be carefully monitored. We will keep working to maximize the quality of our business portfolio by selling products of our cutting-edge node and expanding sales of high-value products while actively addressing customer demand from overall applications. In NAND, for server SSD, we expect demand for server bills to be robust to be robust thanks to continuing investment, mainly data centers, we should keep an eye on corporate demand along with the spread of COVID variants. In the PC market, we think build demand will recover, mainly for laptops, along with gradual improvements in component supply issues. And for mobile, despite being amid slow seasonality, we expect the high-density trend for storage to persist as manufacturers launch new 5G models. We plan to minimize risk of supply disruptions by securing a diverse product portfolio centered on high-value products while returning to normal production operation after the lockdown in Xi'an being lifted. Now let's move on to the full-year outlook. Under the risk of demand fluctuations, such as ones related to the pace of mitigation of component supply constraints, as well as chances of prolonged effects of a COVID-19 variant, we ask for your understanding in that it is difficult to provide specific annual bid growth guidance. Before, I'd like to share a view of the market situation for each application. First, for server, DM content per box is projected to keep rising thanks to the adoption of new CPUs supporting DDR5 and the expansion of AI-oriented servers centered on data centers. In addition, coupled with the expansion of investment by major companies, set-billed demand deferred by last year's component issues should lead to solid set-billed growth. On the other hand, for PCs, we need to monitor detailed impacts on demand as a delayed return to daily life triggered by a new variant would impact demand from contactless services such as education, gaming, and others. A median expected increase in replacement demand and content per box due to the spread of a new OS. For mobile, with the resumption of 5G infrastructure investment by countries and the strengthening of 5G lineups by manufacturers, content per box is likely to keep rising, focusing on major manufacturers. And set treatments centering on low-to-mid-price models are also anticipated to rise amid growth in emerging markets. Based on preemptively managing our product mix to align with market conditions, we will proactively address market demand by expanding our supply portion of high-performance products such as HPVM for graphic and cutting-edge interfaces like DDR5 and LP-DDR5. Based on high-value solution-oriented portfolio management and our industry-leading EUV capabilities, we will focus on qualitative growth through stable, continual cost reductions and strengthened market leadership. Good morning. This is Kenny Han from the System RSI business. In the fourth quarter last year, we reached a record high for quarterly revenue driven by an increase in demand for SOCs, DDIs, and PMICs as major mobile customers launched new flagship products. However, operating profits fell slightly due to the influence of spatial bonuses. To improve our performance even further in the coming quarter, we have started supply of our flagship 4 nanometer SOC featuring an AMD GPU for the first time as well as related products. In addition, our 108 megapixel image sensors have been increasingly selected by our customers for adoption in their upcoming major models. In the first quarter of this year, effects of year-end week seasonality for the mobile industry and inventory adjustment by Chinese set companies are likely to continue. But demand for OLED-DDI, NFC, ESC, and PMIC products is expected to stay strong. As major customers launch flagship smartphones, we plan to focus on expanding supply of SOCs with a significantly improved GPU and PO capabilities as well as ultra-high resolution image sensors. In 2022, I'm maximizing supply of volume-zone 5G SOCs and technically leading 108 and 200 megapixel sensors. We expect revenue growth to accelerate year-on-year while profitability should rise on the back of price adjustment. Thank you. Good morning. This is Munsu Kang from the Foundry business. In the fourth quarter, we outpaced industry growth and set a new high for Q4 revenue. In particular, we continue to increase sales to large-scale HPC customers and also establish the base for future growth by securing orders from new, large customers in HPC applications. In addition, we work to improve our response to customer demand with efforts to stabilize the global supply chain, confirming new PEP investments in Taylor USA and in Korea. However, there were also headwinds as we were unable to fully satisfy customer demand amid a supply disruption and profitability fell slightly due to delay in ramping of advanced nodes. In the first quarter of 2022, we expect the industry to remain in tight supply across all nodes and our advanced node portion, which increased significantly from Q4 to keep rising. Given this, we will focus on improving yield in advanced process nodes to enhance our supply stability and profitability. To strengthen our technology leadership, we will complete the qualification of first-generation GAA process 3GAE for mass production in the first half of this year, and we will continue to develop the second-generation GAA process 3GAP as scheduled. For the foundry market in 2022, we expect supply to remain tight due to rapid penetration of 5G technology, solid HPC demand, growing outsourcing by IDM, and the need to build up safety inventory amid prolonged pandemic. We will continue our technology leadership through mass production of the 3GAE process in the first half, and we aim to exceed market growth on a full-year basis by expanding capacity of advanced nodes, normalizing prices to ensure future investment, and adding new customers to our global client base. Thank you. Good morning. I'm Gonyoung Choi from the business planning department at Samsung Display. In the fourth quarter, the mobile display business sustained upward trend in earnings following the previous quarter backed by robust sales of smartphones with the OLED displays, which are now mainstream in the premium segment, and also by the competitive limits and the stability of Samsung Display's supply chain management. In addition to smartphones, sales and revenues of products for notebook PCs and gaming increased steeply quarter-on-quarter, contributing to our earnings growth. Meanwhile, in the larger display business, we have successfully mass-produced and delivered our QD displays for TVs and monitors which have garnered positive reviews from our customers. Next, let me share the outlook for the first quarter of 2022. For the mobile display business, we project that release of our new products by major customers and increasing adoption of flexible displays will mitigate with effects of weak seasonality. however, given persistent supply issues for some components, concerns linger over potential short supply of certain products such as DDIs. For the large display business, with the QD display TVs and monitors having made their official market debut, we expect losses to narrow gradually. finally, I will share our look for the display market in Samsung Display's core strategies for 2022. For the mobile display business, despite projected macro risks such as ones related to fat tapering as well as Omicron's variants of COVID-19, we expect adoption of OAD displays to keep expanding this year driven by rising penetration of 5G smartphones and the growth of affordable display markets. Such market trends should create a favorable business environment for Samsung Display. As for the IT markets, we expect growth to slow compared to last year and rising sales in the premium segment are likely to accelerate penetration of OAD displays. We plan to strike a balance in the mobile display business structure with both flexible and rigid OAD. To that end, we plan to expand adoption of flexible OAD to more than just high-end devices by providing its astounding technological capabilities to the mid-range segments as well. We will also diversify applications for rigid OAD, ranging from IT to gaming to automotive, based on our unrivaled production capacity and cost competitiveness. For the large display business, we expect ultra-large displays and differentiated products to drive solid demand for premium TVs, and we will focus on securing leadership in the premium TV and monitor segments through QD displays. Thank you. Good morning. This is Sunggu Kim from the MX business. I would like to discuss the Q4 2021 research and outlook for the MX and network business. In Q4 2021, the market grew compared to the previous quarter due to year-end seasonality. As for the MX business, despite the component supply shortage, revenue increased slightly QOQ. In particular, in the new market that we created with an innovative form factor, our foldable G-series models, G4-3 and G-Flip-3 have garnered positive feedback for their enhanced design, durability, and user experience that are tailored to foldable. This contributed to increased sales, and we believe foldables are smoothly entering the mainstream. Also, the Galaxy S series maintained sales momentum thanks to active marketing and even further enhanced user experience with the new One UI 4.0. Accordingly, our premium smartphone sales increased QOQ. Solid sales of our device ecosystem products including PCs, tablets, and wearable devices with their enhanced and seamless connected experience also contributed to the performance. In the meantime, investments in active marketing to mainstream foldables and preparations to launch new models in Q1 2022 affected profitability to some degree. The network business improved its performance compared to the previous quarter, driven by the growth of domestic and overseas business. Now let me give you the outlook for Q1 2022. Demand for smartphone and tablets is expected to decrease due to seasonality as well as uncertainty surrounding component supply. In our MX business, we will strive to expand the customer base for our flagship products by fulfilling customer needs with the Galaxy S21 FE, which preserves core user experience of Galaxy S21 and comes in a diverse range of color options or at an affordable price. Also, a new Galaxy S-series model featuring the best Galaxy performance and experience will enhance customer retention of our premium products. In turn, this will lift the standard for flagship products even higher and contribute to increased sales of our flagship smartphones as well as an increase in overall smartphone ASP. Also, our competitive 5G lineup for the mass market will act as a volume driver by addressing replacement demand and thus actively seize growth opportunities in the market. In addition, we will continue to focus on increasing sales of our device ecosystem products such as wearables, PCs, and tablets by actively promoting the enhanced competitiveness and seamless connected experience across the product line. With these efforts, we will strive to secure solid profitability in Q1 2022 amid an unstable component supply situation. The network business aims to secure additional new contracts in the global markets, including from Europe. Next, let me provide an outlook for 2022. Despite current uncertainties including prolonged pandemic and component supply issues, we expect the smartphone market to continue to grow in 2022 following substantial growth in 2021, while the wearable market is projected to seize strong double-digit growth. In our MX business, we will continue to pursue user experience driven innovation to solidify leadership in the flagship market. We will also strengthen the tailored experience of each product, including the ultimate flagship experience with the Galaxy S series and optimized Galaxy G series experience to cater to various lifestyles and needs of our customers. In the mass market, we will not only strengthen our 5G lineup, but also expand the application of our convenient and differentiated experience and enhance product completeness. With these efforts, we aim to increase our smartphone market share. Also, we will keep enhancing customer value by continually adding to our differentiated user experience, which includes consistent and convenient connected experience across devices in our device ecosystem, and by further strengthening product competitiveness. Furthermore, we will expand such convenient connected experience beyond MX products to TVs and home appliances to enrich the value that our customer experience in daily lives. By doing so, we will strive to achieve material growth in 2022 and bolster profitability with an improved product mix and enhanced operational efficiency. The network business will focus on actively expanding its overseas business while also responding to extension of the 5G network in the domestic market. Also, we will thoroughly prepare for the future with continual efforts to strengthen our technology and competitiveness, including our own 5G chipset. Thank you for your attention. Good morning. I'm S.T. Chung from the Sage and Marketing Team of Digital Appliances, and I will address business conditions of C businesses. First, I would like to review the market condition and our performance in the first quarter of 2021. The TV market grew color-on-color amid fixed similarities, but decreased compared to the previous year when it was affected by its strong pent-up demand. By working closely with the channel partner in advance, Samsung preemptively targeted seasonal demand starting at end October and expanded sales mainly of high-value products, such as Neo-QLED models and lifestyle screens. However, operating profit decreased slightly due to cost-to-pressure such as global logistics issues. For digital appliance in the fourth quarter, market growth slowed due to diminishing impact of the demand, and material and logistics cost stayed on an uptrend seen in the previous quarter. Samsung actively advanced various consumer needs, we improved our mix via increasing sales with a focus of premium products, such as bespoke and new category products. In addition, through improving our operation efficiency and reducing cost, we achieved better results compared to the previous quarter, despite numerous risks in the external environment. months. Now, let us look at the outlook for the first quarter of 2022 and 2022 as a whole. We expected the overall TV market in Q1 to decrease quarter-on-quarter following the year-end peak season and also coming lower compared to the same period last year. When it was affected by a continuation of a strong effect of pent-up demand, mainly advanced market. We plan to push expand sales by capturing demand, mainly for premium products, by actively leveraging a number of promotional opportunities, such as those associated with the major sporting events. Furthermore, we will lead the market by strengthening sales in the lifestyle screen category, including the freestyle, which was released and CES this year and improved our results. For digital appliances in the first quarter, we expect demand for home appliances to decline slightly year-on-year. Also, we expect to continue the impact of increases in logistics and material cost. market. We will target the premium market more aggressively by expanding the BISPOKO lineup, mainly in advanced markets such as North America and Europe. Also, we plan to expand sales by providing our customers with a differentiated experience, offering significantly expanded consumer contact points, both online and offline. In addition, we will secure profitability by continuing to improve our cost efficiency throughout our operation. Regarding the TV market in 2022, we expect market uncertainty to consist, including those triggered by COVID-19 and external issues involving supply and logistics. However, we also expect demand to keep rising for premium and super big TVs. Samsung will focus on targeting demand for an increasing stage of innovative premium products, including our next-gen micro-LED and neo-QLED models. At the same time, we will strengthen our sales of lifestyle screens, our own differentiated product line, and expand the TV accessory ecosystem, while also providing different user experience and creating new demand. Through various services and smart hubs, which is optimized for in-home activities, like media and gaming. in the digital appliance market in 2022, market growth of home finances will probably be sluggish year on year, but we expect to see demand edge-up for the new category product that reflect changing lifestyle trends and also slight demand growth in emerging markets. We'll continue to grow by trending global sales via expanding the areas of we offer we differentiate bespoke product also by expanding line-up by region. And to the market, we'll keep launching new category products that reflect the changing consumer needs brands. Furthermore, by expanding user of modular products and those increasing productivity, we will enhance operational efficiency and also secure supply continuity to preemptively manage future external risks. Thank you. That sums up the fourth quarter results presentations. Before we move on to the Q&A session, I would like to share several data points in key business areas. Considering the heightened macro uncertainties, we will not be providing annual guidance at this time. In the fourth quarter for DRAM, our bid growth decreased by a percentage in the mid-single digits and ASP declined by a similar magnitude. In the first quarter of 2022, we expect market bid growth to fall by low single-digit percentage, and we should be similar to the market. For NAND, in the fourth quarter, both our bid growth and ASP declined in the low single-digit percentage range. For the first quarter of 2022, we expect market bid growth to decrease by a low single-digit, and our bid growth should slightly outperform the market. In the display business in the fourth quarter, our OLED portion of sales was in the high 90% range, and OLED sales volume grew by a low single-digit percentage. Turning to wireless, sales volume in the fourth quarter was approximately 72 million units for handsets and 7 million units for tablets, with a blended ASP of $253.00. The smartphone portion of handset sales volume was in the mid-90% range. For the first quarter of 2022, we expect to see sequential increases in handset and tablet sales volume, as well as in blended ASP. The smartphone portion of handset sales should stay similar in the mid-90s. In the TV business in the fourth quarter of 2021, sales volume grew by a percentage approaching the mid-teens, and in this quarter, we expect sales volume to decline by a low single-digit percentage. Lizette, I will now move on to the Q&A session. First, we will start taking questions from the conference call. 지금부터 질의응답을 시작하겠습니다. 질문을 하실 분은 전화기 버튼의 별표와 1번을 눌러주시기 바랍니다. 질문을 취소하시려면 별표와 2번을 눌러주시면 됩니다. Now Q&A session will begin. Please press Start 1, that is Start N1 if you have any questions. Questions will be taken according to the other you have pressed Start N1. For cancellation, please press Start 2, that is Start N2 on your phone. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 JP Morgan의 박정준 님입니다. The first question will be presented by JJ Park from JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question. 질문 기회에 감사드립니다. 두 가지 질문이 있는데요. 아까 캡팩스 부분에 메모리 캡팩스가 작년에 증가됐다 그랬는데 혹시 디램이나 랜드 포션이 어떻게 됐는지 말씀해 주시면 감사드리겠고요. 그리고 올해 전체적인 메모리 랑 반도체 캡팩스 가이던스 부탁드리겠습니다. 두 번째는 숄더로 리턴 관련된 건데요. 작년에 프리캐시 플로우 반 정도를 디비던드로 페이에서 잔여 재원이 없었던 것 같은데 순년금은 지금 100조가 넘는 수준이어서 혹시 숄더 리턴이 좀 업사이드가 있는 게 아닌가 작년 건 아니지만 올해를 봤을 때에서 숄더 리턴 팔리스에 대해서 추가적으로 고려하신 사항이 있으시면 말씀 부탁드리겠습니다. 감사합니다. I have two questions. The first question is about the memory CapEx. You said that the memory CapEx last year increased. Can you give us that divided into the NAND versus the DRAM related CapEx spending last year? Also, can you give us some guidance for CapEx memory this year? Second question is about the shareholder return. During the presentation, you mentioned that 50% of the free cash flow for last year is roughly the same as the distributable profits for this year, and therefore there would not be any additional pool of funds available for shareholder return. But I also noticed that the company does have on hand more than 100 trillion won of net cash. And so maybe not last year, but perhaps this year, can we expect any upside on the shareholder return? Is the company considering its net cash size when it decides shareholder return for this year? To answer your first question about the memory CapEx, yes, as we mentioned, the overall memory CapEx in 2021 did increase year over year. It's difficult to give you the breakdown between DRAM and NAN, but overall there was an increase in the facility equipment related CapEx spending. Yes. Like 설비 투자가 증가한 건 연초 전망을 상회하는 수요 증가에 대응하려고 저희가 선당 공정 증상을 했고요. 그다음에 공정전화 투자를 집행한 점이고요. 기술 변격점을 먼저 맞이하면서 EUB 같은 고가의 차세대 기술에 대한 산재득 투자에 집행된 것이 주요 원인이었습니다. 그리고 이건 시황이 연계해서 탄력적인 설비 투자를 집행하겠다고 했던 저희의 기존 기조와 일치합니다. To explain the reasons why there was an increase in CapEx, mainly it's explained by how we have expanded our advanced node related equipment and also invested more in the node migration in order to respond to the increasing demand that was above what was expected during the start of last year. Also, another main reason for our CapEx is our preemptive investments that we're making in next generation technology such as EUV as we go through a technology inflection point. But this all is consistent with our CapEx policy of executing CapEx equipment investments flexibly in line with the market situation. And so we believe that the supply bit growth that we are achieving is in line with the market demand levels because we execute flexibly our equipment related investments. We do pursue bit growth around the leading technology nodes. And I think that is why compared to at least the bit share that we have, our investment size in a mid-to-long-term perspective is not high. We will be able to to get the investment to invest in the market and to be able to to invest in the market and to be able to to invest in the market. You've also asked for some guidance for CapEx this year. Actually, given the various uncertainties, we are still actually discussing specific investment plans for this year. But our basic approach is that we will tap both investments and productivity improvements in order to generate the bit growth this year. Also, as we prepare the planning and the execution of our investment plans, we are aware that there is a tendency of equipment delivery lead times getting longer due to the supply chain issue. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. The second question is to answer the question of IR. We had the last year in 2021-2023. We had a global basis and global basis. We had a global basis. We had a global basis and global basis. To answer your second question, when the three-year shareholder return policy that was announced early last year, covering periods of 2021 to 2023, actually took into account the global uncertainties and the expected increase of cash needs for the company. Now, looking back at the past one year, the global uncertainty actually was more aggravated than we had anticipated, and cash needs increased as expected. And so even though last year the business results improved, our net cash position has stayed almost the same. On the other hand, as you know, we operate the largest and the highest level of a global production network in the IT industry, which requires a large scale of operating capital. Last year we also went through some unexpected production disruptions in Austin and the Shian Fabs. Also, we always need to keep the capabilities to execute inorganic growth opportunities in order to maintain consistent growth. So considering all of those factors, the company believes it is not appropriate at this point to bring any major changes to its shareholder return policy, given the fact that conservative cash operation is necessary. Now, that said, raising the efficiency of its capital management is something that the company continues to focus on. Yes, the next question will be presented by 성규 김 from Daiwa Capital Market. Please go ahead with your question. Yes, hello. 질문 기회 주셔서 감사합니다. 저는 메모리 쪽 그리고 가전 쪽에 한 가지 질문이 있습니다. 우선 메모리는 클린룸의 제약에 관련된 이슈인데요. 올해 당사는 DRAM 쪽에서 특히 클린룸 스페이스 공간 제약이 있을 것으로 예정이 되는데요. 현재 낮은 재고 수준을 감안했을 때 그럼 DRAM의 출하량, 출하량 빅크로스 측면에서 올해 시장 및 경쟁사의 어떤 성장률을 하여할 가능성이 있을 것으로 보입니다. 연말에 경영진도 새로 변화가 있었지만 이러한 부분에 대한 어떤 회사의 의견 그리고 대응 전략이 있으시면 공유 부탁드리겠습니다. 가전 관련해서는 원가 상승 관련 이슈입니다. 최근에 원자재 그리고 물류비 인상 이슈로 원가 측면에서 부담이 급격하게 높아진 것 같은데요. 이러한 상황이 언제까지 이어질 것으로 보시는지 우리 삼성전자의 가전 사업의 영향 그리고 이에 대한 어떤 특별한 대응 전략이 있으신지 말씀 부탁드리겠습니다. 감사합니다. 감사합니다. The first question is about the DRAM cleanroom space. Looking at the information, you may actually have a limited cleanroom space for your DRAM this year. Also, your inventory levels are relatively low. This may imply that you may actually, in terms of BIF growth, underperform the market or your competitors on the DRAM side. There was a change of management at the end of last year. Considering all of that, can you share your opinion regarding the cleanroom space limitations and how you plan to respond to that? Second question is about the CE business. There is overall cost-increasing factors, including raw material prices and logistics cost increasing. First of all, can you share from the company's perspective, until when do you think the situation will continue? What will be the implications to your CE business and how do you plan to respond? Yes, cleanroom 관련 답변 드리겠습니다. 시장 수요 성장에 대응하기 위한 cleanroom 확보. 이건 정말 저희 메모리 사업부의 중요한 투자 전략 중 하나입니다. Cleanroom은 투입되는 금액의 규모 자체도 크고 고려해야 되는 상황도 다양하기 때문에 3, 4년의 중장기적인 관점으로, 그런 관점을 바탕으로 해서 의사결정이 되어야 하고요. 올해의 경우에는 현재까지 예상되는 수요 대응에 큰 문제는 없을 거다, 이렇게 생각하고 있습니다. 감사합니다. Q. First question about the cleanroom, of course, securing enough cleanroom in order to meet the demand growth in the market is one of the key critical investment strategies for the memory division. cleanrooms, it's actually a quite large investment, and many factors need to be considered. So deciding a cleanroom investment is a decision that should be made based on a midterm, at least a three- to four-year horizon perspective. Looking towards this year, at the current levels, we do not expect any major problems in meeting the demand that's expected in the market this year. O.I.P. As I mentioned earlier, in 2022, the risk of 재료비 and 물류비 increase will continue to be expected. As we mentioned during the presentation, the company does expect this heightened level of raw material and logistics cost risk to continue throughout this year. In response to this assumption of heightened risk, first of all, we are thoroughly analyzing the situation of each of our key manufacturing hubs. In response to this assumption of heightened risk, first of all, we are thoroughly analyzing the situation of each of our key manufacturing hubs in order to improve the overall supply competitiveness by increasing the production efficiency for each region and also executing overall operational improvements. Also, we are preparing to respond to this on the sales side by accelerating revenue growth through the increased sales of premium products, such as Bespoke, and continuously launching new models. The next question will be presented by Peter Lee from Citigroup. Please go ahead with your question. Yes, this islt. Yes. Yes, let me say more. T그룹伊세철입니다. Yes. I have a question. I want to ask you to post itsaráBO. What I did not speak of my pugto key multi- yeterian behavior in my life will be done? This is the last 2nd year of the situation. The end of the year of the year of the new business and personal life, the chance to give you a opinion. The second part of the mobile is the new market. The last year, a smartphone has a lot of attention to the market. Samsung's business has been looking at the future. My first question is about the memory side. Even though overall memory demand was quite solid last year, fourth quarter we noticed that both your DRAM and NAN shipments actually performed under the guidance and competitors. Can you give us some explanations as to why this happened, which appears to be quite unusual, especially given where the market and you were in the second quarter of last year. We do notice that the company's management was changed at the end of the year. Is this an implication of any strategy change on the part of the company? Second question is about the mobile side. From the market, we're all wondering what the exact demand would look like for smartphones in year 22. Can you share with us your demand outlook for smartphones this year? And do you expect to increase your market share by outgrowing the market again? Thank you very much for your question. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Thank you very much. To ask your question of why our BIT growth was below market in fourth quarter, as you mentioned, yes, in fourth quarter, demand was solid, but especially around the servers. On the other side, there were some downstream production disruptions due to the global supply chain issue, even though the degree of the disruption varies depending on the customer. And this did have an impact on memory demand in the fourth quarter. Seeing that, we also considered that our inventory levels were not at high levels. We also wanted to prepare against any production impact due to the Xi'an lockdown. And so we actually refrained from any aggressive sales in the fourth quarter, and this was the main reason why our BIT growth was below guidance in fourth quarter. Yes. Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Now, the reason why we made that decision was because of our insight into a change in the nature of the market that has been happening recently. We do notice that the memory market actually is becoming more diversified. The product lineup is much more diversified before, and given the wide diversity of product lineup, we thought that most critical capability was the ability to supply the products that the customer needs based on having an optimized product mix. And so I think the reason, I think the best way of understanding what happened in fourth quarter was that it was our strategic choice in order for us to be able to supply the products that the customer needs stably from a long-term perspective. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. To answer your question about the smartphone, first, our outlook for the smartphone market this year is that it will continue the growing trend, continuing from last year. main drivers being the mainstreaming of foldable phones and also the wider penetration of 5G mobile phones. Our strategy at the flagship level is to continue to expand the sales of flagships and to improve our product mix by, first of all, maximizing the user base through our foldable Z series, which has been attracting not only the premium, super premium users, but the MZ generation of females as well as the customers of the competitors. Also, a part of our flagship strategy would be the S series, the new model of the S series, which will contribute to retention of existing customers and also to further widen the premium customer base through the S21 FE. MES 모델은 5G 풀 라인업을 구축해서 글로벌 MES 5G 교체 수요를 적극 흡수하고, 사용자에게 가치 있는 핵심 경험을 계속 강화해서 글로벌 메가 히트 모델을 더 많이 만들어내고, 중저가 브랜드 공생에 선제 대응할 수 있는 당사의 확실한 볼륨 드라이버로 만들어갈 것입니다. 이를 통해서 22년 스마트폰 전체의 마켓션은 물론이고, 프리미엄 시장 리더십도 더욱 강화해 나갈 계획입니다. Our strategy on the mass tier will be to actively absorb the mass tier 5G replacement demand globally by preparing a wider 5G full line-up and also to continue to produce global mega-hit models in the mass tier that provide core user experiences that the users appreciate. Therefore, we will use the mass tier models to become clear volume drivers that can respond preemptively to mass tier brands. By these two strategies, we plan to not only increase our entire market share in the smartphone market this year, but also further increase the leadership we have in the premium market. 감사합니다. 다음 질문 받겠습니다. Yeah, the next question will be presented by 도연 최 from sinhan Investment. Please go ahead with your question. Thank you very much. I have a question for the mobile, the MX division. Last year, you successfully mainstreamed the foldable form factor, received strong response from the market, but you also have the Galaxy series. And so combining the two, can you share with us your overall strategy in the flagship this year? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. To answer your question, actually, the key point of our flagship tier, premium tier strategy would be to further concentrate on strengthening our user experience. This will enhance the value of the flagship product by providing not only the best hardware but also software services and ecosystem. Also, therefore, we will further enhance the differentiated experience for each of our premium products. For example, S series providing the best flagship experience. Z series providing the optimized foldable experience in order to satisfy the diverse lifestyles and needs of the consumers. Also, we will be refocusing our marketing strategy around customer experience. And also, continue a full year brand marketing campaign to make the brand more aspired and strengthen the premium brand position to maximize our flagship sales volume. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The next question will be presented by Dongwon Kim from KB Securities. Please go ahead with your question. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. My first question is about the DRAM prices. After DRAM price being increased in first quarter, it's now back to a downward trend in three quarters time. There are different views as to where it will go further. Some are expecting that DRAM prices will upturn again shortly. Others are saying it's not likely the prices to improve in the second half of this year. As a leader in this segment, what is your outlook on DRAM movement going forward? Also, it appears that the cycle itself is getting shorter. Do you think the cycle will stay this way in the future? My second question is about the QD display. I'm hearing that the customers have received a QD display supply. Can you share with us your customers' response to the QD display? And also, can you share with us some details about where you think your technology level is and how you compare in terms of cost competitiveness? Yes. Yes. . Yes, I think it's on the Cлена for the commercial. QD domain on behalf of the QD disagree. QD education level is the key high- meowback market content. QD before the product has hit, QD bowl. CNS market price, siguiente spike will occur in the overall cost of the market market России. This is a risk of risk. This is a risk of risk. However, high-core CPU has been increased, DDR5 has been increased, and IT has been increased, and the current market market has been increased. To answer your question about the market outlook, of course, there are still various variables that could impact supply and demand this year, including at what pace the parts supply issue will be eased, the possibility of additional increase in raw materials, and various geopolitical risks. But looking at the market, there are many factors that support a strong demand side. For example, there will be increased adoption of high-core CPUs, launch of new CPU that supports DDR5, and also expected increase of IT investment by major companies. So this supports the view that there will be fundamental strong demand, especially around servers. Also, if we look at the mobile side, demand is expected to remain solid, given the likely penetration of 5G, and also the adoption of new form factors by the major mobile OEMs. Now, on the supply side, there is definitely the lead time for the equipment overall and the industry. It's getting longer. Also, it's becoming more and more challenging to maintain the supply chain. And so, given that, I think it is more challenging to maintain the node migration and investment efficiency. Now, on the supply side, there is definitely the lead time for the equipment overall and the industry is getting longer. Also, it's becoming more and more challenging to maintain the node migration and investment efficiency. And so, given that, I think it is much more important ever than before to maintain the ability to respond to customer demand in a timely manner by maintaining the right product mix. And so, given that, I think it is much more important ever than before to maintain the ability to respond to customer demand in a timely manner by maintaining the right product mix.小心, yes, it is the price to determine the market price. So, yes, we can get more than that. Yes, it is much more important to see the impact of the market in a timely manner by the way for the soldering market mic. The price to be able to reach the source of the market. Yes, I mean, it's much more important to see the market. It's an easy move. It's really important to see the market market for the market market. So, according to the market market market, it also gives the market market price. The market market market market market stock market. This is a possible scenario, I think. The third party agency did announce its view that the market may actually change direction during the first half, and so we are adding this as one of the possible scenarios. The third party agency did announce its view of the QD display. The third party agency did announce its view of the QD display. The first question is that the QD display of the QD display is a product that has a good point of view. We have a product tinha to perform the QD display option. The third party agency did announce its view of the QD display. The first primary potential of QD display is the only one that can be qualified for the QD display. Thank you. Another question about the QD display, yes, we have heard that the market has high expectations, but also some concerns about the QD display. We started mass production of the QD display fourth quarter last year and have made deliveries to the customers. The customer response is that the QD display has definitely advantages compared to competing products. We are currently working with customers to have TVs and monitors using the QD display be positioned in the higher end of the premium product lineup. We believe that as our utilization improves, we would also be able to increase the shipments of our QD display. We believe that the QD display definitely will take position as a premium display. And we believe that as we are able to increase our shipments with improving utilization towards the end of this year, we will be able to see an increase in demand, especially around the premium products, by offering QD as a way of differentiating the performance in the ultra-large-sized TV and monitor market. The next question will be presented by Wonsik Lee from Korea Investment and Securities. Please go ahead with your question. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. To answer your first question, yes, as you know, in response to global demand for the advanced nodes, we have been going through unprecedented scales of investment and development and is maintaining the technology leadership in the advanced nodes. As we move on to the advanced nodes, the challenge of maintaining and securing initial stable yield has increased. Now, in terms of response, even though there has been somewhat of a delay in our initial advanced node ramp-up versus our plan, we do expect this to improve and stabilize gradually. And in order to address this, we are considering and looking into, for example, establishing the multi-paths faster than originally scheduled, by securing the infrastructure space, and making the optimized timing of the optimized timing of investments for ramp-up. And also working with the research center, dividing roles in order to establish plans in order to establish plans of better achieving yield early on in the advanced nodes. Well, to answer your second question, as you mentioned, the competition in the flexible OLED market is getting more intense. And we have been recognized the premium value in the OLED market with our continuous technology differentiation and performance improvements. And we are continuing to focus from various angles to maintain that leadership. We were the first company to succeed in mass production. We pioneered the OLED market. And during the past several decades of investments in R&D, we have accumulated a huge body of patents and know-how. Also, in order to protect our differentiated technology and further enhance the value, we have actually branded our proprietary OLED technology, such as Diamond Pixel or the Echo 2 display OLED for low-power technology, in order to establish our position and also to actively communicate to the market. We also believe that receiving the recognition for our IP and receiving the fair compensation for it is an important part of our obligations and responsibility. And currently, we're looking into various ways in order to get that guaranteed. Under today's ESG environment, it's important that proper business practices are honored and we will do our best to have that happen. Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On NAND Flash, there's been several announcements from your peers on 7th generation 3D NAND technology, as well as QLC, 4-bit sales for products, recently. In that context, could you update us on Samsung's strategy and roadmap for both, please? Thank you. Yes, good morning. Yes, good morning. Yes, good morning. Yes, good morning. Yes, good morning. Yes, good morning. 최근에 여러 회사들이 NAND 쪽에서 7세대 VNAND QLC에 대한 발표들을 했습니다. 이와 관련해서 삼성의 전략 그리고 이 각각 제품에서의 로드맵이 어떤지 말씀해 주시면 감사하겠습니다. 네, 답변 드리겠습니다. 저희는 5세대 VNAND부터 CTF 베이스의 QLC를 제공한 그런 제품을 서버하고 컨슈머 향으로 이미 출하하고 있고요. 그리고 특히 절대적인 우위를 확보하고 있는 엔터프라이즈 향 QLC SSD 시장에서 기술력을 바탕으로 해서 경쟁력 우위를 확보하고 있습니다. Yes, to answer your question, actually, we have been delivering for server and consumer applications starting from the fifth generation of VNAND that actually adopts the CTF QLC technology. And also, we have actually maintained the technology leadership in the market, especially for the enterprise QLC SSDs. 그리고 7세대 VNAND부터는 SSD, e-storage 등 거의 모든 운용의 요구를 만족하는 기술 리더십을 확보하려고 하고요. 본격적으로 올 CQLC 시대를 준비하기 위해서 저희 파트너 업체들과의 협력을 통한 에코를 형성 중입니다. Now, for the seventh generation VNAND, our focus is on establishing a technology leadership that satisfies the demands of all applications, including SSD and e-storage. And another focus is actually creating an ecosystem through cooperation with partners in preparation of a wider adoption of QLC. You've also asked about our road map. And for the seventh generation VNAND QLC, the launching timing will be decided based on customer schedules, priorities, and also the market situation. For reference, we're expecting at the PC application level, the demands of customers for QLC products will become more visible and tangible after this year. Yes, thank you. 마지막으로 저희가 온라인을 통해서 사전에 취합한 질문에 대해 답변 드리도록 하겠습니다. 지난번 실적 발표부터 개인 투자자들과의 소통 강화 및 이해 제고를 위해 홈페이지를 통해서 사전에 질문하실 수 있도록 했고 이번 분기에도 많은 분들께서 다양한 질문들을 남겨주셨습니다. 이 중 대부분은 앞서 진행된 질의응답 과정에서 충분히 설명이 된 것으로 보이며 거론되지 않은 질문 중에서 주주들의 관심도가 높은 두 가지 사안에 대해서 추가적으로 답변을 드리고 마치도록 하겠습니다. Finally, we will answer questions that were submitted online in advance. Starting from the last earnings call, we have been accepting questions via our webpage in advance of an earnings release as part of our efforts to strengthen communication with individual investors and to enhance understanding of the company. A variety of questions were submitted this quarter as well. I believe the majority of the submitted questions have already been sufficiently answered during the Q&A session, so we will answer two more questions on topics that garnered a high level of interest from shareholders but were not addressed during the Q&A session. 첫 번째 질문은 회사가 파운드리를 신규 육성 사업으로 키우고 있는데 한편으로 시장 경쟁도 치열한 것을 알고 있는데요. 성장 가속화를 위해 경쟁사 대비 삼성의 차별화점은 무엇인지 의견을 부탁드립니다. 이에 대해서는 파운드리의 강문수 부서장께서 답변해 주시겠습니다. 질문에서 말씀하신 대로 당사는 파운드리 사업 육성을 위해 전례 없는 투자와 앞선 기술 개발에 매진하고 있습니다. 특히 당사는 기술 리더십 확보에 집중하는 동시에 파운드리 업계 내 파트너십 강화를 통한 에코 시스템 확장을 추진하여 파운드리 소울스 편중에 대한 시장의 우려를 해결하고 파운드리 업계에서 더욱 의미 있는 솔루션이 되기 위한 노력을 지속하고 있습니다. 파운드리 업계의 연구원은 무엇인가요? 네, in order to develop our Foundry business, we have been executing unprecedented scale of investments and also focused on developing technology. And in addition to securing the technology leadership through these efforts, another focus of our Foundry business is to further expand the ecosystem by building strong partnerships with other companies within the Foundry industry. We believe this will help alleviate customers' concerns about foundry source concentration and also will be able to provide meaningful solutions for the entire foundry industry. Also, our focus is on developing a total system level solution using, for example, advanced packaging technologies such as 2.5D and 3D which can maximize both the density and performance. Also, we're leveraging our collaborative relationship with the memory division in order to provide solutions that are differentiated from other companies. Next question is the following. The global market demand for 5G smartphones is expected to grow significantly this year. Against this backdrop, what are Samsung Electronics's strategy on the lineup and sales expansion? This will be answered by VP Sunggu Kim of the MX division. Yes. 말씀해주신 것처럼 5G smartphone의 시장은 매우 고속 성장하고 있고, 올해는 스마트폰 판매량의 과반수 이상이 5G폰이 될 것으로 전망이 됩니다. MES entry level to the total price of 5G full line-up to build a MES 5G price of 5G. As you mentioned, the 5G smartphone market has been growing very rapidly. It is expected to continue this growth. Market outlook is that this year, 5G smartphones would account for more than half of the smartphone shipments in the entire market. In order to actively absorb this MES 5G replacement demand, we have prepared a full 5G line-up across the entire price range, starting from the flagship models of the S family and the foldable Z series, as well as the MES entry level. Thank you. Thank you. S series of the most successful experience of MES model. We will be able to get the best of the Galaxy premium experience of the S series. We will be able to get the best of the MES market. And on the trade side, we will reduce the 5G supply chain and the 5G supply chain through the business owners' expansion. Through this effort, we will continue to progress through the market with a high growth momentum. Our, especially our focus in terms of strategy, as we respond to the compete competition, the intense competition in the mass segment, is to leverage the Galaxy experience that we have. We have the excellent S-series experience, which we will roll out even to the mass tier model, so that all Galaxy users will be able to share and enjoy the premium Galaxy experience. Also on the sales side, we will be proposing 5G handsets, mass 5G handsets, to all of our channels, and also look into collaboration with the carriers in order to increase 5G handset sales, which will also benefit the carriers in terms of further upside in their ARPU. Through these initiatives, we will focus on continuing the high growth momentum versus market this year. Yes. I do not want to give you any questions. Yes. I would like to thank you very much for your story. Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you. Due to time constraints, we are unfortunately unable to answer every question that was submitted. However, I would like to thank anyone to thank everyone and everyone, sir. Thank you very much for all of us. Thanks. Due to time constraints, we are unfortunately unable to answer every question that was submitted. that was submitted however I would like to thank everyone who shared their opinion providing us with valuable information to refer in our decision making process and that completes our conference call this quarter we wish all of you and those close to you stay strong and in good health thank you