 Good morning and good evening.
 Thank you all for joining this conference call.
 And now we will begin the conference
 of fiscal year 2021, fourth quarter earnings results by Samsung Electronics.
 conference will start with a presentation followed by a Divisional Q&A session.
 If you have a question, please perhaps start one.
 That is, start anyone on your phone during the Q&A.
 for cancellation, please press Start 2.
 that is our entry on your phone.
 Now, we shall commence the presentation
 the fiscal year 2021 fourth quarter earnings results by Samsung Electronics.
 Thanks.
 Welcome, everyone.
 to Ben's health from investor relations.
 Thank you for joining our fourth quarter, 2021 Earnings Call.
 For additional details regarding our quarterly results,
 please refer to our earnings presentation,
 available on our IR website at www.samsung.com, global, IR.
 The call with me today representing each of our business units are EVP, Han Jin-man representing
 memory, VP Kenny Han for system LSI, EVP Kang Mun-soo for Foundry, EVP Choi Geon-young
 for Samsung Display, VP Kim Jong-Goo for Mobile Experience,
 or MX, which is a previous mobile division.
 and VP FD Chung for Digital Appliances.
 I would like to remind you that some of the statements we will be making today are forward
 looking, based on the environment as we currently see it, and all such statements are subject
 to certain risks and uncertainties
 that may cause our actual results to be materially different
 from those expressed in today's discussion.
 Also, please note that last December, we merged the I.M. and C. divisions to form the
 D.M.
 ex-division.
 However, as this was just announced in December, we have maintained the IM&C distinction in
 in our earnings call materials, as well as in portions
 of this presentation.
 for consistency with our Q1 to Q3 results.
 With that, I would first like to present the results for the fourth quarter.
 I'm pleased to report that we once again delivered record results by leveraging our differentiated
 products and technology leadership despite the challenging macro environment.
 revenue in the fourth quarter grew 3.5% sequentially to 76.6 trillion won, setting a consecutive
 all-time quarterly high, driven mainly by our finished product businesses.
 The expanded sales of premium smartphones, including photo bowls, as well as TVs and
 home appliances amid year-end peak seasonality.
 We set records for total revenue in a respective quarter for each quarter in 2021, resulting
 in a record annual revenue of $280 trillion won.
 profit increased by 0.5 trillion won sequentially to 31.6 trillion won, led by expanded sales
 of premium smartphones, but gross margin decreased slightly, primarily due to a decline in memory
 prices.
 SG&A expenses were up $2.5 trillion one quarter on quarter to $17.8 trillion one, mainly due
 to increase-
 increased spending on R&D in advertising and promotional activities.
 As a percentage of sales, they increased by 2.6 percentage points.
 Operating profit was 13.9 trillion won, down from the previous quarter,
 due to a special bonus payment to employees,
 a decline in memory prices
 and a seasonal rise in marketing costs for smart phones
 On a year-on-year basis, however,
 both operating profit and operating margin increased substantially
 driven by our semiconductor businesses.
 I will now briefly review the results of each business unit.
 In memory, results declined versus the prior quarter as ASP edged lower.
 growth for the quarter came in below guidance as considering our low inventory levels in
 the market outlook, we refrain from excessive bit shipment efforts.
 compared to last year
 The results improved significantly, driven by solid demand across overall applications,
 as well as increases in our advanced node portion and ASP.
 In Foundry, even though increased overall supply resulted in a new high for revenue, profitability
 decrease slightly quarter on quarter due to a rise in costs associated with advanced processes.
 On a year-on-year basis, results improved due to the start of operations at the S5 FAB
 in conjunction with price adjustments.
 In display, earnings continue to improve for the mobile panel
 business, driven by a continuation of solid demand from key customers' new smartphones,
 and increased sales in new application areas.
 However, the large panel business saw its losses wide and considerably due to declines
 and LCD ASPs and initial costs related to QT display.
 For the MX business, revenue increased slightly, led by expanded sales of premium products
 such as foldables, and solid sales of device ecosystem
 product.
 Profit decreased quarter on quarter due to an increase in year-end marketing costs,
 including for foldables, but increased year on year.
 The network results improved sequentially as revenue grew both at home and abroad.
 In the CE business, composed of visual display and digital appliances, we delivered record
 high quarterly revenue on the back of strong sales of premium products during
 year-end seasonality
 but profit declined slightly quarter on quarter
 a mid-rising cost including for logistics
 regarding currency effects
 Negatives from overall weakness in major emerging currencies against the Korean one, mainly
 affecting the finished product businesses were eclipsed by positives from a strong
 dollar, which mainly affects the DS division.
 The net result was a positive impact of approximately 300 billion won on operating profit compared
 to the previous quarter.
 Next, I would like to share our business outlook.
 In the first quarter for semiconductor businesses, memory will actively address a projected recovery
 of demand, and Foundry will push to stabilize yield and increase supply of key components
 reflection products.
 Our finished product businesses will focus on maintaining solid profitability by strengthening
 leadership in premium segments with launches of new smartphones and TVs.
 In memory, although there are lingering uncertainties, we will concentrate on optimizing our business
 portfolio, including through increased sales of advanced
 node products to support the server and PC demand recovery, and also via sales growth
 of high-value ad products.
 For the system LSI, we will focus on supplying essential SOCs and CISs for our key customers
 flagship product
 And for Foundry, we will continue to prioritize expanding
 supply by improving production and yield at advanced processes.
 In display, despite weak seasonality for smartphones, we expect the mobile panel of business to
 to deliver improved results year on year.
 driven by releases of new smartphones by major customers
 and an expansion of the foldable display customer base.
 In the large panel business, losses are likely to be partially mitigated with the mass production
 of QD display.
 In the M.X. business, despite supply constraints, we expect to deliver revenue and profit growth,
 as well as solid margin, led by releases of new flagship models,
 expanded sales of 5G smartphones for the mass market,
 and increased sales of tablets and wearables.
 We're Network.
 we target to win new opportunities from European and other global customers.
 receive businesses amid week seasonality for TVs and a protected dip in demand for home appliances,
 We will endeavor to improve profitability by focusing on sales of premium products, expanding
 our new category product lineup and increasing the portion of online sales.
 sales.
 Now let's move on to the outlook for 2022.
 Under expectations of a recovery in global IT demand, our component business
 This will increase the advanced node portion of production.
 and enhanced leadership in technology.
 and in the finished product businesses,
 we will continue to strengthen our leadership
 line-ups in premium segments as we strive to create new user experiences by enhancing
 connectivity and synergies between our devices.
 prices.
 however
 Challenges associated with supply issues and COVID-19 are likely to persist.
 During this year, we will also promote partnerships,
 secure technology
 and execute investments to gain leadership
 in future growth areas, such as 5G, AI, cloud,
 I.
 IoT and the Metaverse.
 For the memory business, we expect demand to increase as enterprises ramp up IT investments,
 So there are uncertainties such as the extent to which supply issues will ease.
 In accordance, we will continue to enhance our leadership by expanding supply of high
 performance products, an increasing application of our industry
 leading EUV technology.
 This TMLSI will grow its business by reinforcing its lineup of SOCs, including models targeting
 the 5G volume zone and foundry aims to outpace market growth by extending our technology
 leadership
 with mass production of the first generation GAA process.
 along with increasing supply to global customers.
 For display, in the mobile panel business, we expect demand for OrlyD to continue to
 increase based on rising penetration of 5G and growth
 of the foldable market. And we will further strengthen the foundation for stable growth
 by expanding OILID into new application areas as well.
 The large panel business will work to secure technology leadership in the premium segment
 QT display while it closes the LCD lines as planned.
 The MX Business targets increasing market share by
 concentrating on innovations and flagship products,
 for the differentiating user experiences.
 and also expanding our mass market 5G smartphone lineup.
 Moreover, we will seek to grow sales of device ecosystem products by enhancing the value
 delivered to customers.
 The network, we will focus on capturing 5G network demand
 and winning new global customers.
 All as we continue to further strengthen our technologies,
 including custom development of Core 5G chips.
 receive businesses
 we will further solidify our market leadership
 and pursue growth by continuing to expand sales
 premium product lines, such as nail trilly D and bespoke, and by diversifying the overall
 lineup with lifestyle and new home appliance products.
 Next, I would like to tease an achievement in sustainability management, but to see
 He has keynote address on January 4th.
 We outlined our eco-friendly initiatives for a sustainable future.
 We believe that consumers and companies together can contribute to a better future by embracing
 sustainable products.
 To this end, we unveiled a range of ambitious, eco-friendly activities.
 For example, in manufacturing displays, including for TVs, we are using 30 times more recycled
 plastic this year than we did last year.
 And we are moving toward incorporating recycled materials
 in all mobile products and home appliances by 2025.
 In addition, our company ranked fourth
 in the Digital Inclusion Benchmark is announced in December by the World Benchmarking Alliance,
 a global alliance dedicated to sustainability management.
 We earn this accolade thanks to our strong support
 for the technology innovation ecosystem.
 through C-Lab Outside, an initiative aimed at nurturing
 startups in Korea, as well as disclosing our AISX principles
 centering on equity, transparency, and responsibility.
 possibility.
 Furthermore, we participated in a pilot project
 organized by Korea's Ministry of Environment to reduce work site waste.
 And on December 31st, our Ki-Hoon campus
 received top honors for its efforts.
 which included strengthening recycling programs in offices,
 establishing a standard for minimizing the packaging
 for raw and semi-processed materials,
 and expanding recycling of waste materials.
 Our work in this area demonstrates our commitment
 to creating environmental and social value.
 in addition to achieving growth.
 and we will continue to strengthen our ESG management
 by fulfilling our social responsibility
 is a leading global company.
 Let me now move on to capital expenditures.
 The annual capex for 2021 was 48.2 trillion won with 43.6 trillion won invested in semiconductor
 and 2.6 trillion won in display.
 business
 memory concentrated its investment
 on capacity expansions and process migrations.
 at fabs in pyeongtaek and shian
 to address demand for advanced nodes, including
 UV-based 15-nanometer DRAM and six-generation V-NAN,
 as well as on infrastructure at P3.
 Investments in memory increase year on year as we are at the lead of an inflection point
 in technology and are thus preemptively investing in application of next-generation technologies
 such as UV.
 We are executing the investments with a focus on technology leadership.
 And as a result, we can maintain an efficient investment level when considering our bid
 each year.
 a mid-to-long-term perspective.
 the foundry
 Investments concentrated on capacity expansions for advanced 5-nanometer EUV nodes in Pyeongtaek.
 Display investments centered on mobile modules and QD displays.
 Finally, let me address the board of directors today approved a quarterly dividend of
 of 361 one per share for common stock
 and 362.1 per share for preferred stock.
 the total payout
 for the fourth quarter is approximately 2.45 trillion
 which is in line with the totals in 2021's previous quarters.
 This represents one-fourth of the annual total of $9.8 trillion in accordance with the current
 shareholder return policy.
 The dividend will be paid after final approval at the annual general meeting of shareholders.
 When we announced the current three-year shareholder return policy in January of last year, we
 We said that we will disclose the annual free cash flow each year to enhance clarity on the
 shareholder return pool.
 and if fifty percent of the free cash flow significantly exceeds the annual
 dividend, we would consider an earlier return.
 The total free cash flow for 2021 was 19.6 trillion won, 50% of which is approximately
 9.8 trillion won.
 the annual projected annual dividend for 2021 is also $9.8 trillion won. There was no additional
 pull for an earlier return. While we achieved solid results in 2021, as I mentioned earlier,
 We required a considerable amount of capex
 to accelerate migration to next generation technologies
 memory and to secure competitiveness in foundry.
 And there were also impacts of increased working capital, such as the need to secure additional
 inventory amid uncertainties of component supply.
 Although we did not generate a surplus in 2021, we believe our efforts will lead to
 significant future growth and contribute to increasing
 shareholder value.
 In 2022, we will once again step up our efforts to improve our performance by extending our
 product and technology leadership, increasing cost competitiveness, and improving profitability
 capability.
 Well, thank you.
 also enhancing capital management efficiency.
 I will now turn the conference call over to the gentlemen from each business unit to
 to present fourth quarter performances and outlooks
 to their corresponding business segment.
 we will start with the memory business.
 Thank you.
 Good morning. This is Hanjin Ma from Memory Global Sales and Marketing Office.
 The fourth quarter, memory demand centered on the server remained solid, but our performance
 declined somewhat compared to the previous quarter due to a continuation of global supply
 chain issues, slide driving ASP, and payment of one of the special incentives.
 It came in below initial bid growth guidance as we framed from making excessive bid shipments
 consideration of our limited inventory conditions and also the market outlook.
 In DRAM, impacts on set bill from global supply chain issues differed by degree, but were
 failed throughout all applications.
 But so far, however, demand remains strong, thanks to an increasing GM content per box
 will increase adoption of high-core CPUs.
 amid a continuation of solid end demand.
 For graphics, graphics card supply shortage remained, as demand stayed robust, backed
 by strong demand for gaming PCs along with rising demand for crypto mining.
 PC and mobile have felt relatively more effects of set build disruptions caused by component
 supply issues.
 In DC, consumers continue their tendency to adjust inventory.
 in mobile
 Major smartphone manufacturers released new 5G models, with concurrent risks, such as
 spread of a COVID variant impacted memory demand to some extent.
 Based on pre-empty product mix adjustment, we actively address an increase in sovereign graphics demand.
 And to enhance competitiveness, we continue to increase our cutting-edge portion of processes.
 Even so, we were below big growth guidance.
 as we try to optimize supply plan, considering our inventory condition and market outlook.
 Next I will talk about the NAND market.
 The service SSD, the fundamental demand for major data sent to customers was robust, but
 But there are some market effects related to disruptions in the IC component supply
 The demand for client SST was somewhat stagnant because of inventory adjustment by some customers
 and set bill disruptions caused by component supply issues.
 In the case of mobile, supply and demand of APs were disrupted, and memory demand fell slightly.
 But the high-density trend continued.
 thanks to impacts of peak and ERC's now
 We focused on optimizing sales, such as reducing vapor shipments, as well as strengthening
 high-value solution businesses in consideration of our inventory situation, while identifying
 impacts on production caused by changes in line operation due to the lockdown in Xi'an.
 In addition, we continue to strengthen our competitiveness by increasing our cutting
 edge-portional processes and by expanding the server business, we are actively addressing
 growth in high-end high-capacity demand.
 Now let me show you the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 In the case of DRAM, some uncertainties
 are likely to persist, but we expect issues related to component supply and demand to
 Disappear.
 And we are seeing signs of improvements in set bills, mainly by server and PC.
 For several, we expect demand to remain strong thanks to the high-density trend alongside
 increasing investment, centering on data centers, while the high-core CPU portion continues
 to increase. As demand for PC improves, mainly for corporate oriented high-end laptops, demand
 will increase for cutting-edge products such as DDR5 and as some customers complete inventory
 adjustment, we think impacts of flow systemality will partially ease.
 For mobile, we expect the demand base to be reasonably solid as major manufacturers launch
 products based on new form factors and increase the portion of LPDDR5.
 However, risks such as operations due to the spread of COVID variant need to be carefully
 monitored.
 will keep working to maximize the quality of our business portfolio
 by selling products of our cutting edge node
 and extending sales of high-value products while
 actively addressing customer demand from overall
 applications. In the end, for server SSD, we expect demand for server builds to be robust
 Thanks to continuing investment, many data centers.
 We should keep an eye on corporate demand along with the spread of COVID variants in
 In the PC market, building demand will recover mainly for laptops, along with gradual improvements
 in component supply issues.
 And for mobile, despite being a mid-slow systemality,
 We expect a high density trend for storage to persist,
 as manufacturers launch new 5G models.
 We plan to minimize risk of supply disruptions by securing a diverse product portfolio centered
 on high-value products while returning to normal production operation after the lockdown
 in Xi'an being lifted. Now let's move on to the full year outlook under the risk of demand
 fluctuations, such as ones related to the pace of mitigation of component
 supply constraint, as well as chances of prolonged effects of a COVID-19 variant, we ask for
 understanding in that it is difficult to provide specific annual growth guidance.
 Therefore, I like to share a view of the market situation for each application.
 Thanks for subber.
 DM content per box is projected to keep rising, thanks to the adoption of new CPUs supporting
 DDR5, and the expansion of AI-oriented servers centered on data centers.
 In addition, coupled with the expansion of investment by major companies, set bill demand
 Deferred by last year's component issues should lead to solid set bill growth.
 On the other hand, for PCs, we need to monitor detailed impacts on demand as a delayed return
 to daily life, triggered by a new variant, would impact demand from contactless services,
 such as education, gaming, and others.
 immediate expected increase in replacement demand
 the content per box due to spread of a new OS.
 For mobile, we do resumption of 5G infrastructure investment by countries and strengthening
 of 5G line-up by manufacturers,
 Antemper box is likely to keep rising.
 focusing on major manufacturers.
 and set stupements,
 Centering on the low to mid-price models are also anticipated to rise amid growth in the
 emerging market.
 based on preemptively managing our product mix
 to align with market conditions,
 actively address market demand by expending our supply portion of high-performance products
 such as HPVM for graphic and cutting edge interspaces like DDR5 and LPDDR5.
 based on high value solution oriented portfolio management
 and our industry leading EUV capabilities,
 We'll focus on qualitative growth through stable,
 continual cost reductions and strengthened mortgages.
 Good morning.
 This is Kenny Han from the system LSI business.
 In the fourth quarter, we are going to have a meeting with the president of the U.S.
 Last year, we reached our record high for quarterly revenue, driven by an increase in
 demand for SOCs, DVIs, and PMICIS as major mobile customers
 launched new flagship products.
 However, operating profits are slightly due to the influence of a special to improve our
 performance even further in the coming quarter, we have started supply of our flagship phone
 nanometer SOC, featuring on AMD GPU for the first time, as well as related products.
 In addition, our 108 megapixel image sensors have been increasingly selected by our customers
 for adoption in their upcoming major models.
 In the first quarter of this year, effects of year-end with seasonality for the mobile
 industry and inventory adjustments by Chinese-except companies are likely to continue, but demand
 for OLED-DDI, NFC, ESC, and PMIC products
 is expected to stay strong.
 As a major customer,
 launch flagship smartphones, we plan to focus on expanding supply of SOCs with a significant
 to improve GPU and PU capabilities as well as ultra-high-resolution image sensors.
 In 2022, I'm maximizing supply of volume-john 5G SOCs and technology leading 108 and 200
 megapixel revenue growth to accelerate yield on year while probability should rise on the
 Good morning.
 This is Moonsu Kang from the Foundry Business.
 In the fourth quarter, we outpaced industry growth and set a new high for Q4 revenue.
 In particular, we continue to increase sales to large-scale HPC customers and also establish
 the base for future growth.
 by securing orders from new large customers in HPC applications.
 In addition, we work to improve our response to customer demand with efforts to stabilize
 the global supply chain, confirming new tab investments
 in Taylor, USA, and in Korea.
 However, there were also headwinds as we were unable to fully satisfy customer demand amid
 the supply disruption and profitability
 slightly due to delay in ramping of advanced nodes.
 In the first quarter of 2022, we expect the industry to remain in tight supply across
 all nodes and our advanced node portion which increase significantly from Q4 to keep rising.
 In this, we will focus on improving yield in advanced process nodes to enhance our supplies
 stability and profitability.
 through strengths in our technology leadership.
 We will complete the qualification of first generation GAA process, 3GAE, for mass production
 in the first half of this year, and we will continue to develop the second generation
 GAA process, 3GAP, as scheduled.
 The Foundry Market in 2022, we expect supply to remain tight due to rapid penetration of
 5G technology.
 solid HPC demand, growing outsourcing by IDM, and a need to build up safety inventory
 amid prolonged pandemic.
 We will continue our technology leadership through mass production of the 3GAE process
 in the first half.
 and we aim to exceed market growth on a full year basis.
 by expanding capacity of advanced nodes.
 normalizing prices to ensure future investment.
 and adding new customers to our global client base.
 Thank you
 Good morning, I'm Gunyoung Choi from the Business Planning Department at Samsung Display.
 In the fourth quarter, the mobile display business sustained upward trend in earnings
 following the previous quarter backed by robust sales of small phones with the OLED displays,
 which are now mainstream in the premium segment
 and also by the competitiveness and the stability of something to replace supply chain management.
 In addition to 10 revenues of products for notebook pieces and gaming, increased steeply
 quarter on quarter contributing to our earning scores.
 Meanwhile, in the logic display business,
 We have successfully mass produced and delivered our QT displays for TVs and monitors, which
 which have garnered positive reviews from our customers.
 Next, let me share the outlook for the first quarter
 of 2022, for the mobile display business, we
 project that release of our new product by major customers and increasing
 adoption of the mitigate with effect.
 self-rexizionality.
 However, given persistence
 and supply issues over the test DDIs.
 For the large display business, were the QT display TVs and monitors having made their
 official market debut, we expect losses to narrow gradually.
 Finally, I will share our look for the display market in Samsung Display's core strategies
 for 2022.
 For the mobile display business, despite protected macro risks such as a once-related to the
 fat tapering, as well as the Omicron variant of COVID-19.
 We expect adoption of already displaced to keep expanding this year,
 by rising penetration of 5G smart points
 and the growth of all the display markets.
 The last market trend was to create a favourable business environment for something displayed.
 As for the IKID market, we expect growth to slow compared to last year and rising sales
 in the premium segment are likely to accelerate penetration of already displaced.
 We plan to strike a balance in the mobile display business structure with both flexible
 and raise the OLED.
 To that end, we plan to expand adoption of flexible ORD to more than just high-end devices
 by providing its astounding technological capabilities
 to the mid-range segment as well.
 We'll also diversify applications for rigid disk OAD,
 ranging from IT to gaming to automotive,
 based on our unrivaled production capacity and cost-competition.
 or the large display business, we expect
 or to a larger display and differentiated the products
 to drive a solid demand for premium TVs.
 and we'll focus on securing leadership
 the premium TV and monitor segments through QT displays.
 Thank you.
 Good morning.
 Good morning, this is Sung-Guk Kim from the MX Business.
 I'd like to discuss the Q4 2021 resource and outlook for the MX and Network business.
 Q4 2021, the market grew compared to the previous quarter due to year-end seasonality.
 As for the MX business, despite the component supply shortage,
 Revenue increased slightly QOQ.
 In particular, in the new market that we created with an innovative phone vector,
 Our foldable G-series model G4-3 and G-Flip-3 have garnered positive feedback for their
 goodness, design, durability, and user experience that
 are tailored to affordable.
 This contributed to increase sales and we believe foldovers are smoothly entering the mainstream.
 also the Galaxy Active Marketing and even further enhanced user experience with the new
 new one UI 4.0.
 Accordingly, our premium smartphone sales increased.
 Solid surge of our device ecosystem products including pieces, tablets and wearable devices
 with their enhanced and seamless connected experience also contributed to the in the meantime
 investments in active marketing to mainstream photo booths and preparations to launch new
 models in Q1 2022 affected profitability to soak.
 The network business improved its performance compared to the previous quarter, driven by
 the growth of domestic and overseas business.
 Now, let me give you the outlook for Q1 2022.
 Demand for smartphone and tablets is expected to decrease due to seasonality, as well as
 uncertainty surrounding components. In our MX business, we strive to expand the customer base
 for our flagship products by fulfilling custom needs with the Galaxy S21 FE, which preserves
 Core user experience of Galaxy S21 and comes in a diverse range of color options or add-on
 Also, a new Galaxy S series model featuring the best Galaxy performance and experience
 will enhance customer retention of our premium products.
 In turn, this will lift the standard for contribute to increased sales of our flagship smartphones
 as well as an increase in overall smartphone ASP.
 Also, our competitive 5G lineup for the mass market, we are attached as a podium driver
 by addressing replacement demand and thus actively
 these gross opportunities in the market.
 In addition, we will continue to focus on increasing sales
 of our device ecosystem products.
 such as wearables, pieces, and tablets
 actively promoting the enhanced compact connected experience. We will strive to secure solid
 profitability in Q1 2022 omit an unstable component supply situation.
 The network business aims to secure additional new contracts in the global markets, including
 Next, let me provide an outlook for 2022.
 uncertainties including prolonged pandemic and component supply issues for market to continue
 to grow in 2022 following substantial wearable market is projected to see strong double-digit
 In our MX business, we will continue to pursue user experience-driven innovation to solidify
 leadership in the flexion market. We are also strengthening the tailored experience of each
 product, including the ultimate flagship experience with the Galaxy S series and optimized Galaxy
 G-series experience to cater to various lifestyles and needs of our customers.
 In the mass market, we are not only strengthening our 5G line-up, but also expanding the application
 of our convenient and differentiated experience and enhanced product completeness.
 With these efforts, we aim to increase our smartphone market share.
 Also, we will keep enhancing customer value by continually adding to our differentiated
 user experience, which includes consistent and convenient connected experience across
 devices in our device ecosystem.
 by further strengthening, furthermore we will extend such convenient connected experience
 beyond MX products to TV and home appliances to enrich the
 value that our customer experience in daily lives.
 By doing so, we strive to achieve material growth in 2022,
 and bolster profitability with an improved product mix,
 and enhanced operational efficiency.
 The network business will focus on actively expanding its overseas business while also
 responding to the extension of the 5G network. We will thoroughly prepare for the future
 continue our efforts to strengthen our technology and competitiveness including our own 5G chipset.
 Thank you for your attention
 Good morning, I'm F. T. Chung from the Sage and Marketing team of Digital Appliances,
 and I will address business condition of C-Businesses.
 First, I would like to review the market condition and our performance in the first quarter of 2021.
 The TV market grew color on color amid fixed neutrality, but decreased compared to the
 previous year, when he was affected by his strong pent-up demand.
 By working closely with the channel partner in other bands, Samsung preemptively targets
 decision on the demand, starting at end of October.
 An expanded stage may not be as important as the
 I will see you next time.
 product, such as neocury demodels and lifestyles things.
 However, operating property decrease slightly,
 colon, colon, due to cost to fractures such as global logistic issues.
 For this type of variance in the fourth column, market goes slow due to diminishing impact
 of the cancer demand, and material and risk cost stayed on the uptrend seen in the previous
 This is the end of the video.
 We improved our mix via increasing sales with a focus of premium products, such as bespoke
 and new category for them.
 In addition, through improving our operation efficiency
 and the reducing cost.
 We achieved the better result compared to the previous score, despite the numerals in
 the external environment.
 Now, let us look at the outlook for the first quarter of 2022 and 2022 as a whole.
 We expect the overall TV marketing Q1 to decrease,
 call-on call-off following the year end peak season.
 and also coming lower compared to the same period of last year,
 when it was affected by a continuation of a strong effect of pent-up demand, mainly advanced market.
 We plan to push expand sales by capturing demand mainly for premium products by actively
 leveraging a number of promotional opportunities, such as those associated with major sporting
 event.
 Furthermore, we will lead the market by strengthening sales in the life-size screen category,
 including the freestyle which was released the NCES this year and improved our results.
 So these are applied in the first column.
 We expect demand for home appliances to decline slightly,
 You're on the air.
 Also, we expect to continue field effect of increase
 in logistics and the material cost.
 We will target the premium market more aggressively.
 by expanding the BISPAC code line up.
 mainly in other bands to not care.
 such as North America and New York.
 Also, we plan to expand sales by providing our customers
 with a differentiated variance, offering significant
 to expanded consumer contact points both online and offline.
 In addition, we will secure profitability
 by continuing to improve our cost efficient throughout our operation.
 regarding the TV market in 2022,
 We expect market uncertainty to consist, including those triggered by COVID-19, an external issue
 involving supply and logistics.
 However, we also expect the demands to keep rising
 for premium and super big TV.
 Samsung will focus on targeting demand for an increasing stage of innovative premium
 product.
 including our next-gen micro-LED and neo-QLED models.
 at the same time
 We will strengthen our salesable life-size screen, our own differentiated product line,
 and expand the TV accessory ecosystem,
 while also providing difference as a user experience
 and creating new demands through various sub-species
 and the butt hole, which is optimized for in-home
 activities, like a media and gaming.
 In the digital appliance market in 2022,
 market growth of home appliances will probably be sluggish year on year, but we expect to
 see demand as you are for the new category product that
 reflect changing lipo-style trend and also slight demand growth in the emerging
 We will continue to grow by rendering global sales, we are expanding the areas of, we
 We hope for we differentiate this bulk product also by expanding line-up by region.
 And to the leader market, we keep launching new categories, sort of, that reflect the
 changing consumer needs.
 Furthermore, by extending use of modular products and thus increasing productivity,
 will enhance operational efficiency and also secure supply continuity to pre-empty-vibralty
 Manage a future external risk.
 Thank you.
 That sums up the presentations.
 Before we move on to the Q&A session, I would like to share several data points in key business areas.
 the heightened macro uncertainties, we will not be providing annual guidance at this time.
 In the fourth quarter for DRAM, our bit gross decreased by a percentage in the mid-single
 digits.
 an ASP declined by a similar magnitude.
 In the first quarter of 2022 we expect market bid gross to fall by low single-digit percentage
 and we should be similar to the market.
 In the fourth quarter, both our bid gross and ASP declined in the low single-digit percentage
 range.
 For the first quarter of 2022, we expect market bid gross to decrease by a low single digit
 and our bit growth should slightly outperform the market.
 In the display business, in the fourth quarter, our oily portion of sales was in the high
 90% range, and oily decels volume grew by low single digit
 turning to wireless sales volume in the fourth quarter with approximately 72
 two million units for handsets, and seven million units for tablets, with a blended
 a-
 ESP of $253.
 the smartphone portion of handset sales volume
 was in the mid-90% range.
 for the first quarter of two thousand and twenty two
 we expect to see
 see sequential increases in handset and tablet cell volume,
 as well as in blended ASP.
 The smartphone portion of handset sales should stay similar in the mid-90s.
 In the TV business in the fourth quarter of two thousand and in the fourth quarter of
 of 2021.
 sales volume grew by a percentage approaching the mid-teens.
 And in this quarter, we expect sales volume to decline
 by low single digit percentage.
 With that, I will now move on to the Q&A session.
 we will start taking questions from the conference call.
 All right.
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Let's start with the question.
 If you have any questions, please press the notification and number of the phone.
 Now, KNA session will begin, please press Start 1, that is, Start End 1 if you have any questions.
 one, that is star N1 if you have any questions.
 Questions will be taken according to the other U.S. press
 to start in number one.
 For a cancellation, please press Start 2.
 That is our NTU on your phone.
 The first question will be presented by J.J. Park from J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, thank you for the question.
 There are two questions.
 In the capex part earlier,
 the memory capex has been increased last year.
 Could you tell us what happened to the DLM and the NAND portion?
 Thank you very much.
 And I would like to ask you to give us a brief overview of the whole year.
 The second one is about the show's return.
 Last year, I think there was no such thing as free cash flow,
 I think there was no child control.
 But the amount of child control is over 100 trillion won right now,
 Q. Is there an upside in the return of the shoulder?
 Not just last year, but last year, when I saw it,
 If you have any additional concerns, please let us know.
 Thank you.
 Oh, I have two questions.
 The first question is about the memory capex.
 You said that the memory capix last year increased.
 Can you give us that divided into the NAND versus the DRAM
 related capital spending last year
 Also, can you give us some guidance
 for CAPEX memory this year?
 The second question is about the shareholder return.
 during the presentation, you mentioned that 50% of the fee
 cash flow for last year is roughly the same as the
 distributable profits for this year and therefore there would not be any additional
 a pool of funds available for shareholder return.
 But I also noticed that the company does have on hand where
 than 100 trillion won of net cash.
 And so maybe not last year, but perhaps this year.
 Can we expect any upside on the shareholder return?
 is the company considering it's not that cash size when it
 to decide shareholder return for this year?
 I'm going to tell you about investment.
 Our 21-year-old memory investment fund has been closed for more than 20 years.
 It's hard to find a specific breakdown,
 but it's a whole investment,
 To answer your first question about the memory capex,
 I guess, as we mentioned, the overall memory capex in 2021
 did increase ear over ear.
 It's difficult to give you the breakdown between DRAM
 and NAN, but overall there wasn't increase
 in the facility equipment related kept expending.
 In order to respond to the increase in the number of COs that have been damaged in the early stages of the year,
 and the development of the new technology.
 The development of the new technology was the main reason for the development of the new technology.
 To explain the reasons why there was an increase in CAPEX, mainly it's explained by how we
 We have expanded our advanced node-related equipment and also invested more in the node
 migration in order to respond to the increasing demand that was above what was expected during
 the start of last year.
 So another main reason for our CEPPEX is our preemptive investments that we're making
 in next generation technology, such as EUV, as we go through a technology inflection point.
 But this all is consistent with our CAPTX policy of executing
 have fixed equipment investments flexibly in line with the market situation.
 And through this strategic investment, we are looking at the level of supply of the supply of electricity in the market.
 We are looking at the level of supply of electricity based on the technique of washing our shoulders.
 And so we believe that the supply-bift growth that we are achieving is in line with the
 market demand levels because we execute flexibly
 our equipment related investments.
 We do pursue bit growth around the leading technology
 And I think that is why, compared to at least the share that we have, our investment size
 in a mutual long-term perspective is not high.
 In order to tell you a little bit about the investment in 2022,
 and it is expected to be longer than the previous forecast.
 You've both asked for some guidance for TEPPEX this year, actually given the various
 uncertainties, we are still actually discussing specific investments plans for this year,
 So our basic approach is that we will tap both investments and productivity improvements
 in order to generate the bit growth this year.
 Also, as we prepare the planning and the execution of our investment plans, we are aware that
 there is a tendency of equipment delivery lead times getting
 longer due to the supply chain issue.
 The second question is,
 since the beginning of last year,
 from 2021 to 2023,
 and the government's decision to invest in the future.
 And since then, a year has passed since then.
 When we look at the situation,
 it's actually more complicated than we thought it would be.
 The cash flow has increased as expected,
 To answer your second question, when the three-year shareholder return policy that was announced
 early last year, covering periods of 2021 to 2023,
 actually took into account the global uncertainties and the expected increase of cash needs for the company.
 Now, looking back at the past one year, the global uncertainty actually was more aggravated
 than we had anticipated, and cash needs increases increased
 as expected.
 And so even though last year, the business results
 improved, our net cash position has stayed almost the same.
 And because we are running the largest global production network in the IT industry,
 But the need for a driver's license is a big issue.
 And last year, also, I went through the production process that Austin and Sian had never expected.
 Also, in order to continue to grow in our organic growth,
 Inorganic growth, as you know, we operate the largest and the highest level of a global
 production network in the IT industry,
 which requires a large scale of operating capital.
 last year, we also went through some unexpected production
 disruptions in Austin and the Schoen fabs.
 Also we always need to keep the capabilities to execute
 inorganic growth opportunities in order to maintain
 and consistent growth.
 So when we look at these kinds of cases in general,
 However, because the conservative cash management is still necessary,
 it seems that it is not appropriate to give a big change to the policy that is being implemented at the moment.
 However, we will continue to worry about more efficient capital management.
 Thank you.
 So considering all of those factors,
 The company believes it is not appropriate at this point to bring any major changes to
 It's a shareholder return policy, given the fact that
 conservative cash operation is necessary.
 Now that said, raising the efficiency of its capital
 management is something that the company continues to focus on.
 The next question will be presented by Sunggyu Kim from Daiwa Capital Market.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, hello. Thank you for the question.
 I have a question about the memory and the family.
 First of all, the memory is related to the disaster in the cream room.
 This year, we expect to have a clean room space space restriction on the DRAM side.
 But when I think about the current low recovery rate,
 Then DLM's, that's the amount of release?
 The amount of release, on the side of the B-cross,
 It seems that there will be a possibility to lower the growth rate of market and competition this year.
 In the end of the year, there has been a change in the economy, but if you have any opinion on this, please share it with us.
 In terms of the price, it is related to the original price rise.
 Recently, due to the source material and water leak, the temperature level seems to have increased dramatically.
 How long will it take for this situation to continue?
 Thank you.
 My first question is about the DRAM clean room space.
 you looking at the information you may actually have a limited
 clean room space for your DRAM this year. Also, your inventory levels are relatively
 This may imply that you may actually, in terms of fifth growth,
 underperform the market or your competitors on the DRAM side.
 There was a change of management at the end of last year.
 Considering all of that, can you share your opinion
 regarding the clean room space limitations and
 how.
 how you plan to respond to that.
 Second question is about the CE business.
 there is overall cost-increasing factors,
 including raw material prices and logistics cost increasing.
 First of all, can you share from the company's perspective
 until when do you think the situation will continue?
 what will be the implications to your CE business
 and how do you plan to respond?
 Yes, I will answer your question about Climloom.
 This is a very important step for the development of the market.
 It is one of the most important investment strategies in our business.
 Clean Room is a large-scale financial structure, and there are various situations that need to be considered.
 I have to be a doctor based on my 3-4 years of experience.
 In the long run, I think there will be no big problem with the current demand.
 To answer your first question about the clean room, of course, securing enough clean room
 in order to meet the demand growth in the market
 is one of the key critical investment strategies for the memory division.
 rooms, it's actually a quite large investment, and many factors need to be considered.
 of deciding a clean room investment is a decision that should be made based on a midterm at
 at least a three to four-year horizon perspective.
 Looking towards this year, at the current level,
 If we do not expect any major problems in meeting the demand that's expected in the
 market this year.
 I will answer the question in the comment section about the current source of water.
 Yes, the current nuclear power plant is in the middle of a high level of water supply,
 so it is expected to work hand in hand with the OBGN,
 Well, to answer your question about the high risk of COVID-19,
 Well, to answer your question about the heightened cost base for the consumer electronics business,
 Of course, there are many reasons
 that are driving the elevated level of raw material
 and logistic prices.
 large demand for logistics, but there is a shortage of workers to man the ships and the ports and
 and there is overall inflation driving an upward trend of raw material prices.
 As we mentioned during the presentation,
 the company does expect this heightened level of raw material
 and logistics cost risk to continue throughout this year.
 Yes, the market is actively focusing on the development of the industrial environment
 and the development of the industrial environment.
 Through this, we will increase the production efficiency of the region, and we will support the entire supply and supply economy with the improvement of the operation.
 In addition, in the sales team, we have confirmed the sale of premium products including bespoke, and continued new models such as new home appliances.
 In response to this assumption of heightened risk, first of all, we are thoroughly analyzing
 of the situation of each of our seed manufacturing hubs
 in order to improve the overall supply competitiveness
 by increasing the production efficiency for each region.
 and also executing overall operational improvements.
 Also, we are preparing to respond to this
 on the sales side by accelerating revenue growth
 through the increase sales of premium products, such as bespoke,
 and continuously launching new models.
 Thank you very much.
 Next question.
 The next question will be presented by Peter Lee from CT Group.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, hello, this is CityGroove, and this is Mr. Chul.
 I would like to ask you a question about memory and mobile.
 First, I have a question for you.
 I'm curious about the background of this.
 Last year, considering the two-minute situation, it seems to be very effective.
 I would like to ask for your opinion on the possibility of working with the company in the end of the year.
 The second is mobile.
 Even though overall memory demand was quite solid last year, fourth quarter we noticed
 that both your DRAM and NAN shipments actually performed under the guidance and competitors.
 Can you give us some explanations as to why this happened?
 which appears to be quite unusual, especially given where the market and you were in the
 second quarter of last year
 We do notice that the company's management
 was changed at the end of the year.
 Is this an implication of any strategy change
 on the part of the company.
 Second question is about the mobile side.
 From the market, we're all wondering what the exact demand
 would look like for smartphones in year 22.
 Can you share with us your demand outlook for smartphones
 this year, and do you expect to increase your market share
 by outgrowing the market again.
 Yes, in the fourth quarter, the number of memory loss is the fourth part of the guidance.
 This is what I'm going to talk about first.
 Uh, just a second.
 It's not as long as I thought it would be.
 There was a slight difference in the production of the set, but there was a difference in the production of the set.
 This part has been affected by memory loss.
 In this situation, we are not at a high place.
 And according to the time lockdown, the possibility of production is affected.
 in the country
 and the company
 and
 the
 and the growth guidance.
 Well, to ask you a question of why Arbithgrove was below market in fourth quarter, as you
 mentioned, yes, in fourth quarter.
 Demand was solid, but especially around the servers.
 On the other side, there were some downstream production disruptions due to the global supply
 even though the degree of the disruption varies depending on the customer.
 And this did have an impact on memory demand in the fourth quarter.
 Seeing that, we also considered that our inventory levels were not at high levels.
 We also wanted to prepare against any production impact
 due to the Xi'an lockdown.
 And so we actually refrained from any aggressive sales
 in the fourth quarter.
 And this was the main reason why our bit growth was below guidance in
 So, our strategy is...
 It was based on the understanding of the changes in market quality compared to other factors.
 The memory market is improving, and the line-up of the product is also changing.
 In this market, we need the best product mix
 and we need the product that needs the customer.
 This is the most important thing that we have decided.
 In the long-term perspective, I think it would be good if you could understand the strategic choice
 Now, the reason why we made that decision was because of our insight into a change in
 the nature of the market that has been happening recently.
 we do notice that the memory market
 Actually, it's becoming more diversified.
 the product lineup is much more diversified before.
 And given the wide diversity of product lineup,
 We thought that most critical capability was the
 the ability to supply the products that the customer needs based on having an optimized
 product mix
 and so i think the reason
 I think the best way of understanding what happened in fourth quarter was that it was
 our strategic choice in order for us to be able to supply the products that the customer
 needs, stability from a long-term perspective.
 Yes, I'll tell you about the MX.
 The 22nd smartphone market continues to follow the fold-up of the market in 2021 and continues to grow with the growth of the 5C real-time.
 For us, Flagship is a foldable G series with the experience of discrimination in the current situation.
 Not only the super-premium user, but also the competitor's heart,
 the user base,
 and through the new model of the S series,
 and the premium customer service.
 That's why we are going to use the S21F-E
 to expand the premium customer service
 and continue the flagship expansion
 Well, to answer your question about the smart phones, first our outlook for the smart phone
 market this year is that it will continue the growing trend, continuing from last year,
 The main drivers being the mainstreaming of foldable phones and also the wider penetration
 of 5G mobile phones.
 all our strategy.
 flagship level is to continue to expand the sales of flagships and to improve
 our product mix, by first of all maximizing the user base through our foldable Z-Series,
 which has been attracting not only the premium,
 super premium users, but the MZ generation of females,
 as well as the customers of the competitors.
 Also, a part of our flagship strategy
 would be the S series, the new model of the S series, which
 will contribute to retention of existing customers.
 and also to further widen the premium customer base
 through the S21FE.
 And the MES model is equipped with 5G full line-up,
 the global MES5G ecosystem,
 We will continue to strengthen the core experience of the user,
 global mega-hit model to many,
 and we will make it a solid volume driver
 for the potential of the potential of the mid-range brand.
 Through this, the market share of the entire smart phone market for the past 22 years is, of course,
 premium market leadership, too.
 We plan to go further.
 Our strategy on the MAS tier will be to actively absorb the MAS tier 5G replacement to demand
 globally by preparing a wider 5G full lineup,
 and also to continue to produce global mega-hit models
 in the math here that provide core user experiences that
 the users appreciate.
 Therefore, we will use the mass tier models to become clear volume drivers that can respond
 preemptively to a mass tier brand.
 By the two strategies, we plan to not only increase
 increase our entire market share and the smartphone market this year, but also further increase
 the leadership we have in the premium market.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 I have a question for the mobile, the MX division.
 Last year, you successfully mainstreamed the foldable form factor, received strong response
 from the market, but you also have the Galaxy series.
 And so combining the two, can you share with us
 your overall strategy in the flagship this year.
 Yes, we want to increase the value of flagship products in the middle of customer value,
 Not only the hardware, but also the user experience is more important.
 and to meet the needs of various consumers' lifestyles and needs,
 So we will increase the transparency of the branding,
 premium brand ipsy will go away so flagship
 Actually, the key point of our flagship tier, premium tier strategy would be to further
 concentrate on strengthening our user experience.
 this will enhance the value of the flagship product
 by providing not only the best hardware,
 but also software services and ecosystem.
 Also, therefore, we will further enhance the differentiated experience for each of our
 premium products.
 for example, S-Series providing the best flagship experience,
 Z-Series, providing the optimized foldable experience in order to satisfy the diverse
 lifestyles and needs of the consumers.
 Also, we will be refocusing our marketing strategy
 around customer experience.
 and also continue a full year
 brand marketing campaign
 to make the brand more aspired.
 and strengthen the premium brand position
 to maximize our flagship sales volume.
 Yes, thank you.
 Thank you.
 I'll take the next question.
 The next question is from Kim Dong Won from KB.
 The next question will be presented by Dong Won-gyim from KB Securities.
 Yes, thank you for your question. I would like to ask you a question about memory and display.
 First of all, it is about the DRAM price. After the DRAM price went down by 1.5 minutes,
 I can see that there is a high expectation of the price going down by 3 minutes.
 On the other hand, there seems to be a lower possibility of a low price for a low-end D-RAM.
 For example, in Samsung Electronics, which is a hand-made company,
 and the future of the D-RAM price.
 Please note that the D-RAM cycle cycle cycle
 Please tell me if you see it will continue in the future.
 Next is about the QD display.
 is after DRAM price being increased in first quarter,
 It's now back to a downward trend in three quarters time.
 So there are different views as to where it will go further.
 Some are expecting that DRAM prices will upturn again
 shortly.
 others are saying it's not likely of the
 crisis to improve in the second half of this year as a leader in this segment.
 What is your outlook on DRAM movement going forward?
 Also, it appears that the cycle itself is getting shorter.
 Do you think the cycle will stay this way in the future?
 My second question is about the QT display.
 I'm hearing that the customers have received a QT display supply.
 Can you share with us your customer's response to the QT display, and also can you share
 with us some details about where you think your technology level is and how you compare
 in terms of cost competitiveness.
 It's only related to the market.
 Uh, I'm going to answer that.
 This year as well, we will be working on the issue of the distribution of parts,
 And the original self-reliance, the price rise, the eye-catching risk,
 This is a factor that can affect the level of supply.
 However, the high-core CPU is being expanded, and the new CPUs for DDR5 are being released.
 This is the main IT company, PUSA, and so on,
 The Fandamatter Sphere is expected to be built in the middle of the server.
 The 5G is now being confirmed, so our main customers' new form factor, this type of confirmation,
 question about the market outlook.
 Of course, there are still various variables
 that could impact supply and demand this year,
 including at what pace the part supply issue will be eased,
 the possibility of additional increase in raw materials and various geopolitical risks.
 But looking at the market, there are manufacturers
 that support a strong demand side.
 For example, there will be increased adoption
 of high core CPUs, launch of new CPU that supports DDR5,
 and also expected increase of IT investment by major companies.
 So this supports the view that there will be fundamental strong demand, especially around
 servers. Also, if we look at the mobile side, demand is expected to remain solid given the
 likely penetration of 5G and also the adoption of new form
 factors by the major mobile OEMs.
 And if you look at it from the supply section, the overall cost of the shoulder is increasing.
 So, there is a lot of difficulty in maintaining public transportation.
 a little bit.
 The difficulty of product mixing is increasing,
 Now on the supply side, there is definitely the lead time for the equipment overall than
 the industry is getting longer.
 Also, it's becoming more and more challenging
 to maintain the node migration and investment efficiency.
 And so, given that, I think it is much more important
 than before to maintain the ability to respond to customer demand in a timely manner by maintaining
 the right product mix.
 It's hard to say the price at the moment,
 In the past, memory cycles, side-to-side cycles,
 And the fact that this plane is cancelled is definitely being monitored.
 And our report is also consistently stable.
 So we can say that the market is stable.
 Regarding price, of course, it's difficult.
 price, of course, it's difficult for us to also predict price at this point, but we
 We also noticed, as you mentioned, a clear tendency of the memory market cycle height
 and also the length getting shorter than before.
 Also, considering that our inventory remains to be at fair levels, these are all signs that
 indicate a possible stabilizing of the market. Also recently, a third party
 agency did announce its view that the market may actually change direction during the first
 have, and so we are adding this as one of the possible scenarios.
 Yes, I will answer the question.
 QD, as you asked, QD Display has a lot of expectations and concerns about the market.
 However, as we have already discussed, STC has launched its QG display in the 4th quarter of this year,
 It was successfully delivered to the customer.
 We are expecting to increase the amount of traffic in the future.
 But as you asked, the audience's reaction is that the QD display of the company is definitely
 being evaluated as a strong point for existing products.
 Uh, the product launch system, uh, premium line-up, uh,
 uh, well, if you look at it, it's on the top.
 and we are working closely with them on the side of the position.
 And now, in terms of the business itself,
 In terms of quality display, I'm looking forward to the luxury location in the public display market.
 In the end of the year, we expect that the demand will increase to the level of competitiveness.
 If you look at it from this point of view,
 in 2021 or 2020,
 TV and monitor.
 So, we're going to continue to increase the premiums of the two teams.
 This is a product that combines the two countries at this point.
 I'll turn to your question about the QT display.
 Yes, we have heard that the market has high expectations,
 There are also some concerns about the QT display.
 We started mass production of the QT Display Fourth Quarter last year, and have made deliveries
 to...
 the customers. The customer response is that the QD display has definitely advantages compared
 to competing products.
 We are currently working with customers
 which will have TVs and monitors using the QT display
 be positioned in the higher end of the premium product lineup.
 We believe that as our utilization improves,
 so we would also be able to increase the shipments
 of our QD display.
 We believe that the QD display definitely
 will take position as a premium display.
 and we believe that as we are able to increase
 our shipments with improving utilization towards the end of this year.
 We will be...
 able to see an increase in demand, especially around the premium products, by offering QD
 as a way of differentiating the performance
 in the ultra-large-sized TV and monitor market.
 The next question will be presented by Won-sik Lee from Korea Investment and Securities.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, thank you for the question. I will give you the questions on the foundry and the display.
 The first part of the foundry is our 4nnn, 5nnn, and 10nn about the sugar factories.
 Please tell us about the current situation and improvement of this process.
 The next display is a small piece of plastic that is used for the market.
 My first question is about the foundry.
 There is continuous noise regarding your foundry, a low yield in the advanced nodes.
 the flexible oil-leading market in the small and mid-sized
 the flexible oil-leading market competition is becoming more intense, how do you plan
 to respond to this.
 Yes, I will answer the first question from the Foundry.
 At the moment, we are maintaining technical leadership
 in accordance with the global demand for advanced engineering
 I'll translate your first question.
 And yes, as you know, in response to global demand for the advanced nodes, we have a new
 going through unprecedented scales of investments
 and development, and it's maintaining the technology
 leadership in the advanced nodes.
 As we move on to the advanced notes,
 The challenge of maintaining and securing initial stable yield
 has increased.
 We expect that there will be a positive and stable development in the future.
 in-place space walkable,
 and rampable,
 we are to the system,
 Now, we're talking to the U.S.
 Now, in terms of response, even though there
 has been somewhat of a delay in our initial advance note ramp-up
 versus our plan.
 We do expect this to improve and stabilize gradually.
 And in order to address this, we are considering and looking into, for example, establishing
 be multi-path faster than originally scheduled by securing the infrastructure space and making
 the optimized timing of investments for ramp up, and also working with the research center
 in order to establish plans of better achieving
 better achieving a yield early on in the advanced nodes.
 Yes, I will answer your question.
 As you asked, in a fierce competition, the winning team is recognized as a premium in the OLED market
 We are being recognized as a premium in the OLED market.
 We are working hard to maintain this quality of work.
 We are branding the market's diamond pixel and low-end technology with eco-to-display OLEDs,
 We are working on branding and promoting oil oil technology, which is difficult for others to follow, and is actively teaching the market.
 And together with this, we will continue to accept the correctness of the right to self-defense rights that are fought with the efforts of the former personnel.
 So, using this correct technology to protect the value of our customers and consumers is our duty and responsibility.
 I think it is our duty and responsibility to our customers and our guests.
 in the recent important ESG environment so that the company can have a positive impact on
 the market.
 I will do my best to do that.
 Well, to answer your second question, as you mentioned, the competition in the flexible
 way leading market is getting more intense.
 And we have been recognized
 .
 value in the OE leading market with our continuous technology differentiation and performance improvements,
 improvements, and we are continuing to focus from various angles to maintain that leadership.
 We were the first company to succeed in mass production.
 pioneered the oil-eating market and during the past several decades of investments in
 R&D, we have accumulated a huge body of patterns and know-how.
 Also, in order to protect our differentiated technology
 and further enhance the value.
 we have actually branded
 are proprietary OLED technology, such as Diamond Pixel,
 or the echo to display OLED for low power technology
 in order to establish our position
 and also to actively communicate to the market.
 We also believe that receiving the recognition for our IP
 key and receiving the fair compensation for it, is an
 important part of our obligations and responsibility
 and currently we're looking into various ways
 in order to get that guaranteed.
 Under today's ESG environment, it's important that proper business practices are honored
 and we will do our best to have that happen.
 Yes, thank you.
 the last question will be presented by Nikola Godoa from UBS, please go ahead with your
 question.
 Yes, sir. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question on non flash. There's been several announcements from your peers on
 on 7th generation 3D NAND technology as well as QLC 4-bit
 itself for products recently.
 In that context, could you update us on Samsung's strategy
 and roadmap for both these.
 Thank you.
 Yes, recently, many companies have announced the release of the V-NAND QSC in the Netherlands.
 Please tell us about Samsung's strategy and road map in each of these products.
 Ah, yes, I will answer.
 I will see you in the next video.
 Since the late 20th century, we have been using CTF-based QAC products as a server and as a consumer.
 In particular, at the end of the enterprise-based QAC SSD market, which is holding a decisive position,
 Yes, to answer your question, actually, we have been delivering for server and consumer
 applications starting from the fifth generation of renans that actually adopt the CTF QLC
 technology.
 And also, we have actually maintained the technology leadership in the market, especially
 for the Enterprise QLC SSDs.
 And from the 70s to the 90s,
 SSD, E-Storage, and so on,
 I'm going to look at the technical leadership that meets all the needs of the people.
 So, in order to prepare for the CQC era this year,
 So through the cooperation of partners and companies,
 Now, for the 7th generation VNAND, our focus is on establishing a technology leadership
 that satisfies the demands of all applications,
 including SSD and eStorage.
 And another focus is actually creating an ecosystem.
 the cooperation with partners in preparation
 of a wider adoption of QLC.
 especially the 7th generation of V-N-A-N-D customers,
 and then the priority list.
 and the market situation, we are going to make a decision.
 And in the case of the PC market,
 I'm expecting that customers' needs will be more and more
 in QSC products after a long time.
 You've also asked about our roadmap, and for the 7th generation VNAN QLC, the launching
 timing will be decided based on customer schedules,
 priorities, and also the market situation.
 For reference, we're expecting, at the PC application level,
 The demands of customers for QLC products will become more visible and tangible after
 this year.
 Yes.
 Thank you.
 Lastly, we will buy through online.
 Last time, we received a lot of questions from individual investors and for the sake of
 communication and understanding, through the home page.
 Many people have left various questions on this issue.
 The majority of them were announced as pre-examined.
 Among the questions that were not answered,
 Finally, we will answer questions that were submitted online in advance, starting from
 the last earnings call.
 We have been accepting questions via our web page
 in advance of an earnings release as part of our efforts
 to strengthen communication with individual investors
 and to enhance understanding of the company.
 a variety of questions were submitted this quarter as well.
 I believe the majority of the submitted questions
 have already been sufficiently answered during the Q&A session.
 So we will answer two more questions on topics that
 garnered a high level of interest from shareholders,
 but were not addressed during the Q&A session.
 The first question is,
 The company is raising soundtracks as a new voice industry.
 We know that the market competition is fierce.
 Please tell us what is the difference between Samsung and Samsung for the price of growth?
 You go.
 The first question is the following.
 The company has been treating the foundry
 like a new business to nurture,
 but the market is firstly competitive.
 I would like to hear your opinion
 on what distinctive advantage Samsung has
 for its competitors to accelerate growth.
 This will be answered by EVP Mun Suk-hwang on behalf of the Foundry Division.
 Yes, as I said in the question, the market is moving forward to develop an unprecedented investment and advanced technology for the company's business.
 Especially at the moment, when we focus on technology leadership, we focus on the economic growth of the ecosystem through partnership with the founders.
 Foundry's source plan is to solve the problem of the market, and we are continuing to continue our efforts to become a more meaningful solution for the founders.
 In order to develop our Foundry business, we have been executing unprecedented scale
 of investments and also focused on developing technology.
 And in addition to securing the technology leadership through these efforts, another
 Another focus of our Foundry business is to further expand the ecosystem by building strong
 partnerships with other companies within the foundry industry.
 We believe this will help alleviate customers' concerns about foundry source concentration
 and also will be able to provide meaningful solutions for the entire foundry industry.
 In addition, the file is used to maximize the directness and performance of the semiconductor chip
 We are focusing on developing a total system level solution
 We are focusing on developing a total system level solution,
 and especially through the current memory surf and cooperation,
 Also, our focus is on developing a total system level solution using, for example, advanced
 packaging technology, such as 2.5D and 3D, which
 can maximize both the density and performance.
 Also, we're leveraging our collaborative relationship
 with the memory division in order to provide solutions
 that are differentiated from other companies.
 Yes, thank you.
 Today's last question is,
 In 2022, the growth of the global 5G smartphone market will be expected to be large,
 I would like to ask you to explain the line-up and distribution strategy of Samsung Electronics.
 The last question is the following.
 The global market demand for 5G smartphones is expected to grow significantly this year
 Against this backdrop, what are Samsung Electronics' strategy on the lineup and sales expansion?
 will be answered by VP Sung-guk Kim of the MX Division.
 This year, the market for smart phones is expected to be more than 50% sold by 5G phones.
 So we're not only from the family, but also from the fold-off G-Series.
 And from the flagship model,
 and the MES entry level is at a high price,
 Yes, as you mentioned, the 5G smartphone market has been growing very rapidly.
 is expected to continue this growth.
 a market outlook is that this year
 5G smartphones would account for more than half of the smartphone shipments
 in the entire market.
 Now, in order to actively absorb this mass of 5G,
 replacement demand.
 We have prepared a full 5G lineup across the entire price range,
 starting from the flagship models of the S family
 and the foldable C series as well as the mass entry level.
 In particular, we will spread the experience of the S series to the MES model so that all the Galaxy users can enjoy the premium experience of the Galaxy, and we will proceed to the severe MES market competition.
 And on the business side, we recommend the 5C terminal of the Messy line in the jungle,
 through the 5G terminal,
 and through the cooperation of the business owners,
 And I will continue to work hard to make this happen.
 Through this effort, I will continue to work hard to make this happen.
 our focus in terms of strategy as we respond to the compete competition, the intense competition,
 And the mass segment is to leverage the galaxy experience that we have.
 We have the excellent S-Series experience, which we will roll out even to the master
 model so that all Galaxy users will be able to share and enjoy the premium Galaxy experience.
 Also on the sales side, we will be proposing 5G handsets,
 mass 5G handsets to all of our channels and also look into collaboration with the carriers
 in order to increase 5G handset sales, which will also benefit the carriers in terms of
 for their upside, and there are poo.
 Through these initiatives, we will focus on continuing the high growth momentum versus
 market this year.
 Yes.
 I couldn't answer all the questions that were left by the investors in the field, but I would like to thank you for your precious opinion.
 I would like to refer to the major medical decisions.
 This is the end of today's conference call.
 I wish you and your families good health and safety.
 Due to time constraints, we are unfortunately unable to answer every question that was submitted.
 However, I would like to thank everyone who shared their opinion, providing us with valuable
 information to refer in our decision-making process.
 That completes our conference call this quarter.
 We wish all of you and those close to you.
 stay strong and in good health.
 Thank you.