 That's a disclaimer if you could all quickly read it well done
 So we're going to cover a brief introduction by me.
 David will then take you through the financial performance.
 A bit like the half year, there are some complexities in comparators and so on because of the restatement.
 And then I'll put a bit of colour around our strategic priorities and strategic direction.
 But if I was to summarize the six months
 from my perspective.
 Actually, it's gone.
 largely to plan or a bit better than plan and that's true across all dimensions so the
 inorganic, the portfolio alignment, the organic, the reset of the operating model and the ESG
 agenda. On the ESG agenda, I think it's probably the most encouraging thing. There's lots
 of the noise around the rest of the year in our industry, but the people who work in it
 are committed in our business are committed to pulling it to the center of the organization so if I look at how
 We go about bids now. It's gone from being a kind of thing you check off at the end to how we how we're going to execute the business from the beginning
 program, if you look at the FACT program in Canada, the way in which we're now embracing
 First Nation work is not a compliance issue, it's a genuine commitment to the strategy
 the Canadian government. So I just think we're seeing across the company a complete change
 mindset on ESG, on the societal, on the environmental and on the governance. I think that's great.
 development, some really interesting orders in the period which will come to, and particularly
 I've got a slide later on defence digital where we've made significant progress.
 So that kind of enthusiasm could lead you to a really positive view on the outside world.
 The natural environment is a bit difficult.
 We are still seeing a lot of volatility around COVID.
 I would say that compared with 18 months ago, we kind of know how to manage that, our agile
 working strategy helps mitigate some of it but we are a people-based business
 We employ 30,000 people and therefore restrictions on how those people can operate and behave
 undoubtedly have an impact so COVID and exactly how it plays out over the next
 period is uncertain. There are inflation pressures. David will touch on that a bit.
 We do have some decent protection in some of our contracts, but not 100% and supply chain
 we have strengthened our corporate supply chain capability and we're now taking a
 much broader view, but it is a fact that supply chain pressures do exist because we're not
 product business, we're less susceptible but we are taking it very
 very seriously.
 So I'll come back to most of that
 But I didn't want to delay your opportunity, sir.
 Thank you.
 Good morning everyone.
 one. Before we go into the results, a recap on the contract profitability and balance
 review. Hopefully everyone has seen the slides we published yesterday covering
 the restatements and the presentational changes of last year consistent with the March 21
 There's more detail in the interim statement this morning, so I'll just summarize four
 points. The total restatement of H1 last year is £885 million and I've split the adjustments
 out in the same buckets as the year end on this slide.
 Secondly, the biggest of these buckets is specific adjusting items, and this is dominated
 by £760 million of a goodwill adjustment by 2020.
 Third, underlying operating profit for H1 last year was restated by £26.8 million, of which
 which £21 million were one-offs and £5 million recurring using the same terminology we used
 at the year end. And four, we don't restate for changes in estimates, we only restate
 for prior-period errors or accounting policy changes.
 And you'll remember there are a significant number of estimate
 changes at the end of last year. So those estimate changes will be a variance when we
 look at first half profit on second half profit because we haven't restated and
 And that's the £7 million box at the bottom of this slide.
 So the key financial headlines for the period is set out here.
 Organic revenue growth was 10%.
 approximately 4% of the recovery of activities curtailed in the prior year due to COVID restrictions
 and 6% was assisted by the ramp-up of existing programs in marine and nuclear.
 The underlying operating profit increase was caused by several items I'll come onto in
 a moment, but the largest of these was the lower COVID impact compared to the prior period.
 As expected, operating cash flow and free cash flow were negative as a result of the
 partial unwinding of historic working capital stretches, higher capex and the catch-up pension
 deficit payments.
 Resulting net debt is £1.3 billion, including all leases, or £938 million on a pre-IFRS-16 basis,
 which is the start point for the Covenant ratios.
 and on covenants, the gearing ratio is 2.8 times at the period end, but it would have
 been two point one times if the phrase and ash disposal proceeds had been
 received in September. They actually came in in October.
 So to group revenue, if we skip over the foreign exchange effects and the revenue lost on disposals,
 the main categories of the revenue variances against last year.
 Our firstly, CPBS, the impact on revenue was 52 million, and this largely are the reassessments
 of contract progress and profitability across the group outlined at the year end.
 next COVID.
 Last year, the biggest revenue impacts from COVID
 were the shutdowns in South Africa,
 the cessation of activities in civil training
 and lower flying hours in aviation.
 These activities have broadly recovered, hence the revenue variance here.
 After these impacts, the £155 million variance was a result of the organic growth in the
 in all four sectors.
 driven by the ramp-up of existing programs in nuclear and marine, which we'll see in a moment.
 On to profit, we've touched on the CPBS 21 million pounds and 7 million pound movements,
 So I'll cover just the last three variances here, over towards the right hand side.
 The Covid variance of £25 million has the same caveat as to estimation and judgement
 as before. We've estimated this to cover the revenue
 deltas due to activity level changes from site closures and staff absence as well as
 direct costs like testing and equipment purchases, and also any indirect impacts such as inefficiency.
 So the £25 million is caused by the recovery of many of the impacted activity levels and
 But also we have been able to recover many of the additional costs of keeping sites open
 and safe.
 where the recovery of these costs continue in H2 is uncertain.
 The pension charge increase is as we flagged at the year end.
 This is an IAS-19 charge and has no direct impact on the funding profile of the schemes.
 And the other variance of six million pounds is largely down to lower margins on projects
 including the first year of FMSP and higher SG&A costs relating to increased bidding activity
 and improving the control environment that we began in the second half of last year.
 So the resulting profit for the period is £115 million and the overall margin of 5.2%
 is something we plan to improve over time
 with the new operating model.
 So now we move on to the sectors with Marine First.
 Again, I'll pick out just the key points.
 6% organic revenue growth was largely due to the ramp up of the time 31 and warship support
 programs as well as growth in the liquid gas business.
 Within H1 there was approximately £120 million of low or zero margin programme revenue, which
 which as we've said before, we'd aim to get back to sector average margins over time.
 And the profit impacts, which I've set out on the slide, result in a 6.2% margin for
 marine similar to where it finished last year end.
 The main points to note on nuclear are the contract backlog is significantly increased
 due to the new FMSP contract signed in H1. The 14% organic revenue growth reflects the
 ramp up of infrastructure work and higher activity in submarine support.
 We had about £60 million of infrastructure work in H1.
 On margin, FMSP is a five-year contract and will be at a lower margin early on until the
 The transformation is delivered and infrastructure work as well is a slightly lower margin than
 the sector average.
 Thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.
 Moving to land, which also includes South Africa, the key points are COVID had a very
 material impact on this sector in the early months of last year with the South African
 business and civil training as well as the airport's contracts affected, hence the recovery
 this year. The CPBS adjustment here is the reduced profitability on programs, the largest
 of which was DSG.
 The resulting sector margin is only 4.9%, but note there is around 100 million pounds of
 pass through revenue in the H1 number and a further £80 million of low or zero margin
 revenue on programs.
 On to aviation. In the prior period, COVID also had a large impact on this sector, with
 reduced flying hours and additional costs required to maintain the services and those
 couldn't be recovered from customers for the most part.
 The flying hours broadly recovered this year but the additional costs remain.
 She's also grew as a result of the H160 program in France, which had only just begun a year
 ago and sector margins are obviously very thin at 2% but at least are beginning to
 move in the right direction.
 direction.
 Moving to the cash flow, as we said at the year end, cash flow was expected to be significantly
 negative this year as we started to clear up the build-up of creditors and continue
 to invest in CAPEX.
 So, within operating cash flow in the period, the main two impacts, therefore, are the higher
 CAPEX due to investment in Type 31 and other infrastructure investment within the nuclear
 sector, and two, the working capital outflow, which included about 75 million miles of
 reversal of the year-end creditor stretch that we disclosed last year, as well as an
 increasing contract assets, mainly in aviation.
 Below operating cash flow, the pension contributions included the first catch-up payment into
 the Recythe scheme in the period and the interest and tax cash flows were as expected. I've
 I've also included some guidance for the full year on this slide.
 Regarding Exceptionals, as you know, we're going to restrict the use of this category
 significantly in future. The restructuring cash flow to date was £9 million and that's
 the start of the operating model restructuring impact and some of the operating model reductions
 are being achieved through natural attrition.
 Of the amounts this year, there's up to £40 million of restructuring cost which you'll
 go into exceptionals, as we said, and potentially the settlement of the Italian fire, which
 What happened is estimated at £20 million.
 Below free cash flow are the impacts of disposals.
 The oil and gas disposal was completed within the period, and the net proceeds were £8
 pounds but it took with it 130 million pounds of leases and again I've
 included some full year guidance on here, repeating that there'd be no dividend paid in FY22 and our
 Our near-term priority is to strengthen the balance sheet and get the gearing ratio below
 at two times.
 So to liquidity this slide shows that we've ample liquidity in place over the
 medium term. In the period we signed a new £300m 3-year RCF facility and extended the
 bulk of the main RCF out to 2026 and note again that the net debt numbers on this slide
 as stated before the receipt of the Phraser Nash Disposal Proceeds and the Atomic Proceeds
 which should come in in H2.
 So, to finish, the outlook for FY22 from the announcement this morning is copied for
 bait him on this slide and you'll be pleased to know I won't read it, I'll just summarise
 three points. First, our full year expectations are unchanged. There's a range of outcomes
 due to the macro uncertainties of COVID and increasing inflation.
 We are in the first year of a turnaround, but we are on track.
 Second, we continue to expect free cash flow to be significantly negative for FY22 as
 the pension contributions and restructuring costs go out, and we unwind the historic
 working capital stretches. This is the same guidance we gave at the year end, and third
 we are confident that we can significantly improve profitability and cash flow generation
 of the group in the medium term.
 So with that, I'll now hand back to David for the progress update.
 Thank you
 I lost my notes.
 oop, completely lost my notes, oh well
 So, align the portfolio, the, what we said a year ago was, six months ago, was the portfolio
 alignment was a strategically driven thing we wanted to we identified the
 markets we wanted to serve and the capabilities we wanted to deliver and that
 That led to a disposal programme.
 We did do a sense check because we needed a minimum of 400 million proceeds to also make
 the balance sheet in the safe place to get below two times as David said and we're on
 program and we're on track to do that. So having got that we still are going to
 complete the disposal program.
 Clearly, people always ask, what else is on the list?
 we will say that it's commercially sensitive not good for the business but the aim is to
 be finished substantially in this financial year. That will enable us to then define the
 group defined there for what the right risk profile of the group is, capital structure
 and everything and talk about that at the full year, as we said we would when we did
 the full results this year.
 The new operating model, as I said at the beginning,
 this is about being a better business as much as it
 is about delivering 40 million savings.
 it's about how the business can operate much more globally
 with less layers, better communication, how I have a line of sight of all the people who
 do all of the important work in the business. So I won't say that the 400, the 40 million
 is a byproduct of that, but the most important thing to drive an international
 operating model for this company is to have the right shape of business so that the company
 can join up. That's going well.
 It also makes us more resilient against the COVID uncertainties because the business is
 cleaner with shorter lines of communication if we have to implement short-term actions to deal with
 with how government might respond to a new variant or whatever, we're in a much better
 a place to respond with a less streamlined organisation.
 Alongside that, we've implemented a number of new processes.
 the one I've picked out here is a new approach to project management and bidding. It's much
 simpler egg it's much more proactive so I once said to someone a risk register is
 It's one of two things.
 either something that you actively manage and drives how a program outturns both
 operation in financially, or it's a list of pending excuses.
 And we are very much culturally and operationally
 driving the former and I'm not suggesting anything but just we're really driving in and
 way we bid and run programs is to make it something we proactively drive.
 strategy. I'm actually going to use the principle slide in a minute to talk about the Australia
 down select on Monday so I won't touch on it now we've we've gone for this thing
 We've called it agile working.
 we don't call it flexible working
 because that has connotations in some of our union agreements.
 So agile work is two things.
 Agility in terms of location where work is conducted, and that doesn't just mean home,
 it can mean more than one work place and agility on timing because the other thing we have
 discovered is by being flexible on when people work, not only where they work, means that
 it's easier for people, particularly without caring, either for elderly people or for children,
 sharing responsibility is easier for them to commit to the company if we can be flexible.
 So this is, this is identifying ways of doing the job.
 for us and good for our employees. That's been rolled out. It's been an interesting
 journey because typically if you attend offices, you pay for attendance, you clock people in
 and then clock people out, you pay for their attendance.
 If they're working in a more agile way, you pay for output.
 So it's forced us to think a lot about what people actually
 deliver as much as their attendance.
 That's been a great, great journey for us, culturally.
 ESG, I've got a slide on, so I won't touch on it here.
 growth opportunities. We've got three up there. The Indonesia Type 31, the MOI with
 the Ukraine and the Mental Programme in France, we can now add the down select in Australia
 three key non-UK order wins, a ship build, a total program, pilot training, and HFCOM.
 across the gamut of what we do all outside the UK.
 So these are our new principles, they are quite a shock to the system for some in the
 company but but they really matter so if I look at the HF coms business that we
 one in Australia. This was driven by a massive collaboration between our
 Australian business and the UK business. So they certainly started with big
 curious how might we we beat a very strong incumbent so how will we do it
 differently. How would we make the customer change? Be kind. That is not
 be nice that he's do things in a respectful way. There's a lot of challenges working at
 distance. It's very easy to point fingers and that's worked really well. Be
 be courageous, but believe me bidding this at all was courageous, be courageous, really
 go for it.
 Outcomes sounds obvious, but actually in a whole culture, success of a meeting can be
 planning the next meeting. This is about actually getting stuff done and that's been a real
 thing to drive to the schedule. And I would say John Howie, who's sitting just there,
 who's chaired the group board review to make has really driven through outcomes, collaborate
 where it's a given, given what I've just said, and then own and deliver.
 This is not just the lead in Australia, but in particular the ownership of the delivery
 in the UK to support successful collaboration.
 persuading and convincing the Australian customer that the technology transfer that
 we committed will happen that will have full capability in country fast, with hard evidence
 It's not just words, it's really compelling.
 So the principles, which will launch midway through this bid,
 Undoubtedly, people started referencing them and the calls I was on, I was on, started
 referencing them and calling out bad behaviour using them and really help drive an international
 business.
 ESG so the three of them net zero scope one and two by 2040 we have quite
 significant aviation business in our current perimeter that's one of the
 things that drives the date because
 We have to estimate when the aviation business and technology in aviation is such that you
 can head towards net zero. Obviously other parts of the business will get there earlier.
 We've got climate related risks and opportunities into the strategic process, but I do think
 as we as we drive the engagement in the business we're seeing lots of opportunity here and
 not opportunity as in climate change creates opportunity, but opportunity to
 differentiate ourselves so we now have a portal with where people load up their
 ideas, for example in the support business and the infrastructure support about how you
 you can do it in a more environment.
 beneficial way so that there's now a sharing of environmental opportunities for the group
 in a way which we've never had before.
 social, I touched on that with the fact grid, but we are in a war for talent and our people
 care and not just the young people the whole organisation cares about how we
 are regarded. You know, we're 14% of the direct economy in Plymouth and probably double
 that direct and indirect so we have a huge opportunity to influence the west
 south-west of the UK agenda across a range of things and that's what our
 people expect. If we're going to recruit the thousands of people we need over the next
 five to ten years, people are going to want to join a company that is playing its role.
 So this isn't just being nice.
 This is about delivering social impact for business reasons.
 I've touched on that.
 The other thing we're starting to do is set ourselves some hard targets on IND.
 So, for example, 30% of senior managers to be female by 2025 were currently at 21.
 So that's a 50% increase.
 We've just appointed our first two female managing directors, which is a step in the
 the right direction because this is not only about the number 30%, but the risk of getting
 us wrong, not just in the places where you might typically expect females to be, so comms
 of finance or HR but also in, so our new group head of programs is a lady, oh it's a woman,
 female. I'm not allowed to use the word lady. Oh, I'm doing so well. It's Donna. Okay, she's
 Donna so we want we want to add it's it's we want a balanced representation
 across the organisation, not clusters.
 And finally, governance matters a lot.
 Improved internal controls so that we actually do what we say we're going to do.
 Delegations of authorities totally align with the delayering, so that the delayering empowers at the front.
 That's where best decisions are made.
 And things like a new sustainable procurement policy.
 I thought I'd touch on here the kind of commentary that's
 around our sector on ESG and the defence sector.
 my view, particularly for a company like Babcock,
 which is so people driven, is that those countries which have the capacity to address ESG issues
 properly, are strong and robust countries and they need strong and robust defence to
 to do that. I think with 30,000 people we can lead the way on the whole gamut of this
 agenda. So I don't see being a defence company as anti-ESG, I see it as quite the reverse
 and I think it's our job to make that case
 to shy away from defence and ESG. I think we are a key component of an ESG, of a global
 ESG strategy, not an enemy of it and if I didn't believe that I wouldn't be here.
 So, Defence Digital, this currently sits in the marine business.
 It's a very important and growing part of our business and I've just picked out three
 different areas so the music program these can actually name Maritime
 electronic warfare systems integration capability is a major win, displacing a long-term incumbent
 in the UK, providing electronic warfare for the Navy over an extended period.
 Elig Tactis, which is tactical comms in the UK again, is an entry point into a program
 which has lots of growth potential and then high frequency comms where we are a provider
 in the UK and New Zealand and are now down selected in Australia with major opportunities
 in the other two five IS countries, Canada and the USA. So a very significant capability
 taking microwave management from the electronic warfare through tactical comms,
 inter-strategic comms, where we play a critical role for governments, perhaps slightly underplayed
 by us in the past.
 but where we're seeing real and exciting growth.
 Let's do this.
 So finally, back to the first slide as always, my summary would be that we're on track this
 As David said, that we are managing quite volatile, external environments, actually
 increasingly well, where business development is going well, both in the UK and outside,
 And you know, for a successful turnaround in a volatile world.
 So with that...
 We'll take questions on anything, really.
 I've got to point to people because there are roving mics, I think.
 Well, actually, why don't you just pick people who've got their hands up, Debbie, and that gives you the power.
 Thanks.
 It's Rapland from Pambio.
 Can you add?
 had a USI without a business there.
 So almost certainly, to do anything in comms in the US,
 you'd have to partner.
 So we're partnered with Lockheed Martin outside the states, for example.
 So these are typically collaborations.
 So I can't imagine in comms, we would be the prime.
 but we could certainly partner with people to bring through the technology we've got.
 And more generally, are you thinking about entering the US at all?
 So we talked about that, I think, at the full year.
 So it's 50% of the addressable market.
 but for what we do it's less addressable than if you're a product business
 So it's a big bet and at the moment there's plenty to go at in what we already have before we think about that big bet.
 Thank you.
 Morning, Joe Brent from Librim.
 You can ask three questions, maybe one at a time, if that's okay.
 Sorry?
 Could I ask three questions maybe one at a time?
 Make it easier.
 The first one on the sales proceeds.
 it seems to me you're pretty much at your target, 400 million.
 Would you consider at some stage raising that target to maybe 500 million, given there's
 other things you can potentially sell.
 So, what we said was, we had a strategically led sales process.
 the first 400 million proceeds of which would be used to pay down debt.
 Clearly, once you've done that and got the balance sheet to a safe place, you then have
 choices about how to use the remainder of the proceeds and therefore we don't kind of
 need to speculate on what that number might be.
 So it doesn't have to just be debt pay-down for the rest of the proceeds.
 seats.
 And as we've said before, we wouldn't trail future disposals for all sorts of reasons,
 So we'll keep the market up to date at the appropriate time, as David said, we'll be
 finished around the time of the year and results anyway, so we'll know what the
 for him to serve the group.
 Thanks, guys.
 Thanks for watching this time.
 Thank you.
 Second question, if I may, on inflation.
 Clearly, it's a hot topic at the moment, generally.
 Others have given guidance on what percentage of contracts
 by a number or value have inflation protection clauses.
 Could you give us a little bit more of the science around?
 Yeah, so very approximately two-thirds of our contracts have some form of inflation
 protection and that varies obviously because there are many of them. So some of them would
 be very well protected. Some of them have indices, escalators and a variety of that.
 So two thirds of contracts where we buy we generally try and fix the prices of supply chains
 So, and often we're back to back, so even when we take inflation risk off the customer
 on the end contract, we would look to make sure that we're not absorbing that from the
 supply chain too. And then for the remainder of it obviously we're at people business,
 We need to manage the inflation such as it is as we do the rest of our cost base with
 efficiency and productivity.
 Thank you.
 In the first half you've clearly done a good job of recovering some of the overhead costs.
 Are you confident to be able to do that in the second half and how and when will we know
 whether you can do that.
 Sorry.
 Covid or overhead?
 Covid over the head, okay.
 So should I go?
 You go, you go.
 I'll go first then you do it.
 All right.
 So the only thing I said, as David said, H1 last year
 was the bottom of the COVID cost issue,
 or the worst part, in that the lockdowns were the hardest and we were all learning how to
 cope. So the comparison year on year is the most stark. H2 to H2 is more difficult to
 predict because in H2 not only have we started to all understand how we were going to live
 with us for this period, but also governments were funding quite a lot of that cost in each
 to this year, we don't know exactly what the risk is and we don't know exactly how
 much governments will fund, which is why you create an uncertainty when you try and compare
 to.
 So just to remind you and everyone else, I think of three components of the COVID impact.
 the revenue impact from activity levels, so if something is shut or curtailed or slowed
 down.
 2-2 profit.
 Secondly, are the extra costs of keeping activities and sites open, whether they be
 testing or cleaning or equipment or what have you, in efficiency etc. so costs incurred
 to keep sites open and thirdly is the recovery of those costs which, as we've said, historically
 in the early stages and until recently obviously through the first half largely but not entirely
 were recoverable. So all of those three things are what we need to think about going forward.
 So when we said at the full year, we didn't expect a material boost in profits because
 of COVID.
 Obviously, we can't predict the revenue, the activity levels, so that's down to local
 countries, conditions and new variants and what have you. The costs, we kind of know
 how how to keep these places open but the recovery of costs is obviously not
 within our control. So, and over time, will governments around the world expect companies
 to pick those up more than they probably do.
 possibly. So they're the three things we think about.
 It's Keir Martin from Geoffrey's Morning.
 Could I first of all ask a few questions on the Nuclear Infrastructure Spencer, thanks
 for detailing the amount in the first half.
 It's quite lumpy and obviously when we're trying to forecast that division it's quite
 an important swing factor.
 Is it right, given some of your interactions with suppliers
 in Devonport over the last sort of few months where you've basically been, I think, looking
 for indications of people for the work that that revenue number may build up, so I think
 Dock 10 or some of the other docs basically start to the work starts to ramp up that 60 million potentially gets bigger
 During the second half of the year it probably will be that level, or it could be higher
 depending on how things go. So you're right, it is a bit of a bubble on top of the rest
 to the business which is why I called out the 60 million in the first half and of course
 that is higher than it was this time last year.
 Yeah, and there is quite a lot planned.
 There are limitations in all the sites
 about how much work can actually be physical,
 How many people can you get onto a site?
 how much material can you get onto a site, so there are physical limitations in terms
 to how much stibbles we can actually do.
 I think it's too early to say at the moment.
 And then secondly, can you just provide us with an update on recent trading in South
 Africa, where obviously the COVID wave may have impacted your business again.
 So to date, South Africa has been open in going well and it has been open well since
 I've been here 12 months, so it was particularly acute in the first half of last year, the shutdowns
 et cetera. So, so open and going well.
 Um, and then finally, I appreciate you, you don't, don't disclose...
 It sort of feels with the additional bid activity cost that's going in and just link it to the
 underlying some activity in the business that you know actually your growth opportunity
 set is expanding. I'm just wondering if you can help us think about that or scale it in
 somewhere just does it feel like the opportunity is bigger than probably you
 thought 12 to 18 months ago?
 So I would say that the opportunity is clearer, whether it's bigger or not.
 I kind of was one of the reasons I took this job was because I just kind of had this feeling it was big
 I think the opportunity is clearer, the nature of our businesses, you could end up with six
 silver medals and no business or two golds and lots of business and as we saw recently
 only the Greek decision to part took to abandon their procurement and buy three
 French frigates. There's a lot of geopolitical stuff in being a major prime
 contractor, some of which falls in your favour and some of which falls against you.
 Our line is clearer and now we need to make sure we win some gold medals.
 More name Chris Bambry, Peelhunt.
 could you please elaborate on some of the current opportunities in the pipeline across
 the four divisions please. And secondly, could you give us the comparator numbers for the
 pass through in low margin revenues in the first half of last year, thanks.
 So in Marine, within the UK, the FSS program remains an opportunity, however it finally
 plays out because I just think there's so much work to do on that that most
 may GRs will do something.
 in
 In international, we're in a number of competitions.
 We've proved in Indonesia we can win, which is good.
 We now have to prove that isn't a one-off.
 but there are significant opportunities, as I said,
 There and we've won three programs that I put up all recently, so there's definitely
 We're definitely very competitive in that world.
 We probably, at the moment, need to make sure we don't over-trade and deliver what we've got.
 in civil nuclear.
 We keep calling the bottom and then it goes down, so I'm always really nervous since I've
 nuclear but one would have thought that with new build at Hinckley with the
 the SMR work that is being planned in the UK and outside with the decommissioning work
 that needs to be done that we ought to have found the bottom soon so I can
 always do a big strategic overlay on civil nuclear, and then I look at the numbers and
 So there seems to be this disconnect.
 But we are very well positioned as the UK's only nationally owned civil nuclear contractor
 to take advantage of that in the UK and then outside in places like Canada, in naval nuclear
 Obviously, it's very, very early days in the G2G discussions on AUKUS, the Australian
 nuclear submarine program but but you'd like to believe we have a role to play
 there. In aviation we've proved in mentor that we can do pilot training
 outside the UK and clearly the FACT programme there in Canada is, which we've talked about
 before is a major opportunity, very digital. And then finally, in land, I would say we're
 in more of a reset mode, but there are opportunities in life after DSG and the broader support
 environment.
 So.
 And that kind of puts aside the kind of incremental stuff that you get in the underlying support business.
 I think that's my... Have you got anything you want to add on growth or do you want to do pass through?
 I do pass through because it's quite easy to pass, but it's very similar.
 So the past three levels which are particularly in land are pretty flat and have been pretty
 flat both last year, first half of the year and first half of the year.
 It's Ash Tusa from Agency Partners.
 Just a quick...
 question about Ukraine. Could you just clarify, is your relationship direct with the government
 of Ukraine because clearly there's some risk as to whether that actually is there to be
 be a client in the medium term, or is your relationship through a government-government
 relationship, whether the UK government effectively covers at least some of your downside risk?
 So at the risk of crossing a confidentiality line,
 The program is funded by UK Export Finance, so the financial relationship is essentially
 with the UK government. The operational relationship is with the Ukrainian government.
 Do we have any online?
 You can now move to the line.
 Are you going to read them out or are they going to come from the heavens?
 in heaven.
 All right.
 The first question from the phone line comes from the line-up Anvesh Agrawal from Morgan
 Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning. I got a couple of questions really. First on the marine margin and picking
 sort of your comments earlier saying that you plan to improve them over time, clearly
 In the first half, the recovery was led by Fresenash, which has now been disposed.
 So, maybe if you can comment on what are your building blocks for Marine Mars and for over
 to the medium term, that would be really great.
 And then just overall, within this strategic plan,
 what has gone well and what has not gone so well so far.
 I mean, overall, things seems to be in track,
 where you would like the progress to be much faster.
 Well I'll do the second one first, so I think whenever you make a change as you build up
 things like the operating model change. Whenever you finally implement it, you always ask
 yourself the question why you didn't do it the week before. So, I guess on the
 operating model stuff you always want to have done it sooner and I've never done
 I've changed like it when I haven't felt I wish I'd done it sooner so you know we're
 online with our plan but you always want to go faster.
 But, and I think what's gone well is the Disposals Programme.
 I think I was probably nervous that we'd have the deals for the four hundred million
 in a year.
 that we'd have to cash.
 So I think that's gone better.
 What do you think on that?
 It has, because we said we'd do it within 12 months of the full year and we've signed
 them now and frozen. That's just completed then on margins in Marine
 building blocks. The obvious building blocks are firstly the operating model and their
 share of it and we haven't spit that out by sector but you can take guess at that. Secondly
 we flagged there's a hundred and twenty million of low or zero margin program revenue in that
 sector which, over time, there's no reason why that shouldn't be at normal margins.
 It will take time, these things don't turn in months or quickly, but you know there's
 There's no reason why those programmes shouldn't be at a good margin.
 And then, thirdly, of course, there's the normal sort of productivity and continuous
 improvement that we would look to do every year over time.
 obvious blocks.
 There are no further questions on the phone line. So I'll hand the call back over to your host
 OK, well, thank you all for your time.
 and I'm sure we will be speaking before we stand up with the full year.
 Thank you