 So that's a disclaimer, if you could all quickly read it. Well done. So we're going to cover a brief introduction by me. David will then take you through the financial performance. A bit like the half year, there are some complexities in comparators and so on because of the restatement. And then I'll put a bit of colour around our strategic priorities and strategic direction. But if I was to summarise the six months from my perspective, actually it's gone largely to plan or a bit better than plan. And that's true across all dimensions. So the inorganic, the portfolio alignment, the organic, the reset of the operating model and the ESG agenda. On the ESG agenda, I think it's probably the most encouraging thing. There's lots of noise around ESG in our industry, but the people who work in it are committed, in our business, are committed to pulling it to the centre of the organisation. So if I look at how we go about bids now, it's gone from being a kind of thing you check off at the end to how we're going to execute the business from the beginning. If you look at the FACT programme in Canada, the way in which we're now embracing First Nation work is not a compliance issue, it's a genuine commitment to the strategy of the Canadian government. So I just think we're seeing across the company a complete change in mindset on ESG, on the societal, on the environmental and on the governance. I think that's great. Business development, some really interesting orders in the period which we'll come to. And particularly, I'll put a slide later on Defence Digital where we've made significant progress. So that kind of enthusiasm could lead you to a really positive view on the outside world. The natural environment is a bit difficult. We are still seeing a lot of volatility around COVID. I would say that compared with 18 months ago, we kind of know how to manage that. Our agile working strategy helps mitigate some of it. But we are a people-based business. We employ 30,000 people. And therefore, restrictions on how those people can operate and behave undoubtedly have an impact. So COVID and exactly how it plays out over the next period is uncertain. There are inflation pressures. David will touch on that a bit. We do have some decent protection in some of our contracts but not 100%. And supply chain, we have strengthened our corporate supply chain capability and we're now taking a much broader view. But it is a fact that supply chain pressures do exist. Because we're not a product business, we're less susceptible. But we are taking it very seriously. So I'll come back to most of that later. But I didn't want to delay your opportunity to see David. Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Before we go into the results, a recap on the contract profitability and balance sheet review. Hopefully, everyone has seen the slides we published yesterday covering the restatements and the presentational changes of last year consistent with the March 21 CPBS. There's more detail in the interim statement this morning, so I'll just summarise four points. The total restatement of H1 last year is £885 million. And I've split the adjustments out in the same buckets as the year-end on this slide. Secondly, the biggest of these buckets is specific adjusting items. And this is dominated by £760 million of a goodwill adjustment for 2020. Third, underlying operating profit for H1 last year was restated by £26.8 million, of which £21 million were one-offs and £5 million recurring, using the same terminology we used at the year-end. And four, we don't restate for changes in estimates, we only restate for prior-period errors or accounting policy changes. And you'll remember there are a significant number of estimate changes at the end of last year. So those estimate changes will be a variance when we look at first-half profit on second-half profit, because we haven't restated. And that's the £7 million box at the bottom of this slide. So the key financial headlines for the period are set out here. Organic revenue growth was 10%. Approximately 4% was the recovery of activities curtailed in the prior year due to COVID restrictions. And 6% was assisted by the ramp-up of existing programmes in marine and nuclear. The underlying operating profit increase was caused by several items I'll come on to in a moment, but the largest of these was the lower COVID impact compared to the prior period. As expected, operating cash flow and free cash flow were negative as a result of the partial unwinding of historic working capital stretches, higher capex and the catch-up pension deficit payments. Resulting net debt is £1.3 billion, including all leases, or £938 million on a pre-IFRS 16 basis, which is the start point for the covenant ratios. And on covenants, the gearing ratio is 2.8 times at the period end, so it would have been 2.1 times if the Fraser-Nash disposal proceeds had been received in September. They actually came in in October. So, to group revenue, if we skip over the foreign exchange effects and the revenue lost on disposals, the main categories of the revenue variances against last year are, firstly, CPBS. Next, the impact on revenue was £52 million, and this largely are the reassessments of contract progress and profitability across the group outlined at the year end. Next, COVID. Last year, the biggest revenue impacts from COVID were the shutdowns in South Africa, the cessation of activities in civil training, and lower flying hours in aviation. These activities have broadly recovered, hence the revenue variance here. After these impacts, the £155 million variance was a result of the organic growth in all four sectors, driven by the ramp-up of existing programmes in nuclear and marine, which we'll see in a moment. On to profit, we've touched on the CPBS, £21 million and £7 million movements, so I'll cover just the last three variances here over towards the right-hand side. The COVID variance of £25 million has the same caveat as to estimation and judgment as before. We've estimated this to cover the revenue deltas due to activity-level changes from site closures and staff absence, as well as direct costs like testing and equipment purchases, and also any indirect impacts such as inefficiency. So the £25 million is caused by the recovery of many of the impacted activity levels, and also we have been able to recover many of the additional costs of keeping sites open and safe. Whether recovery of these costs continue in H2 is uncertain. The pension charge increase is as we flagged at the year-end. This is an IAS-19 charge and has no direct impact on the funding profile of the schemes. And the other variance of £6 million is largely down to lower margins on projects, including the first year of FMSP, and higher SG&A costs relating to increased bidding activity and improving the control environment that we began in the second half of last year. So the resulting profit for the period is £115 million, and the overall margin of 5.2% is something we plan to improve over time with the new operating model. So now we move on to the sectors with marine first. Again, I'll pick out just the key points. 6% organic revenue growth was largely due to the ramp-up of the Time 31 and warship support programmes, as well as growth in the liquid gas business. Within H1, there was approximately £120 million of low or zero margin programme revenue, which, as we've said before, we'd aim to get back to sector average margins over time. And the profit impacts, which I've set out on the slide, result in a 6.2% margin for marine, similar to where it finished last year-end. The main points to note on nuclear are the contract backlog is significantly increased due to the new FMSP contracts signed in H1. The 14% organic revenue growth reflects the ramp-up of infrastructure work and higher activity in submarine support. We had about £60 million of infrastructure work in H1. On margin, FMSP is a five-year contract and will be at a lower margin early on until the transformation is delivered, and infrastructure work, as well, is a slightly lower margin than the sector average. Moving to land, which also includes South Africa, the key points are COVID had a very material impact on this sector in the early months of last year, with the South African business and civil training, as well as the airport's contracts affected, hence the recovery this year. The CPBS adjustment here is the reduced profitability on programmes, the largest of which was DSG. The resulting sector margin is only 4.9%, but note there is around £100 million of pass-through revenue in the H1 number, and a further £80 million of low or zero margin revenue on programmes. On to aviation, in the prior period, COVID also had a large impact on this sector, with reduced flying hours and additional costs required to maintain the services, and those couldn't be recovered from customers for the most part. The flying hours broadly recovered this year, but the additional costs remain. Revenues also grew as a result of the H160 programme in France, which had only just begun a year ago, and sector margins are obviously very thin at 2%, but at least are beginning to move in the right direction. Moving to the cash flow, as we said at the year end, cash flow was expected to be significantly negative this year, as we started to clear up the build-up of creditors and continue to invest in CapEx. So, within operating cash flow in the period, the main two impacts, therefore, are the higher CapEx due to investment in Type 31 and other infrastructure investment within the nuclear sector, and two, the working capital outflow, which included about £75 million reversal of the year-end creditor stretch that we disclosed last year, as well as an increase in contract assets, mainly in aviation. Below operating cash flow, the pension contributions included the first catch-up payment into the Resythe scheme in the period, and the interest and tax cash flows were as expected. I've also included some guidance for the full year on this slide. Regarding exceptionals, as you know, we're going to restrict the use of this category significantly in future. The restructuring cash flow to date was £9 million, and that's the start of the operating model restructuring impact, and some of the operating model reductions are being achieved through natural attrition. Of the amounts this year, there's up to £40 million of restructuring costs, which will go into exceptionals, as we said, and potentially the settlement of the Italian final attrition is estimated at £20 million. Below free cash flow are the impacts of disposals. The oil and gas disposal was completed within the period, and the net proceeds were £8 million, but it took with it £130 million of leases. And again, I've included some full-year guidance on here, repeating that there'd be no dividend paid in FY22, and our near-term priority is to strengthen the balance sheet and get the gearing ratio below two times. So to liquidity, this slide shows that we've ample liquidity in place over the medium term. In the period, we signed a new £300 million three-year RCF facility and extended the bulk of the main RCF out to 2026. And note again that the net debt numbers on this slide are stated before the receipt of the Fraser-Nash disposal proceeds and the air-time proceeds, which should come in in H2. So to finish, the outlook for FY22 from the announcement this morning is copied verbatim on this slide, and you'll be pleased to know I won't read it. I'll just summarise three points. First, our full-year expectations are unchanged. There's a range of outcomes due to the macro uncertainties. One, of COVID and increasing inflation, and we are in the first year of a turnaround, but we are on track. Second, we continue to expect free cash flow to be significantly negative for FY22 as the pension contributions and restructuring costs go out, and we unwind the historic working capital stretches. This is the same guidance we gave at the year-end. And third, we're confident that we can significantly improve profitability and cash flow generation of the group in the medium term. So with that, I'll now hand back to David for the progress update. Thank you. Oops, lost my notes. Oops, completely lost my notes. So, well, align the portfolio. What we said a year ago was, six months ago, was the portfolio alignment was a strategically driven thing. We wanted to, we identified the markets we wanted to serve and the capabilities we wanted to deliver, and that led to a disposal programme. We did do a sense check because we needed a minimum of 400 million proceeds to also make the balance sheet in a safe place to get below two times, as David said, and we're on track to do that. So, having got that, we still are going to complete the disposal programme. Clearly, people always ask what else is on the list, and we always say, we don't talk about that, it's commercially sensitive, not good for the business, but the aim is to be finished substantially in this financial year. That will enable us to then define the group, define therefore what the right risk profile of the group is, capital structure and everything, and talk about that at the full year, as we said we would when we did the full year results this year. So, the new operating model, as I said at the beginning, this is about being a better business as much as it is about delivering the 40 million savings. It's about how the business can operate much more globally with less layers, better communication, how I have line of sight of all the people who do all of the important work in the business. So, I won't say that the 40 million is a by-product of that, but the most important thing to drive an international operating model for this company is to have the right shape of business so that the company can join up. That's going well. It also makes us more resilient against the COVID uncertainties because the business is cleaner with shorter lines of communication. If we have to implement short-term actions to deal with how government might respond to a new variant or whatever, we're in a much better place to respond than with a less streamlined organisation. Alongside that, we've implemented a number of new processes. The one I've picked out here is the new approach to project management and bidding. It's much simpler. It's much more proactive. So, I once said to someone, a risk register is one of two things. It's either something that you actively manage and drives how a programme outturns, both operationally and financially, or it's a list of pending excuses. And we are very much culturally and operationally driving the former. And I'm not suggesting anything, but just we're really driving in the way we bid and run programmes is to make it something we proactively drive. People's strategy, I'm actually going to use the principal slide in a minute to talk about the Australia down select on Monday. so I won't touch on it now. We've gone through this thing. We've called it agile working. We don't call it flexible working because that has connotations in some of our union agreements. So, agile working is two things. Agility in terms of location where work is conducted. And that doesn't just mean home. It can mean more than one workplace. And agility on timing. Because the other thing we have discovered is by being flexible on when people work, not only where they work, means that it's easier for people particularly without caring either for elderly people or for children. Caring responsibilities is easier for them to commit to the company if we can be flexible. So, this is identifying ways of which are good for us and good for our employees. That's been rolled out. It's been an interesting journey because typically if you attend offices, you pay for attendance. You clock people in and clock people out. You pay for their attendance. If they're working in a more agile way, you pay for output. So, it's forced us to think a lot about what people actually deliver as much as their attendance. That's been a great, great journey for us culturally. ESG, I've got a slide on, so I won't touch on it here. Growth opportunities. We've got three up there. The Indonesia Type 31, the MOI with Ukraine and the Mentor Program in France. We can now add the Down Select in Australia. Three key non-UK order wins. The ship build, a total program, pilot training and HF comm. So, across the gamut of what we do, all outside the UK. So, these are our new principles. They are quite a shock to the system for some in the company, but they really matter. So, if I look at the HF comms business that we want in Australia, this was driven by a massive collaboration between our Australian business and the UK business. So, they certainly started with, be curious, how might we? We beat a very strong incumbent. So, how will we do it differently? What is our, what is, why would, how would we make the customer change? Be kind, that is not be nice, that is, do things in a respectful way. there's a lot of challenges working at distance. It's very easy to point fingers and that's worked really well. Be courageous, but believe me, bidding this at all was courageous. Be courageous, really go for it. Outcomes, sounds obvious, but actually, in a whole culture, success of a meeting can be planning the next meeting. This is about actually getting stuff done and that's been a real thing to drive to the schedule and I would say John Howie, who is sitting just there, who's chaired the group board review to make, has really driven through outcomes. Collaborate, well it's a given, given what I've just said, and then own and deliver. This is not just the, the lead in Australia, but in particularly the ownership of the delivery in the UK to support successful collaboration, persuading and convincing the Australian customer that that technology, the technology transfer that we committed will happen, that we'll have full capability in country fast, with hard evidence, not just words, was really compelling. So, the principles which were launched midway through this bid, undoubtedly people started referencing them in the calls I were on, I was on, started referencing them and calling out bad behaviour using them, really helped drive an international business. ESG, so the three of them. Net Zero, Scope 1 and 2 by 2040. We have quite a significant aviation business in our current perimeter. That's one of the things that drives the date because we have to estimate when the aviation business and technology in aviation is such that you can head towards net zero. Obviously, other parts of the business will get there earlier. We've got climate-related risks and opportunities into the strategic process, but I do think as we drive the engagement in the business, we're seeing lots of opportunity here, and not opportunity as in climate change creates opportunity, but opportunity to differentiate ourselves. So we now have a portal where people load up their ideas, for example, in the support business and the infrastructure support about how you can do it in a more environmentally beneficial way so that there's now a sharing of environmental opportunities for the group in a way which we've never had before. social, I touched on it with the fact, but we are in a war for talent and our people care, and not just the young people, the whole organisation cares about how we are regarded. We're 14% of the direct economy in Plymouth and probably double that, direct and indirect, so we have a huge opportunity opportunity to influence the west, southwest of the UK agenda across a range of things, and that's what our people expect. If we're going to recruit the thousands of people we need over the next five to ten years, people are going to want to join a company that is playing its role, so this isn't just being nice, this is about delivering social impact for business reasons. I've touched on the other thing we're starting to do is set ourselves some hard targets on IND, so for example, 30% of senior managers to be female by 2025, we're currently at 21, so that's a 50% increase. We've just appointed our first two female managing directors, which is a step in the right direction, because this is not only about the number, 30%, but the risk of getting this wrong, not just in the places where you might typically expect females to be, so comms or finance or HR, but also in, so our new group head of programmes is a lady, oh, it's a woman, a female, I'm not allowed to use the word lady, oh, I'm doing so well, it's Donna, okay, she's Donna. So we want, we want to actually, it's, we want a balanced representation across the organisation, not clusters. And finally, governance matters a lot, improved internal controls so that we actually do what we say we're going to do. Delegations of authorities totally align with the de-layering so that de-layering empowers at the front, that's where best decisions are made, and things like a new sustainable procurement policy. I thought I'd touch on here the kind of commentary that's around our sector on ESG and the defence sector. My view, particularly for a company like Babcock, which is so people-driven, is that those countries which have the capacity to address ESG issues properly are strong and robust countries and they need strong and robust defence to do that. I think with 30,000 people we can lead the way on the whole gamut of this agenda. So I don't see being a defence company as anti-ESG, I see it as quite the reverse, and I think it's our job to make that case and shy away from defence and ESG. I think we are a key component of an ESG, of a global ESG strategy, not an enemy of it, and if I didn't believe that I wouldn't be here. So, defence digital, this currently sits in the marine business. It's a very important and growing part of our business and I've just picked out three different areas. So, the music programme, the catchily named Maritime Electronic Warfare Systems Integration Capability, is a major win displacing a long-term incumbent in the UK, providing electronic warfare for the Navy over an extended period. ELEG Tactis, which is tactical comms in the UK again, is an entry point into a programme which has lots of growth potential. and then high-frequency comms where we are a provider in the UK and New Zealand are now down-selected in Australia with major opportunities in the other two five eyes countries, Canada and the USA. So, a very significant capability taking microwave management from the electronic warfare through tactical comms, inter-strategic comms, where we play a critical role for governments, perhaps slightly underplayed by us in the past, but where we're seeing real and exciting growth. So, finally, back to the first slide as always, my summary would be that we're on track, as David said, that we are managing quite volatile external environments actually increasingly well, where business development is going well both in the UK and outside, and, you know, for a successful turnaround in a volatile world. So, with that, we'll take questions on anything, really. I've got to point to people because there are roving mics, I think. Well, actually, why don't you just pick people who've got their hands up, Debbie, and that gives you the power. Thanks, it's Rob Plant from Pamia. Can you add a USI without a business there? So, almost certainly to do anything in comms in the US you'd have to partner. So, we're partnered with Lockheed Martin outside the States, for example. So, these are typically collaborations, so I can't imagine in comms we would be the prime, but we could certainly partner with people to bring through the technology we've got. More generally, are you thinking about entering the US at all? So, we talked about that, I think, at the full year. So, it's 50% of the addressable market, but for what we do, it's less addressable than if you're a product business, so it's a big bet, and at the moment, there's plenty to go at in what we already have before we think about that big bet. Thank you. Good morning. Joe Brent from Libram. Can I ask three questions, maybe one at a time, if that's okay? Sorry? Could I ask three questions, maybe one at a time? One at a time, yes, please. Make it easier. The first one, on the sales proceeds, it seems to me you're pretty much at your target, 400 million. Would you consider at some stage raising that target to maybe 500 million, given those other things you can potentially sell? Yeah, so what we said so, what we said was, we had a strategically-led sales process, the first 400 million proceeds of which would be used to pay down debt. Clearly, once you've done that and got the balance sheet to a safe place, you then have choices about how to use the remainder of the proceeds, and therefore, you don't kind of need to speculate on what that number might be. So, it doesn't have to just be debt pay down for the rest of the proceeds. Yeah, and as we've said before, we wouldn't trail future disposals for all sorts of reasons. So, we'll keep the market up to date at the appropriate time. As David said, we'll be finished around the time of the year and results anyway. So, we'll know what the perimeter of the group is then. Thank you. The second question, if I may, on inflation. Clearly, it's a hot topic at the moment, generally. Others have given guidance on what percentage of contracts by number or value have inflation protection clauses. Could you give us a little bit more of the science around... Oh, that's a number of questions, David. Yeah. So, very approximately two-thirds of our contracts have some form of inflation protection and that varies, obviously, because there are many of them. So, some of them would be very well protected, some of them have indices, escalators, and a variety of that. So, two-thirds of contracts. Where we buy, we generally try and fix the prices off supply chains. So, and often, we're back-to-back. So, even when we take inflation risk off the customer on the end contract, we would look to make sure that we're not absorbing that from the supply chain too. And then, for the remainder of it, obviously, we're a people business. We need to manage the inflation such as it is as we do the rest of our cost base with efficiency and productivity. Thank you. And finally, in the first half, you've clearly done a good job of recovering some of the overhead costs. Are you confident we'll be able to do that in the second half? and how and when will we know whether you can do that? Say it again? COVID or overhead? COVID overhead. COVID overhead. OK. So, should I go or you go? You go. I'll go first and then you do it. All right. So, the only thing I said, as David said, H1 last year was the bottom of the COVID cost issue. Or the worst part in that the lockdowns were the hardest and we were all learning how to cope. So, the comparison year on year is the most stark. H2 to H2 is more difficult to predict because in H2 not only have we started to all understand how we were going to live with this for this period but also governments were funding quite a lot of that cost. In H2 this year we don't know exactly what the risk is and we don't know exactly how much governments will fund which is why you create an uncertainty when you try and compare the two. Yeah, so just to remind you and everyone else I think three components of the COVID impact. There's the revenue impact from activity levels so if something's shut or curtailed or slowed down that to profit. Secondly are the extra costs of keeping activities and sites open whether they be testing or cleaning or equipment or what have you in efficiency etc. So costs incurred to keep sites open and thirdly is the recovery of those costs which as we've said historically in the early stages and until recently obviously through the first half largely but not entirely were recoverable. So all of those three things are what we need to think about going forward. So when we said at the full year we didn't expect a material boost in profits because of COVID obviously we can't predict the revenue the activity levels so that's down to local countries conditions and new variants and what have you. The costs we kind of know how to keep these places open but the recovery of costs is obviously not within our control so and over time will governments around the world expect companies to pick those up more than they probably do possibly. So they're the three things we think about. It's Kian Martin from Jefferies. Morning. Could I first of all ask a few questions on the nuclear infrastructure Spencer? Thanks for detailing the amount in the first half. it's quite lumpy and obviously when we're trying to forecast that division it's quite an important swing factor. Is it right given some of your sort of interactions with suppliers in Devonport over the last sort of few months where you've basically been I think looking for indications of people for the work that that revenue number may build up so I think it's Dock 10 and some of the other Docks basically start to the work starts to ramp up that that 60 million potentially gets bigger? During the second half of the year it probably will be that level or it could be higher depending on how things go so you're right it does it is a bit of a bubble on top of the rest of the business which is why I called out the 60 million in the first half and of course that is higher than it was this time last year. Yeah and there is quite a lot planned there are limitations in all the sites about how much work can actually physical how many people can you get onto a site how much material can you get onto a site so there are physical limitations in terms of how much civils we can actually do Does that suggest therefore that fiscal 23 may be flat I think it's too early to say at the moment and then secondly can you just provide us with an update on recent trading in South Africa where obviously the Covid wave may have impacted your business again So to date South Africa has been open and going well and it has been open well since I've been here 12 months so it was particularly acute in the first half of last year the shutdowns etc so open and going well I appreciate you don't disclose it sort of feels with the additional bid activity cost that's going in and just looking at the underlying activity in the business that actually your growth opportunity set is expanding I'm just wondering if you can help us think about that or scale it in some way does it feel like the opportunity is bigger than probably you thought 12 to 18 months ago So I would say that the opportunity is clearer whether it's bigger or not I kind of was one of the reasons I took this job was because I just kind of had this feeling it was big I think the opportunity is clearer the nature of our business is you could end up with six silver medals and no business or two golds and lots of business and as we saw recently on the Greek decision to abandon their procurement and buy three French frigates there's a lot of geopolitical stuff in being a major prime contractor some of which falls in your favour and some of which falls against you so the line is clearer and now we need to make sure we win some gold medals morning Chris Bambury Peelhunt could you please elaborate on some of the current opportunities in the pipeline across the four divisions please and secondly could you give us the comparator numbers for the pass through and low margin revenues in the first half of last year thanks so in marine within the UK the FSS programme remains an opportunity however it finally plays out because I just think there's so much work to do on that that most major GRs will do something in international we're in a number of competitions we've proved in Indonesia we can win which is good we now have to prove that isn't a one-off but there are significant opportunities as I said defence digital system and we've won the three programmes that I put up all recently so there's definitely we're definitely very competitive in that world we probably at the moment need to make sure we don't over trade deliver what we've got in civil nuclear we keep calling the bottom and then it goes down so I'm always really nervous in civil nuclear but one would have thought that with new build at Hinkley with the SMR work that is being planned in the UK and outside with the decommissioning work that needs to be done that we ought to have found the bottom soon so I can always do a big strategic overlay on civil nuclear and then I look at the numbers and there seems to be this disconnect but we are very well positioned as the UK's only nationally owned civil nuclear contractor to take advantage of that in the UK and then outside in places like Canada in naval nuclear obviously it's very very early days in the G2G discussions on AUKUS the Australian nuclear submarine programme but you'd like to believe we have a role to play there in aviation we've proved in Mentor that we can do pilot training outside the UK and clearly the FACT programme there in Canada which we've talked about before is a major opportunity very digital and then finally in land I would say we're in more of a reset mode but there are opportunities in life after DSG and the broader support environment so and that kind of puts aside the kind of incremental stuff that you get in the underlying support business I think that's my have you got anything you want to add on growth or do you want to do pass through I'll do pass through because it's quite easy so it's very similar so the pass through levels which are particularly in land are pretty flat and have been pretty flat both last year first half and full year and first half this year thank you very much Sash Tusa from Agency Partners just a quick question about Ukraine could you just clarify is your relationship direct with the government of Ukraine because clearly there's some risk as to whether that actually is there to be a client in the medium term or is your relationship through a government to government relationship where the UK government effectively covers at least some of your downside risk so at the risk of crossing a confidentiality line the programme is funded by UK Export Finance so the financial relationship is essentially with the UK government the operational relationship is with the Ukrainian government do we have any online are you going to read them out or are they going to come from the heavens the first question from the phone line comes from the line of Anvesh Agrawal from Morgan Stanley please go ahead hi good morning I got a couple of questions really first on the marine margin and picking sort of your comments earlier saying that you plan to improve them over time clearly in the first half the recovery was led by Fraser Nash which has now been disposed so maybe if you can comment on what are your building blocks for marine or the medium term that would be really great and then just overall within this strategic plan what has gone well and what has not gone so well so far I mean overall things seems to be in track but where you would like the progress to be much faster well I'll do the second one first so I think whenever you make a change as you build up things like the operating model change whenever you finally implement it you always ask yourself the question why you didn't do it the week before so I guess on the operating model stuff you always want to have done it sooner and I've never done a change like it when I haven't felt I wish I'd done it sooner so you know we're online with our plan but you always want to go faster but and I think what's gone well is the disposals programme I think I was probably nervous that we'd have the deals for the 400 million in a year I wasn't certain we'd have the cash so I think that's gone better what do you think on that it has because we said we'd do it within 12 months of the full year and we've signed them now and Fraser Nash has completed then on margins in marine building block the obvious building blocks are firstly the operating model and their share of it and we haven't split that out by sector but you can take a guess at that secondly we've flagged there's 120 million of low or zero margin programme revenue in that sector which over time there's no reason why that shouldn't be at normal margins it will take time these things don't turn in months or quickly but you know there's no reason why those programmes shouldn't be at a good margin and then thirdly of course there's the normal sort of productivity and continuous improvement that we would look to do every year over time obvious blocks thank you there are no further questions on the phone lines so I'll hand the call back over to your host okay well thank you all for your time and I'm sure we will be speaking before we stand up with the full year thank you thank you