 That's a disclaimer, if you could all quickly read it.
 Well done. So we're going to cover a brief introduction by me. David will then take you through the financial performance. A bit like the half year, there are some complexities in comparators and so on because of the restatement.
 and then I'll put a bit of colour around our strategic priorities and strategic direction.
 but if I was to
 If I was to summarise the six months from my perspective,
 actually it's gone largely to plan or a bit better than plan
 and that's true across all dimensions
 so the inorganic, the portfolio alignment, the organic, the reset of the operating model,
 and the ESG agenda.
 Agenda. On the ESG Agenda I think it's probably the most encouraging thing. There's lots of
 in our industry, but the people who work in it are committed, in our business, are committed
 to pulling it to the centre of the organisation.
 So if I look at how we go about bids now, it's gone from being a kind of thing you check off at the end to how we're going to execute the business from the beginning.
 If you look at the FACT program in Canada, the way in which we're now embracing First
 destination work is not a compliance issue, it's a genuine commitment to the strategy
 the Canadian government. So I just think we're seeing across the company a complete change
 in mindset on ESG, on the societal, on the environmental and on the governance, I think
 That's great.
 business development, some really interesting orders in the period which we'll come to
 to, and particularly I'll put a slide later on Defence Digital where we've made significant
 progress.
 So that kind of enthusiasm could lead you to a really positive view on the outside world.
 The natural environment is a bit difficult.
 We are still seeing a lot of volatility around COVID.
 COVID. I would say that compared with 18 months ago, we kind of know how to manage that, our agile
 working strategy helps mitigate some of it, but we are a people-based business. We employ
 with 30,000 people and therefore restrictions on how those people can operate and behave
 undoubtedly have an impact.
 So Covid and exactly how it plays out over the next period is uncertain.
 There are inflation pressures, David will touch on that a bit.
 We do have some decent protection in some of our contracts but not 100% and supply chain
 we have strengthened our corporate supply chain capability
 and we're now taking a much broader view, but it is a fact that supply chain pressures
 do exist because we're not a product business
 we're less susceptible, but we are taking it very seriously.
 So I'll come back to most of that later, but I didn't want to delay your opportunity to see David.
 Thank you, David.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Before we go into the results, a recap on the contract profitability and balance sheet review.
 Hopefully everyone has seen the slides we published yesterday
 covering the restatements and the presentational changes of last year
 consistent with the March 21 CPBS.
 there's more detail in the interim statement this morning
 so I'll just summarise four points.
 The total restatement of H1 last year is £885 million, and I've split the adjustments out in the same buckets as the year-end on this slide.
 Secondly, the biggest of these buckets is specific adjusting items, and this is dominated
 by £760 million of a goodwill adjustment in 2020.
 Third, underlying operating profit for H1 last year was restated by £26.8 million,
 pounds, of which 21 million pounds were one-offs and 5 million pounds recurring, using the
 same terminology we used at the year-end.
 And four, we don't restate for changes in estimates, we only restate for prior period
 errors or accounting policy changes and you'll remember there are significant
 number of estimate changes at the end of last year.
 so those estimate changes will be a variance when we look at first half profit on second
 half profit because we haven't restated. And that's the £7 million box at the bottom of this slide.
 Right.
 So, the key financial headlines for the period are set out here.
 Organic revenue growth was 10%.
 approximately 4% recovery of activities curtailed in the prior year due to COVID
 restrictions, and 6% was assisted by the ramp-up of existing programs in marine and nuclear.
 The underlying operating profit increase was caused by several items I'll come on to in a moment,
 but the largest of these was the lower COVID impact compared to the prior period.
 As expected, operating cash flow and free cash flow were negative
 as a result of the partial unwinding of historic working capital stretches,
 higher capex and the catch-up pension deficit payments resulting net debt is
 £1.3 billion, including all leases, or £938 million on a pre-IFRS-16 basis, which is the
 start point for the covenant ratios. And on covenants, the gearing ratio is 2.8 times
 at the period end, but it would have been 2.1 times if the Fraser-Nash disposal proceeds
 had been received in September, they actually came in in October.
 So to group revenue, if we skip over the foreign exchange effects
 and the revenue lost on disposals.
 The main categories of the revenue variances against last year are firstly CPBS, the impact on revenue was 52 million, and this largely are the reassessments of contract progress and profitability across the group outlined at the year end.
 Next, COVID.
 Last year, the biggest revenue impacts from COVID were the shutdowns in South Africa,
 the cessation of activities in civil training and lower flying hours in aviation.
 These activities have broadly recovered, hence the revenue variance here.
 after these impacts
 the 155 million pound variance was a result of the organic growth in all four sectors
 driven by the ramp-up of existing programs in nuclear and marine, which we'll see in a moment.
 On to profit, we've touched on the CPBS £21 million and £7 million movements.
 So I'll cover just the last three variances here over towards the right-hand side.
 The COVID variance of £25 million has the same caveat as to estimation and judgment as before.
 we've estimated this to cover the revenue deltas due to activity level
 changes from site closures and staff absence, as well as direct costs like testing and equipment
 purchases and also any indirect impacts such as inefficiency.
 So the £25 million is caused by the recovery of many of the impacted activity levels and
 And also, we have been able to recover many of the additional costs of keeping sites open
 and safe
 Whether recovery of these costs continue in H2 is uncertain.
 The pension charge increase is as we flagged at the year end.
 This is an IAS-19 charge and has no direct impact on the funding profile of the schemes.
 And the other variance of £6 million is largely down to lower margins on projects, including
 the first year of FMSP and higher SG&A costs relating to increased bidding activity and
 improving the control environment that we began in the second half of last year.
 So the resulting profit for the period is £115 million and the overall margin of 5.2%
 is something we plan to improve over time with the new operating model.
 So now we move on to the sectors with Marine first.
 Again, I'll pick out just the key points.
 6% organic revenue growth
 was largely due to the ramp-up of the Time 31 and warship support programmes,
 as well as growth in the liquid gas business.
 within H1 there was approximately
 £120 million of low or zero margin programme revenue, which, as we've said before, we'd
 aimed to get back to sector average margins over time.
 The profit impacts, which I've set out on the slide, result in a 6.2% margin for marine,
 similar to where it finished last year end.
 The main points to note on nuclear are the contract backlog is significantly increased due to the new FMSP contract signed in H1.
 The 14% organic revenue growth reflects the ramp-up of infrastructure work
 and higher activity in submarine support.
 We had about £60 million of infrastructure work in H1.
 On margin, FMSP is a five-year contract and will be at a lower margin early on until the transformation is delivered.
 and infrastructure work as well is a slightly lower margin than the sector average.
 Moving to land, which also includes South Africa, the key points are COVID had a very
 material impact on this sector in the early months of last year with the South African
 business and civil training, as well as the airport's contracts affected, hence the recovery
 this year.
 The CPBS adjustment here is the reduced profitability on programs, the largest of which was DSG.
 The resulting sector margin is only 4.9%.
 But note there is around £100 million of pass-through revenue in the H1 number, and
 further £80 million of low or zero margin revenue on programmes.
 on to aviation.
 In the prior period, COVID also had a large impact on this sector
 with reduced flying hours
 additional costs required to maintain the services and those couldn't be
 recovered from customers for the most part.
 The flying hours broadly recovered this year, but the additional costs remain.
 News also grew as a result of the H160 programme in France, which had only just begun a year
 ago.
 And sector margins are obviously very thin at 2%, but at least are beginning to move in the right direction.
 Moving to the cash flow, as we said at the year end, cash flow was expected to be significantly
 negative this year, as we started to clear up the build-up of creditors and continue
 to invest in capex. So within operating cash flow in the period, the main two impacts therefore
 are the higher capex due to investment in type 31 and other infrastructure investment
 within the nuclear sector, and two, the working capital outflow, which included about 75 million
 ...reversal of the year-end creditor stretch that we disclosed last year,
 as well as an increase in contract assets, mainly in aviation.
 Below operating cash flow, the pension contributions included the first catch-up payment into the
 a scythe scheme in the period, and the interest and tax cash flows were as expected.
 I've also included some guidance for the full year on this slide.
 Regarding exceptionals, as you know, we're going to restrict the use of this category significantly in future.
 the restructuring cash flow
 to date was nine million pounds and that's the start of the operating model restructuring
 impact and some of the operating model reductions are being achieved through natural attrition.
 Of the amounts this year, there's up to £40 million of restructuring costs which will
 go into exceptionals, as we said, and potentially the settlement of the Italian
 is estimated at £20 million.
 £13.
 Below free cash flow are the impacts of disposals.
 The oil and gas disposal was completed within the period
 and the net proceeds were £8 million
 but it took with it
 £130 million of leases
 and again I've included
 some full-year guidance on here, repeating that there would be no dividend paid in FY22
 And our near-term priority is to strengthen the balance sheet
 and get the gearing ratio below two times.
 terms. So to liquidity, this slide shows that we've ample liquidity in place over the medium
 term.
 In the period, we signed a new £300 million three-year RCF facility
 and extended the bulk of the main RCF out to 2026.
 and note again that the net debt numbers on this slide
 as stated before the receipt of the Fraser-Nash disposal proceeds and the
 which should come in in H2.
 So to finish, the outlook for FY22 from the announcement this morning
 is copied verbatim on this slide
 and you'll be pleased to know I won't read it.
 I'll just summarise three points.
 First, our full-year expectations are unchanged.
 There's a range of outcomes due to the macro uncertainties of COVID and increasing inflation.
 and we are in the first year of a turnaround, but we are on track.
 Second, we continue to expect free cash flow to be significantly negative for FY22 as the
 pension contributions and restructuring costs go out,
 and we unwind the historic working capital stretches.
 This is the same guidance we gave at the year-end.
 And third, we're confident that we can significantly improve profitability and cash flow generation
 of the group in the medium term.
 So with that, I'll now hand back to David for the progress update.
 Thank you.
 lost my notes
 Oh, completely lost my notes, oh well.
 So, align the portfolio.
 what we said
 a year ago was
 six months ago was
 the portfolio
 video alignment was a strategically driven thing.
 We wanted to, we identified the markets we wanted to serve and the capabilities we wanted
 to deliver, and that led to a disposal program.
 We did do a sense check because we needed a minimum of 400 million proceeds to also
 make the balance sheet in a safe place to get below two times, as David said, and we're
 on track to do that.
 So, having got that, we still are going to complete the disposal program.
 Clearly, people always ask what else is on the list, and we always say,
 It's commercially sensitive, not good for the business.
 this, but the aim is to be finished substantially in this financial year.
 That will enable us to then define the group, define therefore what the right risk profile
 of the group here's capital structure and everything and talk about that at the full
 year as we said we would when we did the full year results this year.
 year.
 new operating model. As I said at the beginning, this is about being a better business as much
 as it is about delivering 40 million savings.
 It's about how the business can operate much more globally with less layers, better
 communication, how I have a line of sight of all the people who do all of the important
 work in the business.
 So I won't say that the 40 million is a by-product of that, but the most important thing to drive
 of an international operating model for this company is to have the right shape of business
 so that the company can join up. That's going well. It also makes us more resilient against
 the COVID uncertainties, because the business
 is cleaner with shorter lines of communication if we have to implement short-term actions
 to deal with how government might respond to a new variant, whatever, we're in a much
 a much better place to respond than with a less streamlined organisation.
 Alongside that, we've implemented a number of new processes.
 The one I've picked out here is the new approach to project management and bidding.
 It's much simpler.
 It's much more proactive.
 So, I once said to someone, a risk register is one of two things.
 It's either something that you actively manage and drive how a program outturns, both operationally and financially, or it's a list of pending excuses.
 and we are very much
 culturally and operationally driving the former and I'm not suggesting anything but just we're really
 driving in and the way we bid and run programmes is to make it something we proactively drive.
 strategy. I'm actually going to use the principal slide in a minute to talk about the Australia
 down select on Monday so I won't touch on it now we've we've gone for this thing
 we've called it agile working we don't call it flexible working because that has
 connotations in some of our union agreements. Agile working is two things, agility in terms
 of location where work is conducted and that doesn't just mean home, it can mean more than
 one workplace and agility on timing because the other thing we have discovered is by being
 flexible on when people work, not only where they work, means that it's easier for people
 particularly without, you know, caring either for elderly people or for children.
 and caring responsibilities, it's easier for them to commit to the company if we can be
 flexible. So this is
 this is identifying ways
 Good for us and good for our employees.
 that's been rolled out. It's been an interesting journey because typically if you attend offices
 is you pay for attendance, you clock people in and clock people out,
 you pay for their attendance.
 if they're working in a more agile way, you pay for output.
 So it's forced us to think a lot about what people actually deliver as much as their attendance.
 So it's been a great, great journey for us culturally.
 ESG, I've got a slide on, so I won't touch on it here.
 growth opportunities.
 We've got three up there.
 the Indonesia type 31, the MOI with Ukraine and the mentor program in France.
 we can now add the down select in Australia, three key non-UK order wins, a ship build,
 a total programme, pilot training and HFCOM, so across the gamut of what we do, all outside
 the UK.
 So these are our new principles. They are quite a shock to the system for some in the company, but they really matter.
 So if I look at the HF comms business that we want in Australia,
 This was driven by a massive collaboration between our Australian business and the UK business.
 so they certainly started with
 Be curious, how might we?
 we beat a very strong incumbent, so how would we do it differently?
 What is our, what is, why would, how would we make the customer change?
 Be kind, that is not be nice, that is do things in a respectful way.
 there's a lot of challenges working at distance, it's very easy to point fingers and that's
 work really well. Believe me, bidding this at all was courageous. Be courageous, really
 go for it. Outcomes sounds obvious but actually success of a meeting can be planning the next
 meeting.
 um this is about actually getting stuff done and that's been a real thing to drive to the schedule
 And I would say John Howey, who is sitting just there, who's chaired the group board
 review has really driven through outcomes.
 collaborate, but it's a given, given what I've just said, and then own and deliver.
 This is not just the lead in Australia, but in particular the ownership of the delivery
 in the UK to support successful collaboration, persuading and convincing the Australian
 customer that the technology transfer that we committed will happen, that we'll have
 full capability in-country fast, with hard evidence, not just words, was really compelling.
 So the principles which were launched midway through this bid, undoubtedly people started
 referencing him and the calls I were on.
 I started referencing them and calling out bad behaviour using them.
 It really helped drive an international business.
 ESG, so the three of them, Net Zero, Scope 1 and 2 by 2040, we have quite significant
 aviation business in our current perimeter, that's one of the things that drives the
 date, because we have to estimate when the aviation business and technology in aviation
 is such that you can head towards net zero.
 Obviously, other parts of the business will get there earlier.
 We've got climate-related risks and opportunities into the strategic process, but I do think
 as we as we drive the engagement in the business we're seeing lots of opportunity here and not
 opportunity as in climate change creates opportunity but opportunity to
 differentiate ourselves. So we now have a portal where people load up their ideas, for example
 example in the support business and the infrastructure support about how you can do it in a more
 environments.
 Environmentally...
 beneficial way, so that there's now a sharing of environmental opportunities for the group
 in a way which we've never had before.
 for. Social, I touched on it with the fact bit, but we are in a war for talent and our
 people care, and not just the young people, the whole organisation cares about how we
 are regarded. We're 14% of the direct economy in Plymouth and probably double that direct
 and indirect, so we have a huge opportunity to influence the southwest of the UK's agenda
 across a range of things. And that's what our people expect. If we're going to recruit
 the thousands of people
 we need over the next five to ten years, people are going to want to join a company that is
 playing its role. So this isn't just being nice, this is about delivering social impact
 for business reasons.
 I've touched on that
 are working. The other thing we're starting to do is set ourselves some hard targets on
 IND.
 So, for example, 30% of senior managers to be female by 2025,
 we're currently at 21. So that's a 50% increase. We've just appointed our first two female
 managing directors which is a step in the right direction because this this is
 not only about the number, 30%, but the risk of getting this wrong, not just in the places
 where you might typically expect females to be, so comms or finance or HR, but also in
 So our new group head of programmes is a lady.
 I wouldn't say it's a woman, a female.
 I'm not allowed to use the word lady. Oh, I was doing so well.
 It's Donna okay, she's Donna
 So we want a balanced representation across the organisation, not clusters.
 and finally governance matters a lot
 Improved internal controls so that we actually do what we say we're going to do.
 Delegations of authorities totally align with the de-layering so that de-layering empowers at the front.
 That's where best decisions are made, and things like a new sustainable procurement
 policy.
 I thought I'd touch on here the kind of commentary that's around our sector on ESG and the defence sector.
 my view
 particularly for a company like Babcock
 but which is so people-driven, is that those countries which have the capacity to address
 ESG issues properly, are strong and robust countries, and they need strong and robust
 defence to do that.
 I think with 30,000 people, we can lead the way on the whole gamut of this agenda.
 So I don't see being a defence company as anti-ESG, I see it as quite the reverse, and
 And I think it's our job to make that case, to shy away from Defence and ESG.
 I think we are a key component of a global ESG strategy, not an enemy of it, and if I
 I didn't believe that I wouldn't be here.
 So, Defence Digital, this currently sits in the marine business, it's a very important
 and growing part of our business
 Listen, I've just picked out three different areas.
 So the music program, the catchily named Maritime Electronic Warfare Systems Integration Capability,
 is a major wind displacing a long-term incumbent in the UK providing electronic warfare for the
 the Navy over an extended period.
 ELEG TACTIS, which is tactical comms in the UK again, is an entry point into a program which has lots of growth potential.
 and then high frequency comms where we are a provider in the UK and New Zealand
 are now down-selected in Australia, with major opportunities in the other two five IS countries,
 is Canada and the USA.
 So a very significant capability taking microwave management
 from the electronic warfare through tactical comms,
 inter-strategic comms, where we play a critical role for governments, perhaps slightly underplayed
 by us in the past, but where we're seeing real and exciting growth.
 So finally, back to the first slide as always.
 case.
 My summary would be that we're on track, as David said, that we are managing quite
 volatile external environments actually increasingly well, where business development is going
 well both in the UK and outside.
 and, you know, for a successful turnaround in a volatile world.
 So with that, we'll take questions on anything, really.
 I've got to point to people because there are roving mics, I think.
 Well, actually, why don't you just pick people who've got their hands up, Debbie,
 that gives you the power.
 Thanks, it's Rob Plant from Pamir.
 Can you add a USI without a business there?
 So, almost certainly, to do anything in comms in the U.S., you'd have to partner.
 So we're partnered with Lockheed Martin outside the States, for example.
 So these are typically collaborations, so I can't imagine in comms we would be the prime,
 but we could certainly partner with people to bring through the technology we've got.
 And more generally, are you thinking about potentially entering the U.S. at all?
 before we think about that big bet.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, Joe Brandt from Lieberman.
 Can I ask three questions, maybe one at a time if that's okay?
 Sorry?
 Could I ask three questions maybe one at a time?
 one at a time, make it easier.
 The first one, on the sales proceeds, it seems to me you're pretty much at your target 400 million.
 would you consider at some stage raising that target to maybe 500 million given those other
 things you can potentially sell so what we said was we we would we had a
 a strategically led sales process, the first 400 million proceeds of which would be used
 to pay down debt.
 Clearly, once you've done that and got the balance sheet to a safe place,
 you then have choices about how to use the remainder of the proceeds,
 and therefore you don't kind of need to speculate on what that number might be.
 So it doesn't have to just be debt pay down for the rest of the proceeds.
 Yeah, and as we've said before, we wouldn't trail future disposals for all sorts of reasons.
 so we'll keep the market up to date
 at the appropriate time
 as David said, will be finished around the time of the year-end results anyway.
 So we'll all know what the perimeter of the group is then.
 Thank you.
 The second question, if I may, on inflation, clearly it's a hot topic at the moment generally.
 others have given guidance on what percentage of contracts by number or
 value have inflation protection clauses.
 Could you give us a little bit more of the science around...
 around.
 Oh, that's a number of questions, David.
 Yeah, so very approximately two-thirds of our contracts have some form of inflation protection,
 and that varies, obviously, because there are many of them.
 So some of them would be very well protected, some of them have indices, escalators, and a variety of that.
 So two-thirds of contracts. Where we buy, we generally try and fix the prices of supply chains.
 and often we're back to back
 So even when we take inflation risk off the customer on the end contract,
 we would look to make sure that we're not absorbing that from the supply chain too.
 And then for the remainder of it, obviously, we're a people business.
 we need to manage
 the inflation such as it is as we do the rest of our cost base
 with efficiency and productivity.
 Thank you.
 In the first half, you've clearly done a good job of recovering some of the overhead costs.
 are you confident
 to be able to do that in the second half
 and how and when will we know
 whether you can do that.
 Sorry.
 What's that again?
 COVID or overhead?
 COVID-19.
 COVID, right.
 Right ahead.
 Okay, okay.
 So should I go or you go?
 You go.
 I'll go first and then you do it.
 All right.
 So that's the only thing I'd say.
 David said H1 last year was the bottom of the Covid cost issue, or the worst part in that
 that the lockdowns were the hardest and we were all learning how to cope so that the
 the comparison year on year is the most stark. H2 to H2 is more difficult to predict because
 and H2, not only had we started to all understand how we were going to live with this for this
 period.
 but also governments were funding quite a lot of that cost. In H2 this year, we don't
 know exactly what the risk is and we don't know exactly how much governments will fund,
 which is why you create an uncertainty when you try and compare the two.
 Yeah, so just to remind you and everyone else, I think there are three components of the COVID impact.
 There's the revenue impact from activity levels, so if something's shut or curtailed or slowed down, that drops to profit.
 But secondly, are the extra costs of keeping activities and sites open,
 whether they be testing or cleaning or equipment or what have you, inefficiency, et cetera.
 or so costs incurred to keep sites open.
 And thirdly is the recovery of those costs, which, as we've said, historically in the early stages and until recently, obviously, through the first half, largely but not entirely were recoverable.
 So all of those three things are what we need to think about going forward.
 So when we said at the full year, we didn't expect a material boost in profits because of COVID,
 Obviously, we can't predict the revenue, the activity levels.
 So that's down to local countries, conditions and new variants and what have you.
 The costs, we kind of know how to keep these places open,
 but the recovery of costs is obviously not within our control.
 So, and over time, will governments around the world expect companies to pick those up more than they probably do?
 possibly
 So they're the three things we think about.
 It's Kian Martin from Jefferies Morning.
 Could I first of all ask a few questions on the nuclear infrastructure, Spencer?
 Thanks for detailing the amount in the first half.
 it's quite lumpy
 and obviously when we're trying to forecast that division,
 it's quite an important swing factor.
 Is it right, given some of your interactions with suppliers in Devonport
 over the last sort of few months
 where you've basically been, I think, looking for
 indications of people for the work
 that that revenue number may build up.
 So I think it's Doc 10 and some of the other docs basically start to,
 the work starts to ramp up that that 60 million potentially gets bigger.
 during the second half of the year it probably will be that level or it could be higher depending
 on how things go. So you're right, it is a bit of a bubble on top of the rest of the
 business which is why I called out the 60 million in the first half and of course that is higher
 than it was this time last year.
 And there is quite a lot planned.
 And there are limitations in all the sites about how much work can actually, physical,
 people, how many people can you get onto a site, how much material can you get onto a
 site.
 there are physical limitations in terms of how much civils we can actually do.
 Does that suggest, therefore, that Fiscal 23 may be flat?
 I think it's too early to say at the moment.
 And then secondly, can you just provide us with an update on recent trading in South Africa
 where obviously the COVID wave may have impacted your business again.
 So, to date, South Africa has been open and going well.
 And it has been open, well, since I've been here, 12 months.
 So it was particularly acute in the first half of last year, the shutdowns, etc.
 So open and going well.
 Thank you.
 I appreciate it. You don't disclose it.
 it sort of feels with the additional bid activity cost that's going in and just
 it's sort of the underlying sort of activity in the business that you know actually your growth
 opportunity sets is expanding. I'm just wondering if you can help us think about
 that would scale it in some way?
 does it feel like the opportunity is bigger than probably you thought 12 to 18 months ago so i would
 say that the opportunity is clearer whether it's bigger or not I kind of
 was one of the reasons I took this job was because I just kind of had this feeling it
 was big. I think the opportunity is clearer. The nature of our business is you could end
 up with six silver medals and no business or two golds and lots of business and as we
 We saw recently on the Greek decision to abandon their procurement and buy three French frigates.
 There's a lot of geopolitical stuff in being a major prime contractor, some of which falls
 in your favour and some of it falls against you.
 The line is clearer, and now we need to make sure we win some gold medals.
 needles.
 morning Chris Bambury Peelhunt could you please elaborate on some of the current
 opportunities in the pipeline across the four divisions please and secondly could you give us
 the comparator numbers for the pass-through and low margin revenues in the first half of last year.
 Thanks.
 So in Marine, within the UK, the FSS program remains an opportunity, however it finally
 plays out because I just think there's so much work to do on that that most major
 GRs will do something.
 in
 international
 We're in a number of competitions. We've proved in Indonesia we can win, which is good.
 We now have to prove that isn't a one-off, but there are significant opportunities.
 and we've won the three programs that I put up all recently.
 so we're definitely very competitive in that world.
 We probably at the moment need to make sure we don't over-trade and deliver what we've got.
 in civil nuclear.
 We keep calling the bottom and then it goes down, so I'm always really nervous in civil
 nuclear, but one would have thought that with New Build at Hinkley, with the SMR work that
 is being planned in the U.K. and outside with the decommissioning work that needs to be
 done that
 we ought to have found the bottom soon
 so I can always do a big strategic overlay
 on civil nuclear and then I look at the numbers
 and there seems to be this disconnect, but we are very well positioned as the UK's only
 nationally-owned civil nuclear contractor to take advantage of that in the UK and then
 outside in places like Canada.
 in naval nuclear
 Obviously, it's very, very early days in the G2G discussions on AUKUS, the Australian
 nuclear submarine program, but you'd like to believe we have a role to play there.
 In aviation, we've proved in Mentor that we can do pilot training outside the UK, and clearly the FACT program there in Canada is, which we've talked about before, is a major opportunity, very digital.
 and then finally in land
 And I would say we're in more of a reset mode, but there are opportunities in life after
 DSG and
 and the broader support environment.
 environment.
 So, and that kind of puts aside the kind of incremental stuff that you get in the underlying
 support business.
 I think that's my,
 Have you got anything you want to add on growth?
 or do you want to do pass-through?
 No, I'll do pass-through because it's quite easy.
 It's very similar. So the past three levels, which are particularly in land, are pretty flat and have been pretty flat, both last year, first half and full year, and first half this year.
 Sash Tusa from Agency Partners. Just a quick question about Ukraine. Could you just clarify, is your relationship direct with the government of Ukraine? Because clearly there's some risk as to whether that actually is there to be a client in the medium term.
 Or is your relationship through a government-to-government relationship,
 where the UK government effectively covers
 at least some of your downside risk?
 so
 At the risk of crossing a confidentiality line, the programme is funded by UK Export Finance, so...
 The financial relationship is essentially with the UK government.
 the operational relationship is with the Ukrainian government.
 Do we have any online?
 You can now move to the line.
 Are you going to read them out, or are they going to come from the heavens?
 They should come from the heavens.
 All right.
 The first question from the phone line comes from the line of Anvesh Agrawal from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning. I got a couple of questions, really.
 first on the marine margin and picking sort of your comments earlier saying that you plan
 to improve them over time.
 CLEARLY, IN THE FIRST HALF, THE RECOVERY WAS LED BY FRESHER NASH, WHICH HAS NOW BEEN DISPOSED.
 So maybe if you can comment on what are your building blocks for marine
 margin or the medium term
 that would be really great.
 And then just overall, within the strategic plan,
 what has gone well and what has not gone so well so far.
 mean overall things seems to be in track but where you would like the progress
 to be much faster.
 well I'll do the second one first
 so
 I think whenever you make a change, as you build up things like the operating model change,
 whenever you finally implement it, you always ask yourself the question
 why you didn't do it the week before.
 so I guess on the operating model stuff you always want to have done it sooner
 And I've never done a change like it when I haven't felt I wish I'd done it sooner.
 so we're online with our plan but you always want to go faster.
 but
 And I think what's gone well is the Disposals Programme.
 I think
 Um,
 I was probably nervous that we'd have the deals for the 400 million year I wasn't certain
 and we'd have the cash, so I think that's gone better. What do you think on that?
 It has, because we said we'd do it within 12 months of the full year,
 and we've signed them now
 and Fraser Nash is completed.
 Then on margins in marine building blocks, the obvious building blocks are firstly the
 operating model and their share of it, and we haven't split that out by sector but you
 You can take a guess at that.
 Secondly, we flagged there's 120 million of low or zero margin programme revenue in that sector,
 which over time there's no reason why that shouldn't be at normal margins.
 It will take time, these things don't turn in months or quickly, but there's no reason
 and why those programmes shouldn't be at a good margin.
 And then thirdly, of course, there's the normal sort of productivity and continuous improvement that we would look to do every year over time.
 Obvious blocks.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions on the phone lines, so I'll hand the call back over to your host
 MR.
 Okay.
 Thank you all for your time.
 and I'm sure we will be speaking before we stand up with the full year. Thank you.
 Thank you.