 Jim?
 Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.
 I would ask that you refer to our earnings reliefs for a complete discussion of our gap
 results and reconciliation to our adjusted results. Consistent with pass
 my remarks will focus only on our non-gap adjusted financial results.
 and growth rates and comparisons that are made
 are against the priority of quarter.
 otherwise noted. As Steve mentioned, we're very pleased with the progress we've made
 especially in several key areas, such as improving
 improving, generate compliance levels,
 re-signing key customers, like Express Scripts, and importantly,
 continuing to grow our specialty distribution
 and services businesses.
 Our continued execution has allowed us to successfully navigate
 in what has remained a challenging healthcare environment.
 We are confident that our overall strategy
 combined with that ability to consistently execute
 will enable us to drive sustainable growth.
 This morning, I will provide commentary in three main areas.
 First, I will highlight our fourth quarter,
 consolidated and segment performing.
 Next, I'll spend a few minutes on our fiscal 2017 full-year performance.
 And the third area, I will cover our fiscal 18 expectations.
 Let's begin with our Q417 results.
 We finished the quarter with adjusted to the DPS at $1.33, an increase of 2%, and inline
 As Steve highlighted, we're extremely pleased with our operations team's comprehensive preparation
 and rapid, coordinated response to the recent hurricanes.
 These efforts resulted in the safety of our associates and no major issues for our facilities.
 I should mention our revenues were slightly impacted from these events, including shipments
 from our farm medium facility in Sugar Island, Texas.
 Overall, our EPS was impacted and we estimate by about one penny.
 Our consolidated revenues were $39 billion, up 4%,
 while having one less distance to save a quarter
 compared to last year.
 We also continue to, unfortunately,
 to headwind from lower hepatitis C revenues this quarter consistent with the overall U.S.
 market trends.
 as an illustration excluding this headwind from Hep C and also adjusting for the one
 less business day, our revenue growth would have been 7%.
 Our adjusted operating income was $471 million, up $7 million, and 1.5% with our operating
 and down four phases points.
 As expected, we had a higher operating expenses in the fourth quarter.
 the expected cost associated with bringing our five new distribution centers online.
 Dampens are offering income growth.
 accounting for slightly more than one-third of the office increase.
 Moving below the operating income line.
 income taxes. Our adjusted income tax rate was 32.5% for the current quarter, up some
 from last year, unlike previous quarters this fiscal year,
 the current September quarter had an insignificant benefit
 from the accounting rule change regarding share-based
 compensation.
 I should also highlight that last year's September quarter had a favorable true-up adjustment
 for our 2016 tax expense.
 This caused a headwind in the current quarter
 to 10 basis points on the tax rate.
 In that income decrease, about 1% to $293 million,
 primarily as a result of the items I just covered,
 including the tax headwind.
 Our adjusted diluted share count decreased
 about 6.5 million shares or 3% zero over year to 221 million shares.
 In the September quarter, we repurchased about $100 million worth of shares, and we end
 $590 million remaining on our current board share. We purchased authorization
 Moving over to cash flow.
 We are extremely pleased with our Q4 pre-casual of nearly $1.3 billion, a record quarter.
 This was much better than we anticipated
 as a result of our revenue mix
 and also a heightened focus on our inventory levels and terms.
 This finishes the review of our consolidated results.
 Next, let me switch and cover our segment results.
 Before I start, let me highlight any conjunction
 effort and as highlighted in our press release this morning, we combine the
 drug company and legacy specialty operating segments into a single operating segment effective
 September 30th, 2017.
 This conference call will be the last time I'll make any reference to the specific drugs
 and specialty businesses.
 Additionally, we move two of our businesses between our reportable segments.
 One of the businesses that moved to Terracon Distribution, a high revenue business with
 low margin within our consulting group in the other segment was moved to our pharmaceutical
 distribution services segment. As a result of these changes, we have restated the segment
 prior reported period.
 These changes had an immaterial impact on segments operating results and will be fully highlighted in our 10K.
 With that, we can begin our review with pharmaceutical distribution.
 The payment revenues were $37.7 billion of 4%.
 Legacy drug company had solid revenue growth of 4%.
 Not only did this business have to laugh, lower hepatitis D revenues, as mentioned earlier,
 but the business continued to be disproportionately impacted from grand
 and our conversion by certain large customers.
 As an example, the segment lost 140 basis points
 revenue growth year-over-year from lower revenues associated with just the top three
 and has been wholly shared.
 In the past, grant inflation provided a partial revenue offset
 to conversions.
 but inflation has been less impactful this year.
 And I should point out, with certain large customers,
 upon conversion to the generic drug,
 We do not always retain the prescription volume.
 Our legacy specialty business, which primarily
 especially drugs to position practices,
 continued with market-leading revenue growth of just over 10%.
 notably the 15th consecutive quarter
 of this level of performance.
 growth was driven by increased volumes, especially in ecology, and to a lesser degree in M.S.,
 ophthalmology and plasma.
 We continue to see strong volume and revenue growth from immuno-oncology drugs due to expanded
 indications, and overall market growth.
 The payment operating comes with $399 million and essentially flat.
 Our legacy specialty group led the way with excellent growth, which was offset by the expected lower contribution from the drug company.
 Two items negatively impacted our drug company business.
 The first item, last quarter, we specifically
 would have higher effects due primarily to the go live date of five distribution centers.
 The original Goliath date for the DTs had been Spring 2017 in order to coincide with
 with the anticipated timing of the new Walgreens Great Aid
 Despite the deceleration of opening DCC, the drug company had to eventually bring the DCC online
 but therefore burdens with some incremental effects
 that has bond boarding the new business.
 Again, the second item, our farmedian business experience an increase in sequential shipping
 values in Q4, so we are pleased with their progress at increasing throughput while having
 investing class QT procedures.
 However, the business was still down
 in terms of year over year performance.
 Some of this headwind is tiding related to lower demand at Paramedium's Texas facility
 as a result of the Houston Hurricane.
 Overall, we are making progress in the pharmaceutical distribution services segment despite macro
 challenges. We continue to see growth in order line shifts, including pro-generic order lines.
 We have an efficient modernized distribution network, and we've made key technology investments.
 Most of which center around redefining the customer experience and enabling our customers
 to actively operate their businesses.
 and now move to the other segment.
 rural courier, Amerisource, Bergen Consulting, and MWI.
 that focus on global commercialization services
 and animal health.
 And the quarter total revenues were a record at just under $1.5 billion, off about 12 percent.
 All three businesses contributed meaningfully to the revenue growth.
 Royal Courier had a record number of shipments in the quarter.
 MWI has strong value in revenue growth, especially in companion animals and to a lesser degree
 From an operating income standpoint,
 This group had an operating income of $72 million of 8%.
 As a reminder, there is some seasonality in the MWI business.
 the Q4 typically being their lowest profit quarter.
 Overall, we continue to be very pleased
 with the core fundamentals of the three businesses
 and other, all remain the undisputed market leaders
 in their respective sectors.
 I'd like to now cover just a few.
 fiscal 17, four-year consolidated financial item.
 Revenue, our full year growth was 1,004%.
 and it's included the negative 130 basis point impact
 due to lower hepatitis D revenues.
 Additionally, the current fiscal year had two less business days than the prior year,
 for an unusual comparison.
 Adjusting for these two items, our overall revenue growth would have been 6.5%.
 As a note, in fiscal 18, we will say flat in terms of business dates.
 Our largest cup of waterings represented just under 30% of our total ABT revenues.
 APSG, our legacy specialty business, finished a year at $31.5 billion, with revenue, growth,
 with just over 10%.
 another upstanding year for this business.
 that operating income was almost flat for the year,
 ending about 1% down at a total of roughly $2 billion.
 are just that operating margin finished at 1.32%,
 decrease of fixed phases once.
 While navigating a tough health care environment this year, we've executed extremely well,
 especially in a priority area.
 We grew our approach at Eric's business with order lines up over 10%
 and made significant improvements
 in customer compliance rates.
 Unfortunately, this wasn't enough to fully offset gross profit headwinds and changes
 and manufacturer of pricing practices and key customer renewals carried forward from fiscal
 EPS, our full-year adjusted diluted EPS with $5.88, up 1,005% due to operational execution
 and our ability to maintain our operating income level,
 current market environment, and our ETFs benefit from a lower tax rate and reduced share count.
 The cash flow was highlighted earlier.
 We had an exceptionally strong finish,
 and this resulted in fiscal 17 free cash flow
 of just over $1 billion.
 This free cash flow number is net of the $260 million litigation payment we made at the
 of September.
 Excluding the litigation payment, our free cash flow was about 100% of our adjusted net income.
 We ended the year with roughly $2.4 billion in total cash of which $1 billion was held offshore.
 We enter fiscal 18 with great financial flexibility and a strong balance sheet.
 are adjusted death leverage as well under two times,
 and we are well positioned to continue
 to invest in our business and the opportunistic,
 if strategic opportunities present themselves.
 Now let's turn to fiscal 18 expectations.
 Before I start working through the specific guidance items,
 I will comment on three key working assumptions.
 First, let's start with brand manufactured drug pricing.
 During fiscal 17, our grant inflation finished right at 7%.
 And this includes fewer price increases and at lower rates
 in our fourth quarter.
 Based on these trends, as we think about this late-team, we have reduced our assumption
 to 6% to 7%.
 Next, generic manufacturer drug pricing.
 Current trends indicate that the generic buy-side inflation rate has not worsened, which is
 positive. Our deflation rate, which is calculated specifically for our business,
 remain stable in a high single digit percentage range.
 This elevated level presents a continued bandwidth that we need to work to offset, primarily
 through increasing volumes and over the long term,
 optimizing our margins for brands, specialty, and generic drugs.
 For fiscal 18, we are forecasting that the Jarrett-Eye-Side Conflation range will remain
 at negative 7% to negative 9%.
 And finally, the third key working assumption,
 We expect a contribution from generic program watches
 to be relatively flat year-over-year.
 We can now transition to our specific guidance metrics for fiscal 18, revenues, we expect
 consolidate the revenue growth in the 7% to 9% range.
 This growth includes the onboarding of the Walgreens,
 which will happen over an extended time period and finish near the end of our third fiscal quarter.
 From a statement standpoint, both pharmaceutical distribution services and other are expected
 to grow at the same 7% to 9% range.
 and Saturday grows profit.
 We don't provide specific guidance on gross profit,
 but to repeat previous commentary,
 our priorities continue to be one.
 row our overall pro-generic volumes.
 However, we expect that discol-18 will be at a slower pace than discol-17.
 Two, continue to force generic drugs cost-effectively.
 Three, successfully and efficiently onboard the new ready business, and four, price appropriately
 to receive fair compensation.
 As always, it's our objective that these items will help offset assumed manufacturer
 Consolidated Operating Expenses.
 As mentioned last quarter in fiscal 18, we will have a mismatch of certain operating expenses,
 such as the new GT cost and duplicate IT cost,
 before we are fully optimized
 with either additional run rate revenues
 or expected savings from technology efficiencies.
 Consequently, we expect office growth in the range of 4% to 6% since 2018.
 As always, we remain diligent in managing our OPEC and continually look for ways to streamline
 and gain efficiencies, which is an imperative and a rapidly-evolving U.S. healthcare market.
 Consolidated and adjusted operating income.
 we expect to grow operating income between 3% and 5%.
 The property margin will be down two to seven basis points,
 primarily due to mixed, meeting higher growth rates
 within our larger customers.
 Importantly, from a segment standpoint, we expect a follow-up.
 Pharmaceutical Distribution Services.
 We remain in the midst of our efforts to transition customer
 the more balanced pricing that helps offset lower contributions from generics.
 As a result, we expect the segment operating from growth to be also between 3% and 5%.
 The segment will benefit from the new Walgreens-ready business.
 However, given the anticipated onboarding schedule,
 It's likely that only the fourth fiscal quarter will have a full benefit of all the new pharmacies.
 Commercialization Services and Animal Health.
 This group is a key differentiator for ABC and will remain so going forward.
 We're projecting continued strong growth for MWI and rural courier.
 However, for fiscal 18, we do expect the group's overall growth will slow to 3% to 6%,
 due to the timing of and the expected operating expenses
 associated with our full fusion implementation.
 Fusion is our new technology system in our last consulting business.
 The nature of any consulting business, including one like Blast Consulting, is that it requires
 There's new contract wins each year to maintain the normal course of running and ultimately
 growing the business.
 But as we forecast the year, we are building in the impact
 the new platform will have on our customer capacity,
 including converting existing customers.
 we are projecting a more limited business ramp for last during this fusion transition period.
 The diffusion system is a game changer.
 It is a best-in-class patient support system that will provide a significant competitive
 advantage for lash.
 be highly valued by our manufacturer partners and also enable a better patient experience.
 And because of this, we are confident that our consulting
 business group will wrap at the end of fiscal 18 and return to its normal level of growth
 at the house.
 Moving below the operating income line.
 tax rate. Our guidance assumes a full year adjusted tax rate of about 32% to 33%.
 This is a slightly higher tax rate versus fiscal 17 due to one-time benefits from R&D tax credits that won't repeat in fiscal 18.
 A higher mix of U.S. income somewhat offset
 by continued tax initiatives.
 share, repurchase it.
 Our guidance assumes modest share buybacks.
 generally enough to offset the dilutive impact
 to employee exercises.
 As always, we will look to be thoughtful with our capital deployment, depending on our cash
 competing uses of cash and market conditions.
 Adjust the EPS.
 We expect our fiscal 18 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5.90 to $6.15.
 Let me cover our adjusted ETS poorly progression.
 We expect our second half of fiscal 18,
 EPS growth to be much better than our first half EPS growth.
 due primarily to the benefits of the gradual onboarding
 of the Watery's Wai'i Stores as previously discussed.
 Switching to our cash flow.
 This is going to be about $325 million.
 roughly 60% of this cap expense relates to key projects
 that are being carried over from fiscal 17.
 and for the most part will be completed during fiscal 18.
 The project includes the completion of two remaining distribution centers and strategic
 technology system investments like ABT order, our new customer order entry system, Fusion
 discussed and know what our new
 one of our world career business.
 free cash flow. We expect our free cash flow excluding non-returning items for fiscal 18
 to be $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion.
 Remedy growth and mix between brand and generic sales,
 each of which have distinct cash conversion metrics
 by the drivers that can move us within the range.
 closing, let me reiterate that we are actively investing in and advancing our business to
 to address the evolving health care market.
 We want to be the most important partner to our customers.
 driver of their growth.
 Our people, services, and systems are innovative and differentiate ABC, enabling us to deliver
 and importantly for our shareholders.
 We at Amerisource Bergen are proud of our accomplishments in fiscal 17 and we are looking
 forward to continuing to deliver in fiscal 18. We appreciate your interest in ABC. Now
 and there is Terry to start our Q&A.
 Hi, Eric. Good morning.
 We've been very consistent.
 target has been adjusted free cash flow, 125% of adjusted net income.
 We feel good about our target for CISLA team.
 I would say that our range maps to our target, and as you think about that range, the push
 it certainly allows for, you know, remedy growth.
 growth. I mean, at the end of the day, two key factors would be, you know, the revenue
 growth and then certainly the mix of that revenue between Brian and Jenair, both of which have
 very distinct, you know, working capital metrics.
 So those are kind of the puts and takes, but we're pleased with our target and as always,
 and we'll work to achieve it.
 Yes, thanks George for the question and good morning.
 I'm ready, I mean we in Steve's script I think he called out that we're already starting
 to ship to a few stores.
 We'll onboard.
 We'll see us pick up on that onboarding in calendar 18.
 We'll be done on boarding in spring.
 though, really, before our June quarter.
 And I think it's important.
 I called out that really the fourth quarter,
 our fourth fiscal quarter is really the first quarter that will have all the volume.
 And so again, it's helpful, it's certainly helpful, it's a part of our revenue growth.
 And I think we're really pleased with our guidance, our revenue growth to seven to nine.
 That's only you know, that's a portion of it, but if you take out you take out right aid
 really pleased that we're still growing consistently above the market, especially in our specialty business.
 This is Tim. I'm jumping in.
 for modest, you know, capital, capital deployments
 in the Sherry-Purton area.
 As we do every year, we always enter the year assuming that we will do an amount that will
 offset the dilutive impact. So our working assumption always entering the year is to make
 sure we keep our share account flat.
 and then during the year, depending on cash flow and other priorities, we'll adjust accordingly.
 See that was awesome, and I would just say and just remind our listeners and again
 Not only are we deep at the sector, we are extremely efficient at what we do for a very
 margin, taking title, and also I think we continue to invest.
 Again, we're on a little bit of the offensive here, where we continue to invest in leading
 solutions to service our customers and ultimately the patients even better.
 So, you know, it is...
 I would just say, John, I mean, the one thing we've always said this, we've done very consistent.
 There's certainly a firewall between ABC
 and a wholesaler and manufacturers in terms of pricing.
 We're notified, you know, they send us emails and PDFs
 and they adjust pricing, and that's when we learn about it.
 Hi, Dave. Good morning.
 We had a little bit of a cost in Q3, again, sequentially,
 but the DCs were not open for the entire third quarter.
 When we got to the fourth quarter, we had all five DCs,
 virtually open, the coughs don't fade as we move forward.
 That's kind of the run rate for those five new DTs entering into 18.
 But again, I think the key point there is,
 is we start to have, you know, new revenue
 and right-aid revenue also coming on.
 So there's just a better match of revenue and OPEC.
 So hopefully that answers your question.
 But, you know, when we, last time we gave our,
 Ernie's back in for Q3.
 thought that maybe our op-exon 18 would be slightly higher.
 We weren't done with our plan process.
 We commented on that on the last call.
 and businesses, we worked hard, we pressure tested, and we're really pleased with our
 for 18 or four to six.
 Yeah, thanks Glenn and welcome back.
 You know, the way to think about it, you know, we, the four to six at one point,
 Again, I kind of go back to the June quarter.
 We thought there might be some transformation effects that we might need.
 Nothing is contemplated right now. We at this point we don't think we need anything, you know, so it's not in that four to six
 But I think importantly, you know, as you think about our objects, we were not, again, four to six is high.
 I mean, we're in an evolving health care market.
 We need to do better than four to six.
 And that's our objective.
 So we're gonna see that four to six in fiscal 18
 As we move into fiscal 19, that should come down
 to what I would say should be a more normalized rate
 because we start to eliminate duplicate systems,
 and we start to gain efficiency.
 So clearly, our objective is to move into 19
 and start to realize the benefits from all that capex
 that we've had.
 Which one do you want to answer?
 No, I think Steve well said, I mean, certainly we're focused on cell side.
 We've talked about that, communicated.
 really good progress.
 We have more room to go there, but again, we just need to make sure we get fair compensation
 for each category class of drugs that we tell the customer.
 And those are ongoing discussions we're making progress.
 And Eric, I think the other part of your question...