Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for spending by and welcome to AdTran's third quarter 2020 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answers period. In order to ask a question during this period, you will need to press star then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw yourself from the queue, please press the pound key. If you require further operator assistance, please press star zero. During the course of the conference call, AdTran representatives expect to make forward-looking statements which reflect management's best judgment based on factors currently known. However, these statements involve risks and uncertainties, including the continued spread and extent of the impact of COVID-19 global pandemic, the ability of component supplies to align with customer demand, the successful development and market acceptance of our products, competition in the market for such products, the product and channel mix, component costs, manufacturing efficiencies, and other risks detailed in our annual report form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. These risks and uncertainties could cause results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements which may be made during the call. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Tom Stanton, Chief Executive Officer of AdTran. Sir, please go ahead. Thank you, Ian. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our third quarter 2020 conference call. With me today is AdTran CFO Mike Foliano. Following my opening remarks, Mike will review the quarter of our financial performance in detail, and then we'll take any questions that you may have. I'd like to begin by expressing our concern and sympathy for those affected by the ongoing global pandemic that has touched our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. The current times have changed the way we communicate, work, and learn, and I remain encouraged by our perseverance in the face of such adversity. With these challenges, it is more critical than ever to connect people, communities, and businesses with each other. The results for our third quarter demonstrated solid execution against our plan. This included broad-based demand across our customer segments, with regional and emergency service providers leading the way. We were also making great progress with Tier 1 fiber access projects that we announced earlier this year and continue to have very strong momentum on new customer acquisition across a broad base of market segments. From a top-line perspective, revenue for the quarter was $133.1 million, with 44.3% gross margins. Network solutions accounted for 87% of the revenue at $115.2 million, while global services contributed $17.9 million. During the quarter, we had one 10% service provider customer and one 10% distribution partner, along with strong contributions from both our direct and distribution channel partners that serve the regional broadband service provider market. We added 38 new service provider customers during the quarter, bringing the total to 99 for the first three quarters of 2020. These new customers range from global Tier 1 operators to electric cooperatives, municipalities, cable MSO, and regional broadband providers. The new customer attraction remains positive, reinforcing our belief that we are in the early stages of a generational communications infrastructure network upgrade cycle driven by a confluence of favorable government, regulatory, technology, and competitive factors. The strength we saw during the quarter was fueled by our continued momentum with regional broadband operators who were up 60% year over year and 33% quarter over quarter. We were also helped with a solid performance for our U.S. Tier 2 customers who were up 18% year over year as they started to emerge from restructuring and are again investing in their network expansions. In Europe, our revenue from emerging alt-net providers was up 76% year over year and 20% quarter over quarter, highlighting our growth in that region. For the third quarter, our fiber access and aggregation business grew 34% over the previous period and increased 66% on a year-over-year basis. This continues to be our top sales category. Within fiber access, our PON OLT revenue grew 31% quarter over quarter and a strong 77% year over year, which we believe is significantly outpacing the growth in the general market and will continue to step up our market share position in this key segment. We also saw strong revenue contribution from our U.S. regional broadband service providers, growing 37% over the previous period and 58% over the previous year, with broad-based growth across both direct and distribution channels. From a supply chain perspective, lead times remained extended on some key components and vendors, but our operations team took several proactive steps to mitigate logistics and component availability challenges to meet our customers' needs. In our efforts to address these needs, we have increased our inventory levels and incurred increased freight costs due to decreased capacity associated with higher transportation rates and expedited fees. From an organizational perspective, the structural changes that we have implemented over the last 12 months continue to improve our operational efficiency. The company has achieved material reductions in operating expenses through control and expense management, and we are ahead of our plan for the target operating model moving forward. On the product side, we are focusing on growing our wallet share with our service provider customers. In addition to selling fiber-active OLT, we are growing our residential gateway business. Our residential gateway revenue grew 22% quarter over quarter and a strong 64% year over year as we increased the number of OLT customers also buying our RGs by 17% year to date. In addition to RG attach rates, we have also focused on increasing attach rates for our Mosaic software subscription services as we migrate customers to our Mosaic suite and our upcoming Mosaic 1 virtual control center. On October 29, the FCC began its 904 auctions for $16 billion of RDOF broadband subsidies. There are 386 qualified bidders that represent over 700 operators. Whereas the Connect America Fund was targeted to the large price cap carriers providing a first run of Hughes, the RDOF subsidies provide an opportunity for rural local exchange carriers and community broadband providers such as rural electric co-ops to receive 10 years of funding. We expect to see RDOF funding begin to positively impact our revenue beginning in the mid-2021 timeframe. In Europe and around the world, the strategic importance of 5G and fiber broadband infrastructure is causing governments to carefully reconsider the security risks of their networks and implementation policies and are implementing policies to ban high-risk vendors from participating in these network builds. As a result, AdTran stands out as a safe, technically advanced alternative to those high-risk vendors as national operators look to limit, cap, or replace high-risk vendors in their network. 2020 has brought forth a number of challenges that none of us could have envisioned. However, we have risen to these challenges and are emerging as an even stronger and more resilient company. We have achieved much thus far in 2020 with the material benefits just beginning to bear fruit and as we start to begin to be more fully recognized next year. We have much to be excited about, including the growing number of new customers selecting our products and services to build out or upgrade their networks with rapid adoption of our Mosaic platform and subscription services and our SDX solutions as tier one operators begin their transition to the network of the future and the promise of RDOF awards and being able to help regional service providers, utilities, and municipalities provide gigabit services to the communities that they serve. I am proud of our company and our employees for the success we have seen thus far this year. We look forward to a strong finish to 2020 and have a bright outlook as we look ahead into 2021. Mike will now provide an overview of our financials and following his remarks, I will open up to any questions that you may have. Thank you, Tom, and good morning to all. I will review our third quarter results and provide our views for the fourth quarter of 2020. During my report, I will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP results. With respect to non-GAAP financial measures that are discussed on this call but are not presented in our earnings release, reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures are published in a supplemental financial schedule that appears on our Investor Relations webpage at www.adtran.com. For non-GAAP measures discussed on this call that are presented in the earnings release, reconciliations are contained within the release. The supplemental financial schedules on our webpage also present certain revenue information by segment and category and other non-GAAP reconciliations, which I will be discussing today. As Tom said, AdTran's third quarter revenue came in at $133.1 million compared to $128.7 million in the prior quarter and $114.1 million for the third quarter of 2019. Breaking this down across our operating segments, our network solutions revenue for the third quarter was $115.2 million versus $111.3 million reported for Q2 of 2020 and $94 million in Q3 of 2019. Our services and support revenue in Q3 of this year was $17.9 million compared to $17.4 million reported in the second quarter of 2020 and $20.1 million for the third quarter of 2019. Across our revenue categories, access and aggregation revenue for quarter three of 2020 was $85.4 million compared to $86.

million in the prior quarter and $65.1 million in quarter three of 2019. Revenue for our subscriber solutions and experience category was $43.1 million for the quarter versus $40.4 million in quarter two of 2020 and $42.5 million in quarter three of 2019. Traditional and other products revenue for the quarter was $4.6 million compared to $5.5 million for quarter two of 2020 and $6.5 million for quarter three of 2019. Looking at our revenues geographically, domestic revenue for Q3 2020 was $92.8 million versus $84.5 million reported in quarter two of 2020 and $83.1 million in quarter three of 2019. Our international revenue for the quarter was $40.3 million compared to $44.3 million for quarter two of 2020 and $30.9 million in quarter three of 2019. For the third quarter we had two 10% of revenue customers. Both of these were domestic customers. Our GAAP gross margin for the third quarter of this year was 44.3% as compared to 41.5% last quarter and 40.6% in the third quarter of 2019. Non-GAAP gross margin for quarter three was 44.5% as compared to 41.6% in the prior quarter and 41% in the third quarter of 2019. The quarter over quarter increase in both GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were driven by increases in volume as well as favorable product and services mixed and lower freight related charges in the current quarter. The increases in both GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins on a year over year basis were driven by increases in volume as well as product mix which were partially offset by higher freight related charges and expedite premiums. Total operating expenses on a GAAP basis were $54.4 million for quarter three of 2020 compared to $59.5 million reported in the prior quarter and $62.7 million for quarter three of 2019. The quarter over quarter decrease was primarily related to market driven decreases in our deferred compensation expense as well as expense reductions in both R&D and SG&A as a result of our restructuring program initiated in 2019 and reduced travel expenses offset by increases in some restructuring related costs. The year over year decreases in operating expenses were a result of lower expenses in both R&D and SG&A and lower travel related expenses partially offset by market driven increases in our deferred compensation expense and an increase in contract services costs. On a non-GAAP basis our third quarter operating expenses were $49.4 million compared to $52.3 million in the prior quarter and $59.4 million in quarter three of 2019. Both the non-GAAP quarter over quarter and year over year decreases in operating expense were primarily driven as a result of our expense reduction efforts and lower travel related expenses. Operating income on a GAAP basis for the third quarter of 2020 was $4.5 million compared to an operating loss of $6 million in the prior quarter and an operating loss of $20.3 million reported in Q3 of 2019. Non-GAAP operating income for quarter three of 2020 was $9.9 million compared to an operating income of $1.3 million in Q2 of 2020 and an operating loss of $12.6 million in quarter three of 2019. The quarter over quarter and year over year GAAP and non-GAAP profitability was driven by higher sales with favorable gross margin mix and reduced operating expenses. Other income on a GAAP basis for the third quarter of 2020 was $1.5 million compared to other income of $8.4 million in the prior quarter and other income of $1.9 million in quarter three of 2019. Our non-GAAP other income for the quarter was $900,000 compared to other income of $5.7 million in Q2 2020 and other income of $2.7 million for quarter three of 2019. The decreases in both GAAP and non-GAAP other income as compared to quarter over quarter were primarily market driven, caused by changes in the valuation of our investment portfolio. The decrease in GAAP and non-GAAP other income on a year over year basis was primarily driven by realized foreign exchange losses offset by market driven upsides in the valuation of our investment portfolio. The company's tax provision for the third quarter of 2020 was $600,000 of expense as compared to an expense of $1.6 million in the prior quarter and an expense of $27.7 million in the third quarter of 2019. The current quarter tax expense was primarily due to profitability in our international operations as the deferred tax benefits generated by our domestic operations continued to be offset by changes in our valuation allowance. The tax expense in the third quarter of last year was the result of a valuation allowance against our domestic deferred tax assets. GAAP net income for quarter three of 2020 was $5.5 million compared to a net income of $800,000 in the prior quarter and a net loss of $46.1 million in the third quarter of 2019. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter of 2020 was $7.9 million as compared to an income of $1.6 million in the prior quarter and a loss of $2.8 million in quarter three of 2019. Earnings per share assuming dilution on a GAAP basis was $0.11 per share as compared to $0.02 per share last quarter and a loss of $0.96 per share in the third quarter of 2019. Non-GAAP earnings per share assuming dilution for the third quarter was $0.16 compared to an income of $0.04 per share in the prior quarter and a loss of $0.06 per share in quarter three of 2019. Turning to the balance sheet, unrestricted cash and marketable securities totaled $132.2 million at quarter end after paying $4.3 million in dividends during the quarter. For the quarter we used $7 million of cash from operations. Net trade accounts receivable was $100.2 million at quarter end resulting in a DSO of 69 days compared to 67 days in the prior quarter and 73 days at the end of the third quarter of 2019. The variability in DSOs quarter over quarter and year over year is mainly attributable to the timing of shipments during the quarter and customer mix. Net inventories ended the quarter at $120.3 million compared to $106.1 million in Q2 of 2020 and $104.9 million at the end of Q3 2019. The increase in our inventories for the quarter that just ended was in preparation for new product ramp up and strategic inventory buffer purchases made to ensure supply continuity during the pandemic. We believe that we are positioned to maintain adequate liquidity in the current environment. Looking ahead to the next quarter, the possible effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the ability of component supplies to align with our customer demand, the book and ship nature of our business, the timing of revenue associated with large projects, the variability of order patterns into the customer base in which we sell, as well as the fluctuation in currency exchange rates in our international markets may cause material differences between our expectations and the actual results. We expect that our fourth quarter 2020 revenue will be in the range of $122 million to $132 million. After considering the projected sales mix, we expect that our

fourth quarter gross margin on a non-GAAP basis will be in the range of 41% to 42%. We also expect non-GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2020 will be between $50 and $51 million. And finally, we anticipate the consolidated tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2020 on a non-GAAP basis will be a benefit at a mid-single-digit percentage rate resulting from the expected mix of domestic and international income in the quarter. We believe that the significant factors impacting revenue and earnings realized in 2020 will be component availability, a macro spending environment for carriers and enterprises, ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the variability of nixen revenue associated with project rollouts, the proportion of international revenue relative to our total revenue, professional services activity levels in both domestic and international markets, the adoption rate of our broadband access platforms, potential changes in tax laws, currency exchange rate movements, and inventory fluctuations in our distribution channels. Once again, additional financial information is available at AdTran's Investor Relations webpage at www.adtran.com. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tom. Great. Thank you, Mike. And at this point, we're ready to open up for any questions people may have. At this time, if you'd like to ask a question over the phone lines, please press star then 1 on your telephone keypad. We will pause for a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Your line is open. Thank you. Good morning. Tom, you mentioned that you, it sounded like you mentioned you got a new Tier 1 in Q3 when you talked about your new customers. Just want to be clear, is that the case? And if it is, can you say anything about that, that win? I did actually say that in my notes. In reality, we did announce a new Tier 1 at the end of September, which was for fiber extension. And we did pick up another Tier 1 customer within the quarter where they expanded their programs with us to include a different variation on the technology that we had been previously awarded. So we're has them, but I didn't mention any of my notes. Got it, Ed. And then I think you also mentioned that you'd made good progress with your previously announced Tier 1s. And I guess, you know, those would include, among others, DT, OpenReach, maybe, and the unnamed U.S. Tier 1. Is there any updates you can give us on those in terms of progress and or, you know, revenue expectations, initial revenue expectations? Yeah, so one of those is a brand new customer for us, as you're aware. And all three of them are going well. All three of them are at different stages of lab work. We actually have received some POs from the new customer, but that's associated with, you know, initial, say, initial lab work and, you know, kind of some of the software work that we're doing for them. So that actually booked and shipped in the quarter. But all three of them are going well. So we expect material revenue contributions from them to really start in the first half, towards the tail end of the first half of next year. Got it. And then question on RDOF. You've talked about it being kind of a mid-21 revenue opportunity. I think some of your competitors have suggested maybe it's more of a 2022. Any further clarification on your thoughts on timing? Is it sort of a 3Q21 or 4Q? Any thoughts on that? Yeah. Yeah. And I guess here again, this is the difference. You know, when does it – it's one of those things that's going to start. It will start slower. You know, you have so many participants. Some of them have plans completely worked out, and some of them don't have plans at all. They've been just focusing on the bidding process. So I think you'll start seeing it around the half, and then you'll start seeing it ramp up from there. Got it. That's one more, Mike, modeling question on OPEX levels. If we're looking into next year, and I know you don't give guidance out there, but if we're trying to think about what an OPEX number looks like with kind of a normalized P&E level, any thoughts on how much that maybe adds back into the model as P&E gets back to, you know, some kind of normalized level? We expect, you know, we've had a plan to get to about where we are right now, and we expect that we're going to hold that into next year. So I wouldn't try to model any increases. I think like a lot of companies, everybody's rethinking the whole P&E going forward. So I think your model going into next year should look a lot like what we're seeing at the end of this year. Very good. Thank you for that, Mike. I'll cede the floor. Thank you. Your next question comes from Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Bob out of Yahoo! This is a stock off. Could you give us color on what you're seeing in terms of broadband demand and activity here in the U.S. and maybe try to handicap that across the Tier 1, Tier 3, and also how you're thinking about the sustainability of the momentum into next year? First of all, a lot of activity, and I touched on the growth rates in the Tier 3 space, a lot of activity in the Tier 3s, which is just separate from what's going on with RDOF. So a lot of network upgrades. We rolled out our combo card, which is the 10 gig solution, a good pickup on the combo card. And so just a lot of activity, and I think a lot of it has got to do with just end-user demand based off of the environment that we're in, people understanding the importance of good connectivity. Same thing in the Tier 2s. I think the Tier 2s are finally getting past whatever financial issues they may have had, and some of them have started executing. One of them explicitly has started executing on expansion plans, and I don't see that stopping. And I think the other one actually has kind of woken up and getting better, and that includes not just those but some of the MSOs as well. So I don't see a near-term end. In fact, I see people planning farther out and kind of figuring out how they're going to readjust to what may be a different work environment in a lot of areas than what they had going into this pandemic. And I don't think it's all pandemic-driven either. I mean, the activity that's going on in the Tier 2s has been part of their stated plan. It just got put off. The Tier 3s have been heating up for some period of time, even prior to that. I mean, we had solid growth in that space last year as well. And then the Tier 1s, you know, we really in the U.S., we're in the cable MSO space, and we're with large carriers, and with one of the large carriers here in the telco space in relation to PON. And I would say the activity there is, I would say we've seen good activity. I wouldn't call it, you know, earth-shattering. I would say it's solid. And there's a lot of that work is really trying to figure out what they're going to do into next year. So I think a lot of that is just, I think the real pickup there will probably be a year, you know, this time next year or maybe a little bit earlier than that. Does that answer your question? It does. It does. Excellent. Just a quick call up on the gross margin. As you mentioned, the volume and product mix. Maybe could you expand on it? So we could be like what volumes you're talking about? So it's product mix. I mean, at the end of the day, we're selling, without getting too deep into it, we're selling PON. You know, one of the things, if you step back and look at what our business has done, we've really made the transition from copper to fiber. And some of the fiber components that we're selling, specifically when you're talking about OLPs and stuff, just have a richer mix. We also have, based off of international and domestic revenue mix, we have, you know, a material difference in those gross margin profiles. Those are probably the two biggest things that we're driving in gross margin difference. Makes sense. Thank you. Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Silverstein of Callen. Your line is open. Tom, just a clarification first before my question. So the response to the previous question, obviously, or I trust non-U.S. is lower margin than the U.S. as a general proposition. But on the product piece of the revenue, I apologize if you just said this, the margin differential, it's more favorable for your fiber base or less favorable? Is that the distinction you're making in terms of the product mix influencing the gross margin profile and what is the key difference there? I would say what's happening in the fiber space is we're selling the mix towards OLPs is much higher. Got it. So people hitting the transit. Exactly. Right. Got it. So that's the key driver in the product mix. That's probably, you know, I don't have them listed, but that's definitely in the top three. All right.

We have a really solid relationship. Mike, the question I ask you every quarter in terms of long-term margin profile, you obviously just had a very good margin quarter driven by both volume and the shift to LTs. You're guiding back to your traditional guidance in the low 40s for the December quarter. Has there been any change in your view about long-term? Are you still looking at a low 40s gross margin profile longer term with the benefit of volume, with shift to LTs? Can that be better than that? And then I've got one follow-up question. Yeah, I think I always say low to mid, so somewhere right in that range. And you see variability in here. Remember, in Q1, we were pretty hot also. So it jumps around a lot. So I try to project this by looking at what we see. But we are a booking ship business, and what comes in during a quarter is a little bit hard to test. But I believe that that 41 to 42 guidance is probably what the mix will turn out to be for the quarters. I think the variability also is a thing that maybe think about, Paul. And we don't know exactly what Tier 3s will do next year. If Tier 3s are strong, that typically helps us because not just the nature of what they buy, but also the software components associated with that. So that tends to drive more strength. The thing that we're trying to factor in at this point and not changing the longer-term guidance is there is a real potential for material international revenue upticking next year. And whether or not the Tier 3s here in the U.S. are going to keep pace with that is kind of the thing that we just have to look and see. There's no doubt that the pressure, some of the pressure has been alleviated in places like Europe because of the stance on some of the vendors there. But there's still a hangover effect on all of that. And the stronger that that business is, you'll tend to see a weakness in the gross margin. So, Tom, the stimulus just made it sound like you made good progress in Tier 3. What percentage of total revenue are Tier 3 today? We really don't break that out. I'll tell you it's material. It's over 50 million. But we don't break that out. One quick final question, by the way. I know it's hard predicting the future, but assuming you get the revenues you're expecting from these new Tier 1 wins, Mike, do you have any visibility as to what the margin profile in total, not asking any specific customer, but on the Tier 1s, would that be consistent with the current margin structure? Would it be diluted? Would it be accretive? Any sense? I'm going to talk to you about international gross margins. It would probably be a little accretive to international gross margins, but it would be diluted to total corporate gross margins. All right, I appreciate it, Pasmuth. Thank you. All right, and that's the mix I'm talking about. How much does that pile in? That gets better over time. How much does that pile in versus what's going on with the U.S. market in Tier 3? Thank you, Kim. All right. Your next question comes from the line of Bill Gazella of Titan Capital. Your line is open. Thank you. A couple of different questions. First of all, the two Tier 1s, the one that you won and the one with the new program that you specifically called out, would you talk about the ramp and the timing for material revenues, and is that different than your comment about late in the first half of next year that you made to a bigger comment? And then the second question is can you talk to us about the European country shutdowns that are happening once again here in the last few days and what implications, if any, that has for you? Sure. Let me start with the first one, of course, and it's the first half ramp that I was talking about was really around the previous SDX awards, the three customers that we've talked about. And really I'm talking about in totality. There are some different dates on all of those, but we'll start seeing as a combination, we'll start seeing material revenue around the half of next year. As far as the new ones, one of them will be fairly quick, but as far as seeing any revenue, I think it's – I don't have a good sense of timing as to when that picks up at this point. I think that they want to get started, and they have some very targeted areas, and then they want to kind of see how it works. The other one is very specific, and Mike, I don't recall the date on that. I think it's third quarter of next year. Yes. And that one is big. It's a well-known customer to us. They have very specific plans with very specific revenue targets associated with it. The current date is third quarter of next year. I will tell you that these things tend to slip a little bit. What I was talking about before was really the fiber piece. As far as the shutdowns are concerned, other than it really hasn't – we've been operating in a relatively shut down environment anyways from an end-user demand, really no difference. And we haven't seen any near-term changes in the way that they're operating. Where it really affects us is when you're trying to meet with customers and really, you know, with the lab activity we have going on around the world right now, it tends to impact that. So far we've been able to maneuver around that. I'm not aware of any material delay because of the quarantine situation that we're in, and I don't expect it. I think especially our bigger customers, even our smaller customers now, I think about going on in Europe, have kind of developed an environment where we can talk to their counterparts in the lab, work through issues, in many cases get into the systems themselves remotely and operate the way we need to operate. So every once in a while you hear about a week delay here or there, but that's not that frequent. And the deployment is not impacted by stay-at-home orders? Yeah, no change in that. And even in Europe what we were seeing as far as infrastructure in, especially with the new awards, we're talking about really material infrastructure builds to begin with because we're really talking about building out footprints, either replacing existing infrastructure that they have or expanding footprints in many cases. There's been no change in those plans. Great, thank you. And if I may throw in one more question, Latin America, what are you seeing with your important customers down there? So in the Caribbean we're actually doing well. We have some strong – I don't want to overplay it at this point. We have some activity going on in places like Brazil where they're also, of course, honestly, as you know, the SDX, maybe you know the SDX, is kind of the architecture people want to go to. And so there are large carriers. There's not a large carrier that isn't looking at a migration towards XGS, 10 gig. And if you're going to do that, you're going to do that with a virtualized system like the SDX. So there is activity going on there. Those tend to be longer term. We do have one traditional customer down there. There are still ongoing negotiations with that customer, but there's no material change at this point. Great. Thank you for the time. Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Bahad Najjar of MTM Partners. Your line is open. Hello. Sorry, I was on mute. I apologize if you've already addressed this, but are you seeing any significant pull-in of orders from your customers? No, no. We did at the beginning of the pandemic, so if you think about kind of the end of Q1, we saw a material increase in order activity. I think at this point in time I would say that the order rate is reflecting what their demand is. I don't see any real – we do on particular parts. I've talked a little bit about the fact that we're still having some supply issues, most predominantly with silicon. But in those cases, we may really try to nail down a forecast with them and try to get them to reach farther out, but that's really not the norm. Okay, that's helpful. If I look forward to next year with all these Tier 1s ramping, how should we be thinking about your customer concentration? Is most of the – Good, really good question. Yeah, so we are adding Tier 1 customers as well. So the good news is that there will be more Tier 1s to kind of spread the fluctuations around within. But having said that, we're also adding more Tier 1s, so you've got that issue. We are adding Tier 3s, and I use Tier 3s, we're really talking about alternate carriers of all different types. We're adding municipalities on a very fast clip. I mean, we usually have an internal announcement here or something that goes out, and we have a weekly update here, and there's always a municipality that's being added. And we're adding Tier 3s to traditional Tier 3 carriers at a very quick clip. I think I mentioned before, there's 30-something-odd customers. A large percent of those were

these alternate-type carriers. So from that perspective, and by the way, I mentioned we had a distribution partner, it was actually a 10% customer. That is not typical. I do believe that that will be typical going forward, and those are all being sold. Those are one of our conduits to that alternate carrier, that municipal space, tier three space, and utilities. So that base is growing. Now, when we get into this time next year, it'll still be kind of early in the cycle of some of these wins, but we get into this time next year, it's really how are those tier ones comparing to the growth rate within the tier threes. I have no doubt we'll be more diverse, but we're adding tier ones at a nice clip as well. But we will have more customers, which will help in that diversity. And then one other thing I just want to add, I mentioned before, the tax rates on our CPE gear and our RGs and some of our new Wi-Fi solutions is really growing well, which will help add in that product diversity as well. It is something that I focused on. That's really helpful. Thanks for the call around that. You know, I think one last question for me is more topical and a big picture view. I think AT&T recently announced that they're going to stop selling their copper-based DSL service. It seems like the secular shift towards fiber is ongoing, and we saw the major tier ones around the world migrating towards fiber. Can you talk a little bit about your competitive positioning in the fiber? Is it similar to copper that you enjoyed previously, or is it actually better? I'd love to talk about that. One of the hangovers that we had found, we've had a couple of programs, really one big program that was copper-based that died and then, which caused us an issue. But really, it was the longevity of the copper and the R&D requirements associated with that copper versus the fiber. And I think this is the first quarter, depending on how you count it, where you're really seeing fiber eclipse copper within our revenue. And so to us, that's a big milestone. And it really, because there's a lot of work to make that happen. So I'm happy with the shift within the company. And if you look at the R&D spend, the R&D spend is predominantly fiber-based and has been for some time. So I'm glad to be able to see the revenue kind of mimic what it is that we've been doing internally here. Competitively, right now, we're in a very good position. We have launched new flexibility and new capabilities in our Total Access 5000 platform product, which has been in the market for a long period of time. We've upgraded the switching capability, and we're the only, well, I shouldn't say the only one. I've heard other people are working on one, but we are shipping a combo card, which is the XTX, 10 gig, and standard 2.5 gig within the same card profile, which is unique in that customer base and getting a lot of traction because people don't want to have to go out and replace infrastructure they don't have to. When I talk about the STX, there's nothing else out there. Completely disaggregated. It is the next-generation system that people have been talking about for five or six years. It's actually now out in the market. We've actually shifted to paying customers. It is what has been selected by pretty much every tier one that we have won in relation to PON, and we think there's nothing else that will touch it right now. There are people that are reacting to it, but we think we have a good headway in the R&D that we've put into it. That's good. We appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Savo of Northland Capital Management. Your line is open. Good morning. Got to a lot of my questions on that last one there, but I will say that actually Nokia made the same comment this quarter with regard to... I can believe it. That's what I was talking about. Five were equipping copper in their access business. So that would seem to be... Well, what comment were you talking about? I was talking about the STX. I was talking about what they were doing, talking about their disaggregated solution. Okay. I see. A little competitive intensity there, but that does suggest there's an industry-wide trend toward copper going on. And so thanks for clarifying that fiber was larger this quarter. I wanted to follow back up on the tier three comment. That $50 million, that's a quarterly number that you gave for the size of the tier three business? Okay. So that's interesting. That's larger than... Like I said, we don't want to give a... Okay. Yeah. And that would make it your largest segment if you look at kind of international, US tier three, tier two, and tier one by some distance, actually. And you're obviously seeing good growth there, and you had a lot of impressive growth numbers in various segments, most of which would seem to imply something on the order of kind of a, I don't know, 30% year-over-year decline among US tier ones or other parts of the business that are domestic-based. And I'm guessing that may be a function of the copper programs that you referenced. But is that about right? And what does it take to kind of... Will it take the new deal coming in to kind of stabilize and make that grow, or how you're looking at that part of your business? Yeah, first of all, I don't think it's tier ones. I think in tier twos and tier threes on a year-over-year basis, we've done good. I think the issue that we had last year was predominantly on a comp basis was predominantly Telmex. And so we had a large copper-based program going on with them that was tens of millions a quarter, and it just completely stopped. So the hole that you're talking about in the North American market is Telmex. It's not the US carrier base. And that was very much a copper-based, vectored VDSO solution that they were rolling out. I think I just answered your question, is that... Yeah, in part. And the last one for me is, you know, as you think about your potential international growth next year, you know, obviously should the tier threes continue to grow, you know, 60%, maybe they could keep up with that rate of growth. I assume for planning purposes, you know, you model some slowing in that tier three growth rate, despite, you know, R&D ramping up and some other positive drivers just to begin with. And, you know, can we assume that, you know, from an international standpoint, you expect international revenues to grow faster than domestic next year? Good, that is a really good question that I don't have an answer for you today. So the thing about the tier threes is not just, let me just say, off carriers, because it's broader than traditional tier three carriers. But the thing about these carriers is the growth rate through the year has been increasing. And I don't see a change in next year. So, you know, you're going to have two quarters of growth before these, you know, really we have one mammoth tier one in Europe that's going to start, that's going to be all incremental. And will that eclipse it? Now, there are other activities going on. There's a process going on in Australia, carriers like Orange, we announced an award with, Vodafone, all of these, Telefonica, which is, of course, not just in Europe but in Brazil. All of those have got processes that are in place or where they're coming towards a decision. But those will carry, those are really, if you think they don't get awarded until next year, they're a year away from that. So the real mammoth new incremental piece is a new customer for us that's deploying the SDX next year. And it'll just be starting around the half. So I can absolutely envision next year where the tier threes actually eclipse it on a pure growth dollar basis. But I don't know that for a fact. You know, we'll have to get into the year and really see. Arnov will start around the turn of the second half. But, you know, really for it to be material, it's going to take some time. So, you know, that will just be, I don't see that as this huge kind of wave of things coming in the second half of next year. I think it just starts and starts to ramp up from there. Yeah, these alt carriers are, you know, if they keep the momentum they have right now, then, you know, the U.S. could be stronger. Okay, so thank you very much for joining us today. I appreciate your interest and we look forward to the call next quarter. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

