 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to AdTran's third quarter 2020 earnings release conference call.
 All lines have been placed on me to prevent any background noise.
 After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answers, period.
 in order to ask the question
 And during this period, you will need to press star, then one on your telephone keypad.
 To withdraw yourself from the queue, please press the pound key.
 If you require further operator assistance, please press star zero.
 During the course of the conference call,
 ADTRAN representatives expect to make forward-looking statements which reflect management's best judgment based on factors currently known.
 However, these statements involve risks and insurgencies,
 including the continued spread and extent of the impact of COVID-19 global pandemic.
 The ability of component supplies to align with customer demand.
 the successful development and market acceptance of our products.
 Competition in the market for such products, the product and channelments, component costs,
 manufacturing efficiencies, and other risks detailed in our annual report form, 10K,
 for the year ended December 31, 2019.
 These risks and uncertainties could cause results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements,
 which may be made during the call.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Tom Stanton,
 Chief Executive Officer of that trip.
 Sir, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Ian.
 Good morning, everyone.
 We appreciate you joining us for our third quarter 2020 conference call.
 With me today is Ag Trans CFO Mike Foliano.
 Following my opening remarks, Mike will review the quarterly financial performance in detail
 and then we'll take any questions that you may have.
 I'd like to begin by expressing our concern and sympathy for those affected by the ongoing
 global pandemic that has touched our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers.
 The current times have changed
 the way we communicate, work, and learn
 and I remain encouraged by our perseverance
 in the face of such adversity.
 With these challenges, it is more critical than ever to connect people, communities,
 and businesses with each other.
 The results for our third quarter demonstrated solid execution against our plan.
 This included broad-based demand across our customer segments with regional and emergency
 service providers leading the way.
 We are also making great progress with Tier 1 fiber access projects that we announced earlier this year
 and continue to have very strong momentum on new customer acquisition
 across a broad base of market segments.
 From a top-line perspective, revenue for the quarter was $133.1 million with 44.3% gross margins.
 Network solutions accounted for 87% of the revenue at 115.2,
 while global services contributed $17.9 million.
 During the quarter, we had one 10% service provider customer and one 10% distribution
 partner, along with strong contributions from both our direct and distribution channel partners
 That's sort of the regional broadband service provider market.
 We added 38 new service provider customers during the quarter,
 bringing the total to 99 for the first three quarters of 2020.
 These new customers range from global Tier 1 operators to electric co-ops,
 cooperatives, municipalities, cable MSO, and regional broadband providers.
 The new customer traction remains positive,
 We are reinforcing our belief that we are in the early stages of a generational communications
 infrastructure network upgrade cycle
 driven by a confluence of favorable government, regulatory, technology, and competitive factors.
 The strength we saw during the quarter was fueled by our continued momentum
 with regional broadband operators who were up 60% year-over-year
 and 33% quarter over quarter.
 We were also helped with a solid performance for our U.S. Tier 2 customers, who were up
 18% year-over-year as they started to emerge from restructuring and are again investing
 in their network expansions.
 In Europe, our revenue from emerging alt-net providers was up 76% year-over-year and 20%
 quarter over quarter, and
 highlighting our growth in that region.
 For the third quarter, our fiber access and aggregation business
 which was 34% over the previous period
 increased 60% to 6% on a year-over-year basis.
 This continues to be our top sales category.
 Within Fiber Access, our PON LLT revenue grew 31% quarter over quarter
 and a strong 77% year-over-year,
 which we believe is significantly outpacing the growth
 in the general market and will continue to step up our market share position in this key segment.
 We also saw strong revenue contribution from our U.S. Regional Broadband Service Providers,
 going 37% over the previous period,
 and 58% over the previous year.
 with a broad-based growth across both direct and distribution channels.
 from a supply chain perspective
 of lead times remained extended on some key components
 and vendors, but our operations team took several proactive steps to mitigate logistics
 and component availability challenges to meet our customers' needs.
 In our efforts to address these needs, we have increased our inventory levels and incurred
 increased freight costs due to decreased capacity
 associated with higher transportation rates
 and expedited fees.
 from an organizational perspective
 the structural changes that we have implemented
 over the last 12 months continue to improve
 our operational efficiency.
 The company has achieved material reductions in operating expenses through control and
 expense management, and we are ahead of our plan for the target operating model moving
 forward.
 On the product side, we are focusing on growing our wallet share with our service provider customers
 in addition to selling fiber-active OOPs.
 We are growing our residential gateway business.
 Her residential gateway revenue grew 22% quarter over quarter
 and a strong 64% year-over-year as we increase the number of OOT customers
 also buying our RGs by 17% year-to-date.
 In addition to RG attach rates, we have also focused on increasing attach rates
 for Mosaic Software Subscription Services
 as we migrate customers to our Mosaic Suite
 in our upcoming Mosaic One Virtual Control Center.
 on October 29th
 the SDC began
 this 904 auctions
 for $16 billion of RDOF broadband subsidies.
 There are 386 qualified bidders that represent over 700 operators.
 whereas the Connect American Fund was targeted to the large price cap carriers
 providing a first-right refusal.
 So the RDoS subsidies provide an opportunity to rule,
 Look with exchange carriers and community broadband providers,
 such as rural electric co-ops
 to receive 10 years of funding.
 We expect to see RDOT funding to begin to positively impact our revenue beginning in
 in the mid-2021 timeframe.
 in Europe and around the world
 the strategic
 components of 5G and fiber broadband infrastructure
 is causing governments to carefully reconsider the security risks of their networks
 and implementation policies and are implementing policies to ban high-risk vendors for participating
 IN THESE NETWORK BUILDS.
 As a result, AdTrans stands out as a safe, technically advanced alternative to those high-risk vendors
 as national operators look to limit, cap, or replace high-risk vendors in their network.
 2020 has brought forth a number of challenges that none of us could have envisioned.
 however we have
 risen to these challenges and are emerging
 as an even stronger and more resilient
 company.
 We have achieved much thus far in 2020 with the material benefits just beginning to bear fruit
 and as they start to begin
 to be more fully recognized next year.
 here.
 We have much to be excited about, including the growing number of new customers selecting
 our products and services to build
 or upgrade the networks with rapid adoption of our Mosaic platform
 and subscription
 services and our SDX solutions as Tier 1 operators begin their transition to the network of the
 future and the promise of Ardoff Awards and begin
 and being able
 to help regional service providers, utilities, and municipalities provide gigabit services
 to the communities
 that they serve
 I am proud of our company and our employees
 for the tests we have seen thus far this year.
 We look forward to a strong finish to 2020 and have a bright outlook as we look ahead
 into 2021.
 Michael Nuff provided an overview of financials
 And following his remarks, I will move up to any questions that you may have.
 Thank you, Tom, and good morning to all.
 I will review our
 I'm thankful to you as well.
 We provide our view for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 During my report, I will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP results.
 With respect to non-GAAP financial measures
 that are discussed on this call
 but are not presented
 in our earnings release,
 Reconciliations to their comparable gap measures are published in a supplemental financial schedule
 that appears on our Investor Relations webpage at www.adtran.com.
 for non-GAAP measures discussed on this call
 that are presented in the earnings release.
 reconciliations are contained
 within the release.
 The supplemental financial schedules on our webpage also present certain revenue information
 by segment and category
 and other non-gap reconciliations
 WHICH I WILL BE DISCUSSING TODAY.
 as Tom said
 add
 Trans third quarter revenue came in
 at $133.1 million
 compared to $128.7 million in the prior quarter
 and $114.1 million
 for the third quarter of 2019.
 Breaking this down across our operating segments
 Our network solutions revenue for the third quarter
 was $115.2 million
 versus $111.3 million
 reported for Q2 of 2020
 and $94 million
 dollars in Q3 of
 2019.
 our services
 and support revenue in Q3 of this year was $17.9 million
 compared to $17.4 million reported in the second quarter of 2020
 and $20.1 million
 for the third quarter of 2019.
 across our revenue
 categories, access and
 aggregation revenue for quarter
 3 of 2020 was
 $85.4 million
 dollars
 compared to $82.8 million in the prior quarter
 and $65.1 million in quarter three of 2019.
 Revenue for our Subscriber Solutions and Experience category was $43.1 million for the quarter versus $40.4 million in quarter two of 2020 and $42.5 million in quarter three of 2019.
 traditional and other products
 revenue for the quarter was
 $4.6 million
 compared to $5.5 million
 for quarter two of 2020
 and $6.5 million for quarter three of 2019.
 Looking at our revenues
 geographically
 domestic
 revenue for Q3 2020 was
 $92.8 million
 versus $84.5 million
 reported in quarter two of 2020
 an $83.1 million
 dollars
 in quarter three of 2019.
 Our international revenue for the quarter was $40.3 million
 compared to $44.3 million for quarter two of 2020
 and $30.9 million
 dollars
 in quarter three of 2019.
 For the third quarter, we had two 10% of revenue customers.
 both of these were domestic customers.
 Our gap gross margin for the third quarter of this year was 44.3%
 as compared to 41.5% last quarter
 and 40.6% in the third quarter of 2019.
 non-GAAP
 gross margin for quarter three
 was 44.5%
 as compared to 41.6% in the prior quarter
 and 41%
 IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2019.
 The quarter-over-quarter increase in both GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins
 were driven by
 increases in volume as well as favorable product and services mixed.
 and lower freight-related charges in the current quarter.
 The increases in both GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins on a year-over-year basis
 were driven by increases in volume
 as well as product mitts, which were partially offset by higher freight-related charges and expedite premiums.
 Total operating expenses on a gap basis were $54.4 million for quarter three of 2020,
 compared to $59.5 million
 reported in the prior quarter
 and $62.7 million
 DOLLARS FOR QUARTER THREE OF 2019.
 The quarter-over-quarter decrease was primarily related to market-driven decreases in our
 deferred compensation expense
 as well as expense reductions in both R&D and SG&A
 as a result of our restructuring program initiated in 2019
 and reduced travel expenses.
 offset by increases in some restructuring-related costs.
 The year-over-year decreases in operating expenses were a result of lower expenses in both R&D and SG&A
 and lower travel
 related expenses, partially offset by market-driven increases in our
 definition.
 compensation expense and an increase in contract services costs on a non-GAAP
 basis our third quarter operating expenses were forty nine point four
 million dollars compared to 52.3 million in the prior quarter and 59.4 million dollars in quarter
 three
 of 2019.
 both the non-GAAP quarter of a quarter
 and year-over-year decreases in operating expense
 OR PRIMARITIES,
 We are primarily driven as a result of our expense reduction efforts and lower travel
 related expenses.
 Operating income on a gap basis for the third quarter of 2020
 was $4.5 million
 compared to an operating loss of $6 million
 in the prior quarter and an operating loss
 of $20.3 million reported in Q3 of 2019.
 Non-GAAP operating income for quarter three of 2020 was $9.9 million compared to an operating
 income of $1.3 million
 dollars
 in Q2
 of 2020, and an operating loss of $12.6 million in quarter three of 2019.
 the quarter over quarter
 and year over year gap
 and non-gap profitability
 was driven by higher sales with favorable gross margin mix
 AND REDUCED OPERATING EXPENSES.
 Other income on a gap basis for the third quarter of 2020 was $1.5 million
 compared to other income of $8.4 million
 in the prior quarter, and other income of $1.9 million in quarter three of 2019.
 Our non-GAAP other income for the quarter was $900,000
 compared to other income of $5.7 million in Q2 2020
 and other income
 of $2.7 million
 for quarter three of 2019.
 The decreases in both GAAP and non-GAAP other income as compared to quarter-over-quarter
 or primarily market-driven
 caused by changes in the valuation
 of our investment portfolio.
 the decrease in gap
 and non-GAAP other income
 on a year-over-year basis was primarily driven by realized foreign exchange losses
 offset by market-driven upsides in the valuation of our investment portfolio.
 the company's tax provision
 for the third quarter of 2020
 was $600,000
 of
 expense as compared to an expense of $1.6 million in the prior quarter and an expense
 of $27.7 million
 in the third quarter of 2019.
 The current quarter tax expense was primarily due to profitability in our international
 operations as the
 deferred tax benefits generated
 by our domestic operations
 continued to be offset by changes in our valuation allowance.
 The tax expense in the third quarter of last year
 was the result of a valuation allowance
 against our domestic deferred tax
 assets.
 Gap net income for quarter three of 2020 was $5.5 million
 compared to a net income of $800,000 in the prior quarter
 and a net loss of $46.1 million
 in the third quarter of 2019.
 non-gap net income for the
 third quarter of 2020 with $7.9 million as compared to an income of $1.6 million in the
 prior quarter and a loss
 of 2.8 million
 in quarter three of 2019.
 Earnings per share
 assuming dilution on a gap basis
 was $0.11 per share.
 as compared to $0.02 per share last quarter
 and a loss of $0.96 per share in the third quarter of 2019.
 Non-GAAP earnings per share
 assuming dilution for the third quarter was $0.16
 COMPARED TO AN INCOME OF
 4 cents per share in the prior quarter, and a loss of 6 cents per share in quarter three
 of 2019.
 Turning to the balance sheet, unrestricted cash and marketable securities totaled $132.2 million
 at quarter end after paying $4.3 million
 in dividends during the quarter.
 for the quarter
 we used $7 million
 of cash
 from operations.
 Net trade accounts receivable was $100.2 million at quarter end, resulting in a DSO
 of 69 days compared to 67 days in the prior quarter and 73 days at the end of the third
 THIRD QUARTER OF 2019.
 variability in DSOs quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year is mainly attributable to the
 timing of shipments
 during the quarter and customer mix.
 Net inventories ended the quarter at $120.3 million
 dollars compared to
 $106.1 million in Q2 of 2020 and $104.9 million at the end of Q3 2019.
 the increase
 in our
 inventories for the quarter that just ended
 was in preparation for new product ramp-ups
 and strategic
 Inventory Buffer Purchases
 made to ensure
 supply
 continuity during the pandemic.
 we believe that we are
 position to maintain adequate
 liquidity in the current
 environment.
 looking ahead to the next quarter
 the possible effects of the ongoing
 COVID-19 pandemic
 the ability of component supplies to align with our customer demand,
 the book and ship nature of our business
 the timing of revenue associated with large projects,
 the variability of order patterns
 into the customer base
 in which we sell, as well as the fluctuation in currency exchange rates in our international
 markets may cause material
 differences between our expectations
 AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS.
 We expect that our fourth quarter 2020 revenue
 will be in the range of $122 million to $132 million
 dollars. After considering the projected sales mix, we expect that our fourth quarter gross margin
 on a non-gap basis
 will be in the range of 41% to 42%.
 We also expect non-GAAP operating expenses
 FOR THE FOURTH QUARTER OF 2020
 will be between $50 and $51 million.
 And finally, we anticipate
 the consolidated tax rate
 for the fourth quarter of 2020
 on a non-gap basis
 will be a benefit at a mid-single-digit percentage rate
 resulting from the expected mix of domestic and international income in the quarter.
 we believe that the
 significant factors impacting revenue and earnings realized in 2020 will be
 component availability, a macro spending environment for carriers and enterprises,
 the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
 the variability of NICs in revenue associated with project rollouts,
 the proportion of international
 revenue,
 relative to our total revenue
 professional services
 activity levels in both
 domestic, and international markets, the adoption rate of our broadband access platforms,
 potential changes in tax laws,
 currency exchange rate movements, and inventory fluctuations in our distribution channels.
 Once again, additional financial information is available
 at AdTrans Investor Relations webpage at www.adtrans.com.
 Now I'll turn the call back over to Tom.
 Great. Thank you, Mike.
 Ian, at this point we're ready to open up
 any questions people may have.
 This time, if you'd like to ask a question over the phone lines, please press star than 1 on your telephone keypad.
 We will pause for a moment to compile the Q&A roster.
 Your first question comes from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company.
 Your line is open.
 Thank you.
 Good morning.
 Tom
 you mentioned
 that you
 it sounded like you mentioned you got a new tier
 one in Q3
 when you talk about your new customers.
 I just wanted to clarify, is that the case,
 And if it is, can you say anything about that that wins?
 I did actually
 say that in
 my notes
 In reality, we did announce a new chair one at the end of September.
 which was
 for fiber extension.
 And we did pick up another tier one customer
 within the quarter where they expanded their programs
 with us to include a different variation on the technology that we had been previously
 awarded, so perhaps
 them, but I didn't
 mention any of my notes.
 Got it.
 That's helpful.
 And then I think you also mentioned that you've made good progress
 with your previously announced Tier 1s,
 And I guess, you know, those who include, among others, DT, OpenReach, maybe, and the
 unnamed U.S. Tier 1. Is there any
 updates you can give us on those in terms of
 progress and or, you know, revenue expectations, initial revenue expectations.
 MR.
 Yeah.
 So one of those is a brand-new customer for us, as you're aware.
 and
 all three of them are going well
 all three of them
 are at different stages
 of lab work
 We actually have received some POs from the new customer,
 but that's associated with, you know, initial, say, initial lab work and, you know,
 It's kind of some of the software work that we're doing for them.
 So we actually, so that actually booked and shipped in the quarter.
 but all three of them
 are going well
 So we expect material revenue contributions from them to really start in the first half
 towards the tail end of the first half of next year.
 Got it.
 Um,
 And then question on ODAF.
 you've talked about it being kind of
 a mid-21 revenue opportunity.
 I think some of your competitors have suggested
 maybe it's more of a 2022
 to
 any further
 you know
 a clarification on your thoughts on timings.
 that's sort of a 3Q
 21 or 40.
 Any thoughts on that?
 Yeah, yeah, and I guess here again, this is the different, you know,
 when does it
 It's one of those things that's going to start.
 it will start slower, you know,
 You have so many participants.
 and some of them have plans completely worked out.
 Some of them don't have plans.
 Sure.
 at all
 We've been just focusing on the bidding process.
 so
 I think you'll start seeing it
 around the house
 and then you'll start seeing
 a wrap-up from there.
 Got it.
 Just one more, Mike, modeling question on OPEX levels.
 So if we're looking into next year, and I know you don't give guidance out there,
 but if we're trying to think about
 what an OpEx number looks like
 It's kind of a normalized TME level.
 any thoughts on how much
 that maybe adds back into the model
 as P&E gets back to
 some kind of normalized level?
 we expect
 We've had a plan to get to about where we are right now, and we expect that we're going to hold that into next year.
 So I wouldn't try to model any increases.
 I think like a lot of companies, everybody's rethinking the whole T&E going forward.
 So I think your model going into next year should look a lot like what we're seeing at the end of this year.
 Very good.
 Thank you for that, Mike.
 I'll cede the floor.
 thank you
 Your next question comes from Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs.
 Your line is open.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 this is
 Baladi
 on
 the
 road
 Just to start off, could you give us some color on what you're seeing
 in terms of broadband demand and activity here in the U.S.?
 and maybe try to handicap that across the tier one,
 and then also how you're thinking about the
 sustainability of the momentum
 I'm the next TL.
 Yeah.
 First, a lot of activity, and I touched on the growth rates in the Tier 3 space,
 There's a lot of activity in the Tier 3s,
 which is just separate from what's going on with RDOF.
 So a lot of network upgrades,
 We rolled out our combo card, which is, you know, the 10-gig solution,
 a good pickup on a combo card
 and so
 just a lot of activity and
 And I think a lot of it has got to do with just end-user demand, you know,
 based off of the environment that we're in,
 people understanding
 the importance of good connectivity.
 Same thing in the tier twos.
 I think the Tier 2s are finally getting past whatever financial issues they may have had,
 and some of them have started executing.
 one of them explicitly
 has started executing
 on expansion plans
 and I don't see
 that stopping
 and I think the other one actually is
 kind of
 woken up
 and getting
 better
 and that includes not just those
 but some of the MSOs as well.
 So I don't see a near-term end.
 In fact, I see people planning farther out
 and kind of figuring out
 how they're going to readjust to, you know,
 what may be a different work environment
 in a lot of areas than what they had going into this pandemic.
 and I don't think
 it's all pandemic
 driven either
 I mean, the activity that's going on in the Tier 2s
 has been part of their stated plan.
 and it just got put off.
 the tier threes have been heating up
 for some period of time, even prior to that.
 I mean, we had solid growth in that space last year as well.
 And then the Tier 1s, you know, we're really in the U.S.
 We're in the cable MSO space and we're with large carriers
 and with one of the large carriers here in the TOCO space in relation to PON.
 and I would say the activity there is
 I would say we've seen
 activity, I wouldn't call it
 You know, I'm her shredding.
 I WOULD SAY IT'S SOLID.
 and a lot of that work is really trying to figure out
 what they're going to do into next year.
 so I think a lot of that is just
 I think the real pickup there will probably be this time next year
 maybe a little bit earlier than that.
 Did that answer your question?
 It does, it does
 Thanks so much.
 and just for a quick follow-up on the gross margin,
 And you mentioned about the volumes and product mix.
 Maybe could you expand on it a little bit, like what volumes you're talking about?
 So it's product mix.
 I mean, at the end of the day, we're sowing, without getting too deep into it, we're sowing pond.
 one of the things
 if you step back
 and look at what our business has done.
 we've really
 made the transition
 from
 copper to fiber
 and some of the fiber components that we're selling,
 specifically when you're talking about
 our little teeth and stuff just have a richer mix.
 We also have, based off of international
 and domestic revenue mix, we have a material difference
 in those gross margin profiles.
 those are probably the two biggest thing that
 that we're driving the gross margin difference.
 Yes, thank you.
 Okay.
 you are
 The next question comes from line of Paul Silverstein of Calland.
 Your line is open.
 Tom, just a clarification
 first before my question
 to the response
 of the previous question
 obviously or
 I trust non-US's lower margin
 in the U.S. as a general proposition,
 but on the
 product piece
 of the
 revenue
 I
 I apologize if you just said this.
 the margin differential
 So it's more favorable for your fiber base
 they're less favorable
 Is that the distinction you're making in terms of the product mix influencing the gross margin profile, and what is the key difference there on the product side?
 I would say what's happening in the fiber space is we're selling the mix towards OLTs is much higher.
 Got it.
 So basically people sitting in front of the room.
 Exactly.
 Right.
 Got it.
 So that's the key driver in the product mix.
 That's probably, you know, I don't have them listed,
 but that's definitely in the top three.
 or
 we had a
 really strong
 what are part of it might be closer to every quarter
 in terms of water margin profile you obviously don't have a very good market
 quarter. It's written by
 volume and the
 shifter LTs
 is you're guiding back to your traditional guidance
 in the low 40s for the December quarter.
 has there been any change in your view
 about longer-term
 and you're still looking at a low 40s gross margin profile longer term
 with the benefit of volume
 with SHIFT-OLC's
 Can that be better than that?
 And then I've got one follow-up question.
 Yeah, I think I always say low to mid, so somewhere right in that range.
 and you see variability in here.
 Remember, in Q1, we were pretty hot also.
 So it jumps around a lot.
 So I try to project this by looking at what we see, but we are a book and ship business
 and what comes in during a quarter is a little bit hard to test,
 but I believe that that 41 to 42 guidance
 is probably what the mix will turn out to be for the corners.
 I think the
 variability also the thing that
 maybe think about
 and, you know, we don't have, you know, we don't know exactly
 what Tier 3s will do next year.
 If Tier 3s are strong, that typically helps us because not just the nature of what they buy,
 but also the software components associated with that.
 so that tends to drive more strength.
 The thing that we're trying to factor in at this point
 in not changing the longer-term guidance
 is there is a real potential for material international revenue upticking next year
 and whether or not the Tier 3s here in the U.S. are going to keep pace with that
 is kind of the thing that
 But, you know, we just have to look and see.
 There's no doubt that the pressure, some of the pressure has been alleviated in places like Europe
 because of the stance on some of the vendors there.
 but
 there's still a hangover effect on all of that
 and the stronger that that business is,
 you'll tend to see a weakness in the gross margin.
 to come to your STEM.
 you just made it so
 that you made good progress
 in Tier 3
 what percentage of total
 We'll rub your orchard through today.
 it
 we
 We really don't break that out.
 I'll tell you, it's very, you know, it's material.
 So it's over.
 Let me pick an arrow.
 It's over $50 million, but we don't break that up.
 One quick final question, if I may.
 I know it's hard predicting the future, but assuming you get the revenues you're expecting
 from these new Tier 1 wins
 Tom and Mike, do you all have any visibility as to what the margin profile is in total?
 Not asking any specific customer
 but on the CER1s, would that be consistent with the current margin structure?
 or would it be polluted?
 would it be a creative?
 any sense
 HE WANTS TO BE
 I'm going to talk to you about
 international gross margins, it would probably
 It would be a little accretive to international gross margins,
 but it would be diluted
 to total corporate press margins.
 All right, I appreciate it.
 I appreciate it, I'll pass it on.
 Thank you.
 And that's the mix I'm talking about.
 How much does that pile in?
 That gets better over time.
 how much does that pile in versus what's going on with the U.S. market in Tier 3?
 Thank you.
 Thank you again.
 All right.
 Your next question comes from the line of Bill DeVellum of Titan Capital.
 your life
 Your line is open.
 Thank you.
 a couple of different questions.
 First of all
 the
 the two
 Tier 1's
 The one that you won
 and the one with the new program
 that you specifically called out.
 would you talk about the ramp
 and the timing for material revenues
 and is that different than your comment
 about late in the first half of next year
 that you made it to a bigger comment.
 And then the second question is, can you talk through just the European country shutdowns
 that are happening once again here in the last few days?
 and what implications, if any, that has for you.
 MR.
 Let me start with the first one, of course, and it's the first half ramp that I was talking
 about was really around the
 previous SDX
 awards, the three customers that
 we've talked about
 AND, YOU KNOW,
 And really, I'm talking about in totality.
 There are some different dates on all of those, but we'll start seeing as a combination,
 we'll start seeing material revenue around the half of next year.
 as far as the new ones
 one is going to be fairly quick
 but it's a
 as far as seeing any revenue
 um
 I think it's
 I don't have a good sense of timing as to when that picks up at this point.
 I think that they want to get started, and they have some very targeted areas, and then
 and I want to kind of see how it works.
 The other one is very specific, and, Mike, I don't recall the date on that.
 I think it's third quarter-ish of next year.
 yes
 right
 And that one is big.
 it's a well known
 customer to us
 um
 And they have very specific plans with very specific revenue targets associated with it.
 The current date is third quarter of next year.
 I will tell you that these things tend to slip a little bit.
 But what I was talking about before was really the fiber piece.
 As far as the shutdowns are concerned, other than, you know,
 It really hasn't, you know,
 We've been operating in a relatively shut-down environment anyways,
 from an end-user demand
 really no difference
 and we haven't seen any near-term changes in the way that they're operating.
 And where it really affects us is when you're trying to meet with customers
 and really, you know,
 with the lab activity we have going on
 around the world right now, it tends to impact that.
 So far we've been able to maneuver around that.
 I'm not aware of any material delay
 because of the quarantine situation that we're in.
 and I don't expect it.
 I think especially our bigger customers,
 or even our smaller customers
 now I think about going on in Europe
 Um,
 have kind of
 developed an environment where we can talk to their
 counterparts in the lab work through issues
 in many cases, get into the systems themselves remotely and operate the way we need to operate.
 Every once in a while you hear about a week delay here or there,
 but that's not that frequent.
 And the deployment is not impacted by stay-at-home orders?
 Yeah, yeah
 No change in that
 and even in
 you know Europe
 what we were seeing is as far as
 infrastructure in, especially with the new awards.
 we're talking about real material infrastructure builds to begin with
 because they're really talking about building out
 footprint, either replacing
 existing infrastructure that they have
 or expanding footprint
 In many cases, there's been no change in those plans.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 And if I may throw in one more question, Latin America, what are you seeing with your important
 customers down there.
 Oh, yeah.
 So in the Caribbean, we're actually doing well.
 We have some strong, I don't want to overplay it at this point,
 We have some activity going on in places like Brazil, where there are also, of course,
 honestly
 you know
 you know the SDX, maybe you know the SDX
 It's kind of an architecture people want to go to, and so there are large carriers.
 There's not a large carrier that isn't looking at a migration towards XGS, 10 gig,
 And if you're going to do that, you're going to do that with a virtualized system like the SDX.
 So there is activity going on there.
 those tend to be
 longer term.
 We do have one traditional customer down there.
 there are still ongoing negotiations
 with that customer, but there's no material change
 at this point.
 Great. Thank you for the time.
 Okay.
 your next question comes from line of
 Bahaad Najjar of MTM Partners.
 your line is open.
 Thank you.
 Hello?
 Sorry, I was on mute
 I apologize if you've already addressed this
 But are you seeing any significant pull-in of orders from your customers?
 Um, no.
 No.
 Um,
 we did at the beginning of the pandemic
 So if you think about kind of the end of Q1,
 We saw a material increase in order activity.
 I think at this point
 in time
 I
 I would say that the order rate is reflecting what their demand is.
 I don't see any real...
 We do on particular parts.
 I talked a little bit about, you know,
 of the fact that we're still having some supply issues
 most
 predominantly with silicon.
 but
 um,
 and in those cases
 We may really try to nail down a forecast with them
 and try to get them to reach farther out.
 but that's really not the norm.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 So if I look forward to next year with all these tier one ramping, how should we be thinking
 about your customer concentration
 is most of the
 good
 you know
 That's a really good question.
 Yeah, so we are adding tier one customers as well,
 So the good news is that there will be more Tier 1s to kind of spread the fluctuations around within.
 but having said that
 We're also adding more Tier 1, so, you know, you've got that issue.
 we are adding tier
 threes, and I used here
 three we're
 really talking
 about
 alternate carriers of all different types.
 we're adding municipalities
 on a very fast clip.
 I mean, we usually have an internal announcement here or something that goes out,
 and we have a weekly update here
 and there's always a municipality that's being added.
 And we're adding Tier 3s, the traditional Tier 3 carriers.
 I had a very quick clip.
 I think I mentioned before.
 30-something-odd customers, a large
 50% of those were these alternate type carriers.
 So from that perspective, and by the way, I mentioned we had a distribution partner
 was actually a top 10% customer.
 That is not typical.
 I do believe that that will be typical going forward
 because I do believe, and those are all being sold.
 Those are one of our conduits to that alternate carrier, that municipal space, tier three space, and utilities.
 So that base is growing.
 going.
 Now, when we get into this time next year,
 It'll still be kind of early in the cycle of some of these wins,
 but we get into this time next year
 It's really how are those Tier 1s comparing to the growth rate within the Tier 3s.
 i think i have no doubt will be more diverse
 but we're adding tier 1s at a nice clip as well.
 but we will have more customers
 which will help in that diversity.
 and then one other thing i just want to add and i mentioned before
 attach rates on our CPE gear and our RGs
 and some of our new Wi-Fi solutions is really growing well,
 which will help add in that product diversity as well.
 It is something we want to focus on.
 That's really helpful.
 Thanks for the color on that.
 you know I think
 One last question for me is more topical,
 a big picture of you
 I think AT&T recently announced that they're going to stop selling
 a copper-based DSL service.
 it seems like a secular shift
 towards fibers ongoing
 and it should be, you know,
 with all the major tier ones around the world migrating towards fiber.
 Can you talk a little bit about your competitive
 positioning
 Jim Drake
 in Viber.
 Is it similar to
 copper that you enjoyed previously,
 or is it actually better?
 I would love to talk to that.
 I would love talking about this.
 You know, one of the hangovers that we had come through,
 You know, we've had a couple of programs, really one big program that kind of, that was
 copper base that died and then which caused us an issue.
 but really it was the longevity of the copper
 and the R&D requirements associated with that copper versus the fiber.
 and
 And I think this is the first quarter, and depending on how you count it,
 where you're really seeing fiber eclipses copper within our revenue.
 and so
 to us that's a big milestone
 um
 and it really because
 there's a lot of work to make that happen
 So I'm happy with the shift within the company.
 And if you look at the R&D spend,
 The R&D spend is predominantly fiber-based
 and has been for some time.
 So I'm glad to be able to see the revenue kind of mimic what it is that we've been doing internally here.
 competitively right now we're in a very good position
 we have
 launched
 new flexibility and new capabilities
 and there are total access 5,000 platform product,
 which has been in the market for a long period of time.
 we've upgraded
 the switching
 capability and
 And we're the only, well, I shouldn't say we're the only one.
 and I've heard other people are working on one,
 But we are shipping a combo card, which is the XGS 10-gig and standard 2.5-gig
 within the same card profile
 which is unique
 in that customer base
 and getting a lot of traction because people don't want to have to go out
 replace infrastructure
 they don't have to.
 But when I talk about the SDX, there's just nothing else out there.
 completely disaggregated.
 It is the next generation system that people have been talking about for five or six years.
 It's actually now out in the market.
 We've actually shifted to paying customers.
 It is what has been selected by pretty much every tier one that we have won in relation
 upon and we think
 and there's nothing else that'll touch it right now.
 There are people that are kind of reacting to it,
 but we think we have a good headway in the R&D that we've put into it.
 That's good. We appreciate it. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from line of Tim Savo of Northland Capital Management.
 your line is open.
 Good morning.
 um
 I got to a lot of my questions on that last one there.
 but I will say that
 Actually, Nokia made the same comment this quarter with regard to...
 I can believe it.
 That's fine.
 Fiber-equipsing copper in their access system.
 So that would seem to be, well, what comment were you talking about?
 I was talking about the SDX.
 So I was talking about what they were doing, talking about their disaggregated solution.
 Okay, I see.
 a little competitive
 intensity there.
 but that does
 does
 suggest there's an industry-wide
 you know, trend toward copper going on.
 And so thanks for clarifying that fiber was larger this quarter.
 I wanted to follow back up on the Tier 3 comment
 And, I mean, that $50 million, that's a quarterly number?
 that you gave
 for the size of the Tier 3 business.
 okay so
 Well, you know, that's interesting.
 I think it's larger than 50.
 Like I said, we don't want to give up.
 I hear you.
 Okay.
 Yeah, and that would make it, you know, your largest segment if you look at kind of international U.S. Tier 3, Tier 2, and Tier 1, you know, by some distance, actually.
 and you're obviously
 you've seen good growth there
 and you had a lot of impressive growth numbers
 from various segments,
 most of which would seem to imply something on the order of kind of a, I don't know,
 a 30% year-over-year decline among U.S. Tier 1s
 or, you know, other parts of the business that are domestic-based.
 And, you know, I'm guessing that may be a function of the, you know,
 the copper programs that you referenced.
 But, you know, is that about right?
 then what does it take to kind of steer?
 Will it take the new deal coming in to kind of stabilize and make that grow,
 or how are you looking at that part of your business?
 Yeah, first of all, I don't think it's Tier 1s.
 I think in tier twos and tier threes
 on a year-over-year basis we've done good.
 I think the issue that we had last year was predominantly on a comp basis was predominantly
 Tomex.
 And so we had a large copper-based program going on with them
 that was tens of millions a quarter
 and it just completely stopped
 so the
 hole that you're talking about
 and the North American market is Tomex.
 It's not the U.S. carrier base.
 And that was very much a copper-based, vectored VDSO solution that they're rolling out.
 I think I just answered your question.
 effect.
 Yeah, in part.
 And the last one for me is, you know,
 is you think about your potential international growth next year.
 You know, obviously, should the Tier 3s continue to grow, you know, 60%,
 maybe they could keep up with that rate of growth.
 I assume, for planning purposes, you know, you model some slowing in that Tier 3 growth rate
 despite you know
 Ardolf ramping up
 and some other
 positive drivers
 just to begin with.
 And, you know, can we assume that, you know, from an international standpoint, you know, you expect international revenues to grow faster than domestic?
 That is a really good question that I don't have an answer for you today.
 So the thing about the Tier 3s is not just, let me just say alt carriers,
 because it's broader than traditional Tier 3 carriers.
 But the thing about these carriers is the growth rate through the year has been increasing.
 and I don't see a change
 in next year.
 So, you know, you're going to have two quarters of growth before these, you know,
 they,
 Really, we have one mammoth, Tier 1, in Europe that's going to be all incremental, and we'll
 that eclipse it.
 There are other activities going on.
 There's a process going on in Australia.
 carriers like
 Orangie
 WE ANNOUNCED
 an award
 with
 Vodafone
 all of
 these
 Telefonica
 which is of course
 not just in Europe but in Brazil, all of those have got processes that are in place
 or where they're coming towards a decision.
 But those will carry, those are really, if you think they don't get awarded until next year,
 or you're away from that.
 So the real mammoth new incremental piece is a new customer for us
 that's deploying the SDX next year.
 and it'll just be starting
 around the half.
 So I could absolutely envision next year where the Tier 3 is actually eclipsed on a pure
 growth dollar basis, but I don't know that, I don't know that for a fact.
 And, you know, we'll have to get into the year and really see.
 Ardoff was stark around the turn
 of the second half
 But, you know, really for it to be material, it's going to take some time.
 So, you know, that will just be – I don't see that as this huge kind of wave of things coming in the second half of next year.
 I think it just starts and starts to ramp up from there.
 Thank you. I appreciate all that.
 Thank you.
 I don't care.
 yeah these alt carriers
 are
 you know
 if they keep them
 momentum they have right now.
 any others
 um
 the U.S. could be stronger.
 Okay, so thank you very much for joining us today
 I appreciate your interest
 and we look forward to the call next quarter.
 this concludes the next conference call
 you may now disconnect.