 Peace and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to AdTrans Third Quarter 2020
 earnings release conference call.
 All lines have been placed on you to prevent any background noise.
 After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answers period.
 in order to ask a question during this period,
 You will need to press Starter than 1 on your telephone keypad.
 Draw yourself from Q. Please press the pound key.
 If you require further operator assistance, please press star zero.
 During the course of the conference call, AdTran representatives expect to make forward-looking
 which reflect management's best judgment based on factors currently known.
 However, these statements involve risks and uncertainties, including the continued spread
 and extent of the impact of COVID-19 global pandemic.
 the ability of component supplies to align with customer demand.
 the successful development and market acceptance of our products, competition in the market
 for such products, the product and channelments, component costs, manufacturing efficiencies
 and other risks detailed in our annual report form, 10K,
 for the year end of December 31, 2019.
 these risks and other uncertainties could cause results to differ materially from those
 in the forward-looking statements, which may be made during the call.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Tom Stanton, Chief Executive Officer of
 of that trend.
 Sir, please go ahead.
 Thank you again. Good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our third quarter 2020 conference call
 With me today is Adtrance CFO Mike Foliano.
 Following my opening remarks, Mike will review the co-ordinated financial performance in
 detail and then we'll take any questions if you may have.
 I'd like to begin by expressing our concern sympathy for those affected by the ongoing
 global pandemic that has touched our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers.
 The current times have changed the way we communicate, work, and learn, and I remain
 encouraged by our perseverance and the faith of such adversity.
 For these challenges, it is more critical than ever to connect people, communities,
 and businesses to each other.
 The results for our third quarter demonstrated solid execution against our plan.
 This included broad-based demand across our customer segments with regional and emergency
 service providers leading the way.
 We were also making great progress with tier one fiber access projects that we announced
 earlier this year and continue to have very strong momentum on new customer
 acquisition across a broad base of market segments.
 From a top line perspective, revenue for the quarter was $133.1 million, with 44.3 percent
 those margins.
 network solutions accounted for 87% of the revenue at 115.2
 while global services contributed $17.9 million.
 During the quarter we had one 10% service provider customer and one 10% distribution partner along with strong
 contributions from both our direct and distribution channel partners that serve
 of the regional broadband service provider market.
 We added 38 new service provider customers during the quarter,
 bringing the total to $99 for the first three quarters of 2020.
 These new customers range from global tier one operators
 to electric cooperatives, municipalities,
 Cable MSO and regional broadband providers.
 The new customer tracking remains positive, reinforcing our belief that we are in the
 in the early stages of the generational communications
 infrastructure network upgrade cycle.
 Driven by a confluence, a favor will
 government, regulatory, technology, and competitive factors.
 The strength we saw during the quarter was fueled by our continued momentum with regional broadband operators
 who are up 60% year over year and 33% quarter over quarter.
 We will also help with a solid performance
 for our U.S. Tier 2 customers who are up 18 percent year-over-year as they started to
 emerge from restructuring and they are again investing in their network
 expansion.
 In Europe, our revenue from emerging alternate providers is up 76% year-over-year and 20%
 of a quarter and highlighting our growth in that region.
 For the third quarter, our fiber access and aggregation business group is 34 percent over
 previous period and increase 60% to 6% on a year-over-year basis.
 This continues to be our top sales category.
 Within Fiber Access, our PON OLT revenue grew 31% quarter
 of a quarter and a strong 77 percent year over year, which we believe is significantly
 outpacing the growth in the general market and will continue to step up our market share
 position in this key segment.
 We also saw a strong revenue contribution from our U.S. regional broadband service providers,
 going 37% over the previous period and 58% over the previous year.
 broad-based growth across both direct and distribution channels.
 From a supply chain perspective, leak times remained extended on some key components and
 vendors, but our operations team took several proactive steps to mitigate
 logistics and component availability challenges to meet our customer's needs.
 In our efforts to address these needs, we have increased our inventory levels and encouraging
 increased freight cost due to decreased capacity associated with higher transportation rates
 and expedite fees.
 From an organizational perspective,
 the structural changes that we have implemented over the last 12 months continue to improve
 operational efficiency.
 The company has achieved material reductions in operating expenses through control and
 expense management. And we are ahead of our plan for the target operating model moving forward.
 On the product side, we are focusing on growing a wallet share with our service provider customers,
 in addition to selling private active LLT.
 We are going a residential gateway business.
 Presidential Gateway revenue grew 22% quarter over quarter and a strong 64% year over year
 as we increase the number of OOT customers also buying our RGs by 17% in year to date.
 In addition to RG Attach rates, we have also focused on increasing attach rates for our
 Mosaic software subscription services as we migrate customers from Mosaic Suite in our
 upcoming Mosaic One Virtual Control Center.
 On October 29th, the SDSC began its 904 auctions for $16 billion of ARDOF broadband subsidies.
 There are 386 qualified bidders that represent over 700 operators, whereas the Connect America
 upon was targeted to the large price cap carriers providing
 a first right of use of the art of society
 provide an opportunity to rule, look with change carriers,
 and community broad pens riders, such as rural electric fill-ups,
 to receive 10 years of funding.
 We expect to see ARDA funding to begin to positively impact our revenue beginning in
 in the mid-2021 timeframe.
 In Europe and around the world, there's strategic importance of 5G and 5obot and infrastructure
 causing governments to carefully reconsider the security risks of their networks and
 implementation policies and our implementing policies
 to bad high-risk vendors for participating in these network
 builds. As a result, ad trans stands out as a safe, technically advanced alternative
 to those high-risk vendors as national operators look to limit, cap, or replace high-risk vendors
 in their network.
 2020 has brought forth a number of challenges
 that none of us could have envisioned.
 However, we have risen to these challenges, and our emerging
 as an even stronger and more resilient company.
 we have achieved much thus far in 2020
 with the material benefits of just beginning to bear fruit.
 and as they start to begin to be more fully recognized next year.
 We have much to be excited about, including the growing number of new customers selecting
 our products and services to build out or upgrade the networks with rapid adoption of
 of our Mosaic platform and subscription services
 in our SDX solutions.
 as 21 operators begin their transition
 the network of the future and the promise of art off awards and begin and being able
 to help regional service providers, utilities, and municipalities provide gigabit services
 to the communities that they serve.
 I am proud of our company and our employees for the success we have seen this far this year.
 We look forward to a strong finish to 2020 and have a bright outlook as we look ahead
 into 2021.
 Mike will now provide an overview of financials
 And following his remarks, I will load up to any questions that you may have.
 Thank you, Tom, and good morning to you all.
 I will review and provide our views of the Fourth Corridor of 2020.
 During my report, I will be referencing both gap and non-gap results with respect to non-gap
 financial measures that are discussed on this call but are not presented in our earnings
 Reconciliations to their Comparative Gap Measures are published in the Supplemental
 financial schedule that appears on our Investor Relations webpage at www.adtran.com.
 Non-GAP measures discussed on this call that are presented in the earnings release, reconciliations
 are contained within the release.
 The supplemental financial schedules on our web page also
 present certain revenue information by segment and category and other non-gap
 reconciliations, which I will be discussing today.
 As Tom said, AdTrans third quarter revenue came in at $133.1 million, compared to $128.7
 million dollars in the prior quarter and one hundred and fourteen point one million dollars
 for the third quarter of 2019.
 19
 Breaking this down across our operating segments,
 Our network solutions revenue for the third quarter
 was $115.2 million versus $111.3 million reported for Q2 of 2020 and $94 million in Q3 of 2019.
 Our services and support revenue in Q3 of this year
 with $17.9 million compared to $17.4 million reported in the second quarter of 2020 and
 and $20.1 million for the third quarter of 2019.
 That's our revenue categories.
 Access and aggregation revenue for quarter three of 2020 was 85.4 million dollars compared
 to $82.8 million in the prior quarter and $65.1 million in quarter three of 2019.
 Revenue for our subscriber solutions and experience category was $43.1 million for
 the quarter versus $40.4 million in quarter two of 2020 and $42.5 million in quarter
 number three of 2019.
 One other product's revenue for the quarter was $4.6 million compared to $5.5 million
 for quarter two of 2020, and $6.5 million for quarter three of 2019.
 Looking at our revenues geographically.
 Domestic revenue for Q3 2020 was $92.8 million versus $84.5 million reported in Quarter 2
 of 2020 and $83.1 million in quarter three of 2019.
 Our international revenue for the quarter was $40.3 million compared to $44.3 million
 for quarter two of 2020, and $30.9 million in quarter three of 2019.
 For the third quarter, we had 2-10% of revenue customers.
 of these were domestic customers.
 Our gap gross margin for the third quarter of this year was 44.3 percent as compared
 to 41.5% last quarter and 40.6% in the third quarter of 2019.
 non-gap gross margin for quarter three was 44.5%
 as compared to 41.6% in the prior quarter
 and 41% in the third quarter of 2019.
 The quarter-over-quarter increase in both gap and non-gap growth
 margins were driven by increases in volume as well as favorable product and services
 mixed and lower flake-related charges in the current quarter.
 The increases in both GAP and non-GAP gross margins on a year-over-year basis were driven
 by increases in volume, as well as product knit, which
 were partially offset by higher freight-related charges
 and expedite premiums.
 Total operating expenses on a gap basis were $54.4 million for quarter three of 2020 compared
 to $59.5 million reported in the prior quarter and $62.7 million for quarter 3 of 2019.
 The quarter-over-quarter decrease was primarily related to market-driven decreases in our
 our deferred compensation expense, as well as expense reductions in both R&D and SCNA
 as a result of our restructuring program initiated in 2019 and reduced travel expenses.
 offset by increases in summer structuring-related costs.
 The year-over-year decreases in operating expenses
 were a result of lower expenses in both R&D and FG&A and lower travel-related expenses
 partially offset by market-driven increases in our deferred compensation expense and an
 increase in contract services costs.
 On a non-GAP basis, our third-quarter operating expenses were $49.4 million, compared to $52.3
 million in the prior quarter and $59.4 million in quarter three of 2019.
 both the non-gap quarter of a quarter and year-to-year decreases and
 operating expense were primarily driven as a result of our expense reduction
 efforts and lower travel related expenses.
 Census. Operating income on a gap basis for the third quarter of 2020 was $4.5 million
 compared to an operating loss of $6 million in the prior quarter and an operating loss
 of $20.3 million reported in Q3 of 2019.
 non-gap operating income for quarter three of 2020 was $9.9 million compared to an operating
 income of $1.3 million in Q2 of 2020 and an operating loss of $12.6 million in Q3 of
 2019. The quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year gap and non-gap profitability was driven by
 higher sales with favorable gross margin nicks and reduced operating expenses.
 Another income on a gap basis for the third quarter of 2020 was $1.5 million, compared
 to other income of $8.4 million in the prior quarter and other
 income of $1.9 million in quarter three of 2019.
 Our non-gap other income for the quarter was $900,000 compared to other income of $5.7
 million dollars in Q2 2020 and other income of 2.7 million dollars for
 quarter three of 2019. The decreases in both GAP and non-GAP
 other income as compared to quarter over quarter or primarily market-driven caused by changes
 in the valuation of our investment portfolio to decrease in gap and non-gap other income
 on a year-over-year basis was primarily driven by realized foreign exchange losses offset
 by market-driven upsides in the valuation of our investment portfolio.
 The company's tax provision for the third quarter of 2020
 but six hundred thousand dollars
 of expense as compared to an expense of one point six million dollars in the
 prior quarter
 and an expense of $27.7 million in the third quarter of 2019.
 The current quarter tax expense was primarily due to profitability in our international
 operations as the deferred tax benefits generated by domestic
 operations continue to be offset by changes in our valuation allowance.
 the tax expense in the third quarter of last year
 was the result of evaluation allowance against our domestic deferred tax assets.
 Gap net income per quarter three of 2020 was five point five million dollars
 compared to a net income of $800,000 in the prior quarter
 and a net loss of $46.1 million in the third quarter of 2019.
 non-gap net income for the third quarter of 2020 with $7.9 million as compared to an income
 of $1.6 million in the prior quarter and a loss of $2.8 million in quarter three of
 2019.
 Earnings per share, assuming dilution on a gap basis,
 was $0.11 per share as compared to $0.02 per share last quarter and a loss of $0.96 per
 shared in the third quarter of 2019.
 19
 Non-gap earnings per share, assuming dilution for the third quarter was $0.16 compared to
 an income of $0.04 per share in the prior quarter and a loss of $0.06 per share in quarter
 3 of 2019.
 Turning to the balance sheet, unrestricted cash and marketable securities totaled $132.2
 million dollars at quarter end after paying 4.3 million dollars in dividends
 during the quarter. For the quarter, we used $7 million of cash from operations. Net trade
 Accounts Receivable was $100.2 million at quarter end, resulting in a DSO of 69 days
 compared to 67 days in the prior quarter and 73 days at the end of the third quarter
 2019. The variability in DFOs quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year is
 is mainly attributable to the timing of shipments
 during the quarter and customer mix.
 Net Inventories ended the quarter at $120.3 million compared to $106.1 million in Q2 of
 of 2020 and 104.9 million at the end of Q3, 2019.
 The increase in our inventories for the quarter that just ended was in preparation for new
 product ramp-ups and strategic inventory bumper purchases made to ensure supply
 continuity during the pandemic.
 pandemic. We believe that we are positioned to maintain adequate liquidity in the current
 environment.
 Looking ahead to the next quarter, the possible effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic,
 The ability of component supplies to align with our customer demand.
 the book and ship nature of our business, the timing of revenue,
 associated with large projects.
 the variability of order patterns
 into the customer base in which we sell,
 as well as the fluctuation in currency exchange rates
 in our international markets may cause material differences
 between our expectations and the actual results.
 We expect that our fourth quarter 2020 revenue will be in the range of $122,000,000 to $132,000,000
 After considering the projected sales mix,
 we expect that our fourth quarter gross margin
 on a non-gap basis will be in the range of 41% to 42%.
 We also expect non-gap operating expenses for the 4th quarter of 2020 will be between 50
 50 and 51 million dollars.
 And finally, we anticipate the consolidated tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2020 on
 on a non-GAP basis will be a benefit at a mid-single-digit percentage rate, resulting
 from the expected mix of domestic and international income in the quarter.
 We believe that the significant factors impacting revenue and earnings realized in 2020 will
 will be Component Availability, a Macro-Spending
 environment for carriers and enterprises, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
 the variability of nicks and revenue associated with project rollouts that
 proportion of international revenue relative to our total revenue, professional services
 activity levels in both domestic and international markets.
 the adoption rate of our broadband access platforms,
 potential changes in tax laws,
 currency exchange rate movements,
 and inventory fluctuations in our distribution channels.
 Once again, additional financial information
 is available at AdTrans Investor Relations webpage at www.adtrans.com.
 Now I'll turn the call back over to Tom.
 Great, thank you, Mike.
 Me and at this point we're ready to open up for any questions people may have.
 If you'd like to ask a question over the phone lines, please press star then 1 on your telephone
 keypad.
 We will pop
 pause for a moment to compile the Q&A roster.
 Your first question comes from line of Rich Valera of Needham and Company.
 line is open.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Good morning.
 Tom, you mentioned that you...
 Now, like you mentioned, you got a new Tier 1 in Q3
 when you talk about your new customer,
 I just wanted to clarify, is that the case,
 If it is, can you say anything about that, that wins?
 I did actually say that in my notes, but in reality we did announce there's a nature
 one at the end of September, which was for fiber extension, and we did pick up another
 here, one customer was in the quarter where they expanded their programs with us to include
 a different variation on the technology that we had been previously awarded.
 So we're asked them, but I didn't mention any of my notes.
 God, that's helpful.
 And then, I think you also mentioned that you've made good progress with your previously
 announced tier 1s and I guess, you know, those would include among others, DT, open reach
 may be in the unnamed US Tier 1.
 Is there any updates you can give us on those in terms of progress and or revenue expectations
 the initial revenue expectations?
 Yeah, so one of those is a brand new customer force, as you're aware, and all three of them
 are going well.
 All three of them are at different stages of lab work.
 We actually have received some PLs from the new customer,
 but that's associated with, you know, initial, say, initial lab work and, you know, it's
 kind of some of the software work that we're doing for them.
 So that actually built in and shipped in the quarter.
 But all three of them are going well.
 So when we expect material revenue contributions from them to really start in the first half,
 towards the tail end of the first half of next year.
 Got it, um...
 And then, question on ODAF.
 You've talked about it being kind of a mid-21 revenue
 opportunity.
 Some of your competitors have suggested maybe it's more of a 2022.
 any further clarification on your thoughts on timings at sort of a 3Q 21 or 4Q, any thoughts
 Oh no.
 Yeah, and I guess here again, this is the different, you know, one to this.
 It's one of those things that's going to start, it will start slower.
 You know, you have so many participants.
 Some of them have plans completely worked out.
 Some of them don't.
 That plan is sure of that at all.
 I've been just focusing on the bidding process.
 So I think you'll start seeing it right on the half.
 and then you'll start seeing it wrap up from there.
 Got it.
 Just one more, Mike, modeling question on OPEX levels.
 If we're looking into next year, and I know you don't give guidance out there, but if
 we're trying to think about what an OPEC number looks like
 It's kind of a normalized T and E level.
 any thoughts on how much that maybe adds back into the model
 as P&E gets back to, you know, some kind of normalized level.
 We expect, you know, we've had a plan to get to about where we are right now and we expect
 that we're going to hold that into next year.
 So I wouldn't try to model any increases.
 I think like a lot of companies, everybody's rethinking the whole P&E going forward.
 So I think your model going in the next year
 should look a lot like what we're seeing at the end of this year.
 Thank you for that, Mike.
 that mic.
 We'll see you before.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs.
 your line is open.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 This is Bala Reddy-Anwarad.
 Just to start off, could you give us some color on what you're saying in terms of broadband
 demand and activity here in the U.S. and maybe try to handicap that across the tier one, two, three,
 And then also, how you're thinking about the trust and ability, how the moment comes
 the next year.
 First, a lot of activity, and I touched on the growth rates in the Tier 3 space, a lot
 of activity in the tier 3s, which is, you know, just separate from what's going on with
 Nardov.
 A lot of network upgrades, we rolled out our combo card, which is the 10 gig solution,
 a good pickup on the combo card, and so just a lot of activity, and I think a lot of it
 it's got to do with just end user demand,
 based off of the environment that we're in,
 people understanding the importance of good connectivity.
 Same thing in the Tier 2s.
 So I think the Tier 2s are finally getting past whatever
 financial issues that may have had and some of them have started executing one of them
 explicitly started executing on expansion plans and I don't see that
 stopping. And I think the other one actually is kind of woken up and getting better. And
 And that includes not just those, but some of the MSOs as well.
 So I don't see a near-term end.
 In fact, I see people planning farther out and kind of figuring out how they're going
 to readjust to, you know, what may be a different work environment in a lot of areas than what
 that they had going into this pandemic.
 And I don't think it's all pandemic driven either.
 I mean, the activity that's going on in the Tier 2s
 have been part of their stated plan.
 It just got put off.
 The tier 3s have been heating up for some period of time, even prior to that when we
 hit solid growth in that space last year as well.
 And then the tier one, you know, we really in the U.S.
 the U.S., we're in the cable MSO space and we're with large carriers and with one of
 large carriers here in the toco space in relation to pollen. And I would say the
 activity there is, I would say we've seen good activity.
 I wouldn't call it, you know, un-birth-shredding.
 I would say it's solid.
 And a lot of that work is really trying to figure out
 what they're going to do into next year.
 So I think a lot of that is just,
 I think a real pick up there will probably be a year, you know, this time next year,
 make it a little bit earlier than that.
 Did that answer your question?
 It does, it does, thanks so much.
 and different quick highlights on the gross margins, as you mentioned about the volumes
 and product mix.
 Thank you.
 could you expand on it a little bit, like what volumes you're talking about?
 So it's product mix, at the end of the day, we're selling what I'm getting too deep
 We're selling PON, you know, one of the things if you step back and look at what our business
 is done. We've really made the transition from copper to fiber and some of the fiber
 components that we're selling specifically when you're talking about old teeth and stuff
 just have a richer mix. We also have, um, based off of international and
 in domestic revenue mix.
 we have a, you know, a material difference
 in those gross margin profiles.
 Those are probably the two biggest things that we're driving across margin difference.
 Yes, sir. Thank you.
 Okay.
 Your next question comes from line of Paul Silverstein of Calland.
 Your line is open.
 I'm just a clarification of the first before my question to the response to the previous question
 And obviously, or I trust, non-US is lower margin than the US
 as a general proposition, but on the product piece of the revenue.
 I apologize if you just said this.
 the margin differential, it's more favorable for your
 fiber-based or less favorable. Is that the distinction making in terms of the product
 mix influencing the cross margin profile in what is the key difference there.
 I would say what's happening in the fiber space is we're selling the mix towards OLTs
 is much higher.
 God knows you're all these people sitting in front of you.
 Exactly.
 Right.
 All right.
 That's the key driver in the product mix.
 That's probably, you know, I don't have them listed, but that's definitely in the top three.
 All right.
 We might at least handle it.
 I'll go ahead.
 Go ahead.
 If you'd like to question or ask a few, I'll be right back.
 quarter in terms of long-term market profile, you obviously just had a very good market
 quarter, driven by good volume and the shift to RLTs, you're guiding back to your traditional
 guidance in the low 40s for the December quarter, has there been any change in your view about
 longer term and you're still looking at what 40s
 gross margin profile, longer term, with the benefit of volume, with SHIFT-LLCs, can that
 be better than that.
 Then I'll go one follow-up question.
 Yeah, I think I always say low to mid somewhere right in that range and you see variability
 here. Remember in Q1 we were pretty hot. So it jumps around a lot. So I tried to project
 this by looking at what we see, but we are a book and ship business and what comes in
 if they're in a quarter is a little bit hard to test,
 but I believe that that 41 to 42 guidance
 is probably what the mix will turn out
 to be for the corners.
 I think the variability also, the thing that maybe think about Poland, you know, we don't
 have, you know, we don't know exactly what tier 3s will do next year.
 If two or three's are strong, that typically helps us because not just the nature of what
 that they'd buy, but also the software components
 associated with that. So that tends to drive more strength. The thing that we're trying
 factor in at this point in not changing the longer term guidance is there is a real potential
 for material international revenue upticking next year, and whether or not the tier III
 here in the U.S. are going to keep pace with that is kind of the thing that we just have
 to look and see.
 There's no doubt that the pressure, some of the pressure has been alleviated in places
 like Europe because of the stance on some of the vendors there, but, you know, there's
 still a hangover effect on all of that, and the stronger that that business is, you'll
 tend to see a weakness in a gross margin.
 to come to this thing you just made it felt like you made good progress in
 tier three
 What percentage of total revenue are you up to today?
 The...
 We...
 and we really don't break that out.
 I'll tell you, it's material, it's over, let me pick an arrow, it's over $50 million,
 But we don't break that up.
 One quick final question about May.
 I know it's hard to predict in the future, but assuming you get the revenues, you're
 expecting from these new 2-1 wins.
 Tom and Mike, do you have any visibility as to what the margin profile is in total, not
 ask you any specific customer, but only through ones.
 Would that be consistent with current margin structure?
 Would it be a credo?
 any sense?
 I'm going to talk to you about international growth
 It would probably be a little accretive to international gross margins, but it would
 be diluted to total quark across margins.
 All right, I appreciate all possible. Thank you.
 All right, and that's the mix I'm talking about, you know, how much does that pile in that gets better over time?
 How much is that pile in versus what's going on with the U.S. market in tier three?
 All right. Your next question comes from line of Bill DeZello of Titan Capital. Your line is open.
 Thank you.
 of different questions.
 First of all, the V2 tier 1.
 the one that you won and the one with the new program that you specifically called out,
 Could you talk about the ramp and the timing for material
 revenues and is that different than your comment about late in the first
 staff of next year that you made it to a bigger comment.
 And then the second question is, can you
 talk through just the European country shutdowns that
 happening once again here in the last few days and quite implications, if any, that has
 for you.
 Sure.
 Sure, let me start with the first one, of course, and the first half ramp that I was
 talking about was really around the previous SDX awards, the three customers that we've
 talked about, and really I'm talking about in totality, there are some different dates
 on all of those, but we'll start seeing, as a combination, we'll start seeing material
 revenue around the half of next year
 As far as the new ones, one of them will be fairly quick, but it's as far as seeing any
 revenue.
 Yeah, I think it's...
 I don't have a good sense of timing as to when that picks up.
 at this point, I think that they want to get started and they have some very targeted
 areas and then I want to kind of see how it works.
 The other one is very specific, and Mike, I don't recall the date on that.
 I think it's a third quarter of next year.
 And that one is big.
 It's a well-known customer to us.
 They have very specific plans with very specific revenue targets associated with it.
 The current data is third quarter of next year.
 I will tell you that these things tend to slip a little bit.
 But so what I was talking about before was really the fiber piece.
 as far as the shutdown is concerned, other than, you know, it really hasn't, you know,
 You know, we've been operating in a relatively shut down environment anyways from the end
 user demand and really no difference.
 And we haven't seen any near-term changes in the way
 that they're operating.
 really affects us is when you're trying to meet with customers and really, you know,
 the lab activity we have going on around the world right now, it tends to impact that.
 So far we've been able to maneuver around that, I'm not aware of any material delay
 because of the quarantine situation that we're in, and I don't expect it, I think, especially
 our bigger customers, or even our smaller customers, now I think about going out in
 Europe have kind of developed an environment where we can talk to their
 their counterparts in the lab, work through issues, in many cases, get into the systems
 themselves remotely and operate the way we need to operate.
 I'm not, every once in a while you hear about a weak delay here or there, but that's not
 that frequent.
 And the deployment is not impacted by stay-at-home orders.
 Yeah.
 And even in Europe, what we were seeing is as far as infrastructure in, especially with
 the new awards. We're talking about real material infrastructure bills to begin with
 because they're really talking about building out footprint.
 either replacing existing infrastructure that they have
 for expanding footprint in many cases.
 there's been no change in those plans.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 And one more question, Latin America.
 But what are you seeing with your important customers
 down there.
 um
 So, in the Caribbean, we're actually doing well.
 We have some strong, I don't want to overplay it at this point.
 We have some activity going on in places like Brazil, where there are also, of course,
 But honestly, as you know, the STX, maybe you know the STX,
 is kind of the architecture people want to go to.
 And so there are large carriers.
 there's not a large carrier that isn't looking at a migration towards
 XGS 10 gig, and if you're going to do that, you're going to do that with a virtualized
 system like the SDX.
 So there's activity going on there.
 Those tend to be longer term.
 We do have one traditional customer down there, there are still ongoing negotiations with
 that customer, but there's no material change at this point.
 Great. Thank you for the time.
 Okay
 Your next question comes from line of Bahadr Njar of M.K.M. Partners. Your line is open.
 Oh, sorry, I was on mute.
 I apologize if you've already addressed this, but are you seeing any significant pull-in
 of orders from your customers.
 Um, no. No. I call them...
 We did at the beginning of the pandemic.
 So if you think about kind of the end of Q1,
 We saw a material increase in older activity.
 I think at this point in time, I would say that the order rate is reflecting what they're
 demand is.
 I don't see any real, we do on particular parts.
 I talked a little bit about the fact that we're still
 having some supply issues.
 most predominantly with silicon.
 But in those cases, we may really try to meld out our forecast with them and try to get
 and the reach farther out.
 but that's really not the norm.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 If I look forward to next year with all these tier one
 How should we be thinking about your customer concentration?
 It's most of the real problem question.
 Yeah.
 So, we are adding tier one customers as well.
 So the good news is that there will be more tier 1s to kind of spread the fluctuations
 uh... around within
 Um, but having said that, we're also adding more to one.
 So you got that issue.
 We are adding tier three, and I use tier three
 We're really talking about alternate carriers of all different types.
 we're heading municipalities
 on a very fast clip
 um...
 I mean, we usually have an internal announcement here or something that goes out, and we have
 Well, weekly update here, and there's always a municipality that's being added.
 And we're adding tier 3s to traditional tier 3 periods out of a very quick clip.
 I think I mentioned before, 30-something-on-customers,
 large percentage of those were de-spaultering-type carriers.
 So from that perspective, and by the way,
 And I mentioned we had a distribution partner.
 It was actually a 10% customer.
 That is not typical.
 I do believe that that will be typical going forward,
 because I do believe, and those are all being sold,
 Those are one of our conduits to that alternate carrier
 municipal space, tier three space, and utilities.
 and that base is growing.
 Now, when we get into this time next year, it'll still be kind of early in the cycle
 some of these wins, but we'll get into this time next year.
 It's really how are those tier 1s comparing to the growth rate within the tier 3s.
 I have no doubt we'll be more diverse, but we're adding tier 1s and a nice clip as well.
 We will have more customers, which
 will help in that diversity.
 And then one other thing I just want to add,
 And I mentioned before the tax rates on our CPE gear and our RGs and some of our new
 Wi-Fi solutions is really going well, which will help add in that product diversity as
 well.
 It is something we are focused on.
 That's really helpful.
 And thanks for the color on that.
 You know, I think one last question for me is more topical, a big picture of you.
 I think AT&T recently announced that they're going to stop selling the copper-based BSL
 service.
 It seems like a secular shift towards father's ongoing initiative, you know, with all the
 to make the tier ones around the world
 migrating towards fiber. Can you talk a little bit about your competitive positioning in
 in the fiber, is it similar to copper that you enjoyed previously or is it actually better?
 I would love to talk about it.
 I would love to talk about this.
 One of the hangovers that we had come through,
 We've had a couple of programs, really one big program,
 that kind of, that was copper base that died
 and then, which caused us an issue.
 But really, it was the longevity of the copper and the hardware requirements associated with
 of that copper versus the fiber.
 And I think this is the first quarter.
 and depending on how you count it, where you're really seeing
 fiber eclipsed copper within our revenue.
 And so to us, that's a big milestone.
 milestone, and it really, because there's a lot of work to make that happen.
 So I'm happy with the shift within the company, and if you look at the R&D spend, the R&D
 you spend is predominantly fiber-based and has been for some time, so I'm glad to be
 to see the revenue kind of mimic what it is that we've been doing internally here.
 competitively right now we're in a very good position.
 We have launched new flexibility and new capabilities in our total access, 5,000 platform product,
 which has been in the market for a long period of time.
 we've upgraded the switching capability.
 capability. And we're the only, well I shouldn't say the only one. I've heard other people
 are working on one but we are shipping a combo card which is the XGS 10 gig and
 and standard two and a half kick within the same card profile,
 which is unique in that customer base.
 and getting a lot of traction because people don't want to have to go out and replace infrastructure.
 infrastructure they don't have to.
 And then I talked about the STX, there's just nothing else out there, completely disaggregated.
 It is the next generation system that people have been talking about for five or six years.
 It's actually now out in the market.
 we've actually shifted to paying customers,
 It is what has been selected by pretty much every tier one
 that we have won in relation to PON, and we think there's
 nothing else that will touch it right now.
 There are people that are kind of trying, or are we at the end of the day,
 but we think we have a good headway in the R&D that we've put into it.
 to us.
 That's good, we appreciate it, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Line of Tensevo of Northland Capital Management.
 Thanks for having us open.
 Good morning.
 got to a lot of my questions on that last one there
 But I will say that actually Nokia made the same comment
 this quarter, which we're going to see.
 I can believe it.
 That's what we're talking about.
 clipped a copper in their access to it.
 So that would seem to be, well, what comment were you talking about?
 Oh, I was talking about the SDX.
 I was talking about...
 they were doing, talking about their disaggregated solution.
 Okay, I see.
 a little competitive intensity there, but that does suggest there's an industry-wide
 you know, turn toward copper going on.
 And so thanks for clarifying that Fibro is larger this quarter.
 i were to follow back up on that here three comment
 you know that fifty million that's a quarterly number
 that you gave for the size of the TL3 because it's okay.
 So, well, you know, that's interesting.
 And larger than 50, like I said, we don't mind.
 All right, here we go.
 Okay.
 and now that would make it you know your your largest segment if you look at
 kind of international U.S. Tier 3, Tier 2, and Tier 1, you know, by some distance, actually.
 And you're obviously seeing good growth there, and you had a lot of impressive growth numbers
 in various segments, most of which would seem to imply something on the order of kind of
 but I don't know, 30% year-over-year decline
 among US tier ones or other parts of the business that
 They're domestic based.
 And, you know, I'm guessing that may be a function of, you know, the copper programs
 that you referenced but you know is that about right and what what does it take to
 kind of, we'll take the new deal coming in to kind of stabilize and make that grow or
 or how are you looking at that part of your business?
 Yeah, first of all, I don't think it's tier one, I think in tier two's and tier three's
 on a year-over-year basis, we've done good.
 I think the issue that we had last year was predominantly
 on a cop basis was predominantly TEL-X.
 And so we had a large copper-based program going on with them.
 I was tens of millions a quarter, and it just completely stopped.
 So the hole that you're talking about in the North American market is Tomex.
 not the U.S. carrier-based, and that was very much a copper-based vectored VDSO solution
 that they're rolling out.
 I think I just answered your question with that.
 Yeah, in part.
 And the last one for me is, you know, as you think about your potential international growth
 next year, you know, obviously should the tier 3s continue to grow, you know, 60% maybe
 they could keep up with that way to grow ties to for planning purposes, you know, you model
 Well, some slowing in that tier three growth rate, despite, you know, our not ramping up
 and some other positive drivers.
 just to begin with, and can we assume that from an international standpoint, you expect
 international revenues to grow faster than domestic.
 That is a really good question that I don't have an answer for you today.
 So the thing about the tier three is not just,
 Let me just say off-carriers, because it's broader than traditional two or three carriers.
 But the thing about these carriers is the growth rate through the year has been increasing.
 And I don't see a change in next year, so, you know, you're going to have two quarters
 There's a growth before these, you know, really, we have one mammoth tier one in Europe that
 is going to start that's going to be all for mental and more
 Now, there are other activities going on.
 process going on in Australia. Carriers like Orange, we announced an award
 with Vodafone, all of these, California, which is, of course, not just in Europe, but in
 All of those have got processes that are in place or where they're coming towards a decision on
 But those will carry.
 But those are really, if you think they don't get a word until next year, they're a year
 away from that.
 So the real mammoth new incremental piece is a new customer
 for us that's deploying the STX next year.
 And it'll just be starting around the half.
 So I could absolutely envision next year
 where the tier three is actually eclipsed on a pure growth
 on a dollar basis, but I don't know that for a fact.
 you know, we'll have to get into the year and really see.
 Part off will start around the turn of the second half.
 But really, for it to be material,
 it's going to take some time, so that will just be,
 I don't see that as this huge kind of wave of things coming in the second half of the
 I think it just starts to ramp up from there.
 Can I just have a picture of that and come out?
 care.
 Yeah, these old carriers are, you know, they keep the momentum they have right now, you
 And the US could be stronger.
 OK, so thank you very much for joining us today.
 I appreciate your interest and we look forward to the call on the next quarter.
 This concludes the next conference call. You may now disconnect.