 And good afternoon, everyone.
 We are off to a solid start to 2017.
 Our earnings for share for Q1 was a dollar and 34 cents, and we are encouraged by the
 the momentum we see in our revenue performance.
 As you know, accelerating revenue growth
 capturing opportunities across our diversified business model has been a key priority for
 In addition, we are seeing the benefits of our cost reduction efforts and continue to
 to return significant amounts of capital
 shareholders through our dividend and share buyback programs.
 In many ways, our Q1 results show the steady progress we are making on the range of growth
 and cost initiatives that we have put in place over the last couple of years, and that we
 We reviewed at our investor day last month.
 These initiatives have been supported by the spending that we did over the last two years.
 We expect that these efforts will all come together to help us produce steady results
 during 2017 and position us well for the longer term.
 Going forward, we remain focused on delivering improvement in EPS as we progress through
 2017, and beyond this, we are equally focused on our strategies to generate sustainable
 revenue and earnings growth. While it is still early in the year, and we have work to do,
 Our first quarter is a positive start to the year.
 Let me turn to the detailed results starting with the summary financial performance on
 One slide, two.
 Your first quarter was down 2%, reflecting lower discount revenue and that interest income
 following the Costco portfolio sale in Q2 of last year.
 When excluding FX and Costco-related revenues in the prior year, our adjusted revenue growth
 exceeds...
 accelerated modestly to 7% on a sequential basis.
 The first quarter also included, as expected, given the volume growth we are seeing, a great
 greater year-over-year increase in provision and rewards than we experienced in the fourth
 quarter.
 income was down 13% versus the prior year, first quarter, as we continue to grow over
 of the co-brand exits from 2016.
 as we move through 2017.
 We expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost reduction initiatives
 and the seasonality of revenue.
 Of course, we expect a return to year-over-year net income and EPS growth as we get to the
 second half of 2017.
 earnings per share of $1.34, reflects our net income performance, and also the benefits
 of our strong capital position.
 over the last year
 We returned $4.1 billion of capital to shareholders
 through our share repurchase programs,
 which has resulted in a 6% reduction in average shares.
 These results brought our ROE for the 12 months ended in March to 25%.
 So with that, it's the summary.
 Let me now turn to a more detailed review of our results starting with Billings.
 You can see on slide three that worldwide FX Suggested Billings were flat in the quarter
 versus the prior year.
 To get a better understanding of the underlying trends on slide four, as we have in recent
 quarters.
 We show Billings growth adjusted for both changes in foreign exchange rates and the impact
 of Costco.
 Here, you can see that adjusted billing scrolls accelerated modestly to 8% in the quarter.
 The acceleration was broad-based.
 as you can see in both the segment view of Billings
 on slide five.
 and the geographical view of Billings on slide six.
 With all of these views, I would point out a number of trends in our billing's performance
 this quarter.
 In the GCS segment, we continue to see strong growth in the small business and middle market
 Adjusted volumes in the U.S. grew at 11 percent in the quarter, and outside the U.S. volume
 growth accelerated.
 In the large and global GCS customer segment, spending volumes were up a bit as compared
 to last year.
 We have said for a while now that we would expect that this will remain a slower growth
 segment.
 I'm sending it up to Contravel and Entertainment,
 spending by larger corporations,
 which we have not yet seen.
 The consumer segment growth rate was consistent with Q4 2016.
 We are pleased with the impact of the initial changes we made last October in our U.S.
 consumer platinum product.
 comment on the most recent changes to the product as they just took effect at the end of the
 in the first one.
 international consumer and network services segment, the building's growth rate improved
 sequentially to 8% on an FX-adjusted basis.
 Looking at the two parts of this segment, volumes from proprietary cards grew at 11%, reflecting
 continued strength in several international markets.
 In G&S, the FX-adjusted growth improved from 4% in 24% to 6% in 21% as we saw sequential
 All of the EMEA, JPA, and LACC.
 an important role in strengthening our global network.
 I would remind you, though, that going forward, as we previously discussed, we do expect pressure
 on GNS volumes due to the changing regulatory environment
 specifically in the EU.
 Australia, given the lower margins we are in GNS, however, this will have less bottom
 line impact.
 Moving to international in total, you can see on slide six that our billing's growth
 rates remain strong.
 As we saw, our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit and FX adjusted terms grows
 and overall international accelerated to 13%
 the effects of just growth.
 The improvement in international is broad-based, with strength in both our corporate and consumer
 businesses.
 As we look at a few key markets, for example, we see continued strong FX adjusted growth
 in the UK, up 17%, in Mexico, up 15%, and in Japan.
 Also, if you would briefly note, a couple of calendar impacts to growth rates in the
 order.
 As I mentioned at investor date, the leap day in February 2016 negatively impacts growth
 rates this quarter by about 1% see a benefit in March as the Easter holiday moved from
 Q1 last year to Q2 this year.
 In many international markets, there is an extended holiday around Easter, which impacts
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 Stepping back, we are encouraged by the momentum we see in the adjusted billings growth rate.
 The improvement is coming across our segments globally
 and reflects returns on the investments we have made
 over the last couple of years.
 still have work to do, and the competitive environment, especially in U.S. consumer,
 remains intense, but we are focused on driving more volume
 under our network from our wide range of growth opportunities.
 Turning now to our worldwide lending performance on slide 7, our total loans were up 12 percent
 versus the prior year on an FX-adjusted basis,
 slightly below the growth rate we saw in the fourth quarter of last year.
 as we have for several years now.
 We continue to grow U.S. loans faster than the industry, driven primarily by our success
 and growing loans from existing customers.
 During the first quarter, more than 50% of the growth in U.S. consumer loans came from
 from existing customers.
 consistent with the trend we describe that our industry.
 As we look forward, we believe that we can continue to grow loans above the industry
 rate.
 and our unique growth opportunities while maintaining best-in-class credit performance.
 Looking at the right-hand side of the slide, you can see that net interest yield has been
 steadily expanding, and rose again sequentially in Q1 to 10.3 percent.
 typically widen in the first quarter due to seasonality, but the steady trend
 we are seeing is driven by the impact of a number of factors, including a shift in
 in mix to non-co-brand customers.
 grow more likely to revolve, less revolving
 at introductory rates.
 some specific pricing actions and, of course, a benefit from increases in benchmark interest
 rates without an offsetting change to our personal savings deposit rate.
 We do expect deposit rates will move up over time, so it remains to be seen when that change
 will occur and how much rates will increase.
 Before turning to provision, let me touch on our credit metrics.
 The frequency and loss metrics across our lending and charge card portfolios continue
 to be very strong.
 In the worldwide loan portfolio, you can see that the delinquency rate was flat to Q4
 and the loss rates increase slightly,
 both sequentially in year over year.
 The modest increase in lending loss rates versus the prior year is in line with our
 expectations and consistent with our view that loss rates would begin to increase due
 due to the seasoning of new accounts and the shift towards non-COBRAN products, which have
 a slightly higher write-off weight.
 great.
 But also,
 generate greater yield.
 and this quarter's lending results reflect that dynamic.
 The combination of continued strong loan and receivable growth and modestly higher year
 over your loss rates, including in certain charge card segments, has caused our provision
 as expected to grow well above the growth rate in loans.
 You can see on slide 9.
 As we look forward to the balance of the year, we expect that provision will continue to
 grow faster than loans, a trend that is fully contemplated in our earnings expectations.
 Turning to our revenue performance.
 On slide 10, effects-adjusted revenues were down 2%.
 just for both FX and Costco-related revenues
 to get at the underlying trend.
 revenue grew at 7%.
 say that adjusted revenue growth in the quarter outperformed our own internal expectation
 as in the month of March,
 Billings and Revenue both came in above our plans.
 with the momentum in our adjusted revenue growth rate, and we are encouraged to begin
 the year a bit above the full year range we provided an investor day of five to six percent
 adjusted revenue growth.
 looking at the components of revenue in more detail.
 Discount revenue declined by 3% but increased by 6% on an adjusted basis.
 The discount rate in the quarter was 2.45 percent, up one basis point year over year
 due to lower rate volumes coming off the network,
 more than offsetting the impact from merchant negotiations,
 mix and the continued rollout of OcBlue in the U.S.
 Well, the discount rate increased year-over-year.
 of discount revenue to build business declined by four basis points, which I will come back
 Net card fees grew by 7% at the quarter, reflecting continued strength in our premium
 US portfolios, including platinum, gold, and delta, as well as growth and key international
 markets.
 like Japan and Australia.
 The platinum fee increases we announced in March are not yet impacting the results as
 as the fee increase for existing customers
 does not go into effect until September.
 Other fees and commissions crew 5 percent in the quarter, while other revenue declined by 16 percent.
 revenue growth is impacted by the sale of a small business which provided back
 office systems to run third-party loyalty programs during December 2016.
 An interest income is down 5% to the lower average loans,
 but increase 15% on an adjusted basis,
 driven by the 12% growth in adjusted loans
 than the higher net interest yield
 as I mentioned previously.
 Coming back now to the ratio, discount revenue to build business on slide 12, you can see
 that this ratio was down four basis points versus the prior year, while the reported
 the discount rate was up.
 Discount revenue to Billings this quarter is driven by a shift in Billings mixed towards
 And that is the end of this video.
 and higher incentive payments to co-brand and corporate card partners as the volumes
 in those categories itself.
 Turning out our total expenses.
 on slide 13.
 Our expenses were 1% higher than the prior year
 during the first quarter.
 though I'd note that performance trends varied
 across the different expense lines.
 And in yesterday, we highlighted that our spending on card member engagement is reflected
 across marketing and promotion, rewards,
 and card member services expenses.
 And I'll discuss the changes in those P&L lines
 on the following slide.
 Moving to operating expenses, total operating costs during the quarter were down 3 percent
 first of the prior year.
 I'd remind you that in the prior year operating expenses
 were impacted by the $127 million gain
 from the JetBlue portfolio sale,
 an $84 million restructuring charge.
 We continue to make progress on our cost reduction initiatives and believe that we are on track
 to remove $1 billion from the company's cost base
 on a run rate basis by the end of 2017.
 As we highlighted it yesterday, we expect the year-over-year decline in operating expenses
 to be larger as we egg is at 2017.
 what we saw in Q1.
 effective tax rate during the quarter was 31.9%, which is below our full year 2017 expectation
 of 33 to 34 percent.
 No one tax rate benefited from some discrete tax items, but we continue to believe that
 our full year rate will be more in line with our 33 to 34 percent.
 expectation of our card member engagement spending on slide 14 total engagement spending
 in few one was $2.8 billion or 4% higher than the prior year.
 Looking at the components of that spending,
 as expected.
 and P was down.
 These results are consistent with our comments at Investor Day about anticipating a reduction
 in our M&P spending versus 2016 levels.
 We continue to focus on improving the efficiency of our marketing spend by using our scale
 to consistently drive cost savings from our ongoing marketing operations.
 We also continue to shift our focus towards existing card members and increase our use
 digital channels both of which.
 can add efficiency.
 these efforts despite a lower level of marketing spend.
 We acquired more new cards during the first quarter than we did during Q4, including one
 1.7 million cards across our U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million on a worldwide basis.
 Over 60 percent of the global consumer cards we acquired in the quarter came through digital
 channels.
 And digital is particularly important, as you know, for acquiring new millennial card
 members.
 continue to anticipate that full-year 2017 M&P will be lower than 2016 and more similar
 to full year 2015 levels.
 I know, however, that the ultimate level of marketing
 spending expenses will be influenced by our financial performance and the opportunities
 present.
 in the marketplace.
 consistent with our investor day expectations. Rewards expense was up six percent despite
 a small decline in proprietary billing volumes versus the prior year.
 Adjusting for the Costco Cobra and Blinds in the prior year.
 rewards expense would have increased in the quarter by 20% while adjusted proprietary
 screw by six percent.
 This growth in rewards resulted in a ratio of rewards, costs, and proprietary billings
 of 87 basis points.
 Your year-over-year increase in reward expense during the quarter reflects the impact of
 enhancements to our U.S. Platinum products that we implemented at the beginning of 2416,
 as well as continued strong growth in our Delta co-brand.
 Portfolio.
 The trust of card member services increased 14%.
 Reflecting higher engagement levels across our premium travel services, including airport
 clown jacks us and co-brand benefits such as first bag free on Delta as we highlighted
 I did it yesterday.
 This is an area where we can offer differentiated benefits and will continue to invest as evidenced
 by the rollout of the new Uber benefit
 on our platinum cards a few weeks ago.
 Turning now to slide 15 and touching on capital.
 We continue to use our strong balance sheet position to return a significant amount of
 amount of capital to shareholders.
 Over the last nine quarters,
 we have returned 101% of the capital we have generated.
 I think this shows the commitment we have over time to leverage our business model and
 capital position, steadily create shareholder value.
 Now, we, of course, just completed our submission for the 2017 CCAR process earlier this month.
 And as I'm sure you're all aware, the process continues to evolve each year.
 main content and the strength of our business model and our ability to drive
 shareholder value through capital returns.
 Now, of course, we also use capital to support business building activities, such as growth
 and our loan balances, potential M&A activity,
 in addition to returning capital through dividends
 and share buybacks.
 I'd also remind you that our capital plan
 for the upcoming year will be dependent upon the Fed's review, and we expect to hear back
 from them about our submission.
 in June.
 Nothing back.
 Over the past several years, we have embarked on a series of initiatives to reposition the
 company and drives sustainable revenue growth.
 Those efforts, which we covered in our investor day, include, amongst others, focusing on
 on further penetrating commercial payments
 by leveraging our small business and middle market assets
 in our global commercial segment.
 driving more organic growth through expanded engagement
 with existing customers.
 better leveraging our digital and big data capabilities
 for new customer acquisition and other targeting.
 growing our merchant network,
 and pursuing lending expansion opportunities.
 These actions were targeted to provide a mix of returns over the short, medium, and longer term.
 while the impact from those efforts will play out over time.
 We are encouraged with the trend that we have seen in our business metrics and revenue growth
 of the past several quarters and believe that these initiatives are driving real momentum.
 As we look out to the balance of the year, we believe that our outlook for the full year
 2017 EPS to be between $5.60 and $5.80 remains appropriate.
 As we discussed at investor day, we anticipate that EPS will grow through the year and as
 As we have in the past, we will continue to balance delivering earnings to the bottom
 online and investing for the moderates
 long term.
 We do believe that our 2017 plan has appropriately balanced short-term profitability with the
 steps we need to take to generate sustainable revenue and earnings growth over the longer
 With that, let me turn it back over to Toby and we'll move to Q&A.
 A couple of comments on there, thank you for the question.
 You are correct.
 that relative to our expectations early in March
 March at investor date, what surprised us frankly in the month of March was how strong
 the revenue performance came in and so that is the main driver of why our APS for the
 quarter ended up being a little bit stronger than I would have expected back in that first
 week of March.
 On the margins, I'd also point out that we had a few tax-discreet items you're always
 working on various tax settlements and things like that.
 they're a little bit hard to time,
 and so those came in and added a couple pennies as well,
 over the course of the year, that number is not particularly material.
 In terms of our guidance for the year,
 No, I guess I'd come back to what I said in my earlier remarks, Sanjay.
 We feel really good about this start.
 off to, but gosh, it's only one quarter, and we have a lot of work to do as we go through
 the year. Certainly we are encouraged by the revenue performance and I would say based
 on the first quarter, I certainly think it's much like here that we won't be at the higher
 end of the revenue range that I talked about in investor day which was for adjusted revenue
 growth to be at 5% to 6%, but you know, we'd like a little bit more time past before we
 convert that into what that might mean for EPS.
 I would just conclude by saying we certainly feel very confident in the $5.60 to $5.80
 EPS guidance range that we have reconfirmed again today.
 Thanks, Sanjay.
 You're right, Eric, that we have a pretty simple financial model we like to talk about,
 which all starts with taking advantage of the range of revenue growth opportunities we
 that we can get good revenue growth.
 The six-cost nature of our business allows us to get pretty steady operating expenses
 leverage, and the fact that we're not overly capital-intensive in our business allows us
 to use our capital strength to add a little bit more to UBS growth.
 It's a pretty simple model, but it all starts with the revenue growth line.
 You heard us talk a lot at Investor Day in early March
 about how focused we are and the objective
 of getting to a sustainable 6% revenue growth rate
 And when you look at the business model we have,
 If we can achieve that, we certainly are then confident we can get to EPS growth of more
 –
 than 10% steadily.
 you know what I would say is this is one quarter.
 We've heard really good about the quarter, we're in.
 Certainly in 2017, I'd remind you that when you think about the prior year, including a
 a big gain on a couple of portfolio sales, as well as a half a year of earnings from
 that partnership that we no longer have.
 Our EPS growth, if you consider those things in 2017,
 is, of course, quite high, way, way above the more than 10% level, and that's because
 Because we're getting an unusual amount of operating expense leverage because of our
 efforts to take a billion dollars out of cost structure and because as we built into our
 guidance and as we're off to a good start on, we have pretty good revenue growth in the
 projections we have for 2017.
 So what all that translates into 2018 and beyond,
 we'll have to see, but I think we feel pretty positive
 about the start we're off to this year.
 sure.
 Sure. Thanks for the question.
 And, you know, as you have heard talk about probably in multiple forms, when you look
 across our geographies and our customer segments.
 Christian rates are modest and actually remarkably stable.
 They just don't lose that.
 I think it certainly got a lot of attention when we talked about the fact for a few weeks
 last year in the U.S. consumer premium segment when you look at a platinum card, you had
 a...
 ...
 a very modest uptick in attrition that quickly came back down, but all of these numbers for
 Our attrition across all of our businesses are in the low single digits on an annualized
 basis.
 We really haven't seen any change when I look across the different businesses and the different
 in those numbers and to just finish off the platinum story while we saw that one little
 for a few weeks. In fact, we ended 2016 with more Platinum Card members in the U.S. than
 than we've ever had in more spending on the Platinum card than we've ever had in a year.
 So, you know, we are always focused on providing great values to our customers.
 we very much try to target our value propositions
 customers who want to build long-term relationships with the company.
 that's what we're all about.
 And right now we don't see any signs of any change in our ability to do that, so thank
 Thank you for the question, Ryan.
 If you go back, probably you heard us first day at our investor day in 2016, that when
 When you just acknowledge the reality of the competitive environment, mostly in the U.S.
 We said at the time we expected our rewards costs to go a little faster than billings.
 In fact, if you look at most of 2015 and 2016, they really weren't.
 they were growing rusty and lined with fillings,
 but our expectation for some time has been that you would
 in select cases, the exchange of value propositions.
 In early October of last year,
 We did make some more significant value proposition changes in both the business and consumer
 or platinum products in the U.S.
 We're pleased on both of those.
 So that step up is what drove our rewards costs up in tier four of 16.
 I'd say you saw probably the full effect because you probably didn't quite get the full effect
 in Q4.
 in this quarter, and so you will continue to see that ballpark level of your year increase
 until we're done lapping those changes as you get to the last quarter of 2017.
 You know, all that said, I would remind everyone, we feel good as a general matter about our
 value propositions today, and I think the mere fact that we had another really strong
 quarter of acquiring new card members is a demonstration that across the
 a range of geographies and customer segments
 and products that we have.
 we think we have very competitive value propositions
 when you look at both what Dougbuck, Mr.
 I refer to it, our investor day is the sort of real table stakes elements of the product,
 are about rewards and pricing as well as the experiential value that we work very hard
 uniquely offered given the range of unique strengths we have.
 So I would expect to see, in some, the rewards cost continue to grow for the next couple
 of quarters, it is mostly platinum, although there's also some really nice growth we're
 we're seeing in a few of our co-brand relationships
 like Delta that also pushed the number up a little bit.
 but it's mostly platinum and we should be done laughing
 as we get to the end.
 I'll admit, I'm paging through, uh...
 I guess I'd make a few comments.
 First off, remember, when you look at the year the sale of the Costco co-brand has caused
 some dislocations that tend to, on a year-over-year basis,
 to actually go in the other direction
 because the average spend per card is a little low.
 when you look sequentially in Tobi's tantamuses.
 Toby?
 Well, I think, Don, as I'm sure you're happy to say, you know, we really value all of our
 co-brand partners and I would put Hilton in that category and you didn't ask but it's probably on your mind
 I would put SPG in that category and we work really hard every day to create value for
 for our card members, for our partners,
 for our shareholders to comment on specific what might be the ultimate outcome of carry-on
 as they think about what to do with the two co-brands that are now offered to both Marriott
 awards and SPC card members or what Hilton might choose to do as it thinks about its
 current to co-brand partners.
 What I would say is that to the distinction you made,
 we do think that there are certain types of co-parent partners
 who are interested in building value and business together.
 co-parent partners who are focused on some of the travel and entertainment-oriented
 strengths that we have, I would remind you that we run a big consumer travel agency and
 We have a joint venture to run a big business travel agency, and we have a long, long, long
 long, long legacy of being very strong and attracting a customer base that is very travel-oriented.
 So we do think that allows us to bring some unique strengths to travel-oriented, co-brand
 that, quite frankly, probably aren't there in certain retail co-brands who are often
 a retailer as we've talked about on and off over the last couple of years off to the
 It is really after, in many ways, a payment vehicle that will allow their customers to
 of borrowing.
 And while, as you know, one of our strategic initiatives is trying to capture more of our
 own customers' borrowing behaviors. As a general matter, we remain a spend-centric
 oriented company and we're less likely to be real focused on or real competitive on
 products where the economics are really driven 100% by lending.
 So, we'll have to see where things like Marriott and Hilton go going forward, but we're focused
 every day and providing value to those partners.
 Well, thanks for the question, Bob.
 Certainly, we are encouraged, as I said,
 by the momentum we see across our billing scrolls,
 our loan growth and our revenue growth.
 really in the year, right?
 And I guess I'd make just a few balancing comments.
 Yes.
 came in stronger than we expected.
 And certainly revenue growth is probably even stronger than we expected.
 We do do a little bit of rounding.
 I will point out to simplify the slides.
 If you go calculate the precise numbers,
 you'll see that our Q4 revenue growth rate
 adjusted basis is about 6.4% and in Q1 it was 6.6, so it does round 6 to 7 with a little
 but you have to put it into a little perspective.
 leave day, certainly, for us in Q1.
 I will say outside the U.S. and particularly in our business.
 Easter being to April probably helps us a little bit.
 And then, yeah, we feel really good
 about the momentum we have had built over international.
 You will see some modest wins, though, as you get later into the year for some regular
 reasons I talk that's going to impact the network that have a bigger billing's impact
 or profit impact.
 It has some small revenue impact.
 So we're driving a management team on getting to as much revenue growth as we can get to.
 We are really pleased with the start we're off to, as I did say earlier, it does certainly
 I think we should be at the higher end of that 5% to 6% range that I talked about yesterday
 for the year for adjusted revenue growth.
 I think we'd like to see a little bit more time pass
 a little bit more before we move beyond that number.
 So, thank you for the comments.
 Yeah.
 Well, there's probably a couple questions there, David.
 The first thing I'd say is that through March 30th...
 as we want to see anything that's suggestive of a material uptick in consumer confidence
 or consumer or commercial spending.
 while we have been gaining momentum,
 as we look at the many different areas gaining momentum,
 we can see a change that we have made
 and how we're running the business,
 and what value propositions we're offering, et cetera,
 it seems to be what is driving the change,
 as opposed to us getting the benefit
 just a generally stronger economic environment.
 So, certainly, we are as hopeful as anyone that there, in fact, is stronger economic
 12.
 So, goodbye.
 See you in the next video.
 I just can't say I see any evidence of it right now
 in our results.
 I see your comments on TNE.
 Certainly.
 One aspect of the changes we've announced in the U.S. is to position them both for the
 consumer and small business segment as being the go-to products for the premium travel
 oriented card member.
 And we do think that positions us even better than we already are for, or positions us to
 to be in a good spot to benefit from any increase in consumer spending or commercial spending
 in those areas.
 And as I say that, I would remind you that I think we still consider and go into that
 latest round of changes as they...
 It's a very, very strong player in the TME segment, and I think that is the company's
 heritage.
 remains a tremendous strength of the company.
 Certainly we have broadened our offerings tremendously
 over the last couple of decades,
 But that T&E strength, we do think, continues
 and the latest moves we made are just the latest step
 and ensuring that we don't lose that positioning.
 So we'll have to see.
 I certainly hope that we see an uptake in spending.
 I just can't say we've seen it yet.
 So, thank you, David.
 Great.
 Thank you again.
 Correct.
 if you just think about the U.S. with the CoBrand Portfolio Sales,
 and really steady, nice growth in international.
 you are correct. We're generating a little bit more of our earnings outside the U.S.
 and that does have a positive impact on our tax run rate.
 That's actually why even for the year before it is a discrete item that came in this quarter
 a slightly lower guidance for the tax run rate than what you've seen in the prior year
 You know, a tax reform, boy, we'll have to see.
 You've heard us say in other forums, due to the nature of our business, we have a pretty
 are in high effective tax rate and if you think through the details of our financial
 statement you'll realize we pretty much pay that full tax rate in cash to the U.S.
 So we are a very, very significant taxpayer.
 any corporate rates in the U.S.
 we are likely to be a significant winner
 because we're not a particular beneficiary of any of the varied and many things that help other organizations.
 In fact, pay lower rates.
 Certainly, we're not looking at the company counting on any changes in the tax area, but
 It would be a great thing if it were to happen.
 Oh, it's really just a math trick of if you take the size of the settlements that drove
 In a single quarter, they were enough to drag your tax rate out of our 33% to 34% range of
 your day.
 We don't have other settlements, which I generally don't build them in the last four
 looking comments because they're harder to forecast.
 over the course of a full year.
 They aren't quite enough to pull you out of your way.
 They certainly would, well, I would expect,
 will pull us to the lower end of that range,
 not necessarily output.
 there's no differential assumption I'm making about MIX.
 Thank you.
 Well, you're correct, Aaron.
 It is a seasonal element, but as I mentioned earlier,
 there's really quite a number of other factors that have helped us settle each
 drive the net interest yield up, including some pricing actions we've taken, including
 the fact that with the funding mix we have right now,
 personal savings rates we have in our deposits
 haven't really moved.
 So in fact, the set of interest rates increases so far have been in that positive for the
 including the mix of customers moving to one
 where there's a little bit more revolve,
 which of course helps the yield.
 And then, this is a benefit that we'll save it over time.
 your help a little bit right now because we had in our efforts to win back Cobra and Card
 members over the last year or two. We had a number of people who were on
 and introductory or promotional offers
 who are flipping into playing, paying regular rates now.
 that's helping with the rate up a little bit right now.
 So, there's a lot of factors there.
 seasonality phase a little bit and the one-time impact from winning back some of the Cobra
 and part members will save it over time,
 And all the other things we think will hold and we think this continues more broadly to
 be an area for steady growth in net interest income, right, and where we've been growth
 having over 50% of the increase come from existing customers, or those are people we
 No, we understand it.
 The risk profile is further cementing the broad customer
 we have with them, so we feel really good about what we're doing here.
 All right, Kerry, we'll take one more question.
 Thanks.
 Well, Jason, I appreciate the question.
 I think first off it's important to maybe level-set a little bit.
 You look it.
 last year at our global consumer B2B, but in our global consumer business over 35 new
 customers brought in.
 In fact, that number was up about 16% versus the prior year.
 look at the growing number of applications
 new card members who are coming through mobile channels as you would expect, almost half
 of those new applicants and card members are millennials.
 If you look at the things we do as a company in the digital sphere, talk a lot about how
 how the unique nature closed-loop network allows us to be particularly adept at working
 with companies in the social media, digital, and payments field.
 We really feel like we have been at the forefront
 how you bring those three worlds of digital, social media, and payments together in the
 partnerships we've done with Airbnb, with Twitter, with Facebook.
 Facebook.
 Facebook to have an annexed spot. If you look at our Pay With Points program, which is much
 broader than anyone else's in the industry.
 It is disproportionately used by our millennial customers.
 commerce. Really good.
 out our track record of attracting millennials
 to the franchise.
 We feel really good about the range of things
 we do using our unique assets to appeal to millennials.
 And lastly, I'd say, though, whether you are a millennial or a baby boomer or in any cohort,
 We are, however, about building walls.
 term customer. We build value propositions, we build service experiences that are trying
 to attract and retain people who are about long term.
 Thank you.
 for the great thing and they're going to swap out of it in six months.
 So, you know, look, you can never do enough.
 in this area, so we're focused every day
 trying to do better. But I think our track record for millennials is strong. And I think
 our ability to leverage our unique assets is strong.
 I appreciate the question, but we feel pretty...