 Good morning and welcome to Kaysia Bank's financial results presentation for the fourth quarter of 2021.
 I hope you and your loved ones are well.
 For today's presentation, we are joined by our CEO, Mr. Gonzalo Gotasar and the CFO Javier Pano.
 Please note that reported figures are affected by M&A impacts and do not include Q1-21 of
 Thank you.
 However, to facilitate comparisons, we have also provided pro forma figures.
 Moving on, just a reminder that we aim to spend around 30 minutes, sorry, for the presentation
 and 45 to 60 minutes available for Q&A after that.
 to participate in which you should have received instructions
 by email.
 Let me just end by saying that my team and I are available to take any calls after this
 presentation. And without further ado, let me hand it over to our CEO, Mr. Cortaza.
 Well, good morning. Thank you, Eddie, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today.
 I'll get directly into the highlights of all the quarter and the year.
 It's a quarter where we conclude a year of integration, which has been obviously our
 for main duty during 2021.
 There is also a quarter where we find some very positive data, I had to say, in terms
 of our business.
 There's a lot of core revenues, core revenues.
 The whole year has been, you know, contrast between NII, significant pressure associated
 to lower rates and a very strong performance
 and fees and insurance revenues.
 And the quarter has been extremely, you see that 14% pick up quarter on quarter on our
 fee level.
 The fourth quarter being always a positive quarter from a seasonal point of view,
 but certainly not to the extent that we have seen this year.
 so very satisfied with that performance.
 Our year is also been a year of success and all what has to do with one of our key business
 long-term savings with insurance, mutual pension funds, year-on-year we have an increase in
 in 12.7% on comparable figures.
 the
 exploding
 So, thank you.
 including, in fact, it would be much, much higher, as you know.
 Any in the fourth quarter, we've seen our lending book in consumer and business growing
 1.8 percent, quarter to quarter.
 to try any mortgages, continuous downwards and abated,
 But we've seen an inflection in consumer and business
 landing, which is quite notable, particularly in consumer business landing, I would have
 expected it also for seasonal reasons. Consumer was quite positive, I have to say.
 cost of risk very low. We have been improving our guidance on cost of risk during the year
 and actually we haven't used the 1.4 COVID reserve during the second half, so over 25
 basic points of cost of risk for this year is quite not for our MPF stays at the same
 level, but the total amount of non-performing loss actually came down. The ratio is at 3.6
 because I was living with Cindy Leverett in this year,
 so that's a stable.
 The capital has been also a positive factor throughout the year and also in these fourth
 quarter win the year with this 12.8% on a fully loaded basis, 13.2% if we include the
 IFRS 9 transitional adjustment, almost 500 basis points of MDA buffer and all this is
 allowing us to return to what we think is a generous capital return policy.
 We have fixed the payout for 2022 at a range of 50 to 60 percent.
 We have proposed the exact DB714 cents in the 63 for 2021, which will be decided by
 at the General Meeting in April.
 and we have also announced our intention
 implement a share-buy-buy program. We are at the beginning of the process and we expect to
 complete the details of this program when we present our three-year plan during the
 second quarter.
 So adjusted net income is close to $2.4 billion, obviously a much higher figure than last year,
 particularly because of the reduction of provisions.
 Diverger isn't going obviously we have after the fourth quarter completed the majority of the various
 significant steps that we had to take. And I would highlight three. One is the three news,
 news, the IT integration, you've seen the details already, it went very well.
 So the part of the people are taking place according to the schedule.
 By the end of this quarter, we would have had 70 percent of the people that are going
 to leave.
 be gone and in fact already now the figure is 60 percent so we're fairly well advanced
 in the program and can confirm or continue to expect to deliver on the cost savings that
 We have announced an integration of branches.
 We've done almost half of the program before the year end and during this quarter and next
 or who expected to be mostly done.
 So still work to do, but a lot that we have left behind at this stage.
 and news of the quarter, including the news that we announced yesterday with respect to
 the agreement we reached with Mutua Marilena to extend the joint venture on non-live to
 distribute to the banking branches where we have agreed to, enough for payment or to
 receive it are from payment of €650 million, but also we agreed at the end of the year
 on the terms with which we will be acquiring Bankia Vida, the life insurance company, where
 market used to own 51 percent, which is already 100 percent owned by us, you know.
 So very active quarter and very significant steps these states completed.
 We keep very large market shares.
 You know those details around 25% and closer to 30% when we look at the business of long-term
 savings and basically leadership positions in almost every business I have to do with
 financial services.
 to say a few words on VPI because it's now five years since we took control of VPI and
 We haven't spoken that much about VPI in the last year,
 to be in progress on integration, but BPI has had yet another extraordinary year.
 When you look at the five-year history, I think the figures
 to speak by themselves in terms of the loan and client funds
 development with this 4.5 to 5.4 compounded at overall rate, there is a significant increase
 in market share, approximately two points of market share gains in five years, which
 which is quite possible, and you see the impact you're having in core revenues, corporate
 and most notable, a core cost-income rate from the 65% area to the 54% of 2021.
 continued and progressive decreases a fantastic job that has been done by our people at BPI
 obviously with very positive indicators also of asset quality and capital. I have to say
 we are very confident in what we're doing here.
 I thank you all.
 shows in the long-term what integration in the group can deliver for a large financial
 services company like VPI, and when we look at the integration of Bankia, although we're
 We're not going to be able to track the members in a separate basis as we're doing with Portugal
 for obvious reasons, because we have consolidated Kaysilank
 And Mark, yeah.
 I think we have to be confident that the combined force of the group is going to deliver a very
 sound a very promising story, but my congratulations are not to BPI.
 On the economy, we feel fairly positive, expecting a 5.5% GDP growth for 2023.
 We're actually seeing the consumption being very resilient during this wave of Omicron,
 January figures of the domestic credit David Cox fan in ATM withdrawals at
 about 6 percent, very much in line with what we have seen in the previous months.
 actual Brazilians here and obviously there's a different interest rate outlook now which
 which is very familiar to you.
 In this context, we're looking to the future with confidence.
 We are stepping up commercial initiatives as we progressively
 leave integration work behind. You've seen or may have seen a strong campaign on the
 home ecosystem called my home which will conduct him currently and he's going to stay for
 the whole year and I have the expectation that it will help us obviously in terms of
 new business, particularly on the mortgage side, but all sort of lending and other products
 associated to the home ecosystem. We're going to continue pushing our long-term
 savings strategy which is doing extremely well as you know the my box
 product, you'll see a few figures in the next pages, focus on business, payments and
 And obviously, it's the year where we want to start delivering on revenue signatures with
 bank and you still have the figures there of different penetration of health insurance
 7 to 1, life risk insurance 2 to 1, and the difference in long term savings between 24
 percent and 18 percent and there's more than that but those are probably the
 figures that are more easily understood.
 I said the fourth quarter is positive in consumer and business farming.
 you have new blending production here,
 consumer evolution is quite, I would say, remarkable. 25% growth quarter on quarter and obviously
 We also, if you look at last year, 11% higher.
 This is a different trend than what we have seen, obviously, with the AFPA quarter.
 we need to see how this develops
 But given the macro environment, I would be hopeful that this is something that can be
 sustained in the future, maybe with some ups and downs, but can be sustained.
 And business lending has been a very positive quarter here.
 There is, again, a bit more of seasonal impact in every single year, but we've done actually
 very well.
 just to remind you that we integrated the business side,
 CID and business very early in the process.
 They've been now working completely as one single entity since the summer, and I think
 seen some of that already in the results in the fourth quarter. Obviously going forward
 Here we have NGEU, which hopefully would also provide some tailwinds.
 Long term savings the total star in close double the level of last year market share increasing again
 It's quite remarkable to see our market sharing increase when we have been so busy integrating
 businesses. And hopefully it's an indication of what we can deliver as we go forward as
 will leave the integration behind and obviously very significant pick up in revenues were
 up to 620 billion in terms of customer funds and as I said that's 12, sorry, 10.5% organic
 but if we look at the long-term services, 12.7% organic growth.
 Obviously markets have helped this year, but you see with over 9 billion of an inflows
 with...
 been very active on this front.
 my box working very well
 uh... you see pick up and pinia
 76% if it's a life risk and 95% if you look at the non-life it's a product that has a
 a lot of traction within our commercial network and within with our clients. So expect a continued
 continued success from this study.
 Look at the P&L, big numbers obviously, contrast between NII down 5.8% and non-interest income,
 which is up by a higher percentage,
 but obviously as those, the base effect given that these are still lower numbers in that
 revenues are slightly down, 1% as you can see.
 Again, good trends, certainly in the fourth quarter, I would say, very remarkable.
 The other piece of news in the P&L, sort of big picture,
 cost and their control in line with our guidance and the significant reduction of low and low
 charges.
 And I think here we have two effects.
 one is we've been very prudent in the past in terms of provision building with the actual
 management of the NPL during 2021.
 the inflows, the monitoring of flaccid quality has been spectacular.
 That's been an area of focus and we continue to see actually the lowest numbers ever on
 the range of 1 to 90 days default, which is usually not considered yet as a non-performing
 on what is still seen, the lowest numbers that we have seen in the history, including
 now, actually in January, which it tends to be a bad month.
 So very strong performance on that front.
 And obviously, you know, this year has been including a lot of extraordinary ones, we've
 try to separate those so that we have a clean net income to perform a 2.4 billion and then
 The real net income as reported is 5.2, mainly out by the bad will and reduced by the restructuring
 in charge, you know.
 To conclude, very strong balance sheet, non-performing also, as I said, is stable in terms of ratio
 down in terms of absolute numbers, coverage is high, cost of risk is low, capital is high
 and increasing down completely with embryo.
 So we have a significant headroom and liquidity numbers to speak by themselves.
 So with all this in mind, we've fixed the demon and to be proposed to the general meeting
 with a 50% payout as we communicated to the market, it was 14 cents, 63, we proposed a
 range of 50 to 60, and we are also, as I said, starting the process of our server-backed
 program. We have announced today the intention which was approved yesterday by the board
 to bring our core equity tier one closer to the target level and this is obviously going
 to be subject to the approval of the ECB once we're done and we have the details of all
 all these we will announce those to the market most likely again during our capital markets
 in the second quarter.
 And thank you very much with that.
 I will leave the floor to Javier.
 Ok, thank you and good morning. Well, I will start making some brief comments on the balance sheet initially, on the loan book, the algo and also on our customer funds.
 I'll give you a book called Better Dynamics, as commented, in terms of my production and
 consumer lending, and corporates and SMEs have resulted into an increase of our loan book
 in those segments.
 the leveraging on mortgages. On that front, I would say that looking into 2022, I would
 say, aiming to reduce the gap between the market share
 of the front book and the back book.
 We also note that we have had some maturities in the public sector portfolio,
 originated, short-term lending originated during last year.
 Finally, on this front, just to fully confirm that we have met the metrics for the DLTO
 benchmark
 Moving to the Alco, we have increased the size
 this quarter, last quarter, in October,
 We took advantage of a spike in yields to put sales from medium-term securities, 6 billion
 As a consequence, you may see that the metrics of its life and duration grow slightly, but
 The maturity profile and the breakdown of the sovereign exposure, I would say that remains
 probably can change it.
 And of course, the funding, no news.
 85 basis points over six months of arrival is what we are paying for our HURSAL funding
 and of course remember that this is swapped into floating.
 And on customer funds, I would rather focus on the central chat.
 It's already known, but I think it's remarkable in terms of London savings, a very positive
 market impacts also inflows $9 billion in the year every single quarter with positive
 inflows 2 billion in the fourth quarter and in terms of deposit charged into approximately
 37 billion and well, you know that we think that we still have some room to expand that
 figure, although this is clearly a measure that prevents further deposit growth, and
 On the right-hand side, the most remarkable in my view
 is that the fact that the end-of-period AUM balances
 see you next time
 up by 5% compared to the average of 2021.
 So this obviously offers some support to a few revenues on this business into 2022.
 And with this, let's move to the PNL.
 I would make some remarks on the quarter on quarter of evolution and what has been commented
 not very good performance in fees and insurance,
 that has a low task to have a positive quarter-on-quarter
 core revenue evolution, up by 2.8%.
 On NII, pressure is still affected by lower acid yields and average volumes.
 very good performance. I would call it seasonal, not extraordinary. We had a positive impact
 from success fees, but also on non-life, we had a very strong fourth quarter, on life
 insurance progressing as I would say in line with our initial expectations and it has been
 in a record high quarter, actually, in terms of revenues on this business.
 In costs we are down by 1.9% as we have already having the benefits of the cost savings from
 the restructuring plan and on provisions in general we have taken a problem year-end approach
 and we have added some extra provisions, some other provisions, and in terms of long lost
 charges at the end of the day, we end the year with this cost of risk at 25 basis points
 that is below our initial guidance.
 on M&A impacts, well, you know that this is already ending,
 but these four quarters, we still have some impacts
 on the positive side mostly related to the disposal of the former payment business of
 bankier to commercial and on the negative side some restructurings related to the branch
 network.
 So the net...
 net impact of those M&A one-offs is 88 million,
 excluding those the four quarter pro forma net income has been three hundred thirty seven million euros
 Now, VPI, well, the long-term trends have already been commented by the CEO, but here,
 looking into 2021, you see that this is continuing.
 Core revenue that by 8% costs very well contained, just over 1% as a consequence the operating
 leverage keeps improving with cooperating income up by more than 19%, long growth across
 all segments with MPLs very well contained, with an MPL ratio of 2.3% and with the bulk
 of the moratorium already behind us.
 With this, the attribute of all profit in Portugal this year, 117 million euros.
 Going into the detail, NII down 1.9% quarter on quarter.
 As you may see in the central chart, it's still everything related to clients that is
 driving it downwards, impacted by lower average long yields and also lower long volumes, but
 But this time the algorithm is starting to provide some support after the increase of
 the size of the portfolio, as you may see, and on the right-hand side, you see the evolution
 of our
 book yield that is done by two basis points to 161 still suffering the latest
 legs of rival replicings and on the front book I would say you should not read too much into it
 this quarter, as approximately 50% of the front book is coming from CIV, obviously,
 at lower yields.
 on fees, variable performance, 6.7% up for the year, 14% this quarter, even excluding
 the more volatile wholesale banking fees up by more than 8% for the year and you may
 This is a breakdown we are doing well across, I would say, all segments on recurring banking
 and fees with the support from corporate deposit charges or national management. Success fees
 have contributed this quarter. As I say, I don't call them extraordinary, I call them seasonal,
 So, obviously, we will do our best to repeat it.
 and on insurance distribution, strong focus
 in the quarter from the commercial point of view.
 also some revenue recognition during this fourth quarter.
 So all in all, a very set of results
 on that part of the business.
 And we think that it's a trend that, in our view, may continue on a life risk on this
 front on the central chart what I was commenting initially, you know, record high in terms of
 high risk revenue for 172 million, you may see that this is a clear uptrend and you may
 in the Umeå city, that is, some volatility or some
 better set during the year, but anyhow, a clear uptrend that, in our view, is set to
 And on the right, you have the breakdown of the different impacts of the consolidation
 of Banque Avida, you know, in the first column what you may see is the piano breakdown as
 P&L breakdown as it was in 2021 with a 49% ownership of Bankia Vida and this results
 into a pre-tax income of $109 million, and on the second column, for illustration purposes,
 You can see the situation that we have had if we had owned 100% of Bankia Vida resulting
 into an extra pre-tax income and, obviously, a different P&R breakdown.
 we wanted to disclose all this information
 because I think may help you in order to project
 into 2022 and beyond.
 costs, no much news here. As I said, we have reduced costs by close to 2% this quarter
 with the tailwind of the restructuring, implementing that is affecting personnel costs already
 percent of the staff involved in the layoff has already left the bank, close to 4,000
 people out of 6.5,000. We are planning to reach 80% of cumulative cost synergies by 2022.
 And you may see some increase in depreciation as we continue with a strong CAPEX program
 mainly related to IT.
 Finally, on the piano, cost of risk,
 slightly higher end of the year, no more charges.
 but these cost of research 25 basis points as commented
 and you may see the breakdown of the loop by the stages.
 On the stage 2, a reduction of approximately 3 billion, which is related to lower overlays
 that are no longer needed mainly for the moratoria exposures.
 Moving to the balance sheet on the our MPL exposures. You may see that
 but the imperial ratio is pretty much stable at 3.6%, well below our initial guidance.
 breakdown across the different segments, no major news, as you may see, in absolute numbers
 3.6 billion of MPLs, 400 million less, and well, we have been active in the market with
 some MPL disposals and we are happy to see that our marks are correct as we can dispose
 with any major P&L impacts, as also commented,
 we keep our 1.4 billion COVID reserves unused.
 And in terms of credit quality on our moratoria portfolio, or ex moratoria portfolio, I would
 We say that no major changes, so this is clearly doing better than our very initial expectations.
 And on ECOS, we have 38% of those already paying principal, and the major milestone here being
 May, June, when the major part of them will start paying principal, the color ratio pretty
 much stable at 63% by the end of the year.
 On liquidity, not much to say, but if it's on liquidity, the position you have here all the
 metrics, I would only remark the net stable funding ratio at 154%, which is quite a remarkable
 figure.
 On MRAIL, we have an ample buffer, our ratio stands by the end of the year at 26.2% with
 It's an M-MDA over 400 basis points.
 We have been very active during the year in terms of funding across, as you may see,
 all asset classes and going forward the plan is to focus on the rollover of
 of maturities and also on diversifying the investor race also is linked into foreign
 Thank you very much.
 Well, you know well about our engagement with EEG principles, and this is now being reflected
 in a strong sustainability of writings you have here,
 or a very detailed inventory, good qualifications in all those and the commitment of the management
 to keep those improving, but obviously this is facilitating ESG instances and as you may
 we are the number one bank by ESG,
 these ones for the second consecutive year.
 And this is, obviously, to our plan going forward.
 And finally, capital.
 We have further reinforced that our solvency.
 this quarter no major capital impacts from M&A.
 Organic capital generation of 25 basis points,
 region and 81 minus 10, this results into a CET1 extensitional area for the strain of
 of 12.8% and we're adding IFRS 9 transmission 13-17% and this is an MDI buffer that is almost
 at 500 basis points.
 The tangible value per share has improved by 6% during the year, adding $0.22 and, well,
 as commented, the dividend pressure that is going to be proposed to the general meeting
 of 14.63 cents this meeting probably in the month of April.
 And that's it.
 I think that with this we are done and we might be ready for questions.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, thank you Javier and thank you Gonzalo. As Javier said, it's now time to proceed to Q&A.
 So, operator, please proceed with the first question, including the name and company of
 the caller.
 rather a rather long queue. So just a reminder to everyone to keep your questions as brief
 as possible.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, to ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 And the first question comes from the line of Mark's mission from J.B. Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning. Thank you for the presentation and for allowing us to make questions. I have three, if I may.
 The first one is on capital.
 I was just wondering if you could add more color on what the internal targets for capital
 You've previously been guiding for 11 to 11 and a half percent range and I was wondering whether it has changed after the murder
 The second is on NII. Now that you've rebuilt some alt-code and they're
 promise in science and longboat growth do you still expect first quarter of 2022 to be the
 the bottom of the NIF, or perhaps the dynamics are somewhat better.
 And then, the last one is a clarification on Segur Khaisha Adeslis.
 Thank you for the details on the extension of the agreement with Banke, but we also heard
 from the press that moved to us and has reached an agreement with El Corte Inglés and I
 I was wondering whether this will have any effect
 whatsoever on your piano.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much, Max. I will start with capital. We have not changed our target for
 core equity tier one, XI first line, it is 11 to 11 and a half. So our intention is to
 bring down the 12.8 towards our range.
 we haven't decided to fix it exactly at which point we will take it is the beginning of
 the process, but clearly that is very significant headroom here.
 And I would also like to briefly mention that the agreement between Mutluan and Costingless
 Obviously, I only know the public information around it is a good agreement for both parties.
 And for Segur Kaisa, this loss is going to mean that they will be able to increase its
 a sales on the health side because of all the health business of
 that should be positive but I cannot quantify it I think in the sort of
 a broader picture for Kaishaman is not going to have a material impact, but if any, there
 should be positive for our business.
 With respect to NII, Javier, you may want to address that one.
 Okay, Max, thank you.
 You're welcome.
 I think that probably this answers plenty of questions.
 Well, now it looks increasingly likely that the TOTRO funding benefit is ending by June,
 So, DCV didn't give clear signs that this would be rolled over.
 Your hand is true that they suggested that potentially the amount of balances subject
 to teething could be revised upwards.
 And I think that it's important also to know, which
 maybe the impact from this, now the feeding is fixed time,
 the minimum reserve requirement and there is a market talk that this can be increased
 by two times or doubled.
 In this case, the impact for Kachawan will be approximately 100 million years just
 to have this number.
 So that part is uncertain, no?
 what may happen, then you have, as we gave the breakdown of the different impacts now
 from Banke Abida, you saw that in 2021 we would have had a positive impact on an AI of 88 million
 So you, when making forecast for NIL, you need to take this into consideration.
 So, setting aside all these TV noises because it's difficult to predict what may end happening.
 I can now confirm that the trap on NII is going to be in the first quarter.
 That's all right.
 we may have some negative delta in the first quarter
 from the fourth quarter, but it's going to be lower than the negative delta we have had
 in the fourth quarter from the third quarter.
 And this has to do with lower the count,
 still some negative arrival resets that still are filtering into the first quarter, but
 From there, in our view setting aside, I insist,
 or everything that may happen from DCB organically,
 they would say, we should see the trap in the first quarter.
 It's about, as you've said, a long book that is improving gravity, and I already mentioned
 know that it's our aim to reduce the gap in mortgages between the market share of the
 from book and the book, and obviously this is going to be a gradual process, but this
 may help and the positive dynamics that we are seeing also in terms of functional lending
 and corporate-dimensional learning also will help to have, in our view, at least a flat
 this long book into next year.
 and this, of course, will help.
 On the anchors where we have the app site,
 I made comments some time ago that the size of the portfolio could reach a level of up
 to 15% of our assets and this is quite a large amount, it's approximately 90 billion.
 Obviously, we are not going to be there in one go, it will be very market dependent depending
 on the pace of increase or in yields,
 long-term deals, the shape of the yield curve, we'll see.
 So we don't have a preset view on this.
 We are going to diversify the portfolio also, other than on Spanish government bonds.
 And obviously this offers plenty of upside, no?
 because we have plenty of liquidity to deploy,
 And if markets have, which it looks increasingly likely that this is the trend, obviously this
 offer these offers upside.
 Finally, I would like to mention our sensitivity to higher rates.
 Now, obviously, the market is already discounting that 12-month arrival is going to be at zero
 by the end of this year, who knows, but it's clear what, in the other side of the Atlantic,
 which is the approach, I don't know what DCB will decide,
 But I think that, at least, is the first time
 that things are moving for real.
 And you know that our sensitivity is quite high in that sense.
 And an upward move of 100 basis points in yields
 could result into an improvement of NII between 20% and 25%
 depending on the different assumptions you make,
 because you need to make plenty of assumptions to this in terms of a shift of the post-it
 and to report it, et cetera.
 Hope this helps. We are not giving today specific guidance because, as you know, we are working
 on our long term strategic plan and obviously in due time and this spring when we reconvene
 for the investor rate will give you a detailed figure,
 not only for 2022, but also for longer term.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you, Max. I hope that answers your question.
 Let's move on to the next question, please, operator.
 greater.
 If you have any questions from JP Morgan, please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi, here is the feed from J.P. Morgan.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 So just to follow up on net interest income, in terms of the tier zero, could you just
 Just remind us how much you have maturing in 2022 and I confirm that it's accrued at the
 100 basis points and kind of what in our headwind you expect from this and then my second question would be
 on the cost inflation, you're doing well on the restructuring, but how should we think
 about underlying cost inflation for 2022. Should we expect a kind of disease on higher
 Thank you.
 remind us when you do the wage negotiations in Spain. And then just the final question
 on fee income. How sustainable are the grossing fees that we saw in the fourth quarter? I
 mentioned that it's not a one-off but it was exceptionally high this quarter how
 if we think about the growth going forward.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Sophie. Good morning. I live TLTRO for Javier. It's his favorite. Well, it's so relevant for all of us.
 cost inflation.
 Obviously, cost is something we can have a higher definition of this stage as we control
 more viable on cost. I would say first we are on track with respect to the
 synergies that we announced for 2022, 645 million.
 I think this is fairly safe, it's mostly related to staff departures, so at this stage that's
 something that you need to incorporate.
 You need to incorporate some accounting impact basically from the acquisition of Bankia Vida.
 You've seen those numbers in the presentation,
 have explained this, approximately 30 million, 31 million from consolidating Bank of Eda.
 That's obviously going to have a significant and positive impact on revenues, but it also
 happening back then on costs. And then there is a, with respect to the comparison between
 22 and 21 not necessarily for the future and obviously we're going to work hard
 and making sure the cost inflation is contained over the three-year period that we will be
 discussing, you know, a couple of markets today. But for 21 to 22, we're going to have
 reversal of some savings that are related to the lower level of activity in 2021 associated
 to the various colleague weights.
 And that is something that is going to impact our cost base.
 the comparison between 2022 and 2021.
 keeping all of these in mind what we expect is that we will have a
 cost base this year, 2022, somewhere between 5.9 and 6 billion.
 So, that is what I would say at this stage, that is going to also depend on a number of
 variables including the evolution of the pandemic, but I would say on the cost side, that estimate
 mean between 5.9 and 6 billion is what I would like to share with you now.
 now beyond the TLTRO fees.
 This and Javier will complement, but obviously this and insurance are key to our strategy.
 The way we've been working this year gives me a lot of confidence that we have significant
 potential here.
 We have had an extraordinary fourth quarter with some performance fees and a very good
 sort of also on the non-life levels of commercialization.
 I have to say, to be honest, my expectation, but certainly my aspiration is that we keep
 repeating very strong fourth quarter this year, next year, because the strategy you were following
 should lead to that destruction.
 There will be ups and downs.
 market is going to be the major factor, but obviously we're going to go back to a lower
 level as we exclude some of these performance and special incentives that we achieve in
 the fourth quarter, but why not?
 Our aspiration has to be to repeat those quarter next year and the fourth quarter of 2023 and onwards.
 Maybe you can also compliment me on this and discuss it with you.
 Yes, on physics to complement, no, it's already, we made a comment on the presentation, no,
 but what we can call seasonal for this foreword,
 I mean this.
 excess in terms of a U.N. fees, due to excess fees, and also out-of-formance in terms of
 non-life is approximately 65 million.
 But I insist, this is not an extraordinary, it's seasonality, and as CEO was commenting,
 aim is to be able to repeat on TLTRO just to be more specific.
 multi erosion not ending, what is ending is the funding benefit of minus one percent so
 We have basically a funding at minus one and we are depositing those proceeds at minus
 So we are making a 50 basis points carry and this is affecting 80 billion, 80 billion at
 group level, so the maths are simple, this is 400 million per year, so this is ending
 in June, theoretically, and the SCV says the contrary. So, for the year, the impact is
 which is 200 million euros.
 of rough numbers, so it's a little bit less. But, well, that's it, no? And as I say, clearly
 Clearly, DCV hinted that they could, I would not like to use the word, but compensate the
 not rolling over this facility with an increase
 of the balances affected to TDI, deposited at zero.
 And I will see we have an ECB meeting next week,
 so we probably will have further information.
 Thank you, Sophie.
 Okay, Sophie.
 Thank you very much. Let's move on to the next question, please.
 Thank you.
 Next question from the line of Britain Smith from autonomous, please go ahead
 Yeah, hi there, good morning.
 questions. One is just the clarification on the net interest income, essentially guiding
 to a less than 2% decline in Q1, Q1 and Q1, but does that include consolidation of the
 business over on $20 or $4 million.
 Another question I have is from the Coastal Risk Outlook for 2020.
 Is there any idea that you can give us relative to 2021 in terms of credit cost of risk performance?
 and maybe a clarification, there were quite a few
 The asset buy-dance link to the commercial network
 scattered across several lines in Q4.
 Is there anything more that we should expect in these signs?
 Thank you
 Thank you, Brita.
 And that's the end of this video.
 I just mentioned on the cost of risk, we have had a very positive 2021 and actually expect
 2022 to be equally positive.
 So, at this stage, and we tend to refer to conservative on these things, as you know,
 I would say a long-lost charters, our expectations for them to be in line with this year or on
 on 25 basis points.
 And again, I will emphasize that we tend to be conservative on these matters.
 We have 1.4 billion of unused Colet Reserve, and at this stage, when I look at the state
 of the economy, what I mentioned in terms of sort of late payments that we're seeing,
 the status of the market expectations GDP actually came just an hour ago above our expectations
 I think we have an upside here, clearly.
 Maybe you can take home a game in the I.I.
 What do we, more specifically, what I said is that the trough is ex-TLDROP to be clear
 or other ECB actions is expected to be in the first quarter with a negative delta lower
 than the delta, negative delta we have had in the fourth quarter, but that's probably
 This may be less than this minus 2% quarter on quarter, as you mentioned.
 And yes, Banque Habida and Allay will be included because it's already consolidating since the first of January.
 on restructuring charges.
 I would say that, in general, on restructuring charges, we are almost done.
 We may have…
 still from, I would say, non-material M&A impacts on the P&Ls this year, so it's still
 difficult still to see if we are at the end, but I say clearly non-material and that's
 it, no?
 Restructuring, you know that we have early providing for what is coming in the following
 So we think that in that form we are almost done.
 Okay, Brita, I hope that does answer your questions.
 And with that, let's move on to the next one, please.
 Thank you. Next question from Francisco Michele, please from Alantra, please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning. Two questions for me. First one, you can give more color in terms of long growth in Spain in particular.
 for the group, and so if you can update on your mortgage strategy, recently launch a
 So a new commercial offer in my home, what would it bring?
 city leverage, I guess, the front book you mentioned,
 closing the gap that would still be negative. The seasonal pick up, the pick up we have
 seen in consumer, in corporate lending, whether this is seasonable, you see, this is a changing
 in the next generation, in fans, in a slow process.
 So, a bit more color on long growth by category, if possible.
 Second, on capital, you can update on the outlook for the build-up, if any, in 22,
 any type of risk-related asset inflation and regulatory headwinds left,
 in managing parts of the organization of the insurance operations
 or any other impact you may highlight.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much Paco and let me start giving you some color on what we see on the
 the credit side and how we can take it on the RWA and capital, I anticipate we expect
 to have another positive, clearly positive year in 2022 in terms of real level of capital.
 But I'm sure we'll elaborate on that.
 On the lending side, we feel it's going to be a reasonable year for the sector and a
 a good year for us. Taking the sort of category by category, housing. Housing has been slightly
 positive, it seems, with the figures I have for this year, for the sector, and so I thank
 continue that trend for 2022. We're expecting a slight growth just below 2% for the sector
 on the housing credit.
 On our side, we are clearly going to try to increase our share of new production.
 we have seen a significant reduction during 2022 with, I think, a strategy that we felt
 good about it, being selective, disciplined in terms of price, and certainly, I think,
 very conservative from a sort of asset quality point of view and making sure that mortgages
 that we give today continues to be good for their total life.
 have launched this campaign at my home at the beginning of the year again. This campaign
 is not just about mortgages, but it includes mortgages.
 it's my home is the ecosystem and we are offering quite a lot of things for these
 ecosystem. We are offering obviously protection within our Mybox SRT. We are offering funding
 We are offering funding of refurbishing reforms, we're offering funding of electronics associated
 to the home which, as you know, we also distribute to our We Buy sort of marketplace.
 We are including in these also some mobility elements
 going to and from your home. So it's a whole pack. But within that, we have the mortgage
 product Casa Facil, which we have commercialized with a lot of success, but we are clearly
 putting incentives and the attention of our people in the brasset were giving the growth
 that we're seeing in this part of the business to be more active.
 Obviously pricing is part of that and we're going to be slightly more aggressive on that
 on that run because the market is going through levels that are very competitive, but it's
 not
 not just about changing our pricing strategy, changing or focusing on that ecosystem where
 So we think we can play a pivotal role, we still have 26% of market share in mortgages
 But in terms of our client penetration in Spain with our 19 million clients, we have
 a big, big reach.
 and we want to build a whole ecosystem.
 And again, this is not going to be a one-off campaign that we
 have for a month or a month and a half, this is going to be a permanent push during the
 the whole year, one of our main targets.
 As a result of that, we expect that new lending is going to increase significantly from the
 levels of 2022 we've seen that in the fourth quarter and actually the fourth
 quarter is being particularly difficult because of the integration, we're starting to see
 the success and the growth during the month of January on the mortgage right.
 So again, significant increase for us.
 Does that mean we're going to increase our market share of stock?
 I would say unlikely.
 I would expect to see because our book is very mature, very seasoned, and we're going
 have higher mortisation than the average of the market, I would still expect a slight
 reduction of market share, but certainly very different from what we have seen in 2021 and
 before.
 on consumption, we're fairly optimistic.
 I think this is going to be growing
 gradually during the year.
 We have had a fantastic force quarter.
 I think they're, even though it's difficult and too early to look at the proper comparison
 to know that we compare apples with apples with the rest of the market, but my feeling
 means that we've done clearly better on the market in the fourth quarter, and my expectation
 as we can continue to do so, all right?
 But we'll have to see how the year evolves, the sense is pent up demand, and the normalization
 of life, hopefully post at least intensive phases of COVID, should be very helpful.
 And on the business front, again, we're in pretty good shape.
 and I
 the same way we expect businesses to be aided by next generation EU funds but still with plenty of
 of liquidity. I think we're in good shape and we should be at least maintaining our
 market share, but certainly our aim would be to increase the market share.
 In the NGEU fund, it is true that they haven't yet made an impact to the business, but something
 that is coming, it's coming garrally, but it's getting closer and obviously we see that you
 including this year, it is going to have an impact.
 actually were saying for a while that it was going to be backloaded in 2021, in fact, it's
 have been back loaded, it's been moved to 2022, but we're going to see that impact is
 these years. So when we look at that, that's why Khalil had comments that make us pretty
 positive on that inflection point on the overall loan book because I can see why we're going
 to be doing better across the three categories coming out in 2021.
 Javier.
 on capital, just on, let's say, pending M&A and regulatory impacts.
 I would say that the net is going to be in neutral.
 On M&A, we will have some still pending positives and negatives that are going to be probably
 compensate each other.
 On the regulatory front, we have also positives and negatives.
 We have the convergence of internal models of Bankia to, let's say, the cash-a-bank models.
 We have also some limitations in place in some portfolios in terms of risk-weighted assets
 due to some internal inspections that are going to be released during the year.
 These are positives, then we have the potentially, it's not clear, still fully if the rollout
 of IRB models in Portugal, it's going to be this year or next, but anyhow, as you see,
 positives and negatives is not clear to me every single quarter when we would have the
 How did we do it?
 but not that large in any case.
 So the end result for the year is pretty much new.
 We are having now the view that risk-wasted asset inflation due to rate immigration is
 It's going to be very moderate and this is not going to be a material issue, so according
 to our comments about the positive evolution in general, about the great quality, and that
 So, a year where we think that we will continue generating capital organically, despite having
 raised the payout ratio to 50 to 60 and you know that what will be accrued will be the
 upper bound, the 60. This is what the regulation requires. So in our view, still a year with
 strong capital generation.
 Thank you very much for your attention.
 So this works well for our capital return policies.
 If I go, thank you very much for your questions. Let's move on to the next one, please.
 It comes from the line of Ignacio Ulari from BNP,
 for a past exam.
 Go ahead.
 Thank you very much for the presentation and for taking my questions.
 I have two questions. One is on MTA management and the strategy that you are having in terms
 of portfolio disposals and what so we expect into 2022 and also if you could also give
 give us a bit of a sense when these things and peers will peak because we are just waiting
 the iteration from the ICO being postponed. So there's a bit of color on NPLs and link
 into that the 60% coverage for across the cycle period looks high, so to what level
 to what level you think that the coverage could go down.
 And one question on the integration
 of the franchise with Bankia.
 I mean, when do you think, do you think that the second half of 22 will be just sort of
 like all completed in a way we could see the real strength
 of the franchise in terms of commercial at all speed,
 or we are already there now.
 Thank you, Racho, and let me address the questions I would say, first of all, on MPL management.
 I mean, I think fairly good trends, but we face a bump in the road, which is the eco-loan
 equal loan finalization of the moratoria or the sort of deferral of principle in mostly
 in the second quarter of this year.
 So, we're going to be very prudent until that happens.
 hands, I wouldn't expect any of us moving in the sense of being less conservative until
 at least the end of the second quarter,
 maybe the end of the third quarter, depending on how the whole thing evolved.
 But we have a big concentration in the second quarter.
 That's the first point. Second is all the information we have today, which is a lot, is fairly positive, fairly positive.
 We have indeed reclassified to a few or significant number of echolons that are still pain, but
 for sort of internal ratings, sectors they operate,
 I think they may move into NPL.
 So not every single non-payment that we have next year
 is going to mean an MPL, because we already have recognized quite a few, but I don't think
 If there is any upside, it will not prudent until this happens.
 I also take comfort from the fact that when we look to the monitor in the back we thought
 So we're going to have a significant impact on acid quality, and we managed, I wouldn't
 say pretty, I would say, extraordinarily well.
 So let's see how that goes, but I think we have to be positive.
 The peak for NPLs should be reached this year.
 I am not going to be able to tell you in which quarter, from our point of view, because it's
 It's going to depend, obviously, on what happens.
 So that may suggest third quarter of this year, but it also is going to depend on what
 do we do on the disposal of portfolios?
 We have been fairly successful in that generally, but when we look at, for instance, this fourth
 quarter with all the large portfolio. And again, we had a very positive results in terms
 of the level at which we saw clearly above the marks we had.
 that. So my expectation during 2022 is that we can be fairly successful with that strategy
 And hence, we're not only going to try and contain new entries, but we have, I think,
 opportunities to reduce non-performing loans in a significant manner, and as opposed to
 what we might have felt, I don't know, ten years ago after the big crisis, what we were
 see now is how it marks our very conservative and that leads into the
 63% coverage ratio, completely agree. It's not a normal level and that is the result
 among other things of our COVID, 1.4 billion research.
 and our BPA, particularly associated to the bankia transaction, which is around 400, but
 Anyhow, we can confirm that to you later.
 So yes, we have a very large coverage, instead of normal, ordinary cost of business, none
 of these would be there, because it would have runoff.
 But that doesn't mean we're going to release all these in a very short time, clearly not,
 But certainly, we are, as you say, very well provided.
 point in terms of where we are. I think if you look at the business, we have some business
 in which we are at 100% is shaped.
 That includes private banking, it includes CIB, it includes business, certainly the product
 factories, I think they have zero impact at this stage from the integration, generally
 is picking and then we have the retail network which is obviously the best
 the majority of the business where a lot of things have happened and the business has
 has been now integrated, but we still have to integrate 750 branches, so is there some
 impact from this process, obviously yes, we can try and do a good execution in integration,
 But when we moved 10 million clients from branches and we changed 6,000 people that
 Actually, we're managing client relations,
 So we change the different phase.
 This is a process which takes time, and the time that it takes to make sure we provide
 the right service, the right quality to our clients is obviously lower time that we had
 for other things so I would say we are almost there but during the first half
 of the year.
 We're still going to have the RETA network, I wouldn't say distracted, but focused on
 service, quality issues, making sure that we don't lose clients and that the business
 stays with us for the long term.
 throughout the year I would expect that this is going to mean that sort of by
 this summer, or the turn of the summer, we are really a hundred percent, absolute hundred
 percent all engines off the back.
 But again, a good number of them are already there,
 That's what I would emphasize when we look at the business of the private bank, etc.
 And there's a very large part of our business, even if it's retail, that is done with integrations
 where the integration is not very significant, because as you know, the geographical presence
 of overlap of Bankia and Kaiser Bank is focused on certain regions, Madrid, Valencia, the
 islands, some other places, and others have very limited impact, for instance, in North
 of Spain, or Western Anatolia, or Catalonia, et cetera.
 So we're going to have a very significant part of the bank
 at 100% it is being at 100% from the 1st of January and the rest of the retail is going
 to proudly get there during the first half of the year.
 Okay, Nacho, thank you very much. Let's move on to the next question, please.
 on the line of Maria Roberto from Best in Their Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, everyone.
 The questions, the first one is on the distribution of the shareback to bring down the capital
 to the target level, would you bring it down right to the target level or would you consider
 they're keeping up some sort of cushion.
 So what kind of questions should we have in mind?
 And the second question is, I know you're not giving any guidance for 2022, but, well,
 I mean, it's obvious that the outlook for NII, it's hard,
 or fake honey shoot ends, it may be better.
 So could you give us at least some sort of indication
 of how you see the net of these three in 2022 positive or negative.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mario. In terms of capital, clearly we're not going to bring it down to the target.
 we're saying closer to the target, not down to the target.
 And I think there is no decision taken on this, but I would say it is a reasonable assumption
 to think that around 12% would be the end point.
 But this is only an assumption, again, no decision has been taken.
 And on NII fees, etc., I am afraid it's going to be difficult to answer because we have
 decided that we need to give guidance for a three-year period and we're gonna do
 that in May. And at this stage, we're trying to be as helpful as we can in every single
 category.
 fairly more specific on cost because there, I think, is fair to you to say where we see
 things that are beyond the comments that we have made, I would say let's wait for the
 invest today in the second quarter.
 Apple will use for that, Mario.
 Okay Mayor, thanks for that and let's move on to the next one please.
 Thank you. From the line of Alvaro Serrano from Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 They're kind of a follow-up to it.
 Thanks very much for the detail on the moving part on the NII.
 I don't know if you can maybe sort of get some color on the sustainability fees because
 As we've seen, you've had a very strong Q4.
 I noted the comments from Javier saying that some of it is, I think it was 64 million
 or something like that.
 But obviously 21 was a very good year also in general in banking and then if you can share some thoughts
 if you don't want to share a number, but at least some thoughts on should it be sort of
 Accelerate and sort of slow down the constant stuff.
 So maybe it has to slow down, but put some thoughts there.
 and also with the IT integration now done,
 you've touched on and maybe some of the cross-selling can start coming through.
 The second question is on the buyback.
 It is fair to assume that the limitation, ultimately, will be that the credit area can't
 go about 40 percent, is that? Would that be the limit for?
 Thank you.
 I refer to Javier to give you a detail on fees.
 On the second point, I will not relate the limitation of the share by back to the ownership
 of any particular
 sort of shareholder, be it large or small.
 The limitation is going to be our capital position and our views, not just on the short-term
 but need long term, that's what he's going to be driving the decision, you know.
 Again, as I see, I've had it explained in 2022,
 was fairly positive in terms of capital creation as well. I am optimistic on that front, but
 There's nothing to do with the particular position of shareholders.
 On fees, how do you want to elaborate?
 Yeah, they're some color. Alvaro, hello.
 Well, you know that what is clearly supporting fees is asset management, no?
 It's a 1.4 billion revenue pool.
 This is a structurally growing business.
 we have done well, obviously market has helped,
 has been exceptional here on that front, but in terms of inflows, we don't think that
 we should have lower inflows than in any reason, why we should be having lower inflows than
 in 2021. So I think that we are quite upbeat on the evolution of this business. We think
 We are good at it, so we have really a very good franchise on the distribution of AOMs.
 And, well, we are quite a bit, as I said,
 you know, so the pace of inflows in our view will continue, you know.
 On non-life, on that front, we had a very strong end of the year, and there is a very strong focus, as you know.
 You know that, well, our commercial strategy there, the Mybox commercial offer, is doing
 extremely well.
 And now, obviously, gradually rolling out into former Bankia clients, so our view is very positive.
 So I think that I mentioned that we had some seasonality in the forequarter, also in this
 business but we should at least be able to try to repeat so I think that it's
 are growing, it's a growing business also. And then we have the larger world of recovering
 fish, on that front we are having the extra support of something that actually is in
 but it's the cast of the fish.
 We have had close to 90 million this year on castaway fees and our views that we can
 have something more.
 But clearly on that front, it's a fewer that is important, but the most important is that
 the fact that we have this strategy in place is shielding a little bit ourselves on the
 positive, and actually we have a negative observation that this is the case, that it's preventing
 clear depositing flow. And there is an area that is important, which is payments, no?
 In that area, we have had two consecutive summers that have been, let's say, much different
 than normal. And for us, the summary is important because part of the payment fee revenue pool
 is due to the use of ATMs, our ATMs, which have the largest park of ATMs in Spain, and
 in the same non-cashabank uses our ATMs,
 Obviously, we have a fee and, well, the summer for us is important with all foreigners using
 ADMs, et cetera.
 And also, hopefully, this is going to be a better summer also, despite we have already
 been observing an increase on the traffic in terms of the use of points of sale terminal
 Obviously, if we have a beta-samus vision, also this will help on that one, no?
 And at the end of the day, if lending improves, this ends up with fees also, because on mainly
 on the CIB wall, you have origination fees, et cetera.
 So this is also going to be providing support, no?
 So all in all, AOMs in our view is going to keep doing well.
 probably with a less support from the market than this year.
 who knows, but in terms of inflows, no less, this is our view and on non-life insurance
 also very good momentum, and not specifically fees, but I would like to mention also our
 for life insurance business, no?
 I displayed the chart of the quarterly evolution and it's clearly an upward trend and this
 This is in our view set to continue, and as you know, gradually rolling out also the revenue
 seen as isn't that wrong, that you know that is one of our key businesses.
 I hope this helps, sir. Thank you.
 Okay, thank you Alvaro. Let's move on to the next question, please.
 Question comes from the line of Carlos Cobbo from Societies General, please go ahead.
 Hello.
 Good morning.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 I wanted to, sorry if you touched on this already but if you could clarify a little bit more
 In terms of what are the one-offs related to the merger and other impacts, you reported
 something around 90 million in cost, but in the other provisions, non-credit and game
 and losses, there seems to be another 200 million roughly from, let's call it, unexpected
 lost its inconsensuses.
 Could you...
 playing a little bit more what that is and what is the breakdown.
 And then a quick question in the future about the business
 Should we adjust any potential penalty from the agreement with Mafrey?
 and also around this insurance business.
 Did you expect any positive impact on capital from the consolidation of Banque Avida under
 your own life company under the Danish compromise,
 Would that have any positive impact on CET1?
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Carlos, for your answers.
 Yes, it will have a positive impact in due course and with respect to the share-by-back
 and the penalties associated to the reorganization of insurance, I would say there's no relationship
 Okay, I'm sure by back
 We are saying it's going to be based on a capital access capital tier and bringing it down
 closer to our target capital. And there is no further impact. Obviously, it will work
 to have a view of issues, problems, capital threats in 2022.
 We will take that into account, but I am confident that that's not the case, as I said, the
 net of what we expect for 2022 in terms of capital generation, beyond the 60% payout
 50 to 60, but as you know we say 50 to 60, we will be accruing 60, beyond that we still
 expect significant capital generation in 2022, all in all.
 and we have perfect room to accommodate if we're unexpected surprises, if any caps.
 So, on the west side of Javier, maybe you can help me.
 Well, on what you mentioned about other provisions and other one, well, on other provisions XM&A,
 Similarly, similarly related, we had a problem approach to some legal issues, mainly related
 to foreign exchange mortgages, exposures, to revolving.
 And so we had a conservative approach towards that part.
 Also, we had a book on that front, an early retirement scheme
 in Portugal. So all this adds approximately 100 million to that part. So this is, as I
 they say, x, d, m, n, a, impact.
 And then I understand that probably it's a little bit complex, but we have quarter on
 quarter some some moves not so some changes no in other provisions we have
 the release and this is related to M&A. So we have the release of approximately 130 million
 that is now being assigned to another PNL line,
 which is gains and losses by approximately 100 million,
 and also two extra costs for the 25 million remaining.
 And additionally, we have on other provisions, 68 million from, I would say, this is advancing
 which is going to be the impact of branch structuring implemented into the first quarter
 that has already been booked as all our provisions,
 and that in use time will be assigned on other gains and losses.
 So this is, I understand, probably a little bit confusing
 but it's accounting rules and on that one I would only highlight that the total amount
 of charges is perfectly in line with the number, the figure initially announced, remember approximately
 2.4 billion of restructuring costs and we are there, so if you do the math for the year,
 So we are there, and as I mentioned, any remaining for 2022 is going to be non-material.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Carlos let's move on to the next one please it comes from the line of
 of another hill from Barclays.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
 I have a question about the insurance operations and the agreements which several clients have
 so there's nothing about them among the reader.
 If you can provide clarity on how this will be accounted into the PNL, which I see some
 kind of footnotes saying that it would be accrued during 10 years and if we can, if you
 You can just clarify how this will enter and debug with it will be great.
 And a follow-up question on mortgages, if I may.
 Can you please remind us what is the percentage backbook on fixed mortgages and variable mortgages?
 Thank you very much.
 If you want to, let's try and speed up because we only have nine more minutes and do we have
 more questions?
 We have two more questions on the queue.
 Thank you.
 Well, as you say, this amount is accrued over 10 years, and part of it is going to be used
 also to compensate the penalty to pay to MAFRE for the non-life business, okay, so this is
 that is also a group, so then you have a net of both things and remind that this is paid
 by
 the
 49.9% by cash-a-bank, thus as a consequence,
 It also has a negative impact on the equity accounted from Seville Casades.
 as you do, the net of all those impacts actually is not that large as it is over 10 years.
 And unfortunately, we still don't have a final view on which is going to be the final breakdown
 by piano because there are different moving pieces and unfortunately we are still working
 on it, and I am sure we will be able to inform once we announce the transport of results.
 I'm back to your question about the mortgage portfolio
 was consulting my notes.
 Well, I can give you the data for the overall portfolio, you know, but we have now at group
 level at 35% of the long book, and this is the long book, and at floating 65% and of
 The total loan book indexed to 12 months of driver, we have 42%, and then we have three
 month arrival 12% and six month arrival 7% so this is approximately the breakdown into
 So the mortgage portfolio, the percentage of floating to fix is a little bit lower, it's
 approximately 25% fixed and 75% floating.
 Thank you.
 And I know thanks for your question.
 Let's move on to the next question, please.
 Hey, come from the line of Borja Ramírez, please go ahead.
 Hello. Good morning. Thank you very much for your time. I have two quick questions.
 Especially, as a follow-up on the AUM growth, you could kind of provide a bit more detail
 on the outlook of the close of AOM.
 Did you see a...
 are increased in the conversion of the proceeds into ADM.
 And then my second question, it would be related to CAD.
 I saw an announcement that Kaishavank had launched the ESG advisory capabilities.
 I would like to ask if you could provide some details
 on the schedule for the future of the group.
 Thank you.
 I didn't understand the last one.
 So the question was on ESG advising people, what does the opportunity represent for the group?
 Oh, okay, fine.
 I'll start with that, what kind of things.
 Obviously ESG is a big, big driver.
 We actually did over 30 billion of ESG related funding for clients only in 2021.
 It's a moving environment, fast moving, and it's become integral part of what corporations
 have to do is to fund themselves, but also show that path towards that seat on the environmental
 side, and obviously a number of other considerations, both on environmental and on social.
 Having that dialogue is absolutely critical, and you look at EMEA sustainable funding last
 Here we were number six, we're first among the Spanish banks.
 We have a great DNA, a great team, and lots of early wisdom, not so early, but lots of
 very significant winds.
 We had, for instance, a growth of 41% in sustainable operations in 2021 vis-à-vis 2020, so a big
 opportunity, both for us in terms of how we position ourselves, have you made some comments
 about how sustainability unions look at us, and we are almost at the top, almost from
 from every dimension or from every A and C. Lots of things to do but plenty of opportunities
 And indeed, AOMs and conversion of the process
 obviously is part of the strategy, if ever you want to add any...
 Well, not much to that. I mentioned that it's, as you know, well, it's one of our key businesses.
 We have had 9 billion euros of inflows.
 I mentioned that we don't see less than this into 2022.
 We think that we do it well in the proper manner.
 You know that this is not about pushing, it's about the proper distribution, about advice,
 And we have, I think, that the most advanced advisory model in Spain, and, well, at the
 This is doing well, inflows every quarter, even in the worst quarters of 2020 when markets
 had such high volatility, we've had no outflows, so this already tells you that, let's say,
 at the setting process, the distribution process,
 advisory process has been done well.
 And just to reconfirm one more time,
 that is one of our key levels for webinars.
 Okay, thanks, Borja operator.
 Let's take one final question, please.
 Thank you.
 It's from the line of Martha Sanchez Romero from Banco for America.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much. Just a couple of quick ones. The first one on mortgages.
 What level of market share in new mortgage lending would make you confident
 My home campaign has been a success.
 you're currently around 10, 11%.
 And the second question is on capital.
 What has been the impact on Corequity Tier 1 from the evaluation of your pension liability
 this quarter, many things.
 Sure, on my home, again, it's not just about mortgages, so maybe we do greatly, or just
 half-gradely in mortgages, but there's plenty of consumer
 associated to that and plenty of insurance. So we don't want to define the success of my
 home by just the mortgage, the mortgage product. But it will contribute, so that's our key
 of view to a higher share of new production.
 We haven't made a target now of share of new protection, but I would say I think we have
 to be much closer to our sort of stock market share of mortgages than we are currently.
 That means a significant increase in new production, i.e. above 50 percent increase in new production
 action is something that we should be expecting for this year.
 Time will tell you, it will depend also on the market.
 But yes, a significant impact.
 I don't know the other one maybe, have you ever given?
 Yes, on pension I have read this, I was consulting my figures, but the impact of from market
 on pension liabilities has not been that large, so it's just a few at this point, so it has
 been an issue because at the end of the day, you know, that is about assets and
 and the viabilities have also revalued at market levels.
 This has not been initial at all, nor the Alco portfolio that you know that we have the
 major part of it
 accounted as hope to mature it, actually the available for sale or the portfolio with impact
 on fair values here is limited because you know that we had the longest standing view
 that deals should go up or should go up at some point.
 Thank you, Martin.
 Okay.
 That's all we have time for today. It's been a pleasure to host you one more quarter and thank you for watching and goodbye