 Good morning and welcome to CaixaBank's financial results presentation for the fourth quarter of 2021.
 I hope you and your loved ones are well.
 For today's presentation, we are joined by our CEO, Mr. Gonzalo Gortazar, and the CFO, Javier Pano.
 Please note that reported figures are affected by M&A impacts
 and do not include
 Q121 of Bankia.
 However, to
 facilitate comparisons we have also provided pro forma figures moving on
 Just a reminder that we aim to spend around 20 minutes, 30 minutes, sorry, for the presentation
 and 45 to 60 minutes available for Q&A after that.
 to participate in which
 you should have received instructions via email.
 Let me just end by saying that my team and I are available to take any calls after this presentation.
 and without further ado
 Let me hand it over to our CEO, Mr. Cortezan.
 Well, good morning. Thank you, Eddie, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today.
 I'll get directly into the highlights of the quarter and the year.
 It's a quarter where we conclude a year of integration, which has been obviously our
 main duty during 2021, but there's also a quarter where we
 find some very positive data had to do say in terms of our business first of
 on core revenues, core revenues, the whole year has been,
 a little contrast between NII,
 significant pressure associated to lower rates,
 and very strong performance in the fees and insurance revenue.
 And a quarter has been extremely, you see that 14% peak up quarter on quarter on our
 fee level.
 The fourth quarter being always a positive quarter from a seasonal point of view, but
 And certainly not to the extent that we have seen these years.
 So we're very satisfied with that performance.
 Our year has also been a year of success in all what has to do with one of our key business
 long-term savings with insurance, mutual pension funds. Year-on-year we have an increase in
 12.7 percent on comparable figures, obviously, excluding the impact of panchia, we include
 the impact it would be much, much higher, as you know.
 And in the fourth quarter, we've seen our lending book in consumer and business growing.
 1.8%
 quarter of a quarter, the tiny mortgages continues downward and abated, but we've seen
 and inflection.
 in consumer and business lending, which is quite notable, particularly in consumer business
 lending, I would have expected it also for seasonal reasons. Consumer was quite positive,
 I have to say.
 Cost of risk, very low.
 We have been improving our guidance on cost of risk during the year.
 and actually we haven't used the 1.4
 COVID reserve during the second half
 So, over 25 basis points of cost of risk for this year is quite notable.
 our NPR stays at the same level but
 The total amount of non-performing loss actually came down, the ratio is at 3.6 because obviously
 be leveraging this year so that's
 table.
 Capital has been also a positive factor throughout the year and also in this fourth quarter.
 We end the year with this 12.8% on a fully loaded basis, 13.2% if we include the IFRS 9
 transitional adjustment almost 500 basis points of MDA buffer and all this is
 allowing us to return
 to what we think is a generous capital return policy.
 We have fixed the payout for 2022 at the range of 50 to 60%.
 we have proposed the exact
 dividend at 14 cents
 and 63
 February for 2021, which will be decided by the General Meeting in April, and we have
 also announced our intention to implement a share-by-back program.
 We are at the beginning of the process, and we expect to complete the details of this
 program when we present our three-year plan during the second quarter.
 All you know, adjusted net income is close to $2.4 billion, obviously a much higher figure
 than last year, particularly because of the reduction of provisions.
 Diverger isn't going.
 Obviously, we have, after the fourth quarter, completed the majority of the various significant
 of steps that we have to take and I will highlight three. One is the three news, the IT integration
 you've you've seen the details already it went very well the departure of
 people are taking place according to schedule.
 By the end of this quarter, we would have had 70% of the people that are going to leave
 will be gone and in fact already now the figure is 60% so we're fairly well
 advance in the program and can confirm what continues to expect to deliver on
 the cost hearings that we have.
 And also the integration of branches, we've done almost half of the program before the
 year-end and during this quarter and next quarter, we expect it to be mostly done.
 So still work to do, but a lot that we have left behind at this stage and news of the
 quarter, including the news that we announced yesterday with respect to the agreement we
 reach with Mutua Madrileña to extend the joint venture on non-life to distribute through
 the banking branches where we have agreed to enough from payment or to receive enough
 from payment of 650 million euros,
 but also we agreed at the end of the year on the terms which will be acquiring Bankia Vida,
 the life insurance company
 where Muffet used to own 51% which is already a hundred percent owned by us,
 So, a very active quarter and very significant steps these estates completed.
 We keep very large market shares.
 You know those details around 25% and closer to 30% when we look at the business of long-term
 savings and basically leadership positions in almost every business that has to do with
 financial services.
 I wanted to say a few things.
 Thank you.
 words on BPI because it's now five years since we took control of BPI and we
 We haven't spoken that much about VPI in the last year.
 be in progress on integration, but BPA has had yet another extraordinary year.
 And when you look at the five-year history, I think the figures speak by themselves in
 in terms of the loan and client funds development
 with this 4.5 to 5.4 compounded annual growth rate,
 significant increase in market share approximately two points of market share
 gains in five years, which is quite notable, and you see the impact it's having in core
 revenues, core operating income, and most notable, core cost income ratio from the 65%
 area to the 54% of 2021, a continued and progressive decrease is a fantastic job that is being
 done by our people at BPI, obviously, with very positive indicators also of asset quality
 and capital.
 So I have to say we are very confident in what we're doing here.
 I think it also shows in the long term what an integration in the group can deliver for
 a large financial services company like VPI, and when we look at the integration of Bankia,
 although we're not going to be able to track the members
 on a separate basis as we're doing with Portugal for obvious reasons because we have consolidated
 Education Bank and Bankia, I think we have to be confident that the combined force of
 the group is going to deliver a very sound very promising the story but my
 congratulations a note to BPI. On the economy, we feel fairly positive, expecting 5.5% GDP
 growth for 2023.
 We're actually seeing the consumption being very resilient, even during this wave of Omicron.
 figures of domestic credit debit card spend in ATM withdrawals at 6%, very much in line
 than what we have seen in the previous months.
 So actual resilience here, and obviously there's a different interest rate outlook now, which
 which is very familiar to you.
 In this context, we're looking to the future with confidence.
 We are stepping up commercial initiatives as we progressively leave integration work behind.
 you've seen or may have seen
 some campaign on the home ecosystem called my home which we're conducting
 currently on his Wednesday
 for the whole year
 and I have
 the expectation that it will help us
 So obviously, in terms of new business, particularly on the mortgage side, but all sort of lending
 and other products associated to the home ecosystem.
 we're going to continue pushing our long-term savings strategy which is doing extremely well,
 As you know, the MyBox product, you'll see a few figures in the next pages, the focus
 on business payments and consumers.
 consumer.
 And obviously, it's the year where we want to start delivering on revenue synergies
 with Bankiano and you still have the figures there of different penetration of health insurance
 7 to 1, life risk insurance 2 to 1, and the difference in long-term savings between 24
 percent and 18 percent and there's more than that but those are probably the
 figures that are more
 easily understood.
 I said the fourth quarter is positive in consumer business.
 You have new lending production here, the consumer evolution is quite, I would say remarkable,
 percent growth quarter on quarter, and obviously also if you look at last year, 11 percent
 higher.
 It's a different trend than what we have seen, obviously, it's just a quarter.
 We need to see how this develops, but given a macro environment, we need to see how this
 I would be hopeful that this is something that can be sustained in the future.
 Maybe with some ups and downs, but can be sustained.
 Business Lending has been a very positive quarter here, there is again a bit more of
 of seasonal impact in every single year, but we've done actually very well.
 Just to remind you that we integrated the business side, CIV and business, very early in the process.
 They've been now working completely as one single entity since the summer, and I think
 were seeing some of that already
 in the results in the fourth
 Obviously, going forward, we have NGEU, which hopefully would also provide some tailwinds.
 Long-term savings is a total star, inflows double the level of last year, market share
 increasing again it's quite remarkable to see our market share increase when we
 have been so busy integrating the businesses and hopefully it's an
 education of rehab.
 Thank you.
 that we can deliver as we go forward
 that we're leaving the integration behind
 and obviously very significant pick-up in revenues.
 We're up to $620 billion in terms of customer funds, and as I said, that's 10.5% organic,
 But if we look at the long-term services, 12.7% organic growth.
 Obviously, markets have helped this year, but you see with over 9 billion of net inflows,
 we've been very active on this front. My box working very well, you see pick up
 for that.
 Thank you.
 it's a life risk and 95% if you look at non-life, it's a product that has a lot of traction
 within our commercial network and with our clients.
 So expect continued success from this strategy.
 Look at the P&L, big numbers obviously, contrast between NII down 5.8% and non-interest income,
 which is up by higher percentages, but obviously as those, the base effect, given that these
 are still lower numbers, means that core revenues are slightly down, 1%, as you can see.
 Again, good trends.
 certainly
 in the fourth quarter I would say
 very remarkable.
 The other piece of news in the P&L, sort of big picture, costs under control in line with
 our guidance and the significant reduction of loan loan charges.
 And I think here we have two effects.
 one is we've been very prudent in the past
 in terms of provision building, but the actual management of the NPL during 2021, the inflows,
 The monitoring of facet quality has been spectacular.
 It's been an area of focus.
 Thank you.
 And we continue to see, actually, the lowest numbers ever on the range of 1 to 90 days
 default which is
 usually not considered yet as non-performing long water, still seeing the lowest numbers
 that we have seen in the history
 including now, actually in January, which it tends to be a bad month.
 So very strong performance on that front.
 Obviously, you know, this year has been including a lot of extraordinary one-off.
 We've tried to separate those so that we have a clean net income, the Proforma 2.4 billion.
 And then the real net income, as reported, is 5.2, mainly up by the badwill and reduced
 by Rick.
 restructuring charges
 to conclude
 very strong
 balance sheet
 non-performing laws, as I said, stable in terms of ratio, down in terms of absolute numbers,
 coverage is high,
 cost of risk is low, capital is high and increasing.
 done completely with Embraer we have a significant headroom and liquidity
 numbers speak by themselves.
 So, with all this in mind, we've fixed the dividend to be proposed to the general meeting
 with a 50% payout as we communicated to the market.
 We propose a range of 50 to 60, and we are also, as I said, starting the process of our
 served by Black
 program. We have
 announced today the intention
 which was approved yesterday
 by the board to bring our Core Equity Tier 1 closer to the target level and this is obviously
 going to be subject to the approval of the ECB. Once we're done and we have the
 details of all these we will announce those to the market most likely again
 during our Capital Markets Day in the second quarter.
 And thank you very much, with that I will leave the floor to Javier.
 Okay, thank you, and good morning. Well, I will start making some brief comments on the balance sheet initially, on the loan book, the Alco, and also on our customer funds.
 On the loan book, well, better dynamics, as is commented, in terms of reproduction and consumer lending
 and corporates and SMEs.
 This has resulted into an increase of our loan book in those segments.
 still the leveraging on mortgages on that front i would say that looking into 2022
 I would say
 aiming to reduce the gap
 between the market share
 of the front book
 and the back book.
 also note that we have had some maturities in the public sector portfolio originated
 short on landing originate,
 that during
 last year.
 Finally, on this front, just to fully confirm that we have met the metrics for the TLTRO benchmark.
 Moving to the Alco, we have increased the size this quarter, last quarter, and in October
 We took advantage of a spike in yields to purchase some medium-term securities, 6 billion.
 as a consequence
 You may see that the metrics average life and duration grow slightly, but the maturity
 profile and the breakdown of the sovereign exposure, I would say that remains broadly
 and change it.
 No wholesale funding, no news, 85 basic points over six months arrival is what we are paying
 for our full self-finding course remember that this is swapped into floating and on customer funds i
 would rather focus on the central chart. It's already known, but I think it's remarkable in
 in terms of long-term savings, very positive market impacts, also inflows, 9 billion in
 in the year, every single quarter with positive inflows, 2 billion in the fourth quarter.
 And in terms of deposits, charging to approximately 37 billion, and, well, you know that we think
 that we still have some room to expand that figure, although this is clearly a measure
 that prevents further deposit growth.
 On the right-hand side, the most remarkable in my view is that the fact that the end-of-period
 balances
 and approximately
 up by 5% compared to the average of 2021.
 so this obviously offers
 some support to
 a few revenues on this business
 into 2022.
 And with this, let's move to the P&L.
 I would make some remarks
 on the quarter-on-quarter revolution, what has been commented.
 A very good performance in fees and insurance that has allowed us to have positive quarter-on-quarter
 core revenue evolution
 up by 2.8%
 On NII, pressure is still affected by lower asset yields and average volumes.
 On 5th, very good performance.
 I would call it seasonal, not extraordinary.
 We had a positive impact from success fees, but also on non-life we had a very strong
 fourth quarter on life insurance progressing as as I would say in line
 with our initial expectations and it has been a record-high quarter actually in
 in terms of revenues on this business.
 On costs, we are down by 1.9%,
 as we have already having the benefits of the cost savings
 from the restructuring plan.
 And on provisions in general, we have taken a product year-end approach.
 and we have
 added
 some extra provisions
 or model provisions
 And in terms of long-lost charges, at the end of the day, we end the year with this
 cost of risk at 25 basis points, that is below our initial guidance. On M&A impacts, well, you know that
 this is already ending, but this fourth quarter we still have some impacts on the positive
 side.
 mostly related to the disposal of the former payment business of Bankia to Comercia, and
 some restructurings related to the branch network.
 So the net impact of those M&A one-offs is 88 million, excluding those the fourth quarter
 pro forma net income has been 337 million euros.
 Now BPI, well, the long-term trends have already been commented by the CEO, but here looking into 2021, you see that this is continuing.
 core revenues up by 8%
 Costs very well contained at just over 1% as a consequence the operating leverage keeps improving with co-operating income up by more than 19%.
 Long growth across all segments with NPLs very well contained with an NPL ratio of 2.3% and with the bulk of the moratoria already behind us.
 With this, the achievable profit in Portugal this year, 170 million euros.
 Going into the detail, NII down 1.9% quarter on quarter.
 As you may see in the central chart, it's still everything related to clients that is
 driving it downwards impacted by lower average loan yields and also lower loan volumes but this time
 the Alco is starting to provide some support after the increase of the size of the portfolio,
 as you may see and on the right hand side you see the evolution of our
 our back-book deal that is down by two basis points to 161, still suffering the latest
 legs of rival repricings, and on the front book I would say you should not read too much
 into it this quarter as approximately 50% of the front book has been, is coming from
 CIV, obviously, at
 lower yields
 On fees, on fees, very good performance, 6.7% up for the year, 14% this quarter, even excluding the more volatile wholesale banking fees, up by more than 8% for the year.
 And you may see the breakdown.
 we are doing well across
 I would say all segments
 on the current banking fees with the support from corporate deposit charges on asset management.
 success fees
 have contributed
 this quarter, as I say, I don't call them extraordinary, I call them seasonal, so obviously
 we will do our best to repeat it.
 And on insurance distribution, strong focus during the quarter from the commercial point of view.
 also some revenue recognition during this fourth quarter.
 So, all in all, a very set of results on that part of the business, and we think that it's
 trend that, in our view, may continue.
 life risk on this front
 on the central chart what I was commenting
 initially no record high in terms of life risk revenue for 172 million you may see that this is
 a clear uptrend and you may see that there is some volatility or some seasonality better said
 during the year but anyhow a clear uptrend that in our view is said to continue and on the on the
 the right, you have the breakdown of the different impacts of the consolidation of Banque a Vida.
 You know, in the first column, what you may see is the P&L breakdown as it was in 2021
 with 49% ownership of Bankia Vida.
 This results into a pre-tax income of £109 million.
 And on the second column, for illustration purposes, you can see the situation that we have had.
 we had 100% of Bankia Vida
 resulting into an extra pre-tax income
 and obviously a different P&L breakdown.
 We wanted to disclose all this information because I think it may help you in order to project into 2022 and beyond.
 Costs, not much news here.
 we
 as I said, we have
 reduced cost by close to 2%
 This quarter, with the tailwind of the restructuring implemented that is affecting personnel costs,
 already 60% of the staff involved in the layoff has already left the bank,
 close to 4,000 people out of 6.5,000.
 We are planning to reach 80% of cumulative cost indices by 2022, and you may see some increase in depreciation as we continue with a strong CAPEX program, mainly related to IT.
 Finally, on the P&L, cost of risk, slightly higher end of the year loan loss charges,
 but this cost of risk
 at 25 basis points
 as commented
 and you may see the breakdown of the Lombok by stages.
 On stage two, a reduction of approximately $3 billion, which is related to lower overlays that are no longer needed, mainly for the moratoria exposures.
 Moving to the balance sheet.
 on the
 our MPL exposures
 You may see that the NPR ratio is pretty much stable at 3.6%, well below our initial guidance.
 The breakdown across the different segments, no major news, as you may see.
 In absolute numbers, 3.6 billion of NPLs, 400 million less.
 And, well, we have been active in the market with some NPL disposals, and we are happy
 to see that our marks are correct as we can dispose with any major P&L impacts as also
 that we keep our 1.4 billion COVID reserves unused.
 And in terms of credit quality on our moratoria portfolio
 or ex-moratoria portfolio, I would say that no major changes.
 So this is clearly doing better than our very initial expectations.
 And on ECOS, we have 38% of those already paying principal, and the major milestone
 here in May, June, when the major part of them will start paying principal.
 the coverage ratio pretty much stable at 63% by the end of the year.
 liquidity, no much to say,
 a very ample liquidity position
 you have here all the metrics
 I would only remark the net stable funding ratio at 154%, which is quite a remarkable figure.
 On MREL, we have an ample buffer, our ratio stands by the end of the year at 26.2% with
 an MDA over 400 basis points. We have been very active during the year in terms of funding across,
 you may see all asset classes and going forward the plan is to focus on the
 rollover of maturities and also on diversifying the investor base also issuing into foreign
 currencies.
 Well, you know well about our engagement with ESG principles, and this is now being reflected
 in a strong sustainability ratings. You have here a very detailed inventory, good qualifications
 in all those and the commitment of the management team
 to keep those improving.
 but obviously this is facilitating ESG issuances and as you may see we are the number one bank
 by ESG issuance for the second consecutive year and this is obviously to our plan going forward.
 And finally, capital. We have further reinforced our solvency.
 this quarter no major capital impacts from M&A
 Organic capital generation of 25 basis points, dividend on 81 minus 10.
 This results into a CT1 X-transitional IFRS 9 of 12.8% and when adding IFRS 9 transitional 13-17% and this is an NDA buffer that is almost at 500 basis points.
 So the tangible value per share has improved by 6% during the year, adding 22 cents, and
 well, as commented, the dividend percent that is going to be proposed to the general meeting
 of 1463 cents
 this meeting
 probably in the month of April
 on and that's it I think that with this we are done and we might be ready for
 questions. Thank you very much.
 Okay, thank you, Javier, and thank you, Gonzalo.
 As Javier said, it's now time to proceed to Q&A.
 So, operator, please proceed with the first question, including the name and company of the caller.
 We have a rather long queue, so just a reminder to everyone to keep your questions as brief
 as possible.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, to ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 And the first question comes from the line of Mark's mission from JB Capital. Please go ahead.
 Yes, hi, good morning.
 Thank you for the presentation
 and for allowing us to make questions.
 And I have three family.
 the first one is on capital
 I was just wondering if you could add more color and what the internal target for capital is.
 You've previously been guiding for 11 to 11.5% range, and I was wondering whether it has changed after the murder.
 The second is on NII.
 Now that you've rebuilt some ALCO and there are promising signs in Lombok growth, do you
 do expect first
 quarter of 22 to be the bottom of the NII, or perhaps the dynamics are somewhat better.
 And then the last one is a clarification on
 Thank you for the details on the extension of the agreement with Bankia.
 But we also heard from the press that Mutua has reached an agreement with El Corte Inglés.
 and I was wondering
 whether this will have any
 any effect whatsoever on your P&L.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much, Max.
 I will start with
 capital, we have
 not change our target for core equity tier 1, XI first time, it is 11 to 11 and a half,
 So our intention is to bring down the 12.8 towards our range.
 we haven't
 this state
 fix exactly at which point we will take it, is the beginning of the process, but clearly
 that is very significant headroom here.
 And I would also like to briefly mention that the agreement between Mutuo and El Corte Inglés,
 we know the public information around it. It is a good agreement for both parties.
 And for Segucasa, the SLAS is going to mean that it will be able to increase its sales
 on the health side
 because all the health business
 of mutual groups
 That should be positive, but I cannot quantify it, I think, in the sort of broader picture
 for Kaiserman is not going to have a material impact, but if any, there should be positive
 Thank you for the interest.
 MR.
 With respect to NII, Javier, you may want to address that one.
 Okay, Max, thank you.
 on NIA, let me elaborate.
 I think that probably this answers
 plenty of questions
 Well, now it looks increasingly likely that the TOTO raw funding benefit is ending by
 by June, so the CV didn't give clear signs that this would be rolled over.
 It's true that they suggested that potentially the amount of balances subject to teething could be revised upwards.
 I think that it's important also to know which may be the impact from this and how the teething
 is six times
 the
 minimum reserve requirement
 and there is some market talk
 that this can be increased
 by two times
 so doubled. In this case, the impact for Casabank will be approximately 100 million years just
 to have this number.
 So that part is uncertain, what may happen.
 Then you have, as we gave the breakdown of the different impacts now from Banquia Vida,
 you saw that in 2021 we would have had a positive impact on NII of 88 million euros.
 so you when making
 forecast for NII.
 you need to take this into consideration.
 So, setting aside all this UV noise, because it's difficult to predict what may end happening,
 I can now confirm that the trap on NII is going to be in the first quarter, so we may
 have some negative delta in the first quarter from the fourth quarter, but it's going to
 be lower than the negative delta that we have had in the fourth quarter from the third quarter.
 This has to do with lower day count, still some negative arrival resets that still are
 are filtering into the first quarter now, but from there, in our view, setting aside,
 Everything that may happen from DCB, organically I would say, we should see the trough in the
 first quarter. It's about, as you said, a long book that is improving gradually, and
 I already mentioned that it's our aim to reduce the gap in mortgages between the market share
 of the front book and the back book, and obviously this is going to be a gradual process, but
 And this may help, and the positive dynamics that we are seeing also in terms of consumer
 lending and corporate international lending also will help to have, in our view, at least
 a flat-ish loan book into next year, and this obviously will help.
 On the anchors where we have upside, I made comments some time ago that the size of the
 portfolio could reach a level of up to 15% of our assets and this is quite a large amount,
 now it's approximately 90 billion obviously we are not going to be there in one go it
 It will be very market-dependent, depending on the pace of increase in yields, long-term
 yields, the shape of the yield curve, we'll see, so we don't have a preset view on this.
 We are going to diversify the portfolio also, other than on Spanish government bonds, and
 And obviously, this offers plenty of upside, because we have plenty of liquidity to deploy.
 market help, which it looks increasingly likely that this is the trend, obviously, this offers
 upside.
 I would like to mention our sensitivity to higher rates.
 Now, obviously, the market is already discounting that 12-month arrival is going to be at zero by the end of this year.
 Who knows, but it's clear what in the other side of the Atlantic, which is the approach,
 I don't know what DCB will decide, but I think that at least is the first time that things
 are moving for real.
 And you know that our sensitivity is quite high in that sense and an upward move of 100
 basis points in yields would result into an improvement of NII between 20% and 25% depending
 on the different assumptions
 you make, because you need to make
 24 sanctions to this
 in terms of shift of deposit
 site account into repo
 and to the deposits, etc.
 hope this helps
 We are not giving today specific guidance because, as you know, we are working on our long-term strategic plan,
 obviously in due time
 and in this spring
 when we reconvene
 for the investor day
 will give you a detailed
 detailed figures, not only for 2022, but also for longer term.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you, Max.
 I hope that answers your question.
 Let's move on to the next question, please, operator.
 And of Sophie Peterson from JP Morgan, please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi, here is Sophie from JP Morgan.
 and thank you for taking my question.
 So, just to follow up on net interest income, in terms of the TRCRO,
 Remind us how much you have maturing in 2022 and confirm that it's accrued at 100 basis
 points and kind of what the NILI headwind you expect from this and then my
 The second question would be kind of on the cost of inflation.
 you're doing roll
 on the restructuring, but how should we think about
 kind of underlying cost inflation for 2022, should we expect kind of to see some higher
 wages and could you just remind us
 when you do the wage negotiations in Spain.
 And then just the final question on fee income, how sustainable are the good of
 you?
 the growth in fees that we saw in the fourth quarter.
 I know you mentioned that it's not a one-off, but it was exceptionally high this quarter.
 How should we think about the growth going forward?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Sophie.
 Good morning.
 I leave TLTRO for Javier
 is his favorite
 well it's so relevant for all of us
 cost inflation
 obviously
 close to something
 we can have a higher definition of visa stage as we control more variables on cost.
 I would say first we are on track with respect to the synergies that we announced for 2022, 645 million.
 I think this is fairly safe.
 is mostly related to staff departures so at this stage that's something that you
 need to incorporate.
 You need to incorporate some accounting impact basically from the acquisition of Bankia Vida.
 I've seen those numbers in the presentation,
 explained as approximately 30 million 31 million from consolidating Bankia Vida that's obviously
 going to have a significant and positive impact on revenues, but it also has an impact on
 costs and then there is a with respect to the comparison between twenty two and
 21, not necessarily
 for the future and obviously we're going to work hard and making sure the cost
 inflation is contained over the three-year period that we will be discussing in our Capital
 Market Day.
 But for 2021 to 2022, we're going to have the reversal of some savings that are related
 to the lower level of activity in 2021 associated to the various COVID waves and that is something
 that is going to impact our cost base the comparison between 2022 and 2021. Keeping all
 With all this in mind, what we expect is that we will have a cost base this year, 2022,
 between 5.9 and 6 billion so that is what I would say at this stage that is
 It's going to also depend on a number of variables, including the evolution of the pandemic.
 But I would say, on the cost side, that estimate of being between 5.9 and 6 billion is what
 I would like to share with you now.
 Now, beyond the TLTRO fees, and Javier will complement, but obviously fees and insurance
 are key towards that
 the way we've been
 And working this year gives me a lot of confidence that we have a significant potential here.
 have had an extraordinary fourth quarter with some performance fees and a very
 good sort of also on the non-life levels of commercialization.
 I have to say, to be honest, my expectation, but certainly my aspiration is that we keep
 repeating very strong fourth quarter this year, next year, because the strategy was
 following should lead to that destructively.
 Obviously, there will be ups and downs.
 The market is going to be the major factor, but obviously we're going to go back to a
 a lower level as we exclude some of these performance and special incentives that we
 achieving in the fourth quarter, but why not? Our aspiration has to be to repeat
 those quarter of next year and the fourth quarter of 2023 and onwards and Javier maybe you can also
 compliment me on this and discuss it with you.
 Yes, on physios to complement.
 I know it's already, we made a comment on the presentation,
 But what we can call seasonal for this four quarters, I mean this excess in terms of AOM fees due to success fees and also outperformance in terms of non-life is approximately 65 million.
 but I insist
 This is not an extraordinary seasonality and as the CEO was commenting, our aim is to be
 be able to repeat. On TLTRO, just to be more specific, TLTRO is not ending. What is ending
 is the funding benefit of minus one percent so we have basically funding at minus one and we are
 depositing those proceeds at minus 50 so we are making a 50 basis points carry and this is affecting
 80 billion 80 billion at group level so the maths are simple this is 400 million per year so this
 This is ending in June, theoretically, unless GCB says the contrary, so for the year the
 In fact, it's half this, which is 200 million euros, rough numbers, or a little bit less.
 But, well, that's it, no?
 And as I say, clearly the CV hinted that they could, I would not like to use the word,
 but compensate the not rolling over this facility with an increase of the balances
 affected to tiering, deposited at zero, and we'll see, we have an ECB meeting next week,
 we probably will have further information thank you sophie okay sophie thank you very much let's
 Let's move on to the next question, please.
 Thank you.
 Next question from the line of Britta Smith from Autonomous, please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi there. Good morning. I've got a few questions. One is just a clarification on the net interest income, essentially guiding to a less than 2% decline, Q1, Q1, but does that include consolidation of the insurance business of around 20 or so million?
 Another question I have is from the cost of risk outlook for 2020, is there any idea that
 you can give us relative to 2021 in terms of credit cost of risk performance and maybe
 clarification
 there were quite a few acid biodons linked to the commercial networks
 scattered across several lines in Q4.
 Is there anything more that we should expect in these lines?
 Thank you
 Thank you, Britta. And I just mentioned on the cost of risk, we have had a very positive 2021 and actually expect 2022 to be equally positive.
 So at this stage, and we tend to be fairly conservative on these things, as you know,
 I would say loan loss charges, our expectation is for them to be in line with this year around 25 basis points.
 And again, I will emphasize that we tend to be conservative on these matters.
 We have 1.4 billion of unused COVID reserve.
 And at this stage, when I look at the state of the economy, what I mentioned in terms of sort of late payments that we're seeing, the status of the market expectations, GDP actually came just an hour ago, above our expectations, I think we have upside here, clearly, no?
 Javier, maybe you can take home again NII and all that.
 And I want to be more specific.
 What I said is that the TRAF is ex-TLTRO, to be clear, or the ECB actions is expected
 to be in the first quarter with a negative delta lower than the negative delta we have
 had in the fourth quarter.
 but that's probably...
 this may be less than this minus 2%
 quarter and quarter that you mentioned
 And yes, Banque a Vida and I will be included because it's already consolidating since the
 1st of January.
 restructuring charges. I would say that
 in general
 on restructuring charges
 We are almost done.
 We may have still some, I would say, non-material M&A impacts on the P&L this year, so it's
 It's still difficult to see if we are at the end, but as I say, clearly non-material and that's it.
 So in terms of restructuring, you know that we have early providing for what is coming
 in the following quarters, so we think that on that front we are almost done.
 Thank you.
 Okay, Brita, I hope that does answer your questions.
 And with that, let's move on to the next one, please.
 Thank you.
 Next question from Francisco Riquel, please, from Elantra, please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning
 two questions for me
 first one
 You can give more color in terms of long growth, in Spain in particular, you mentioned flattish, I guess for the group.
 And so, if you can update on your mortgage strategy,
 recently launched, I saw a new commercial offer in my home.
 What would it bring?
 And just the city leverage, I guess, the front book you mentioned,
 crossing the gap would still be negative.
 The seasonal pickup, the pickup we have seen in consumer, in corporate lending, whether this is seasonal or you see this is a changing trend.
 The next generation funds seems to be a slow process, so a bit more color on long growth by category, if possible.
 And second, on capital, you can update on the outlook for the build-up,
 If any, in 22, any type of risk with asset inflation, regulatory headwinds left,
 M&A impacts the reorganization of the Insurance Act, corporations, or any other impact you may highlight. Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Paco.
 and let me start maybe giving you some
 color on what we see on the credit side and Javier can take it on RWA and Capital, I anticipate
 we expect to have another
 positive, clearly positive year
 in 2022 in terms of build up
 of capital
 but Javier I'm sure will elaborate
 on that
 On the lending side, we feel it's going to be a reasonable year for the sector and a good year for us.
 taking the
 sort of
 category by category
 Housing has been slightly positive, it seems, with the figures I have for this year for
 the sector and should
 I think, continue that trend for 2022, we're expecting a slight growth just below 2% for
 the sector and the housing credit.
 On our side, we are clearly going to try to increase our share of new production.
 We have seen a signal.
 Thank you.
 reduction during 2022 with I think a study that we felt good about it being
 in selective discipline in terms of price, and certainly, I think, very conservative
 from a sort of asset quality point of view
 and making sure that the mortgages that we give today
 continue to be good for their total life.
 We have launched this campaign, my home, at the beginning of the year again.
 This campaign is not just about mortgages, but it includes mortgages.
 It's my home, it's the ecosystem, and we are offering quite a lot of things for this ecosystem.
 and we're offering obviously protection within our MyBox study.
 we are offering funding of refurbishing reforms,
 were offering funding of electronics associated to the home, which, as you know, we also distribute
 to our Webuy sort of marketplace.
 we are
 including in these also some mobility elements are going to and from your home
 So it's a whole pack.
 But we think that we have the mortgage product, Casa Facil, which we have commercialized with a lot of success.
 But we are clearly putting incentives and the attention of our people, given the growth
 that we're seeing in this part of the business
 to be more active.
 obviously
 pricing is part of that and we're going to be slightly more aggressive on that front
 because the market is going to levels that are very competitive.
 but it's not just about
 changing our pricing
 strategy is changing or focusing on on that ecosystem where we think we can
 play a pivotal role. No, we still have 26% of market share in mortgages, but in terms
 of our client penetration in Spain with our 19 million clients we have a big
 big reach and we want to build a whole ecosystem and again this is not going to
 be a one-off campaign that we have for a month or a month and a half this is
 going to be a permanent push during the whole year, one of our main targets.
 As a result of that, we expect that a new lending is going to be able to be able to
 is gonna increase significantly from the levels of 2022.
 We've seen that in the fourth quarter, and actually the fourth quarter has been particularly
 difficult because of the integration we're starting to see the success and
 and the growth during the month of January on the mortgage side.
 So, again, significant increase for us.
 Does that mean we're going to increase our market share of stock?
 I would say unlikely.
 I would expect to see
 because our
 book is very mature
 very seasoned, and we're going to have higher
 amortization and the average of the market, I would still expect a slight reduction of
 market share but certainly
 very different from what we have seen in 2021 and before.
 On consumption, we're fairly optimistic.
 I think this is going to be growing gradually during the year.
 We have had a fantastic fourth quarter.
 I think there, even though it's difficult and too early to look at the proper comparison,
 and to know that we compare apples with apples with the rest of the market.
 But my feeling is that we've done clearly better on the market in the fourth quarter.
 and my expectation is that we can continue to do so.
 but we'll have to see
 how the year evolves
 the census
 pent-up demand and the normalization of life, hopefully post at least intensive phases of
 COVID should be very helpful.
 And on the business front, again, we're in pretty good shape.
 and I...
 The same way we expect businesses to be aided by next generation EU funds, but still with
 plenty of liquidity, I think we're in good shape and we should be at least maintaining
 in our market share, but certainly our aim would be to increase the market share.
 In the NGEU fund, it is true that they haven't yet made an impact to the business, but that's
 that is coming, it's coming gradually,
 but it's getting closer
 And obviously, we see that during this year, it is going to have an impact.
 We actually were saying for a while that it was going to be back-loaded in 2021.
 In fact, it's not been backloaded, it's been moved to 2022, but we're going to see that
 impact this year.
 So when we look at that, that's why Javier had comments that make us pretty positive
 on that inflection point
 on the overall loan book
 because I can see why we're going to be doing better across the three categories.
 I mean 2021, Javier.
 Hi, Paco. On capital, yes, on, let's say, pending M&A and regulatory impacts, I would say that the net is going to be in neutral.
 on M&A
 we will have some
 still pending positives and negatives
 that are going to be
 broadly compensate each other.
 On the regulatory front, we have also positives and negatives.
 We have the convergences of internal models of Bankia to, let's say, the cash bank models.
 we have also
 some limitations in place
 in some portfolios
 in terms of risk-weighted assets due to some internal inspections that are going to be
 released during the year, these are positives, then we have the potentially, it's not clear,
 fully if the rollout of IRB models in Portugal is going to be this year or next, but anyhow,
 Now, as you see, positives and negatives, it's not clear to me every single quarter
 when we will have the positives and the negatives, but not that large in any case.
 So the end result for the year is pretty much neutral.
 We are having now the view that risk of asset inflation due to rate immigration is going
 be very moderate and this is not going to be a material issue so according to our comments about
 the positive evolution in general about credit quality and and that is also a year where we
 We think that we will continue generating capital organically, despite having raised
 the day out ratio
 to 50 to 60
 and you know that
 what would be accrued
 will be the upper bound, the 60, this is what the regulation requires.
 so in our view
 still a year with
 with a strong capital generation
 and
 So this worked well for our capital return policies.
 Okay, Paco, thank you very much for your questions.
 Let's move on to the next one, please.
 It comes from the line of Ignacio Ullarhi from BMP Freepass Exam.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much for the presentation and for taking my questions.
 I have two questions. One is on MTL management and the strategy that you are having on in terms of portfolio disposals and what should we expect into 2022.
 And also, if you could also give us a bit of a sense when do you think NPS will peak,
 because we have been just waiting
 the iteration from the ICO being postponed.
 so yes
 a bit of color on NPLs, and linked to that, the 60% coverage for across the cycle period
 high so to what level do you think that the coverage could go down and one question on the
 integration of the franchise
 with Bankia.
 Do you think that the second half of 22 will be just sort of like all completed
 In a way, we could see the real strength of the franchise in terms of commercial at all speed, or we are already there now.
 Thank you, Rachel, and let me address the questions.
 I would say first of all
 on NPL management, we're having, I think, fairly good trends, but we face a bump in
 the role, which is the eco-loan, the finalization of the moratoria, or the deferral of principle
 in mostly in the second quarter of this year so
 We're going to be very prudent until that happens.
 happens, and hence I wouldn't expect news of us moving in the sense of being less conservative
 until at least the end of the second quarter,
 maybe the end of the third quarter, depending on how the whole thing evolves.
 we have a big concentration in the
 second quarter. That's the first point.
 Second is all the information we have today, which is a lot, is fairly positive, fairly
 positive.
 indeed reclassify into S3 a few or significant number of ecolons that are still paying, but
 for a sort of internal rating, the sectors they operate,
 We think they may move into NPL.
 So not every single non-payment that we have next year is going to mean an NPL because
 that we already have recognized quite a few,
 but I don't think there is any upside
 if we're not prudent until this happens.
 And I also take comfort from the fact that when we looked at the moratorium in the past,
 thought that we're going to have a significant impact on asset quality and we managed I wouldn't
 say pretty, I would say, extraordinarily well. So let's see how that goes, but I think we
 have to be positive.
 peak for NPLs should be reached this year.
 I am not going to be able to tell you in which quarter
 from our point of view
 because it's going to depend obviously on what happens with Ecolon, so that may suggest
 third quarter of this year, but it also is going to depend on what do we do on the disposal
 of portfolios.
 We have been fairly successful in that, generally, but when we look at it, we have been very
 at, for instance, this fourth quarter, we saw the large portfolio.
 And again, we had a very positive result in terms of the level at which we showed clearly
 above the marks we had.
 so
 my expectation
 during 2022 is that we can be fairly successful with that strategy and hence
 we're not only going to try and contain the new entries, but we have, I think,
 opportunities to reduce non-performing
 loans.
 in a significant manner
 And as opposed to what we might have felt, I don't know, 10 years ago after the big crisis,
 what we're seeing now is our marks are very conservative and that leads into the
 the 63% coverage ratio.
 completely agree
 It's not a normal level.
 and that is the result
 among other things of our COVID 1.4 billion reserves and our PPA, particularly associated
 to the Bankia transaction, which is around 400,
 But anyhow, we can confirm that to you later.
 So, yes, we have a very large coverage instead of normal, ordinary cause of business.
 none of these would be there, because it would have a runoff.
 That doesn't mean we're going to release all these in a very short term.
 Clearly not, but certainly we are, as you say, very well provided.
 second point in terms of where we are
 I think
 if you look at the business
 So we have some business in which we are at 100% in shape, and that includes private banking, it includes CIB, it includes business, certainly the product factories.
 I think they have
 zero impact at this stage
 from the integration.
 generally speaking. And then we have the retail network, which is obviously the vast majority
 of the business where a lot of things have happened and the business has been now integrated
 but we still had to integrate 750 branches.
 So is there some impact from all of this process?
 Obviously, yes, we can try and do a good execution
 integration but when we move 10 million clients from branches and when we change
 6,000 people that actually were
 managing client relationship that would change a different phase, this is a process which
 takes time and the time that it takes making sure we provide the right service
 the right quality to our clients is obviously lower time that we had for
 other things.
 So I would say we're almost there, but during the first half of the year, we're still going
 to have the retail network, I wouldn't say
 distracted, but focused on service quality issues, making sure that we don't lose clients
 and that the business stays with us for the long term.
 the year I would expect that this is going to be a new year.
 Thank you.
 to mean that by the summer, turn of the summer, we are really 100 percent, absolute 100 percent,
 engines of the back.
 But again, a good number of them are already there, and that's what I would emphasize when
 We will look at the business of the private bank, et cetera.
 and
 that's a very large part of our business
 even if it's retail, that is done with integrations or where the integration is not very significant
 because, as you know, the geographical presence of overlap of Bankia and CaixaBank
 is focused on certain
 So, Rios, Madrid, Valencia, the islands, some other places, and others have very limited
 impact, for instance, the north of Spain, or western Andalusia, or Catalonia, et cetera.
 So we're going to have a very significant part of the bank at 100%.
 it has been at 100%
 from the 1st of January
 and the rest of the retail
 is going to gradually get there during the first half of the year.
 Okay, Nacho, thank you very much.
 Let's move on to the next question, please.
 Thank you.
 He comes from the line of Mario Ropero from Best Inver Securities.
 please go ahead
 Hi, good morning, everyone.
 Two quick questions.
 The first one is on the distribution, well, the server back to bring down the capital to the target level.
 would you bring it down right to the target level
 or would you consider keeping some sort of cushion?
 If so, what kind of cushion should we have in mind?
 And the second question is, I know you're not giving any guidance for 2022, but, well,
 I mean it's obvious that the outlook for NII it's it's hard and for fish and
 insurance may be better.
 So could you give us at least some sort of indication of how you see the net of these three in 2022, positive or negative?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mario.
 In terms of capital, clearly we're not going to bring it down to the target.
 We're saying closer to the target, not down to the target.
 and I think
 There is no decision taken on this, but I would say it is a reasonable assumption to
 think that around 12 percent would be the the end point but this is only an
 An assumption, again, no decision has been taken.
 taken.
 on N.A.I.
 fees, etc., I am afraid
 it's going to be difficult to answer because
 We have decided that we need to give guidance for a three-year period, and we're going
 to do that in May, and at this stage, we're trying to be as helpful as we can in every
 single category.
 being fairly more specific on cost because I think it's fair to you to say where we see
 things, but
 be on
 the comments that we have made, Javier,
 I would say let's wait for the investor
 in the second quarter.
 I apologize for that, Mario.
 Okay, Mario.
 Thanks for that, and let's move on to the next one, please.
 Thank you. From the line of Alvaro Serrano from Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning.
 they're kind of
 follow up to
 Thanks very much for the detail on the moving parts on the NII.
 I don't know if you can maybe feed, because we've seen you had a race from Q4.
 I noted the comments from Javier saying that some of it is, I think it was 64 million or something like that season.
 But obviously 21 was a very good year also in general in banking.
 share some thoughts
 you don't want to share a number, but at least some thoughts on should it be sort of accelerating
 sort of slow down the
 Comps is tough, so maybe it has to slow down, but put some thoughts there.
 and obviously with the IT integration now done,
 we've touched on it,
 maybe some of the cross-selling can start coming through.
 And the second question is on the buyback.
 Is it fair to assume that the limitation ultimately will be the criteria can't go above 40%?
 is at, would that be the limit?
 Thank you.
 I refer to Javier
 to give you a detail on fees. On the second point I will not relate the
 limitation of the server back to the ownership of any particular sort of
 shareholder being large or small.
 Now, the limitation is going to be our capital position
 and our views on
 not just on
 on the short term
 but need long term, that's what is going to be driving the decision.
 again, as I see
 and Javier explained 2022 as fairly positive in terms of capital creation as well.
 I am optimistic on that front, but there's nothing to do with the particular position
 of the, of the, of the, of the shareholders, no?
 On fees, Javier, you want to elaborate?
 There is some color, Álvaro, hello.
 Well, you know that
 what these
 is clearly supporting fees, is asset management, no? It's a 1.4 billion revenue pool. This
 This is a structurally growing business.
 have done well obviously market has helped has been exceptional here on that front but in terms
 of inflows we don't think that we should have lower inflows than in any
 reason why you we should be having lower inflows than in 2021 so i think that
 We are quite a bit on the evolution of this business.
 we think
 is, we are good at it, so we have really a very good franchise on the distribution of
 AOMs and
 And, well, we are quite upbeat, as I say, you know, so the pace of inflows, in our view, will continue, you know.
 On non-life, on that front, we had a very strong end of the year.
 there is a
 a very strong focus, as you know.
 you know that well
 our
 Comercio de Estrategia Verde
 The MyBox commercial offer is doing extremely well.
 Now, obviously, gradually rolling out into former Bankia clients.
 So, our view is very positive, so I think that – I mentioned that we had some seasonality
 in the fourth quarter, also
 in this business, but
 we should
 at least
 be able to
 to try to repeat.
 so I think that it's a growing
 it's a growing business also and and then we have the larger world of recurrent fees on that front
 we are having the extra support of something that actually is NII, but it's the custody
 fees.
 had close to 90 million this year on custody fees, and our view is that we can have something
 more
 but clearly on that front
 It's a figure that is important, but the most important is that the fact that we have this
 strategy in place is shielding a little bit ourselves on deposit influx, and actually
 we have anecdotal observation that this is the case, that is preventing a clear deposit
 of information.
 and there is an area that is important
 which is payments, no?
 and on that area
 we have had two consecutive
 summers that have been, let's say, much different than normal, and for us the summer is important
 because part of the payment fee revenue pool is due to the use of ATMs,
 our ATMs which have the largest part of ATMs in Spain.
 and when
 let's say non-cashabank
 uses our ATMs
 obviously we have
 a fee and
 And, well, the summer for us is important with all foreigners using ATMs, et cetera.
 So, hopefully, this is going to be a better summer, also, despite we have already been
 observing an increase on the on the traffic in terms of the use of point of
 off-sale terminals etc
 obviously we have
 a better sandwich season
 also this will help on that phone.
 And at the end of the day, if lending improves, this ends up with fees also, because mainly
 on the ECAV wall you have
 origination fees etc so this is it's also going to be providing support so
 So, all in all, AUMs, in our view, is going to keep doing well, probably with less support
 from the market than this year who knows no but but in terms of inflows no less this is our view
 and on non-life insurance also very good momentum and not specifically fees but I would like
 to mention also our life insurance business, that I displayed the chart of the quarterly
 evolution, no, and it's
 clearly an upward trend.
 And this is, in our view, set to continue, and as you know, gradually rolling out also
 the revenue signals is on that front
 that you know that is one of our key businesses.
 Hope this helps, Alvaro. Thank you.
 Okay, thank you, Alvaro. Let's move on to the next question, please.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from the line of Carlos Cobo from Société Générale. Please go ahead.
 Hello.
 Good morning, and thank you for the presentation.
 wanted to, sorry
 but there's a lot of people here,
 verify a little bit more in terms of what are the one-offs related to the
 merger and other impact. You reported something around 90 million in costs, but in the other
 other provisions, non-credit and gains and losses, there seems to be another 200 million
 roughly from, let's call it unexpected losses in consensus, could you explain a little bit
 what that is
 and what is the breakdown.
 then a quick question
 chat about the
 Please, I'll share by Bart.
 Should we adjust any potential penalty from the agreement with MUFRE?
 and also around this insurance business,
 Did you expect any positive impact on capital from the consolidation of Bankia Vida and your own life company under the Danish Compromise?
 Will that have any positive impact on C21?
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Carlos.
 the answer is yes, it will have a positive impact
 in your course
 and with respect to the share-by-back and the penalties associated to the reorganization
 of the insurance, I would say there's no relationship.
 Again, share buyback, we are saying it's going to be based on capital, excess capital at
 year-end, bringing it down closer to our target capital, and there is no further impact.
 obviously if we were to have a view
 of issues, problems,
 capital threats in 2022, we will take that into account.
 but I am confident
 that's not the case. As I said, the net
 of what we expect
 for 2022 in terms of capital generation
 beyond the 60% payout or 50 to 60.
 but as you know, we'll say 50 to 60
 we will be accruing 60. Beyond that, we still expect significant capital generation in 2022,
 all in all, and we have perfect room to accommodate if we are unexpected surprises, if any camps.
 On the west, Javier, maybe you can help me.
 Well, on what you mentioned about other provisions
 on other provisions
 XM&A
 Seminary related, we had a broad approach to some legal issues, mainly related to foreign exchange mortgages, exposures, to revolving.
 So we had a conservative approach towards that part.
 also we had a book
 on that front
 an early retirement scheme in Portugal.
 So all this adds approximately 100 million to that part.
 So this is, as I say, X, the M&A impacts.
 And then I understand that probably it's a little bit complex, but we have quarter on quarter some moves, some changes.
 in other provisions we have the release
 This is related to M&A, so we have the release of approximately 130 million that is now being
 tested.
 signed to another P&L line, which is gains and losses by approximately 100 million and
 and also to extra costs for the 25 million remaining.
 And additionally, we have on other provisions, 68 million from, I would say, this is advancing
 which is going to be the impact of a branch restructuring implemented into the first quarter
 that has already been booked as other provisions,
 and that in due time will be assigned on other gains and losses.
 So this is, I understand, probably a little bit confusing, sorry, but it's accounting
 rules.
 And on that front, I would only highlight that the total amount of charges is perfectly in line with the number, the figure initially announced.
 remember approximately 2.4 billion
 of
 restructuring costs
 and we are there
 So if you do the math for the year, so we are there.
 And as I mentioned, any remaining for 2022 is going to be non-material.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you, Carlos. Let's move on to the next one, please.
 Thank you. It comes from the line of Hernando Gil from Barclays. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 I have a question about the insurance
 operations and the agreements reached with several contractors last invite
 I'm going to read that.
 I don't have a, you can provide clarity on how these will be accounted into the P&L,
 because I see some kind of footnote saying that it would be accrued during 10 years.
 And if you can just clarify how this will enter and be continued, that would be great.
 Great. And a follow-up question on mortgages, if I may.
 Can you please remind us what is the percentage back book on fixed mortgages and variable mortgages?
 Thank you very much.
 Harriet, if you want to, let's try and speed up because we only have nine more minutes.
 and do we have more questions?
 We have two more questions on the queue.
 Well, as you say, this amount is accrued over 10 years, part of it is going to be used also
 to compensate
 the penalty
 to pay to
 MAFRE
 for the non-live business, okay, so that is also a group, so then you have a net of both
 things and remind that this is paid by Chebur Cashadeslas, that actually it's owned 49.9%
 by CaixaBank, that is a consequence,
 It also has a negative impact on the equity accounted
 But if you do, the net of all those impacts actually is not that large, as it is accrued
 over 10 years.
 Unfortunately, we still don't have a final view on which is going to be the final breakdown
 P&L because there are different moving pieces and unfortunately we are still working on it and I am
 I'm sure we will be able to inform once we announce the first quarter results.
 And back to your question about the mortgage portfolio, I was consulting my notes.
 I can give you the data for the overall portfolio, but we have now at group level at fixed 35%
 of the long book, and this is the long book, and at floating, 65, and of the total long
 book indexed to 12 months arrival we have 42 percent and then we have three months arrival 12
 percent and six month arrival
 seven percent. So this
 is approximately the breakdown.
 into the mortgage portfolio
 the percentage of floating
 to fix is a little bit lower, it's approximately 25% fixed and 75% floated.
 And I know thanks for your question.
 Let's move on to the next question, please.
 It comes from the line of Borja Ramirez, please go ahead.
 Hello, good morning. Thank you very much for your time. I have two quick questions.
 and firstly,
 As a follow-up on the AUM growth, we could kind of provide a bit more detail on the outlook
 of the close of AUM? Did you see an increase in the conversion of deposits into AUM?
 And my second question, it would be related to CID, I saw an announcement that Coucher
 is going to be related to CID.
 have launched the ESG advisory capabilities.
 I would like to ask if you could provide some details on the shared opportunity for the group.
 Thank you.
 I didn't understand the last...
 My question was on the ESG advisory table.
 What is the opportunity represent for the group?
 Oh, okay, fine.
 So I'll start with that, Borja.
 Thanks.
 obviously he is
 is in a big
 big driver. We actually did over 30 billion of ESG related funding for clients only in 2021.
 It's a moving environment, fast moving, and it's become an integral part of what corporations
 have to do is to fund themselves but also show that path towards net zero and environmental
 level.
 side, and obviously a number of other considerations both on the environment and on social.
 Having that dialogue is absolutely critical, and you look at the
 at IMEA Sustainable Fund last year, we were number six,
 So we're first among the Spanish banks.
 We have a great DNA, a great team, and lots of early wins.
 early winds, not so early, but lots of very significant winds.
 had, for instance, a growth of 41% in sustainable operations in 2021 vis-a-vis 2020.
 so big
 opportunity both for us
 in terms of how we position ourselves.
 Javier made some comments about how sustainability agencies look at us, and we are almost at
 the top, almost from every dimension, or from every A and C. Lots of things to do, but plenty
 of opportunities indeed.
 AUMs and conversion of deposits obviously is part of the study. Javier, do you want to add any?
 well not much to that
 it's
 I mentioned that
 it's
 As you know well, it's one of our key businesses.
 have had 9 billion euros of inflows. I mentioned that we don't see less than this into 2022.
 we think that we do it well
 the proper manner
 You know that this is not about pushing, it's about the proper distribution, about advice.
 and we have I think that the most advanced advisory model in Spain and well
 and at the end of the day this is this is doing well uh inflows every quarter even in the worst
 quarters of 2020 we when markets had such high volatility we had no outflows no so this already
 tells you that let's say that the selling process, the distribution process, the advisory
 process has been done well and just to reconfirm one more time that is one of our key levers for
 very much.
 Okay, thanks, Borja.
 Operator, let's take one final question, please.
 Thank you.
 It's from the line of Martha Sánchez Romero from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much. Just a couple of quick ones. The first one on mortgages. What level of market share in your mortgage lending would make you confident the My Home campaign has been a success? You're currently around 10, 11 percent.
 And the second question is on capital.
 What has been the impact on Core Equity Tier 1 from the revaluation of your pension liability this quarter?
 Sure. On my home, again, it's not just about mortgages, Martha.
 So maybe we do greatly or just half greatly in mortgages, but there's plenty of consumer associated to that and plenty of insurance.
 So we don't want to define the success of my home by just the mortgage product.
 but it will contribute
 So that's our clear view to a higher share of new production.
 we haven't made a target now
 of sharing new production
 but I would say
 I think we have to be much closer to our sort of stock market share of mortgages than we are currently.
 and that means
 a significant increase in new production, i.e. above 50% increase in new production
 is something that we should be expecting for this year.
 Time for Australia with a bet on
 also in the market, but yes, a significant impact.
 And on the other one, maybe Javier, you can.
 Yes, on pension liabilities, I was consulting my figures, but the impact from market to market on pension liabilities has not been that large, so it's just a few basis points.
 So it has not been an issue because at the end of the day you know that it's about assets and liabilities
 and viabilities are also revalued at market levels.
 So this has not been an issue at all, nor the Alco portfolio that you know that we have
 the major part of it accounted as hope to maturity, so actually the available for sale
 or the portfolio
 with impact on fair value
 is limited because
 you know, that we had a long-standing view
 that deals should go up or should go up at some point.
 Thank you, Martha.
 Okay, thanks Marta
 that's all we have time for today
 It's been a pleasure to host you one more quarter, and thank you for watching, and goodbye.
 Bye-bye.