 Good morning, and welcome to CaixaBank's financial results presentation for the fourth quarter of 2021. I hope you and your loved ones are well. For today's presentation, we are joined by our CEO, Mr. Gonzalo Gortazar, and the CFO, Javier Pano. Please note that reported figures are affected by M&A impacts and do not include Q121 of Bankia. However, to facilitate comparisons, we have also provided pro forma figures. Moving on, just a reminder that we aim to spend around 30 minutes for the presentation and 45 to 60 minutes available for Q&A after that, to participate in which you should have received instructions via email. Let me just end by saying that my team and I are available to take any calls after this presentation. And without further ado, let me hand it over to our CEO, Mr. Gortazar. Well, good morning. Thank you, Eddie, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. I'll get directly into the highlights of the quarter and the year. It's a quarter where we conclude a year of integration, which has been obviously our main duty due in 2021. But it's also a quarter where we find some very positive data I have to do, say, in terms of our business. First of all, core revenues. Core revenues the whole year has been a year of contrast between NII, significant pressure associated to lower rates, and very strong performance and fees and insurance revenues. And the quarter has been extremely, you see, that 14% peak up quarter-on-quarter on our fee level. The fourth quarter being always a positive quarter from a seasonal point of view, but certainly not to the extent that we have seen these years. So very satisfied with that performance. Our year has also been a year of success in all what has to do with one of our key businesses, long-term savings, with insurance, mutual pension funds. Year on year, we have an increase in 12.7% on comparable figures, obviously excluding the impact of Bankia. We include the impact that will be much, much higher, as you know. And in the fourth quarter, we've seen our lending book in consumer and business growing, 1.8% quarter-on-quarter. The training in mortgages continues downward, elevated, but we've seen an inflection in consumer and business lending, which is quite notable. Particularly in consumer business lending, I would have expected it also for seasonal reasons. Consumer was quite positive, I have to say. Cost of risk, very low. We have been improving our guidance on cost of risk during the year, and actually we haven't used the 1.4% COVID reserve during the second half. So our 25 basis points of cost of risk for this year is quite notable. Our NPL stays at the same level, but total amount of non-performing loans actually come down. The ratio is at 3.6% because obviously we're seeing the leverage in this year, so that's a stable. So capital has been also a positive factor throughout the year and also in this fourth quarter. We end the year with this 12.8% on a fully loaded basis, 13.2% if we include the IFRS 9 transitional adjustment. Almost 500 basis points of MDA buffer, and all this is allowing us to return to what we think is a generous capital return policy. We have fixed the payout for 2022 at the range of 50 to 60%. We have proposed the exact dividend at $0.14.63 for 2021, which will be decided by the general meeting in April. And we have also announced our intention to implement a share-by-back program. We are at the beginning of the process, and we expect to complete the details of this program when we present our three-year plan during the second quarter. All in all, adjusted net income is close to $2.4 billion, obviously a much higher figure than last year, particularly because of the reduction of provisions. The merger is ongoing. Obviously, we have, after the fourth quarter, completed the majority of the various significant steps that we have to take. And I would highlight three. One is the three news, the IT integration. You've seen the details already. It went very well. The departure of people are taking place according to schedule. By the end of this quarter, we would have had 70% of the people that are going to leave will be gone. And, in fact, already now the figure is 60%, so we're fairly well advanced in the program and can confirm we continue to expect to deliver on the cost savings that we have announced. And the integration of branches, we've done almost half of the program before the year-end and during this quarter and next quarter, we expect it to be mostly done. So still work to do, but a lot that we have left behind at this stage. And news of the quarter, including the news that we announced yesterday with respect to the agreement we reached with Mutua Madrileña to extend the joint venture on non-life to distribute through the Bankia branches, where we have agreed to receive an upfront payment of 650 million euros. But also we agreed at the end of the year on the terms which will be acquiring Bankia Vida, the life insurance company where Muffet used to own 51%, which is already 100% owned by us. So a very active quarter and very significant steps these states completed. We keep very large market shares. You know those details around 25% and closer to 30% when we look at the business of long-term savings and basically leadership positions in almost every business that has to do with financial services. I wanted to say a few words on BPI because it's now five years since we took control of BPI, and we haven't spoken that much about BPI in the last year. We've been focused on integration, but BPI has had yet another extraordinary year. And when you look at the five-year history, I think the figures speak by themselves in terms of the loan and client funds development with this 4.5 to 5.4 compounded annual growth rate. Very significant increase in market share, approximately two points of market share gains in five years, which is quite notable. And you see the impact it's having in core revenues, core operating income, and most notable core cost income ratio from the 65% area to the 54% of 2021. A continued and progressive decrease is a fantastic job that is being done by our people at BPI, obviously with very positive indicators also of asset quality and capital. I have to say we are very confident in what we're doing here. I think it also shows in the long term what an integration in the group can deliver for a large financial services company like BPI. And when we look at the integration of Bankia, although we're not going to be able to track the members on a separate basis as we're doing with Portugal for obvious reasons, because we have consolidated CaixaBank and Bankia, I think we have to be confident that the combined force of the group is going to deliver a very sound, a very promising story. But my congratulations are not to BPI. On the economy, we feel fairly positive, expecting 5.5% GDP growth for 2023. We're actually seeing the consumption being very resilient, even during this wave of Omicron. January figures of domestic credit debit card spend in ATM withdrawals at 6%, very much in line with what we have seen in the previous months. So actual resilience here, and obviously there's a different interest rate outlook now, which is very familiar to you. In this context, we're looking to the future with confidence. We are stepping up commercial initiatives as we progressively leave integration work behind. You've seen or may have seen some campaign on the home ecosystem, called MyHome, which we're conducting currently, and it's going to stay for the whole year. And I have the expectation that it will help us, obviously, in terms of new business, particularly on the mortgage side, but all sort of lending and other products associated to the home ecosystem. We're going to continue pushing our long-term savings strategy, which is doing extremely well. As you know, the MyBox product, you'll see a few figures in the next pages, the focus on business, payments and consumer. And obviously, it's the year where we want to start delivering on revenue synergies with Bankiano. And you still have the figures there of different penetration of healthy insurance, 7 to 1, life risk insurance, 2 to 1, and the difference in long-term savings between 24% and 18%. And there's more than that, but those are probably the figures that are more easily understood. I said the fourth quarter is positive in consumer and business lending. You have new lending production here. The consumer evolution is quite, I would say, remarkable, 25% growth quarter on quarter, and obviously, also, if you look at last year, 11% higher. This is a different trend than what we have seen, obviously, it's just a quarter, we need to see how this develops. But given the macro environment, I would be hopeful that this is something that can be sustained in the future, maybe with some endows, but can be sustained. And business lending has been a very positive quarter here. There is, again, a bit more of seasonal impact in every single year, but we've done actually very well. Just to remind you that we integrated the business side, CIV and business, very early in the process. They've been now working completely as one single entity since the summer, and I think we're seeing some of that already in the results in the fourth quarter. Obviously, going forward, we have NGEU, which, hopefully, would also provide some tailwinds. Long-term savings, the total star inflows double the level of last year, market share increasing again. It's quite remarkable to see our market share increase when we have been so busy integrating the businesses. And hopefully, it's an indication of what we can deliver as we go forward and we leave the integration behind. And obviously, very significant pickup in revenues. We're up to $620 billion in terms of customer funds. And as I said, that's 10.5% organic, but if we look at the long-term services, 12.7% organic growth. Obviously, markets have helped this year, but you see with over $9 billion of net inflows, we've been very active on this front. My box working very well. You see pickup and premia, 76% if it's a life risk, and 95% if then you look at non-life. It's a product that has a lot of traction within our commercial network and with our clients. So expect continued success from this strategy. Look at the P&L. Big numbers, obviously. Contrast between NII, down 5.8%, and non-interest income, which is up by higher percentages. But obviously, as those, the base effect, given that these are still lower numbers, means that core revenues are slightly down, 1%, as you can see. Again, good trends, certainly in the fourth quarter, I would say very remarkable. The other piece of news in the P&L, sort of big picture, cost and their control, in line with our guidance, and the significant reduction of loan loan charges. And I think here we have two effects. One is we've been very prudent in the past in terms of provision building. With the actual management of the NPL during 2021, the inflows, the monitoring of facet quality has been spectacular. It's been an area of focus. And we continue to see, actually, the lowest numbers ever on the range of 1 to 90 days default, which is usually not considered yet as a non-performing loan. We're still seeing the lowest numbers that we have seen in the history, including now, actually, in January, which tends to be a bad month. So very strong performance on that front. Obviously, you know, this year has been including a lot of extraordinary one-off. We've tried to separate those so that we have a clean net income, the pro forma 2.4 billion. And then the real net income, as reported, is 5.2, mainly up by the badwill and reduced by the restructuring charges. To conclude, a very strong balance sheet. Non-performing loans, as I said, is stable in terms of ratio down, in terms of absolute numbers. Coverage is high. Cost of risk is low. Capital is high and increasing. We're done completely with Embraer. We have a significant headroom. Liquidity numbers speak by themselves. So with all this in mind, we've fixed the dividend to be proposed to the general meeting with a 50% payout as we communicated to the market. It's $0.14.63. We propose a range of $0.50 to $0.60. And we are also, as I said, starting the process of our share-by-back program. We have announced today the intention, which was approved yesterday by the board, to bring our core equity tier one closer to the target level. And this is obviously going to be subject to the approval of the ECB. Once we're done, and we have the details of all these, we will announce those to the market, most likely again during our capital markets in the second quarter. And thank you very much. With that, I will leave the floor to Javier. Okay, thank you. And good morning. Well, I will start making some brief comments on the balance sheet initially, on the loan book, the ALCO, and also on our customer funds. On the loan book, well, better dynamics, as I've commented, in terms of reproduction and consumer lending and corporates and SMEs. This has resulted into an increase of our loan book in those segments. Still, the leveraging on mortgages on that front, I would say that looking into 2022, I would say aiming to reduce the gap between the market share of the front book and the back book. Also note that we have had some maturities in the public sector portfolio. Short-term lending originated during last year. Finally, on this front, just to fully confirm that we have met the metrics for the TLTRO benchmark. Moving to the ALCO, we have increased the size this quarter, last quarter. In October, we took advantage of a spike in yields to purchase some medium-term securities. Six billion. As a consequence, you may see that the metrics, average life and duration, grow slightly. But the maturity profile and the breakdown of the sovereign exposure, I would say, that remains broadly unchanged. On wholesale funding, no news. 85 basis points over six months arrival is what we are paying for our wholesale funding course. Remember, that is swapped into floating. And on customer funds, I would rather focus on the central chart. It's already known, but I think it's remarkable in terms of long-term savings. Very positive market impacts. Also inflows, nine billion in the year, every single quarter, with positive inflows, two billion in the fourth quarter. And in terms of deposits, charging to approximately 37 billion. And, well, you know that we think that we still have some room to expand that figure, although this is clearly a measure that prevents further deposit growth. And on the right-hand side, the most remarkable in my view is that the fact that the end-of-period AUM balances are approximately up by 5% compared to the average of 2021. So this obviously offers some support to a few revenues on this business into 2022. And with this, let's move to the P&L. I would make some remarks on the quarter-on-quarter revolution. What has been commented? A very good performance in fees and insurance that has allowed us to have positive quarter-on-quarter core revenue evolution up by 2.8%. On NII, pressure is still affected by lower asset yields and average volumes. On fees, very good performance. I would call it seasonal, not extraordinary. We've had a positive impact from success fees, but also on non-life, we've had a very strong fourth quarter. On life insurance progressing, as I would say, in line with our initial expectations, and it has been a record-high quarter, actually, in terms of revenues on this business. On costs, we are down by 1.9%, as we have already having the benefits of the cost savings from the restructuring plan. And on provisions in general, we have taken a product year-end approach, and we have added some extra provisions, some other provisions. And in terms of long-loss charges, at the end of the day, we end the year with this cost of risk at 25 basis points, that is below our initial guidance. On M&A impacts, well, you know that this is already ending, but this fourth quarter, we still have some impacts. On the positive side, mostly related to the disposal of the former payment business of Bankia to Comercia, and on the negative side, some restructurings related to the branch network. So the net impact of those M&A one-offs is 88 million, excluding those, the fourth quarter pro forma net income has been 337 million euros. Now, BPI, well, the long-term trends have already been commented by the CEO, but here looking into 2021, you see that this is continuing. Core revenues up by 8%. Costs very well contained just over 1%. As a consequence, the operating leverage keeps improving with cooperating income up by more than 19%. Long growth across all segments with NPLs very well contained with an NPL ratio at 2.3% and with the bulk of the moratoria already behind us. With this, the achievable profit in Portugal this year, 170 million euros. Going into the detail, NII, down 1.9% quarter on quarter. As you may see in the central chart, it's still everything related to clients that is driving it downwards, impacted by lower average loan yields and also lower loan volumes. But this time, the ALCO is starting to provide some support after the increase of the size of the portfolio, as you may see. And on the right-hand side, you see the evolution of our back book yield that is down by two basis points to 161, still suffering the latest legs of rivalry pricings. And on the front book, I would say you should not read too much into it this quarter as approximately 50% of the front book has been, is coming from CIV, obviously, at lower yields. On fees, on fees, variable performance, 6.7% up for the year, 14% this quarter, even excluding the more volatile wholesale banking fees up by more than 8% for the year. And you may see the breakdown. We are doing well across, I would say, all segments. On recurring banking fees with the support from corporate deposit charges, on asset management, success fees have contributed this quarter. As I say, I don't call them extraordinary, I call them seasonal. So obviously, we'll do our best to repeat it. And on insurance distribution, strong focus during the quarter from the commercial point of view, also some revenue recognition during this fourth quarter. So all in all, a very set of results on that part of the business. And we think that it's a trend that in our view may continue. On life risk, on this front, on the central chart, what I was commenting initially, record high in terms of life risk revenue, 172 million. You may see that this is a clear uptrend and you may see that there is some volatility or some seasonality, better said, during the year, but anyhow, a clear uptrend that in our view is set to continue. And on the right, you have the breakdown of the different impacts of the consolidation of Bankia Vida. You know, in the first column, what you may see is the P&L breakdown as it was in 2021 with 49% ownership of Bankia Vida. And this results into a pre-tax income of 109 million. And on the second column for illustration purposes, you can see the situation that we have had. We had owned 100% of Bankia Vida resulting into an extra pre-tax income and obviously a different P&L breakdown. We wanted to disclose all this information because I think it may help you in order to project into 2022 and beyond. Costs. not much news here. We, as I said, we have reduced costs by close to 2% this quarter with the tailwind of the restructuring implementing that is implemented that is affecting personnel costs. Already 60% of the staff involved in the layoff has already left the bank close to 4,000 people out of 6,500. We are planning to reach 80% of cumulative cost synergies by 2022 and you may see some increase in depreciation as we continue with a strong capex program mainly related to IT. Finally, on the P&L, cost of risk, slightly higher end of the year loan loss charges but this cost of risk at 25 basis points as commented and you may see the breakdown of the loan book by stages on stage 2 a reduction of approximately 3 billion which is related to lower overlays that are no longer needed mainly for the moratoria exposures. Moving to the balance sheet on our NPL exposures you may see that the NPL ratio is pretty much stable at 3.6% well below our initial guidance. The breakdown across the different segments no major news as you may see. In absolute numbers 3.6 billion of NPLs 400 million less and well we have been active in the market with some NPL disposals and we are happy to see that our marks are correct as we can dispose with any major P&L impacts. As also commented we keep our 1.4 billion COVID reserve unused and in terms of credit quality on our moratoria portfolio or ex moratoria portfolio I would say that no major changes so this is clearly doing better than our very initial expectations and on ECOS we have 38% of those already paying principal and the major milestone here being May June when the major part of them will start paying principal the core ratio pretty much stable at 63% by the end of the year on liquidity not much to say a very ample liquidity position you have here all the metrics I would only remark the net stable funding ratio at 154% which is quite a remarkable figure on MREL we have an ample buffer our ratio stands by the end of the year at 26.2% with an MDA over 400 basis points we have been very active during the year in terms of funding across as you may see all asset classes and going forward the plan is to focus on the rollover of maturities and also on diversifying the investor base also issuing into foreign currencies well you know well about our engagement with ESG principles and this is now being reflected in a strong sustainability ratings you have here a very detailed inventory good qualifications in all those and the commitment of the management team to keep those improving but obviously this is facilitating ESG issuances and as you may see we are the number one bank by ESG issuance for the second consecutive year and this is obviously to our plan going forward and finally capital we have further reinforced our solvency this quarter no major capital impacts from M&A organic capital generation of 25 basis points dividend and 81 minus 10 this results into a CET1 X transitional IFRS9 of 12.8% and when adding IFRS9 transitional 13 17% and this is an MDA buffer that is almost at 500 basis points the tangible value per share has improved by 6% during the year adding 22 cents and well as commented the dividend per share that is going to be proposed to the general meeting of 1463 cents this meeting probably in the month of April and that's it I think that with this we are done and we may be ready for questions thank you very much okay thank you Javier and thank you Gonzalo as Javier said it's now time to proceed to Q&A so operator please proceed with the first question including the name and company of the caller we have a rather long queue so just a reminder to everyone to keep your questions as brief as possible thank you as a reminder to ask a question you will need to press star 1 on your telephone and the first question comes from the line of Max Mission from JB Capital please go ahead yeah hi good morning thank you for the presentation and for allowing us to make questions I have three if I may the first one is on Capital I was just wondering if you could add more color on what the internal target for Capital is you've previously been guiding for 11 to 11 and a half percent range and I was wondering whether it has changed after the murder the second is on NII now that you've rebuilt some ALCO and there are promising signs and long book growth do you still expect first quarter of 22 to be the bottom of the NII or perhaps the dynamics are somewhat better and then the last one is a clarification thank you for the details on the extension of the agreement with Bankia but we also heard from the press that Mutua has reached an agreement with El Corte Inglés and I was wondering whether this will have any impact whatsoever on your P&L thank half so our intention is to bring down the 12.8 towards our range we haven't fixed exactly at which point we will take it is the beginning of the process but clearly there is very significant headroom here and I would also like to briefly mention that the agreement with between Mutua and El Corte Inglés obviously I only know the public information around it is a good agreement for both parties and for Segur Kaisa Denslas it's going to mean that they will be able to increase its sales on the health side because all the health business of Mutua group is done by Segur Kaisa Denslas that should be positive but I cannot quantify it I think in the sort of broader picture for Kaisa is not going to for Adeslas with respect to NII Javier you may want address that one okay thank you yes on NII let me elaborate I think that probably this answers plenty of questions well now it looks increasingly likely that the TOTO funding benefit is ending by June so the CV didn't gave clear signs that this would be rolled over on the other hand is true that they suggested that potentially the amount of balances subject to tiding could be revised upwards and I think that it's important also to know which may be the impact from this now the tiding is six times the minimum reserve requirement and there is some market talk that this can be increased by two times or doubled in this case the impact for cash one will be approximately 100 million years just to have this number so that part is uncertain what may happen then you have as we gave the breakdown of the different impacts now from Bank Avida you saw that in 2021 we would have had a positive impact on NII of 88 million euros so when making forecasts for NII you need to take this into consideration so setting aside all this noise because it's difficult to predict what may end happening I can now confirm that the trough on NII is going to be in the first quarter so we may have some negative delta in the first quarter from the fourth quarter but it's going to be lower than the negative delta we have had in the fourth quarter from the third quarter and this has to do with lower day count still some negative arrival resets that still are filtering into the first quarter but from there in our view setting aside I insist everything that may happen from DCV organically I would say we should see the draft in the first quarter it's about as you said a long book that is improving gradually and I already mentioned that it's our aim to reduce the gap on mortgages between the market share of the front book and the back book and obviously this is going to be a gradual process but this may help and the positive dynamics that we are seeing also in terms of consumer lending and corporate and lending also will help to have in our view at least a flat each loan book into next year and this obviously will help on the angle where we have upside we I made comments some time ago that the size of the portfolio could reach a level of up to 15% of our assets and this is quite a large amount it's approximately 90 billion obviously we are not going to be there in one go it will be very market dependent depending on the pace of increase in years long term deals the shape of the yield curve we don't have a pre-set view on this we are going to diversify the portfolio also other than on Spanish government bonds and obviously this offers plenty of upside because we have plenty of liquidity to deploy and if markets help which it looks increasingly likely that this is the trend obviously this offers upside and finally I would like to mention our sensitivity to higher rates now obviously the market is already discounting that 12 month arrival is going to be at zero by the end of this year who knows but it's clear what in the other side of the Atlantic which is the approach I don't know what DCB will decide but I think that at least is the first time that things are moving for real and you know that our sensitivity is 100 basis points in yields would result into improvement of NII between 20 and 25 percent depending on the different assumptions you make because you need to make plenty of assumptions to this in terms of shift of deposit site accounts into deposits et cetera hope this helps we are not giving today specific guidance because as you know we are working on our long term strategic plan and obviously in due time and this spring when we reconvene for the investor day we will give you detailed figures not only for 2022 but also for longer term thank you thank you Max I hope that answers your question let's move on to the next question please operator thank you next question comes from the line of Sophie Peterson from JP Morgan please go ahead yeah hi here is Sophie from JP Morgan thank you for taking my question so just to follow up on on net interest income in terms of the TRO could you just remind us how much you have maturing in 2022 and confirm that it's accrued at 100 basis points and kind of what NII headwind you expect from this and then my second question would be kind of on the cost inflation you're doing well on the restructuring but how should we think about underlying cost inflation for 2022 should we expect to see some higher wages and can you just remind us when you do the wage negotiations in Spain and then just the final question on fee income how sustainable are the grossing fees that we saw in the fourth quarter I know you mentioned that it's not a one off but it was exceptionally high this quarter how should we think about the growth going forward thank you thank you Sophie good morning I leave TLTRO for Javier it's his favorite well it's so relevant for all of us cost inflation obviously cost is something we can have a higher definition of this stage as we control more variables on cost I would say first we are on track with respect to the synergies that we announced for 2022 645 million I think this is fairly safe it's mostly related to staff departures so at this stage that's something that you need to incorporate you need to incorporate some accounting impact basically from the acquisition of Bankia Vida you've seen those numbers in the presentation have explained there's approximately 30 million 31 million from consolidating Bankia Vida that's obviously going to have significant and positive impact on revenues but it also has an impact on costs and then there's respect to the comparison between 22 and 21 not necessarily for the future and obviously we're going to work hard in making sure the cost inflation is contained over the three year period that we will be discussing in our capital markets today but for 21 to 22 we're going to have the reversal of some savings that are related to the lower level of activity in 2021 associated to the various COVID waves and that is something that is going to impact our cost base the comparison between 2022 and 2021 keeping all this in mind what we expect is that we will have a cost base this year 2022 somewhere between 5.9 and 6 billion so that is what I would say at this stage that is going to also depend on a number of variables including the evolution of the pandemic but I would say on the cost side that estimate being between 5.9 and 6 billion is what I would like to share with you now beyond beyond the TLTRO fees fees and Javier will compliment but obviously fees and insurance are key towards that the way we've been working this year gives me a lot of confidence that we have significant potential here we have had an extraordinary fourth quarter with some performance fees and a very good sort of also on the non-life levels of commercialization I have to say to be honest my expectation but certainly my aspiration is that we keep repeating very strong fourth quarter this year next year because the strategy we're following should lead to that structurally obviously there will be ups and downs market is going to be the major factor but obviously we're going to go back to a lower level as we exclude some of these performance and special incentives that we achieve in the fourth quarter but why not our aspiration has to be to repeat those quarter of next year and the fourth quarter of 2023 and onwards and Javier maybe you can also compliment me on this and discuss the year on free just to compliment it's already we made a comment on the presentation but what we can call seasonal for this fourth quarter I mean this excess in terms of AOM fees due to success fees and also outperformance in terms of non-life is approximately 65 million but I insist this is not extraordinary seasonality and as the CEO was commenting our aim is to be able to repeat on TLTRO just to be more specific TLTRO is not ending what is ending is the funding benefit of minus 1% so we have basically funding at minus one and we are depositing those proceeds at minus 50 so we are making a 50 basis points carry and this is affecting 80 billion at group level so the maths are simple this is 400 million per year so this is ending in June theoretically unless ECB says the contrary so for the year the impact is half this which is 200 million euros rough numbers or a little bit less but well that's it and as I say clearly ECB hinted that they could I would not like to use the word but compensate not rolling over this facility with an increase of the balances affected to tiering deposited at zero and we'll see we have an ECB meeting next week so we probably will have further information thank you Sophie okay Sophie thank you very much let's move on to the next question please thank you next question from the line of Britna Smith from autonomous please go ahead yeah hi there good morning I've got a few questions one is just a clarification on the net interest income essentially guiding to a less than 2% decline Q&Q and Q1 but does that include consolidation of the insurance business of around 20 or so million another question I have is on the cost of risk outlook for 2020 is there any idea that you can give us relative to 2021 in terms of credit cost of risk performance and maybe a clarification there were quite a few asset bidons linked to the commercial networks scattered across several lines in Q4 is there anything more that we should expect in these lines thank you thank you Britta and I'll just mention on the cost of risk we have had a very positive 2021 and actually expect 2022 to be equally positive so at this stage and we tend to be fairly conservative on these things as you know I would say loan loss charges our expectation is for them to be in line with this year around 25 basis points and again I will emphasize that we tend to be conservative on these matters we have 1.4 billion of unused COVID reserve and at this stage when I look at the state of the economy what I mentioned in terms of sort of late payments that we're seeing the status of the market expectations GDP actually came just an hour ago above our expectations I think we have upside here clearly Javier maybe you can take home again NII and NII well to be more specific what I said is that the traf is ex TLTRO to be clear or ECB actions is expected to be in the first quarter with with delta negative delta lower than the negative delta we have had in the fourth quarter but that's probably this may be less than this minus 2% quarter and quarter you mentioned and yes Bankia Vida NII will be included because it's already consolidating since the first of January on restructuring charges I would say that in general on restructuring charges we are almost done we may have still some I would say non-material M&A impacts on the P&L this year so it's still difficult still to see if we are at the end but as I say clearly non-material and that's it so in terms of restructuring you know that we have early providing for what is coming in the following quarters so we think that we are almost done thank you okay Brita I hope that does answer your questions and with that let's move on to the next one please thank you next question from Francisco Riquel please from Alantra please go ahead yes good morning two questions for me first one you can give more color in terms of long growth in Spain in particular you mentioned flattish for the group and so if you can update on your mortgage strategy recently launched I saw a new commercial offer in my home what would it bring and just the leverage I guess the front book you mentioned closing the gap would still be negative the seasonal pickup we have seen in consumer in corporate lending whether it is seasonal or you see this is a changing trend the next generation funds seems to be a slow process so a bit more color on long growth by category if possible and second on capital you can update on the outlook for the buildup if any in 2022 any type of risk asset inflation regulatory headwinds left M&A impacts the reorganization of the insurance operations or any other impact you may highlight thank you thank you very much Paco and let me start maybe giving you some color on what we see on the credit side and Javier can take it on RWA and capital I anticipate we expect to have another positive clearly positive year in 2022 in terms of buildup of capital but Javier I'm sure will elaborate on that on the lending side we feel it's going to be a reasonable year for the sector and a good year for us taking the sort of category by category housing housing has been slightly positive it seems with the figures I have for this year for the sector and should I think continue that trend for 2022 we're expecting a slight growth just below 2% for the sector and the housing credit on our side we are clearly going to try to increase our share of new production we have seen a significant reduction during 2022 with I think a strategy that we felt good about it being selective discipline in terms of price and certainly I think very conservative from sort of asset quality point of view and making sure that mortgages that we give today continue to be good for their total life we have launched this campaign my home at the beginning of the year again this campaign is not just about mortgages but it includes mortgages it's my home it's my home it's the ecosystem and we are offering quite a lot of things for this ecosystem we're offering obviously protection within our mybox study we are offering funding of refurbishing reforms we're offering funding of electronics associated to the home which as you know we also distribute to our we buy sort of marketplace we are including in these also some mobility elements going to and from your home so it's a whole pack but within that we have the mortgage product Casa Facil which we have commercialized with a lot of success but we are clearly putting incentives and the attention of our people in the brats network giving the growth that we're seeing in this part of the business to be more active obviously pricing is part of that and we're going to be slightly more aggressive on that front because the market has gone to levels that are very competitive but it's not just about changing our pricing strategy changing or focusing on that ecosystem where we think we can play a pivotal role we still have 26% of market sharing mortgages but in terms of our client penetration in Spain with our 19 million clients we have a big big reach and we want to build a whole ecosystem and again this is not going to be a one-off campaign that we have for a month or a month and a half this is going to be a permanent push during the whole year one of our main targets as a result of that we expect that new lending is going to increase significantly from the levels of 2022 we've seen that in the fourth quarter and actually the fourth quarter has been particularly difficult because of the integration we're starting to see the success and the growth during the month of January on the mortgage chart so again significant increase for us does that mean we're going to increase our market share of stock I would say unlikely I would expect to see because our book is very mature very seasoned and we're going to have higher amortization than the average of the market I would still expect a slight reduction of market share but certainly very different from what we have seen in 2021 and before on consumption we're fairly optimistic I think this is going to be growing gradually during the year we have had a fantastic fourth quarter I think there even though it's difficult and too early to look at the proper comparison to know that we compare apples with apples with the rest of the market but my feeling is that we've done clearly better on the market in the fourth quarter and my expectation is that we can continue to do so but we'll have to see how the year evolves the census pent-up demand and the normalization of life hopefully post at least intensive phases of COVID should be very helpful and on the business front again we're in pretty good shape and the same way we expect businesses to be aided by next generation EU funds but still with plenty of liquidity I think we're in good shape and we should be at least maintaining our market share but certainly our aim would be to increase the market share in NGEU fund it is true that they haven't yet made an impact to the business but as something that is coming it's coming gradually but it's getting closer and obviously we see that during this year it is going to have an impact we actually were saying for a while that it was going to be backloaded in 2021 in fact it's not been backloaded it's been moved to 2022 but we're going to see that impact this year so when we look at that that's why Javier had comments that make us pretty positive on that inflection point on the overall loan book because I can see why we're going to be doing better across the three categories certainly in 2021 Javier Javier hi Paco on capital yes on let's say pending M&A and regulatory impacts I would say that the net is going to be in neutral on M&A we will have some still pending positives and negatives but that are going to be probably compensated each other on the regulatory front we have also positives and negatives we have the convergence of internal models of Bankia to let's say the cash bank models we have also some limitations in place in some portfolios in terms of risk-weighted assets due to some internal inspections that are going to be released during the year these are positives then we have the potentially it's not clear still fully if the rollout of IRB models in Portual is going to be this year or next but anyhow as you see positives and negatives it's not clear to me every single quarter when we will have the positives and the negatives but not that large in any case so the end result for the year pretty much neutral we are having now the view that risk-weighted asset inflation due to rate immigration is going to be very moderate and this is not going to be a material issue so according to our comments about the positive evolution in general about credit quality and that's it so a year where we think that we will continue generating capital organically despite having raised the payout ratio to 50-60 and you know that what will be accrued will be the upper bound the 60 this is what the regulation requires so in our view still a year with strong capital generation so this votes well for our capital return policies thank you very much for your questions let's move on to the next one please thank you it comes from the line of Ignacio Ulargi from BMP free pass exam please go ahead thank you very much for the presentation and for taking my questions I have two questions one is on NPL management and the strategy that you are having on in terms of portfolio disposals and what should we expect into 2022 and also if you could also give us a bit of a sense when do you think NPS will peak because we have been just waiting the iteration from the ICO being postponed so there's a bit of color on NPL and linked to that the 63% coverage for across the cycle looks high so to what level do you think that the coverage could go down and one question on the integration of the franchise with Bankia do you think that the second half of 2022 would be just sort of like all completed in a way we could see the real strength of the franchise in terms of commercial at all speed or we are already there now thank you Rachel and let me address the questions I would say first of all on NPL management we're having I think fairly good trends but we face a bump in the road which is the eco loan finalization of the moratoria or deferral of principle mostly in the second quarter of this year so we're going to be very prudent until that happens and hence I wouldn't expect news of us moving in the sense of being less conservative until at least the end of the second quarter maybe the end of the third quarter depending on how the whole thing evolved but we have a big concentration in the second quarter that's first point second is all the information we have today which is a lot is fairly positive fairly positive we have indeed reclassifying to S3 a few or significant number of eco-loans that are still paying but for sort of internal rating the sectors they operate we think they may move into NPL so not every single non-payment that we have next year is going to mean an NPL because we already have recognized quite a few but I don't think there is any upside if we're not prudent until this happens and I also take comfort from the fact that when we looked at the moratorium in the past we thought that we're going to have a significant impact on asset quality and we managed I wouldn't say pretty I would say extraordinarily well so let's see how that goes but I think we have to be positive the peak for NPLs should be reached this year I am not going to be able to tell you in which quarter from our point of view because it's going to depend obviously on what happens with Ecolon so that may suggest third quarter of this year but it also is going to depend on what do we do on the disposal of portfolios we have been fairly successful in that generally but when we look at for instance this fourth quarter we sold a large portfolio and again we had very positive results in terms of the level at which we sold clearly above the marks we had so my expectation during 2022 is that we can be fairly successful with that strategy and hence we're not only going to try and contain the new entries but we have I think opportunities to reduce non-performing loans in a significant manner and as opposed to what we might have felt I don't know 10 years ago after the big crisis what we are seeing now is our marks are very conservative and that leads into the 63% coverage ratio completely agree it's not a normal level and that is the result among other things of our COVID 1.4 billion reserves and our PPA particularly associated to the Bankia transaction which is around 400 but anyhow we can confirm that to you later so yes we have a very large coverage instead of normal ordinary cost of business none of these will be there because it will have a run off that doesn't mean we're going to release all these in a very short term clearly not but certainly we are as you say very well provided second point in terms of where we are I think if you look at the business we have some business in which we are at 100% shape and that includes private banking it includes CIB it includes business certainly the product factories I think they have zero impact at this stage from the integration generally speaking and then we have the retail network which obviously the vast majority of the business where a lot of things have happened and the business has been now integrated but we still have to integrate 750 branches so is there some impact from this process obviously yes we can try and do a good execution in integration but when we move 10 million clients from branches and we change 6,000 people that actually were managing client relationship but we change a different phase this is a process which takes time and the time that it takes making sure we provide the right service the right quality to our clients is obviously lower time than we had for other things so I would say we are almost there but during the first half of the year we still going to have the retail network I wouldn't say distracted but focused on service quality issues making sure that we don't lose clients and that the business stays with us for the long term throughout the year I would expect that this is going to mean that by the summer or turn of the summer we are really 100% absolute 100% all engines of the bank but again a good number of them are already there and that's what I would emphasize when we look at the business of the private bank etc and there's a very large part of our business even if it's retail that is done with integrations or where the integration is not very significant because as you know the geographical presence of overlap of Bankia and CaixaBank is focused on certain regions Madrid Valencia the islands some other places and others have very limited impact for instance the north of Spain or western Andalusia or Catalonia etc so we're going to have a very significant part of the bank at 100% it is being at 100% from the 1st of January and the rest of the retail is going to gradually get there during the first half of the year okay natural thank you very much let's move on to the next question please thank you it comes from the line of Mario Ropero from Best Inver Securities please go ahead hi good morning everyone two quick questions the first one is on the distribution well the share to bring down the capital to the target level would you bring it down right to the target level or would you consider keeping some sort of cushion if so what kind of cushion should we have in mind and the second question is I know you're not giving any guidance for 2022 but well I mean it's obvious that the outlook for NII it's hard and for fees and insurance may be better so could you give us at least some sort of indication of how you see the net of these three in 2022 positive or negative thank you thank you Mario in terms of capital clearly we're not going to bring it down to the target we're saying closer to the target not down to the target and I think there is no decision taken on this but I would say it is a reasonable assumption to think that around 12% would be the end point but this is only an assumption again no decision has been taken and on NII fees etc I am afraid it's going to be difficult to answer because we have decided that we need to give guidance for a three year period and we're going to do that in May and at this stage we're trying to be as helpful as we can in every single category we're being fairly more specific on cost because there I think it's fair to you to say where we see things but beyond the comments that we have made Javier I would say let's wait for the investor day in the second quarter and apologize for that Mario thanks for that and let's move on to the next one please thank you from the line of Alvaro Serrano from Morgan Stanley please go ahead good morning thanks very much for the detail on the moving parts on the NII I don't know if you can maybe give some color on the sustainability fees because we've seen you had a very strong Q4 I noted the comments from Javier saying that some of it is 64 million but obviously 21 was a very good year also in banking I don't if you can share some thoughts if you don't want to share a number but at least some thoughts on should it be accelerating and slow down the cost is tough so maybe it has to slow down but put some thoughts there and obviously with the IT integration now done you've touched on it maybe some of the cross selling can start coming through and the second question is on the buyback that the limitation ultimately will be the criteria can go above 40% would that be the limit thank you thank you I refer to Javier to give you detail on fees on the second point I will not relate the limitation of the share buyback to the ownership of any particular shareholder being large or small now the limitation is going to be our capital position and our views on not just on the short term but mid long term that's what is going to be driving the decision again as I see and Javier explained 2022 as fairly positive in terms of capital creation as well I am optimistic on that front but there's nothing to do with the particular position of shareholders on fees Javier you want to elaborate yes on call or Alvaro hello well you know that what is clearly supporting fees is asset management it's 1.4 billion revenue pool this is a structurally growing business we have done well obviously the market has helped has been exceptional year on that front but in terms of inflows we don't think that we should have lower inflows than in any reason why we should be having lower inflows than in 2021 so I think that we are quite a bit on the evolution of this business we are we think we are good at it so we have really a very good franchise on the distribution of AUMs and well we are quite quite a bit as I say so the pace of inflows in our view will continue on non-life on that front we had a very strong end of the year there is a very strong focus as you know you know that well our commercial strategy there the my box commercial offer is doing extremely well now obviously gradually rolling out into former bank clients so our view is very positive so I think that I mentioned that we had some seasonality in the fourth quarter also in this business but we should at least be able to try to repeat so I think that it's a growing business also and then we have the larger world of recurrent fees on that front we are having the extra support of something that actually is NII but it's the custody fees we have had close to 90 million this year on custody fees and our view is that we can have something more but clearly on that front it's a figure that is important but the most important is that the fact that we have this strategy in place is shielding a little bit ourselves on deposit inflows and actually we have anecdotal observation that this is the case that is preventing a clear deposit inflow and there is an area that is important which is payments and that area we have had two consecutive summers that have been much different than normal and for us the summer is important because part of the payment fee revenue pool is due to the use of ATMs which have the largest park of ATMs in Spain and when the non-cashabank uses our ATMs obviously we have a fee and well the summer for us is important with all foreigners using ATMs etc. so hopefully this is going to be a better summer also despite we have already been observing an increase on the traffic in terms of the use of points of sale terminals etc. obviously we have a better savings also this will help on that front and at the end of the day if lending improves this ends up with fees also because mainly on the CAB wall you have origination fees etc. so this is also going to be providing support so all in all AUM in our view is going to keep doing well probably with less support from the market than this year who knows but in terms of inflows no less this is our view and on life insurance also very good momentum and not specifically fees but I would like to mention also our life insurance business that I displayed the chart of the quarterly evolution and it's clearly an upward trend and this is in our view set to continue and as you know gradually rolling out also the revenue synergies on that front that you know that is one of our key businesses hope this helps Alvaro thank you okay thank you Alvaro let's move on to the next question please thank you next question comes from the line of Carlos Cobo from Societe General please go ahead hello good morning and thank you for the presentation I wanted to sorry if you touched on this already but if you could clarify a little bit more in terms of what are the one-offs related to the merger and other impacts you reported something around 90 million in costs but in the other provisions non-credit and gains and losses there seems to be another 200 million roughly from let's call it unexpected losses in consensus could you explain a little bit more what that is and what is the breakdown then a quick question in the future about the potential share by back should we adjust any potential penalty from the agreement with Maffre and also around this insurance business did you expect any positive impact on capital from the consolidation of Bank Avida under the your own life company under the Danish compromise would that have any positive impact on CET1 thank you very much thank you Carlos the answer is yes it will have positive impact in new course and with respect to this share by back and the penalties associated to the reorganization of insurance I would say there's no relationship again share by back we are saying it's going to be based on capital excess capital at year end bringing it down closer to our target capital and there is no further impact obviously if we were to have a view of issues problems capital threats in 2022 we would take that into account but I am confident that that's not the case as I said the net of what we expect for 2022 in terms of capital generation beyond the 60% payout or 50 to 60 but as you know they say 50 to 60 we will be accruing 60 beyond that we still expect significant capital generation in 2022 all in all and we have perfect room to accommodate if we are unexpected surprises if any comes on the rest Javier maybe you can help me well on what you mentioned about other provisions another one of well on other provisions XM&A XM&A related we had a approach to some legal issues mainly related to foreign exchange mortgages exposures to revolving so we had a conservative approach towards that part also we had a book on that front an early retirement scheme in Portugal so all this adds approximately 100 million to that part so this is as I say X the M&A impacts and then I understand that probably is a little bit complex but we have quarter on quarter some moves so some changes in other provisions we have the release and this is related to M&A so we have the release of approximately 130 million that is now being assigned to another P&L line which is gains and losses by approximately 100 million and also to extra costs for the 25 million remaining and additionally we have on other provisions 68 million from I would say this is advancing which is going to be the impact of branch restructuring implemented into the first quarter that has already been booked as other provisions and that in due time will be assigned on other gains and losses so this is I understand probably a little bit confusing sorry but it's accounting rules and on that front I would only highlight that the total amount of charges is perfectly in line with the number the figure initially announced remember approximately 2.4 billion of restructuring costs and we are there so if you do the math for the year so we are there and as I mentioned any remaining for 2022 is going to be non-material thank you thank you carlos let's move on to the next one please thank you it comes from the line of hernando gil from barclays please go ahead hi good morning thank you for taking my question I have a question about the insurance operations and the agreements reached with several kinds of guys and banter vida I don't have an review can provide clarity on how this will be accounted into the P&L because I see some kind of footnote saying that it would be accrued during 10 years and if you can just clarify how this will enter and be a company that would be great and follow up question on mortgages if I may can you please remind us what is the percentage back book on fixed mortgages and variable mortgages thank you very much if you want to let's try and speed up because we only have nine more minutes and do we have more questions on the queue as you say this amount is accrued over 10 years part of it is going to compensate the penalty to pay to MAFRE for the non-life business okay so this is also accrued so then you have a net of both things and remind that this is paid by that actually is owned 49.9% by cash bank that as a consequence it also has a negative impact on the equity accounted from cash adeslas if you do the net of all those impacts actually is not that large as it is accrued over 10 years and unfortunately we still don't have a final view on which is going to be the final breakdown by P&L because there are different moving pieces and unfortunately we are still working on it and I am sure we will be able to inform once we announce the first worth of results and back to your question about the mortgage portfolio I was consulting my notes well I can give you the data for the overall portfolio but we have now at group level at fixed 35% of the loan book and this is the loan book and at floating 65% and of the total loan book indexed to 12 month arrival we have 42% and then we have 3 month arrival 12% and 6 month arrival 7% so this is approximately the breakdown into the mortgage portfolio the percentage of floating to fixed is a little bit lower it's approximately 25% fixed and 75% floating thank you thanks for your question let's move on to the next question please please go ahead hello good morning thank you much for your time I have two quick questions firstly as a follow-up on the AUM growth you could kindly provide a bit more detail on the outlook of the growth of AUM do you see an increase in the conversion of the deposits into AUM and then my second question would be related to CID I saw an announcement that Kasia Rank had launched ESG advisory capabilities I would like to ask if you could provide some details on the CID opportunity for you thank you I didn't understand the last last question was on ESG advisory what is the opportunity represent for the group I'll start with that Borca thanks obviously ESG is a big big driver we actually did over 30 billion of ESG related funding for clients only in 2021 it's a moving environment fast moving and it's become integral part of what corporations have to do is to fund themselves but also show that path towards the environment side and obviously a number of other considerations both on environment and on social having that dialogue is absolutely critical and you look at EMEA sustainable funding last year we were number six we were first among the Spanish banks we have a great DNA a great team and lots of early wins not so early but lots of very significant wins we had for instance a growth of 41% in sustainable operations in 2021 vis-a-vis 2020 so big opportunity both for us in terms of how we position ourselves Javier made some comments about how sustainability agencies look at us and we are almost at the top almost from every dimension or from every agency lots of things to do but plenty of opportunities is indeed AUMs and conversion of deposits obviously is part of the study Javier do you want to add any well not much to that it's I mentioned that it's as you know well it's one of our key businesses we have had 9 billion euros of inflows I mentioned that we don't see less than this into 2022 we think that we do it well the proper manner you know that this is not about pushing it's about the proper distribution about advice we have I think that the most advanced advisory model in Spain and at the end of the day this is doing well inflows every quarter even in the worst quarters of 2020 when markets had such high volatility we had no outflows so this already tells you that the selling process the distribution process the advisory process has been done well and just to reconfirm one more time that is one of our key levers for webinars okay thanks Borja operator let's take one final question please thank you it's from the line of Martha Sanchez from Bank of America please go ahead thank you very much just a couple of quick ones the first one on mortgages what level of market share in new mortgage lending would make you confident the my home campaign has been a success you're currently around 10 11% and the second question is on capital what has been the impact on core equity tier 1 from the revaluation of your pension liability this quarter many things on my home again it's not just about mortgages Martha so maybe we do greatly or just have greatly on mortgages but there's plenty of consumer associated to that and plenty of insurance so we don't want to define the success of my home by just the mortgage product but it will contribute to a higher share of new production we haven't made a target now of new production but I would say I think we have to be much closer to our sort of stock market share of mortgages than we are currently and that means a significant increase in new production i.e. above 50% increase in new production is something that we should be expecting for this year time will tell it will depend on the market but yes a significant impact and on the other one maybe Javier you can yes on pension liabilities I was consulting my figures but the impact of from mark to market on pension liabilities has not been that large so it's just a few basis points so it has not been an issue because at the end of the day you know that it's about assets and liabilities and liabilities are also revalued at market levels so this has not been an issue at all nor the Alco portfolio that you know that we have the major part of it accounted as hope to maturity so actually the available for sale or the portfolio with impact on fair value RCI is limited because you know that we have the long standing view that deals should go up at some point thank you Marta okay thanks Marta that's all we have time for today it's been a pleasure to host you one more quarter and thank you for watching and goodbye