 to Tom.
 Thanks, Leah.
 Good morning, everyone.
 as Lee just highlighted, we generated another quarter
 of strong results, hosting double-digit growth
 across our key metrics.
 In addition, our consolidated, organic tenant billings growth
 Accelerated to 8.6%.
 We continue to de-lever naturally to 4.6 times net debt
 to its annualized adjusted EBITDA.
 We grew our common stock, give it in.
 by about 22 percent, and with the resumption of our share purchase program during the quarter,
 we've-
 We bought back more than $400 million of our stock so far this year.
 We also closed on our acquisition in France, which enabled us to launch operations in our
 our 15th global market and built over 460 new sites globally.
 With that, let's dive into the details
 around our first quarter performance
 and updated outlook for the year.
 If you're pleased, turn to slide six.
 Consolidated property revenue grew by nearly 26% in the first quarter, including tenant
 building's growth of about 22%, an organic tenant
 billings growth of 8.6%.
 property segment revenue growth for the quarter was about five percent including organic tenant
 building's growth of six and a half percent, representing a 70 basis point sequential
 acceleration from the fourth quarter of 2016.
 This strong growth reflects a healthy demand environment, which drove our third consecutive
 quarter of record new business levels, and the cash impact of our recently signed MLA
 amendments.
 Volume growth from co-locations and amendments contributed just over 5% in pricing escalators
 It's just over 3%.
 This was partially offset by a churn of around 2% on an annualized basis, just 40 basis
 point to which was associated with operational churn from the big four
 who are networks.
 International Organic Tenant Billings Growth was over 14% on a consolidated basis.
 with all three international segments growing double digits.
 This growth was supported by the significant geographic
 technological intended diversification
 embedded in our global portfolio,
 as well as positive, secular, global trends and wireless,
 including rising smartphone penetration,
 contractual pricing escalators driven primarily by local CPI indices and most international
 markets contributed nearly 7% to our growth, while volumes from co-locations and amendments
 strove an even greater contribution at over 9%.
 Other run rate items contributed in additional 60 basis points.
 And this was partially offset by a turn of about 2.4%,
 primarily resulting from continued carrier consolidation in India.
 On the inorganic side, the day one revenue associated with the over 46,000 sites we added
 Since the first quarter of 2016, including the Viome portfolio in our new French and
 in Argentinian assets contributed another 13%
 to our global tenant buildings growth.
 Our new build program also remain active
 and we constructed over 460 sites globally this quarter.
 Predominantly in our international markets, where average day one NOI yields were nearly
 And as you can see on slide 7, our strong revenue trends led to double-digit growth
 and both adjusted EBITDA and consolidated AFFO
 for the 16th consecutive quarter,
 with both metrics growing nearly 20%.
 growth on a per share basis was similarly strong, with a consolidated
 AFFO per share, and AFFO attributable to common stockholders per share, growing over 19 percent
 and over 15% respectfully.
 So, turning to slide eight, let's now take a look at our updated expectations for 2017.
 At the midpoint of our revised full-year outlook,
 We expect property revenue to grow by nearly 14% to over six and a half billion dollars.
 This represents an increase of about $105 million or 1.6%
 From the updated outlook, we reported in the 8K issued at the end of last month.
 This increase reflects about $27 million in additional straight line revenue, about
 20 million of which is attributed to incremental straight line revenue from the MLA amendment
 we announced in the AK, we also have included a couple million dollars of incremental U.S.
 straight line revenue as a result of normal course extensions and around five million or
 of Incremental Straight-Line Revenue Internationally.
 primarily from our newly acquired business in France.
 Additionally, we've layered in about $73 million from positive foreign exchange rate fluctuations
 relative to our prior outlook as a result of year-to-date FX actuals and our refreshed
 outlook rates for the balance of the year.
 The rest of the increase is attributable to slightly higher pass-through revenue and some
 slight outperformance in tenant revenue in the U.S. and the U.S. and Latin America.
 We expect this to be partially offset by our lower revenue expectations in India due to
 higher chair. We continue to expect strong organic growth in 2017 in both our U.S. and
 international businesses with consolidated organic tenant
 fillings growth in the 7% to 8% range, supported by our global scale and increasing diversification.
 These expectations are supported by our new business pipeline.
 Our expectation that the positive demand trends underlying our first quarter results will
 continue for the remainder of 2017 and the meaningful contractual new business secured
 by the MLA amendment we signed in Q1.
 given our strong Q1 results and indications
 of continued network investment by our US tenants,
 we are raising our expectations
 for U.S. Organic Tenant Billings Growth to over 6% per the year.
 This reflects the expectation that 2017 U.S.
 co-location and amendment activity will be up over 15% versus 2016.
 I would also like to make clear that we have still not included any meaningful leasing
 expectations from the completed incentive auction nor any potential impact from First
 net deployments in our current outlook.
 We are optimistic about the intermediate and long-term organic growth potential of our
 a U.S. business.
 An intermediate term,
 aside from potential catalysts such as the 600 megahertz deployment, we expect our tenants
 to increasingly rely on identifying their networks
 to support rising mobile data usage, given most available
 spectrum assets have already been auctioned and given spectral efficiency within four
 4G is already very high.
 looking even further out, the Internet of Things and other emerging technologies may
 We very well provide additional upside for our U.S. tower business.
 We have cultivated a high-quality U.S. asset base with significant incremental capacity
 in strategically important locations
 that we believe will enable us to be an important part
 of the solution for both us.
 broadcast spectrum deployment and repack process, as well as for other near-term carrier deployment
 issues.
 Over the last several years, we worked diligently to specifically augment our portfolio to help
 meet the needs of these important opportunities.
 We significantly enhance our suburban and rural offerings
 to the Verizon Wireless Tower Transaction,
 and we cemented our position
 at the largest independent broadcast tower owner
 in the country through the strategic broadcast
 our acquisitions we've made over the last several years.
 We expect this differentiated portfolio of assets will enhance our organic U.S. growth,
 given that they are locations particularly well suited to serve these pending initiatives.
 In our international markets, we're now projecting organic tenant buildings growth of between
 9 and 10 percent down slightly from the approximately 10 percent we have layered into our prior
 outlook.
 Additionally, as we have stated previously, we expect our International Organic Tenant
 billings rate to decline sequentially throughout the year, largely as a result of the calculation
 methodology as Viya moves into the beginning run rate starting in the second quarter.
 Our underlying international business continues to be strong, supported by our increasing
 global diversification, and as a result, we're actually raising our expectations for the
 contribution for gross commenced new business by nearly 1% from our prior outlook.
 We do, however, expect this increase to be offset by higher assumed churn levels.
 Charity is now estimated to be in the low 3% range internationally for the year versus
 2.3% in the prior outlook.
 This incremental chart is attributable to updated expectations regarding the ongoing
 carrier consolidation and market rationalization process in India, which is proceeding in
 at a slightly faster pace than we had previously anticipated.
 while it creates a near-term headwind,
 We view the consolidation process as a long-term structural
 positive for the market, and in the future we expect stronger, well-capitalized tenants
 to support an industry where wireless competition can be incrementally more rational.
 This scenario may be further enhanced by the increasing presence of independent stakeholders
 in some of the captive tower companies in the marketplace.
 Additionally, I would note that our revised outlook actually includes an increase of about
 2% in the expected contribution from new business
 Commencements in India signaling continued underlying strong demand for tower space in
 the market as new network technologies are rolled out.
 So to summarize, we expect another year of solid,
 international organic kind of filling growth as a result of increased levels of co-location
 in an amendment activity in our international markets,
 despite lower CPI-based escalators and some increased churn assumptions in India.
 We're also raising our outlook for ejected ebony,
 consolidated AFFO and consolidate AFFO per share.
 We're raising our expectations for adjusted EBITDA.
 by about $70 million, or 1.8%,
 which reflects about 42 million dollars
 from positive foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
 about $26 million from the benefit
 of net straight line recognition.
 Additionally, we now expect SG&As, a percentage of revenue, of about 7.7%, a decline of around
 20 basis points from the prior year.
 We expect this increase in adjusted EBITDA
 to translate into higher consolidated AFFO
 and consolidated AFFO for share as well.
 We're raising our consolidate,
 raising our outlook for Consolidated AFFO by $55 million,
 or about two percent, and now expected to generate
 Consolidated AFFO of over $2.8 billion for the year.
 We're also raising our expectations for consolidated FFO per share by 2%,
 and now expect to generate over $6.50 of consolidated AFFO per share at the midpoint of our outlook.
 Turning to slide 9, we deployed approximately $1.2 billion of capital in the first quarter,
 over $500 million for acquisitions and $225 million of stock repurchases.
 We spent over $150 million for discretionary Capdex
 build new sites, enhance the capacity of existing sites,
 strategically invest in land,
 and to bring newly acquired sites up to AMT standards
 with start-up cap X.
 We also spent about $24 million on non-discretionary maintenance and corporate capex, representing
 less than one and a half percent of our consolidated revenues for the period.
 In addition, we declared about $291 million in common and preferred dividends in the quarter,
 growing our common stock dividend by around 22%.
 All the while, we continued to de-lever and ended the quarter
 at a last quarter annualized net leverage ratio of 4.6 times.
 Subsequent to the quarter end through April 26th,
 We've continued to buy back shares,
 bringing our year-to-day purchases to over $400 million.
 The strength of our capital deployment strategy continues to be evidenced by our strong track
 record of growth across our P-financial metrics, as well as a rising return on invested capital
 across their business in both our U.S. and international
 operations, ROIC expanded in Q1.
 Our U.S. ROIC increased about 0.6 percent year-over-year to 11.3 percent, despite the
 non-recurrence of $31 million in decommissioning revenue from the first quarter of 2016.
 Meanwhile, our international ROIC rose to 10.1 percent,
 primarily driven by continuing solid organic new business growth.
 This performance is especially encouraging
 light of the fact that our international ROIC includes the impact of over 46,000 newer
 lower initial margin sites not included in the prior year comparison.
 As a result, our consolidated return on invested capital expanded to 10.5% in the quarter, up
 over 40 basis points year-over-year.
 This reflects our strong Q1 results,
 the benefit of increased net straight line recognition
 for amended MLA, as well as seasonally low maintenance
 cap X and cash taxes. For the full year, even without the benefit of this seasonal
 favorability, we expect consolidated ROIC to be above 10%.
 As you can see on slide 10,
 Our capacity for discretionary capital allocation
 continues to grow and we expect to use that capacity to help us drive compelling total
 returns for our stockholders.
 given them more than four billion dollars and adjusted even in midpoint
 outlook, we now anticipate having about one and a half billion dollars in
 incremental borrowing capacity for the year, which is about $600 million higher than our
 initial outlook.
 Since our expectations for our comment stock dividend
 and CAPEX program remain unchanged.
 we expect the vast majority of this incremental capacity
 to flow through to our discretionary capital allocation.
 about $125 million of that total has been earmarked for our entrance into
 the power way, with more than $400 million had it being spent for share repurchases
 year today. That still leaves us with over $1.1 billion available to allocate in our
 discretion between additional acquisitions and share repurchases.
 Turning to slide 11, and in summary, we extended our extract record of the
 livering double-digit growth across our key financial metrics in the first quarter.
 highlighted by our 16th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in both adjusted EBITDA
 and consolidated AFFO.
 At the same time, we continue to delever while growing our common stock dividend by 22% and
 simultaneously purchased over $400 million worth of shares year-to-date under our buyback
 program.
 strong first quarter results, coupled with a backdrop of expected, continued positive
 global demand and incrementally more favorable FX rates have enabled us to meaningfully raise
 our outlook for property revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and consolidated AFFO, and consolidated
 AFFO for share.
 In addition, due to the growth in the business, we have a sizable amount of incremental borrow
 capacity, which could be deployed to generate incremental value, and with that, I'll turn
 to call over to Jim.
 Yeah, thanks.
 I can tell you that the last one is easy.
 from an FX perspective if the spot rates stay
 for the rest of the year.
 The math works out to be an incremental $66 million of property revenue, $31 million of
 adjusted EBITDA and $22 million of consolidated amp.
 Actually, we'd expect the COLOs and amendments to be pretty consistent from a dollar perspective
 throughout the year, as well as, obviously, escalations.
 So now we would impact on a full year basis, 16 versus 17
 on a colo and then it faces to be up, you know,
 Right, it's over 15%, I think is what we
 down a million dollars on it, you know, for the next Q2, Q3, Q4, but at least based upon
 on what we see right now and to the extent that we see something differently in the next
 We'll update our outlook at that point in time.
 And by the way, if you go back and take a look at, I think, the supplemental, you'll
 see that we actually had quite a strong Q3 and Q4 of last year as well.
 So we had a rising growth coming into the end of last year, which gave us more confidence
 even in terms of looking at 2017.
 So I think that's how you get the man through.
 Yeah, I mean, historically, I think it's a good benchmark for the future.
 I mean, both in our U.S. as well as in international,
 look to the churn to being in that, on an annual basis,
 in that 1 to 2% range.
 So I think what we're seeing in some of the international markets, particularly as we
 talked about in India is a slightly higher rate of churn due to this consolidation that's
 going on in the market, which we think at the back end is going to prove to be a much
 much stronger market from a wireless perspective, and I would expect the higher-elevated churn
 in India, probably to exist for the next several quarters, probably into 2018, but I would expect
 overall than going forward, the international turn to be back down into that one to two
 percent right.
 I mean, I think in terms of the, you know, it obviously varies by carrier, but, you know,
 given kind of the 4G deployments that we're having,
 We're still largely amendment-driven in the market, which differs slightly from some
 of our international markets, which are driving Golo, which is really just driving new coverage.
 So, you know, I would expect us to continue to be overall largely weighted to amendment
 activity, but as I said, it varies by carrier.
 from the escalator perspective, it's pretty consistent, I think, throughout the year.
 I mean, I would expect for the year it to be in that 3.1% area just north of the 3%,
 which is really where we landed in Q1.
 So it's quite consistent throughout the year.
 But again, it's somewhat predictable because 95% of our contracts are actually fixed rate
 in the United States, so I would expect consistency throughout the year.
 Amir, I mean, our playbook for capitalization has been the same for the last, you know,
 ten years.
 And it's really, where can we allocate the capital
 to drive us the highest NPV and the highest value.
 And so, you know, we have, you know,
 development teams around the globe looking at every opportunity that's out there and
 There is a pipeline of activity in every market
 that we're doing business in.
 And we'll continue to evaluate, and to the extent that we can drive a higher value
 from those types of things versus a buyback
 and we'll continue to do it.
 You saw, we just announced another transaction in South America, which fits nicely within
 our total portfolio.
 My sense is that there'll be a lot of little carvings like that type of a transaction.
 I've mentioned this before, but we own less than a third of all the inventory in the markets
 that we're doing business in.
 So our focus would be continually to look at the markets that we're in,
 to look at the opportunities for M&A in those markets and to the extent that it makes sense
 for us and exceeds, obviously, our risk-adjusted cost of capital and we think that we can get
 better on TV there than buying back a share at this point in time, we'll move down that
 Yes.
 There are several legs to the capital allocation pool,
 what we're looking to do both.
 just as we did in the first corner.
 You know, up the year today, we bought over $400 million this year.
 but we did close on the transaction in France,
 And as I mentioned, just announce this other transaction
 So we're doing all of these things at once and we'll continue to look at transactions
 in that light.
 I think that's a very reasonable expectation
 that we should see in that market over the next several years.
 You know, over the end of the week,
 at the end of this year will be actually merging our existing legacy business into the buy-on
 business. We would expect even synergy opportunities there going forward. And as we continue to
 lease up and the market will continually, just as every other model that we have around
 the world continually see opportunities.
 We think now with the 50 plus thousand sites
 that we've got in the marketplace,
 we've got that type of scale in the market
 that we think is important from a carrier perspective.
 So I think you're thinking about our future in that market exactly as we're thinking
 about it and the reasons that we're so excited about the opportunity for quite a bit of time.
 Well, let me clarify. I mean, I think you're going to see the, because it's higher level
 of churn as a result of this consolidation into 2018.
 So we would expect to see this for probably the next 12 to 24 months, really just as you
 You said because of the industry consolidation going on and the network deployments, which
 to see this higher level of churn.
 But what I mentioned in my remarks,
 what we're very excited about seeing
 We're also seeing a much higher level of co-location and amendment activity going in the marketplace
 And so I think kind of to your first point,
 you know, given the demand that we see in the marketplace, it really is, you know, deriving
 the growth in the market given kind of the amount of capital that the carers are putting
 in, but we'll see the chart probably for the next 12, 24 months in the market.
 No, thanks.
 And it's really hard to isolate at any one specific time, but given the long-term holistic
 agreements we are into are supported by all three assets.
 The demand from our customers, really over the last several years, has been more heavily
 ...
 towards amendments, as we mentioned before.
 And as a result of the technology and spectrum upgrades,
 Our customers really have been investing
 across the entire footprint.
 The legacy ATC and GTP portfolios have certainly benefited given their high existing tendency
 compared to the Verizon portfolio.
 So I'd say that over the last few years, our legacy ATC
 portfolio is growing right in line with the average of our US and the GTP portfolio is
 it's probably grown slightly more than our legacy base.
 portfolio of lower existing tenancy and the demand of armament for amendments, the Verizon
 portfolio is growing a bit slower than our legacy base.
 In just this year, we've certainly seen an uptick in demand for new tenancy or co-location,
 which we expect will be heavily weighted
 to our Verizon portfolio.
 So I think as Jim alluded to, we believe that the macro towers are positioned to see further
 increase in demand. For those increased tendencies, the next layer of densification occurs across
 the suburban and rural markets and I think the Verizon portfolio is a really
 well positioned to gain strong demand during that period.
 Yeah, David, on your second question, there will be now, it's just math, in terms of including
 the volume base into the calculation for organic growth going into the second quarter.
 And so that's kind of that natural step down that I know you're very familiar with.
 But when you take a look at kind of our legacy India business, which I think was what the
 question was, you know, we've been looking at kind of double digit growth rates and organic
 growth in those particular markets and so as I said on a consolidated basis we're probably
 looking in India, you know, in the 7% range, in terms of total growth going forward for
 And again, that really, that's versus the high growth rate that we saw in the first
 quarter.
 A good piece of that is a function of that the math step down, but also an anticipation
 you know, that some of that accelerated churn that I talked about in the business going forward.
 we'll start to see that, I think, more broadly
 in the second half of the year, contract points.
 Am I on your other question, just in terms of average remaining lease term, you know,
 on a consolidated basis,
 average remaining lease term at the end of Q1 is 5.6 years, and that's been very consistent
 for the last several quarters in the U.S.
 It's 5.7 years, which, again, very consistent.
 obviously varies by market, but, you know,
 in that five to six years remaining on a consolidated basis.