 Welcome to the Eversource Energy Q3 2020 Results Conference call.
 My name is John, and open your operator for today's call.
 At this time, all participants are in this only mode.
 Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.
 during the question and answer session.
 And if you do have a question, press star, then one, and you're touched phone, phone.
 please note that this conference is being recorded.
 And I want to turn the call over to Jeffrey Kotkin.
 Thank you very much, John.
 Good morning and thank you for joining us.
 I'm Jeff Kotkin.
 Source Energy's Vice President for Investor Relations.
 Bring this call, we'll be referencing slides that we posted last night on our website.
 And as you can see on slide one, some of the statements made during this investor call
 may be forward-looking as defined within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions
 of the U.S. private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
 The forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are
 subject to risk and uncertainty, which may cause the actual results to differ materially
 for forecast and projections.
 These factors are set forth in the news release issued yesterday.
 information about the various factors that may cause actual results to differ, can be
 be found in our annual report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31st, 2019 and
 our form 10Q for the three months ended June 30th, 2020.
 Additionally, our explanation of how and why
 we use certain non-GAP measures and how those measures reconcile to GAP results is contained
 within our news release and the slides we posted last night, and in our most recent
 10K.
 Seeking today will be Phil Lembo, our Executive Vice President and CFO.
 joining us today are Joe Nolan, our executive vice president for strategy, customer, and
 corporate relations, John Herrera, our Treasurer and Senior VP for Finance and Regulatory, and
 J.P.
 boost our controller.
 Now, I will turn slide two and turn over the call to Phil.
 Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. I hope everyone on the call remains healthy
 and that your families are safe and doing well.
 This morning, I'll cover a variety of the areas.
 review the results of the third quarter.
 discussed recent regulatory developments, including the acquisition of the assets of
 of Columbia gas of Massachusetts.
 Provide an update on recent developments
 around our offshore wind partnership with Orcest.
 I'll start with slide two.
 noting that recurring earnings were $1.02 per share
 the third quarter of 2020 compared with recurring earnings of $0.98 per share in the third quarter
 of 2019.
 gap results, which include a charge of one cent per share relating to the recent leak
 completed acquisition of the assets of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts,
 total $1.01 per share in the third quarter of 2020.
 in the first nine months of 2020,
 recurring earnings excluding Columbia Gas Acquisition cost, total $2.80 per share compared
 with recurring earnings of $2.69 per share in the first nine months of 2019 and excluding
 the northern path transmission impairment charge.
 GAP results for September of this year were $2.76 per share.
 Turning to our business segments, our electric distribution segment are in sixty cents per
 We're sharing the third quarter of 2020.
 with earnings of $0.61 per share in the third quarter of 2019.
 The low earnings were results of both higher storm restoration costs and property tax
 expense as well as the impact of sub-shared dilution.
 Our electric transmission segment earns $0.36 per share in the third quarter of 2020 compared
 with recurring earnings of 33 cents per share in the third quarter of 2019.
 The approved results were driven by the continued investment and reliability in our transmission
 facilities.
 partially offset by insured volition.
 Redacted gas distribution segment lost 4 cents per share in the third quarter of 2020 compared
 with a loss of $0.05 per share in the third quarter of last year, improved results with
 do you do higher revenues?
 I should note that because we didn't close on our acquisition of Columbia Gats of Massachusetts
 assets until October 9th.
 The transaction had no impact on this, the gas segment, the segment during the quarter.
 Each quarter this year, we've booked acquisition-related costs at the parent and have segregated
 done for increased transparency.
 beginning in the fourth quarter of this year,
 ongoing results of our new gas franchise, which is named
 ever-sourced gas company of Massachusetts will be reflected in the natural gas segment.
 related costs, however, will continue to be recorded separately at the parent and excluded
 from our recurring GAP earnings.
 Our water distribution segment earned seven cents per share
 in the third quarter of 2020,
 compared with earnings of six cents per share
 in the third quarter of 2019,
 Improved results were due to a $3.5 million after tax gain on the sale of our Hena, Massachusetts
 area facilities to the town.
 Episode's period are three cents per share in the third quarter of 2020, excluding the
 the Columbia Gas of Massachusetts Asset Acquisition
 5.
 uh... equal to our earnings in the third quarter of last year
 As you probably noted in our earnings release,
 that you can see on slide three.
 We are reaffirming our 2020 earnings per share guidance of $3.60 to $3.70, and it is excluding
 The non-recurring cost related to the purchase of Columbia gas of Massachusetts
 assets.
 We are also reaffirming our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% for my core regulated
 business through the year 2024. We continue to be, to expect to be somewhere around the
 middle of that range, largely due to the investments we need to make on behalf of our customers
 as we outlined for you earlier in the year.
 As a reminder, while we fully expect the Columbia Gas Assets
 to be accreted to our earnings per share.
 starting immediately in 2021.
 We have not yet updated our long-term financial outlook
 to reflect the acquisition of Columbia gas assets in our capital, our CAPEX, that are
 for our earning growth.
 in addition, as we disclosed previously.
 from offshore wind would be incremental to our core business growth.
 We'll provide a comprehensive update of our Regulated Capital Investment Forecast, adding
 in.
 the Swiss gas company of Massachusetts Projections,
 and provide an update of our offshore wind partnership
 during her year-end call in late February.
 You are.
 From the third quarter results, I'll turn to slide four, and our experience restoring
 power after Tropical Storm Itaïs ravaged Connecticut on October 4th.
 We serve 149 cities and towns in Connecticut, and every one of these communities suffered
 damage from East IES.
 much of it catastrophic.
 As you can see on the slide, we had nearly 22,000 damaged locations that we had to address
 and brought in an army of electric restoration and tree crews to restore power.
 all the while working on the restoration in a pandemic setting.
 The restoration process lasted nine days,
 meaning we completed our work one to two days faster than we had in the last two tropical
 storms that hit Connecticut, even though we had 30 to 35 percent more of the image location.
 And most importantly, we completed that work safely, with no serious electrical contact
 and no COVID exposure among the enormous work
 what we brought to Connecticut.
 Just a tremendous effort by all of our employees from across all parts of every source.
 At this time, we estimate that deferred costs across all three states will total more than
 and $275 million, with a vast majority of that sum incurred in Connecticut.
 That figure will be adjusted as the actual invoices are received.
 We're still actively pursuing invoices from hundreds of vendors that assisted us during
 in the statewide restoration effort.
 where we were setting new poles or hanging miles of new wires or replacing hundreds of
 of the transformers.
 These related costs have to be capitalized.
 the ultimate recovery of storm costs
 and the evaluation of performance, I mean, safely,
 And that's the viciously restoring power to our customers.
 is pending an ongoing review
 by the Connecticut Public Utilities Regulatory Authority
 of Pura.
 That review is scheduled to be completed in late April of 2021.
 Sticking with our regulated business.
 I'll turn it to slide 5 in a review of this year's distribution rate reviews.
 This past Friday, the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities issued its decision in
 We need to start gas rate review that we filed last year.
 It supports our continued investment in the NSTAR-DS system on behalf of our 300,000
 The decision allows NSTAR GAF to increase distribution revenues by $23 million on an
 the annualized basis.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 an ROE of 9.9% and a capital structure with a 54.77% equity.
 It also permits us to implement performance-based rate making for a 10-year term that would
 It sounds operating performance by inside gas will target annual base rate increases
 of...
 inflation plus 1.03%.
 This is an earning sharing mechanism that would return 75% of the benefit to customers
 should we see the ROE of 10.9% and sharing mechanism
 on the DAB side if our ROE falls below 8.4%.
 Also exciting is the decision also approves our first ever geothermal pilot program.
 Our other long-standing rape proceeding involves public service of New Hampshire.
 In an intro last month, we and all the parties to the PSNH rate case filed a proposed settlement
 in the rate review that is dependent for nearly
 you know, a year and a half.
 As you can see from the slide, we settled on a $45 million annualized rate increase
 That includes a 9.3% return on equity and a 54.4% equity layer.
 should regulate its approved settlement,
 a permanent increase would take effect in January 1st of 2021.
 We recall that the New Hampshire Public Utility Commission allowed us to implement a temporary
 rate increase of approximately $28 million back in July.
 July 1st of 2019.
 The final approval is signed.
 approved rates would be retroactive back to that date, 18 months.
 We would recover that in a true up over the course of the year 2021.
 We can consider this element to be a constructive outcome
 to PSMH's first general increase in about a decade.
 and have asked the New Hampshire PUC to approve the settlement before the end of November.
 From the rate review, reviews, I'll turn to slide six
 and our recently completed acquisition of the assets of Columbia Gas in Massachusetts
 for $1.1 billion of cash excluding working capital adjustments.
 Most of these assets were signed to every Swiss gas company in Massachusetts, a new subsidiary.
 I mentioned that we formed in May of 2020.
 As you can see on the slide, much of FSWIS gas
 the service territories adjacent to NSTAR gas or Yankee gas service territories.
 Additionally, Instire Electric already provides electric service to about 20 of the communities
 that ever-swiss gas serves with natural gas.
 as a result we expect to realize operational benefits
 for our newest 330,000 natural gas customers
 and the communities where they live.
 To finance the transaction, we sold approximately $500 million of equity in June and we financed
 the death portion of the transaction in August.
 And again, we are very confident that this transaction will be
 be creative to our earnings per share in 2021.
 and incrementally treated in the years ahead.
 A critical factor in ensuring that this transaction brings benefits to all stakeholders is an
 eight-year rate plan that we negotiated with the Massachusetts Attorney General and other
 key priorities prior to upviling with the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities.
 The key elements of that plan are listed on slide 7.
 It will allow us to make the necessary investments
 in our Episode Gas of Mass System,
 and reflect those investments and rates in a reasonably timely manner.
 We're thankful that the DPU approved this settlement in the acquisition very quickly.
 Now that we have the key to the property and a long-term plan in place, we have focused
 on providing our new Emerson's gas customers
 at the same high level of service that we provide our other 550,000 natural gas distribution
 and company customers that we have in Massachusetts and Connecticut.
 As I noted earlier, we plan to integrate every source gas of Massachusetts into our updated
 five year projections that will provide you in February.
 We continue to project approximately $3 billion of regulated company capital investment
 this year, despite the challenges posed by the pandemic, and the need to take crews off
 of capital projects for a significant part of August to deal with the aftermath of tropical
 stormy Saïd.
 Through September, our capital investments totaled approximately $2.2 billion.
 approximately the same level as this time last year in 2019. We made considerable progress
 on our Transmission Capital Program in the third quarter, putting several projects into
 to service at or below budget.
 And these benefits of lower costs will slow through to New England's electric customers.
 From the regulated business, I'll turn to offshore wind partnership with Orsted on slide 8.
 We've had a few developments since July 31st earnings call.
 But the most significant development was that in August, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management
 posted a...
 complete review schedule for our 130 megawatt South Fork project on Lannis Island.
 The schedule culminates in a decision on a construction and operations permit or COP as
 that's known in mid-January of 2022.
 We're also making progress on the other permits.
 September.
 We filed a settlement proposal with the New York Department of Public Service to resolve
 of much of the stakeholder feedback,
 related to the construction, operations,
 in maintenance of the project that lies within New York jurisdiction.
 October several of New York State agencies signaled their support for this proposal by signing
 on to the agreement.
 We've structured an agreement on host community payments in the necessary real estate rights
 with the town of East Hampton, where the offshore cable will land,
 and will be connected to the Long Island grid.
 New York Public Service Commission, citing hearings for soft work, is scheduled to commence
 It's the first week of December.
 We continue to expect the state signing process
 it could be completed in 2021 before bone issues the cost.
 Based on that schedule, we now expect the project into service in the fourth quarter of 2023.
 This is consistent with the expectations we disclosed during our May and July earnings
 calls while we were still waiting for the review schedule.
 journey to our other projects, you recall that
 We filed our goal and application for revolution wind in March.
 We expect phone to establish a review schedule for that project in the first quarter of 2021.
 We do not expect to provide an updated NINTS service date for this project until the schedule
 is issued, but at this point it's unlikely that the project will end as a service by
 by the end of 2023.
 Also, we filed our sunrise wind application with BOM on September 1, and expect BOM to
 to establish a review schedule for the project.
 next year.
 Once we receive that review schedule, we'll be able to better estimate a more up-to-date
 in service schedule.
 But again, at this time, it would seem that the end of 24
 service is not likely.
 We are very optimistic about our offshore wind business and expect to have many opportunities
 over the coming months and years,
 start to expand our offshore wind partnership beyond the 1,714 megawatts currently on the
 the contract. As we mentioned before, we have enough lease capacity to construct at least
 four thousand megawatts
 on the 550 square miles of ocean tracks that we have on the long-term leaf
 off the southeast coast of Massachusetts.
 To this point, on October 20th, we submitted a number
 of alternative bids into the second New York offshore wind
 where the state is looking for between 1,000 and 2,500 megawatts.
 New York State officials have indicated that they expect to announce the winners before the end of the year.
 Our Sunrise Project, as a reminder,
 one of the largest portions of New York's first IRMP last year, 880 megawatts.
 Additionally, just last week, Rhode Island Governor Gino Romondo announced that her state
 will target early next year for issuing an RSP to 600 megawatts of additional offshore
 wind. As you know, the majority of our revolution wind capacity, 400 megawatts, will be sold
 to Rhode Island with the balance going to Connecticut.
 Thank you very much for joining us this morning, and I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
 Thanks, Phil.
 And I'll turn the call back to John just to remind you how
 to enter questions in the Q&A queue.
 Thank you.
 If you do have a question, press star then 1 on your touch-tone phone.
 Once again, that's Star Than One on your Touchtone phone.
 If you wish to be removed from the queue, please press the pound sign or the hash key.
 Thank you, John.
 Our first question this morning is from Shar from Guggenheim.
 Good morning, Shar.
 Good morning, Jeff. Good morning, Phil.
 Good morning, Chair.
 So a couple of questions here.
 I just feel some of your language around sort of the growth rate, you know, obviously which
 still excludes Columbia gas and offshore wind.
 Obviously these are, you know, very creative and you're already conservatively kind of
 while within your band.
 So should we sort of be thinking
 about these incremental items as potentially rating your growth rate to maybe six to eight
 percent or something that will hit you to the top end and then sort of extend that runway
 by with your current trajectory.
 I mean, the reason we ask is 6% to 8% seems to be sort of that new top quartile bucket
 in our space where 5% to 7% is becoming a little bit more typical.
 Secure is how you're sort of thinking about this.
 Do you see value to be a talk to be in the top quartile or you don't think you're
 and you get rewarded for it.
 So, I'm curious on that as we think about you layering its plan.
 Sure, thanks for the question, and I hope you are doing well.
 Certainly the addition of Columbia gas and will be additive to our existing forecast.
 So, we're working through all the details of that
 so we're able to provide you with a full update in February,
 but we expect to get a significant benefit from that franchise.
 And, as you say, we also expect as those offshore wind projects come online to also be added
 to remind folks, I know I said it but, and you gave, that the 5% to 7% growth rate is
 from the existing core business, which doesn't include Columbia assets.
 It also doesn't include, you know, grid modernization activities that are currently pending in
 Connecticut and New Hampshire or AMI that could be a potential to move forward relatively
 soon in Massachusetts in terms of taking a look at that by the regulator.
 So I see that we have a number of levers to grow and grow at even a higher rate than
 he had expected before.
 Got it. That's helpful.
 I'm going to just laugh at it for a minute.
 Can you just maybe talk a little bit about your expectations for the legislation and
 in Connecticut. I mean, the legislation that passed was more constructive than the draft
 but obviously some disappointment with the refunds and penalties offset by the potential
 the upside from my PBRs.
 So sort of how are you guys thinking about this entire one?
 Sure.
 The energy legislation, we said consistently that PBR is a formula and a template that
 that we think is effective.
 We have PBR structures in other states.
 And we think that having a robust discussion on PBR
 in Connecticut makes a lot of sense, so we're very supportive of that provision.
 And, you know, really, you know, the energy legislation directed Pura to evaluate that
 and open a docket by the middle of next year.
 So June of 2021, and it authorizes PURE to, you know, establish storm standards and potential
 of penalties as you mentioned.
 There is an increased potential of penalties.
 Currently, those penalties are two and a half percent of our distribution revenues in Connecticut
 and that goes up, goes up to 4%.
 So, you know, it also just purifies some additional time, you know, to review cases, so, you know,
 which is also something that, you know, seems to be appropriate.
 So the legislation, as you indicated, is out there.
 and pure is working through the details of it
 and we expect to be working through that
 in a constructive way with them over the next several months.
 You caught it.
 That's all I had for today.
 Thanks, guys.
 All right.
 Thanks, guys.
 Our next question is from Steve Fleischman from Wolfe.
 Good morning, Steve.
 Dave?
 Good morning.
 Well, can you hear me?
 Yes, Steve, I can.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Just a question on the delays in your offshore wind projects.
 Could you maybe talk to, I know we don't know the exact timing, but how should we think
 Think about the impact on the economics of those projects from delay or puts and takes
 And is it hurting the economics that the projects you're already have signed up to?
 Yeah.
 Thanks for your questions, Stephen.
 I hope you and your family are doing well.
 I guess we need to go to the puts and takes piece.
 I don't think that folks should automatically think
 that schedule changes result in ups or downs.
 there's some benefits or that people may not consider in that.
 So certainly, if you are looking at adjusted schedules,
 You might be able to adjust your installation vessel optimization better, you know, determine
 size themselves are getting larger so you could move to larger turbine sizes if projects
 are due at a later time period versus an earlier time period.
 And certainly, the cost supply chain and availability of materials and supply chain is only getting
 better.
 So I would say that, you know, there's opportunities for improved cost economics as you move into
 schedule that, you know, you may not think of, you know, I think people generally think
 of projects as, you know, if it's a delay, it's a cost increase, but there are other
 elements that work here on the offshore wind business that offset that.
 How about, how about any negatives?
 Is it how about like do you lose you're gonna lose any tax credits or anything else?
 Yes, certainly.
 I guess just fine value.
 Yes, in terms of the schedules we're looking at, we don't expect to have any impact on
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 But certainly significant delays, delays could have impacts on your tax assumptions, delays
 It could also have impacts on contracts that you have with counterparties, but in our specific
 So that's the general case in our specific case.
 We're confident that we have the ability to work within both of those, uh, the tax area
 and the contract area in an effective way
 with where we see the schedules going in the future.
 Okay, thank you
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Angie from Seaport Global.
 Good morning, Angie.
 Good morning.
 So I have a question about Massachusetts.
 Maybe they've had this very constructive decision for M-3 gas, but the state is clearly looking
 up to the future of gas ODCs.
 So how do you guys see it, especially in light of the fact
 that you just acquired an additional gas utility
 in Massachusetts.
 Good morning, Angie, and thank you for your question and hope you're doing well.
 You know, the way that I was positioned or the way that I think people should think about
 it is that there's nobody, first of all, who's more aggressive in terms of looking at clean
 energy strategies and carbon reduction and every source in terms of having carbon-neutral
 goals like 2030 we have worked effectively with all parties in all
 but in Massachusetts where the Attorney General and others want to take a look at, you know,
 sort of the future or the outlook in terms of the gas business, we've been working with
 with these intervening parties for many years and we'll continue to work with them on what
 we think an appropriate strategy is there.
 So this is a long-term outlook in terms of that the state wants to, you know, have aggressive
 clean energy and carbon reduction targets with wholly supportive of that, and we look
 forward to working with all the parties there, but we don't see it as a
 as a threat to the gas distribution business in the region at all.
 Okay.
 And in Connecticut, you know, there's this recent back and forth between you guys and
 about the extension of the lack of, basically, disconnections on the back of COVID.
 I mean, it sounds a bit concerning that porous pushing back so strong that they don't need
 to sign off on that extension, I mean, I would assume that it's an actual practice, normal
 practice for a regulated utility to seek a recovery of these, you know, under-recovered
 I mean, can you give us a sense, you know, how you see it in Connecticut, given the
 latest, you know, legislative changes and also some
 deterioration and, you know, regular relationships in the state?
 Yes, so we are not doing shutoffs across all any of our franchises at this point and specifically,
 You know, we're working, you know, we're working with customers.
 We're working with fuel agencies, assistance agencies on an approach here that works best
 for customers, we've also engaged with Pura,
 as you mentioned and other
 government officials, you know, on this issue.
 So I'm confident that we'll get to a good place here.
 nobody wants to burden customers with any more than we're all ready, all of us are burdened
 with in terms of the economic conditions and COVID, et cetera.
 So we're working through the issue.
 We're working through the issue.
 working with customers, as I say, and some of the assistance agencies, and I'm sure
 I'm sure we'll get to a good outcome here.
 Very good. Thank you.
 Thank you, Angie.
 Next question is from Julian from Bank of America.
 Good morning, Julian.
 Boots.
 Good morning, team. Thanks for the time.
 I hope all of you are doing well and safe with families as well.
 perhaps just to pick up off of us or perhaps clarify, if I can, some of the last rounds
 of questions.
 When you talk about the 4Q roll forward,
 You're going to be rolling to 2025, and then more specifically, how do you think about
 including or excluding offshore wind in light of the uncertainty described.
 Should we expect that offshore wind should continue to be at least for those projects
 for there's an undetermined date to continue to be excluded there?
 Stephen, thanks for your question and your comments, and I hope you and your family are
 doing well too. Just to clarify, we will, our history has been to add another year into
 into the outlook, so 2025 would be that year since our forecast goes through the 2024
 time period so that is something that you should expect to see and really our view
 on how to look at offshore wind. It doesn't change by any of the schedule items we talked
 about today or if we've looked at it as showing the core business as the driver and the foundational
 of the growth rate and then to show that wind is attitude to that in what way.
 So that would be the intent going forward.
 But I think that what I've been asked this question before, the answer is was and still
 as more years of wind come in to the actual results of that particular year, then to me
 It makes more sense to roll it all together.
 But at this age, the expectation, especially in this upcoming February update,
 It would be to have the core business extend that through 20, 25, and then show offshore
 in addition to that.
 And if you don't mind elaborating a little bit further, I know that there's a certain
 degree of uncertainty on exactly the perming schedule that inhibits your
 ability to say when these projects in a region service, can you at least try to put some
 more parameters around what each of these pieces of the process could take, such that
 There's like a window, if you will.
 It may be too early.
 Yeah, so in terms of, you know, people have realized out there, and we've been asked
 questions.
 I think you've asked us the questions in terms of, you know, with delays on vineyard wind
 in other things, there's been some delays in terms of
 bone notice of intent, of intent to prepare their environmental impact statement and frankly
 move.
 we wouldn't have expected in our original schedule
 schedules that some of these NOIs, you know, to prepare the environmental impact statement
 would be out by now.
 So these are expected, I believe, you know, the plan schedule for reviewing and releasing
 these is...
 is underway, so I wouldn't expect a significant change in the schedule, but at this stage
 it would be prudent to wait to see the schedule that comes out of the phone before we commit
 to a final in-service day.
 I wouldn't expect it to be significant.
 Got it. Excellent. Alright, I'll pass it from there. Thank you so much, Steve.
 Thanks, Julian.
 And next question is from Durgash from Evercore.
 Good morning.
 Good morning, guys.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 Sure.
 just following up on you know the offshore wind here what to expect you know
 There's this EIS decision, I suppose, that is going to be out, or EIS tape, and rather
 this month or early December, what do you expect there and then how does that impact
 your future project timelids.
 Yeah.
 You've noticed a bit of intense that they contain a plan schedule, you know, that in
 in those NOIs, they have contained bones,
 planned schedule for reviewing each of the clocks.
 So that would be an important piece of information to have available.
 So that's really what's included in that, is the plan schedule for reviewing the cost
 that comes out with the notice of an intense.
 I guess maybe I'm talking about the environmental impact statement, isn't there an environmental
 impact statement that Bohm is supposed to sort of put out here in the next few weeks.
 Thanks.
 You're talking about the one for vineyard, right?
 Yes.
 Yes, yes
 I'm not.
 I apologize, you probably have to ask Vinny Dwayne about that.
 Okay, but that doesn't have a read through for you
 or your offshore wind project, but I guess that's, that's,
 of what my question was.
 Well, certainly, all of the developers off the coast, you know, that we've been going
 through this cumulative impact study and looking at spacing and of wind turbines and we came
 up with one nautical mile by one nautical mile spacing, so certainly there could be
 components that come out in any decision for vineyard wind that you'd have to, you know,
 take a look at, see if it has any impacts on the developers, including us, but in terms
 of what might be in that or the exact timing, I think Vignette might have a better perspective
 know that.
 Okay, perfect. That's all I had guys. Thank you so much. All right. Thank you. Thanks to gosh
 Next question is from Jeremy from JP Morgan. Good morning Jeremy.
 Good morning. Thanks for having me
 I just want to start off with what are the benefits of looping ConEd into the proposed
 Sunrise 2, Sunrise Wind 2 RFP here.
 Eversource has the experience of building transmission,
 And we're curious what additional competitive advantage is.
 ConEd provides here to this specific project.
 Can you provide details on potential ownership interests for each entity and does ownership
 interest change once construction is complete and the project is in service?
 Thanks for your question, Hermione.
 I hope he's doing well.
 I guess I would say on the first part of the question that, sort of, obviously, Clonad
 has a local knowledge of uh...
 of New York and their service territory and the network and the operation of the transmission
 and delivery system that are valuable to any party if you're operating in New York, so
 I'd say they bring a knowledge and skill set of the area that certainly we don't have,
 as depth and knowledge as they would, so certain skill sets there that the local player would bring.
 So in terms of, you know, what the
 The components of a relationship would be those things are all to be discussed as we
 move through, but it's certainly beneficial, I think, to the project to have somebody
 with kind of skill sets involved.
 world.
 Got it in as far as potential ownership interest. Is there any kind of thoughts on how that could develop not at this time? No
 Got it.
 And then, will the delay in offshore wind permitting have any impact on the current
 Is it fair to assume the 700 million of equity in your current five-year plan moves to the
 back end here and how is offshore wind catbacks spending track Peter day
 versus the three to four hundred million range that you expected.
 Um, we haven't disclosed a, uh, range that we've expected.
 We've talked about how much we expect it to spend, you know,
 this year, you know, you know, you know, just for the year 2020, and it's tracking somewhat
 close that I'd say is probably a little bit under what we expected at this time.
 In terms of the financing, you're right that we announced a year ago, you know, this $2
 million dollars of equity need that would support the forecast that we issued 1.3 of
 So there's $700 million remaining that, and I would say the same thing as I said all along
 as we'd be opportunistic and consider what our capital forecasts are and what the market
 conditions are as we look to fulfill the rest of that offering that we discussed.
 Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
 And thanks, Jeremy.
 Next question is from Paul Patterson from Glen Rock.
 Good morning, Paul.
 Good morning, guys.
 Good morning, Paul.
 I just wanted to follow up on the draft decision in Connecticut on Monday and what your thoughts
 if we're on it, if it were in fact to become a final order, what the potential impact could be.
 Are you talking about the draft information on rates or what can you be more specific?
 there was a draft decision on on Monday in the uh...
 the PERA case associated with the rates, right, the rate review that was reversed, that proceeding,
 I can tell you that the specific name, um...
 No, that's okay, you know, I just wanted to be specific
 because as somebody else mentioned,
 has been a number of different...
 Yeah, I know you're a lot.
 So, as you recall, the pure suspended rates that we had implemented over the summer, both
 we and UI to take an additional look.
 I think this is what you're referring to.
 We did receive the draft order, and really it's kind of hot off the press, but currently
 evaluating that and we're going to, you know, see what comments we might have and comment
 on the draft could do.
 I think it's the 12th of November,
 so we have some time to flush out anything.
 But it's consistent with, on first blush, I'd say.
 It's consistent with the purest desire to have some rate changes, you know, move instead
 of implementing rates at peak times of usage, maybe such as July, implement them, what, you
 It changed the timing of it to implement it, maybe in a shoulder month, like May or something.
 and move to annual reconciliation as opposed to semi-annual.
 So this would, you know, it is, it is delayed.
 If this could have, effectively, this is a cash flow item and it could have an impact
 on deferrals that we have in place there.
 You know, I think it generally is consistent with the desire, as we said, to move off of
 these peak periods for making rate changes in the shoulder periods and see what we built
 from there.
 We're actively reviewing that last night and today, and we will be, and have any comments
 we may have with you, as I said, on the 12th.
 Okay, there was one part of it that would reduce the carrying charges from the, from
 to a prime rate on a variety of reconciliation mechanisms.
 Is there any, do we have any, I know this is off the press and everything, but do we
 have any sort of forecast as to
 what the um...
 those reconciliation mechanisms, like how much capital might be tied up in those?
 No, that you did, that is a point too, the carrying cost at Prime, which is consistent
 in some of the jurisdictions, I guess.
 So, no, it's not the significant, you know, item,
 But it's certainly one that Pure had put out there in the draft
 to recover the deferred balances with a prime rate versus a low lack.
 Okay.
 And then just, we don't know who the President's going to be, at least.
 But if there was a change in administration, do you think that could have or not have maybe
 a significant impact on the OEM permitting process with respect to offshore wind.
 The, the, the permitting process, I mean, when, when we meet with, with all the,
 BOM, you know, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, you know, that people are active,
 we're actively working, we're actively having, you know,
 Zoom meetings or team calls or whatever.
 The video capabilities are that we're using, but, you know, we're actively working that
 and...
 I can assure you that the people in the agency
 of working full speed regardless of, you know, who's, you know, president or what the election
 results are, but certainly it would be good to have, you know, the results of the election.
 I think we've all, as a country, you know, that the election results are something that
 that we've all targeted out there and wherever you fall on the
 the political spectrum is good to have certainty as opposed to uncertainty.
 I think we're all looking forward to what the final outcome is there so we can move forward.
 Okay.
 Okay, that's just for my clarity.
 But the process at the POEM is pretty much the agency, the bureaucratic process that's
 going on.
 Really, you don't see a significant change one way or the other,
 regardless of the outcome of the presidential election, is that the right understanding
 If the work at the agencies is going on, you know, there, you know, we've been meeting
 regularly, going through questions. We're working through the various state agencies.
 So, no, I'd say that the work is continuing at the, as you say, the bureaucrat level.
 Okay, awesome. Thanks so much
 All right.
 Thanks Paul.
 Next question is from Mike Weinstein from Credit Sleece.
 Good morning, Mike.
 Good morning.
 When he fell, yeah, all right, good.
 I hope you're doing well.
 Maybe you could just give it a quick two second update on what you think the outcome
 that FERC might be for transmission ROEs, considering, I don't know, if the election
 outcome as any effect on any of this accelerating an outcome.
 Well, Mike, that's a very big crystal ball that you're asking me about, so, but, again,
 thank you.
 And I hope you're doing well.
 Thanks for your question.
 I wish I had a better answer than to say that it's working its way through.
 We don't really have a specific clarity as to when
 might, you know, come up with something.
 I'm in New England.
 or pending in England cases and so the impact of the election one way or the other, what
 that could have in terms of commissioners and that type of thing.
 So, the only thing I know for certain is we're looking
 as our 10.57 rates and I'm reserving to that level
 an 11.74 cap.
 And, you know, we'll just have to wait and see what the final is.
 the final outcome we'll look at, but I don't really have any answer.
 I know in years past when I tried to think
 that one was coming, or it was going a certain way,
 It really hasn't materialized, so I think it's best to wait until the final order comes out at this point.
 Thank you.
 and uh...
 The bigger crystal ball question would be, you know, I know that Hydro-Quebec has a pretty
 big long-term construction plan for hydro generation up there, and I know that they're
 long-term plans included lots and lots of northern past type transmission lines.
 Do you think there's ever a time at some point where there might be another whack or another
 to go with transmission at some point,
 a big transmission project.
 I think a lot of that is dependent upon what the states want to get, right?
 So these are going to be processes now that are driven by states clean energy policies
 in the state's desire to have either offshore wind or solar or hydro in the mix.
 So, you know, there are certainly, there's a lot of activity at the states now.
 I mean, the states in our area all want aggressive carbon reduction targets, so it wouldn't be
 We ask the question to see if State, you know, want to, you know, contract for more of that,
 But there's nothing planned on our end.
 There's nothing that I see at this stage on the state's agenda that would say that,
 but when you say the word ever, you know, that's a long time.
 So it seems like the offshore wind program really has kind of supplanted that, at least
 to the time being.
 Yeah, I think that's a good way of looking at it.
 Okay, great, thank you very much.
 Okay, thanks, Mike.
 Our next question is from Insu Kim from Goldman Sachs.
 Good morning, Enso.
 Good morning, guys.
 My only question is, and apologies if I missed this, but could you give just an update on
 the Connecticut grid mark filings and any updates
 on expected decision from the commission.
 and, you know, timing of investments, et cetera.
 Thanks for your questions, and I hope you and your family are doing well.
 You didn't miss it.
 I mentioned, you know, in terms of what items could be additive to our five to seven percent
 My core business growth rate, I alluded to Grimmod in Connecticut or New Hampshire or
 Potemkin.
 potentially additional AMI.
 dockets in Massachusetts.
 But there's really been no change there.
 All the parties filed comments and plans back in July.
 And certainly you can understand there's been a lot going on, and I think I may have
 and said East IEIS was in October,
 but we all know that ETIFs was in August.
 So since August, there's been a lot of, you know, there's been a lot of focus on storms
 There's been a lot of dockets, and as somebody else mentioned, we have dockets going on in
 in terms of moratoriums and whatnot.
 So this, you know, the expectation was there was going to be another sort of go-round in
 in another process in Connecticut towards the end of the year.
 I really haven't seen anything that would indicate a specific schedule, you know, on that, so
 I guess our best guess is still, you know, it's still in the pipeline and you may see
 activity on grid lines there in Connecticut as we move over the next several months.
 But in terms of being in a forecast,
 I want to be clear that there is currently no zero.
 There's no grid-mod spending in our capital forecast for any grid-mod programs that haven't
 been approved like in Connecticut or New Hampshire. So, you know, once they are approved and once
 we see what our role would be in them, and once we see what that looks like, then we
 have more confidence in putting in the plan.
 So that could be something we have information on by the time we get to the February update.
 So, you know, we'll have to stay tuned on that.
 It makes sense. That's all I had. Thank you guys and stay safe.
 Thank you.
 All right, you do.
 Thanks, Andrew.
 The question is from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley.
 Good morning, David.
 Good morning.
 Hey Jeff, hi Phil. Thanks so much for taking my question.
 Thank you.
 And a quick follow-up on offshore wind, you know, in light of some of the recent delays.
 I was wondering if that changes how you're strategizing around other bids that you're
 putting into future RFPs, like baking in more contingency, anything that might give a greater
 level of comfort around the economic future projects that you might win.
 Thank you, Dave, for your comment, and I hope you and your family are doing well.
 Certainly, every piece of information that you get, you know, and this isn't just offshore
 And, you know, this is, you know, on all our business,
 but I'll focus on offshore wind since that's the question.
 You know, every month it goes by, every quarter it goes by, we gain more insight and information
 about construction, about weights, about lots of factors,
 with all of those things, all of those things are factored into subsequent bits, so the information
 that we have available to us, you know, as we're moving into a bit recent bit in New
 York is different than we had from bids that we made, you know, in Rhode Island or Connecticut
 of Massachusetts. So every data point is important to us and we factor that into the next bid.
 I'd say that, absolutely, that schedules and how you make it through the
 the fighting process and all of that informs, you know, some sort of bits and so I can assure
 that all those things get, you know, up to the minute attention before it goes in.
 Okay, got it. That's helpful. And I just wanted to touch on just O&M costs and the O&M budget.
 remind us how you see that trajectory just for the overall business going forward.
 And you've got a great track record of controlling O&M.
 So what are the key levers in your tool belt fill
 that you would focus on going forward for managing O&M.
 Thank you.
 I'm sure it's gonna be a little...
 You know, we've got people processing technology, right?
 So all those things are levers to help, you know,
 our capital program, as well as our operating program.
 So, you know, we continue to implement systems and technology
 that improves processes, that makes it more efficient
 and effective work for us.
 So we have, you know, still a robust, I'd say, series
 of technology improvements.
 If you, if you, I'll start off by just setting the space.
 And in the guidance we gave, we said that we expected O&M costs to be, you know, down
 this year.
 And then just a little...
 forecast period kind of flat going forward.
 forward. So, how are we able to do that? It is by some of these technology changes and
 we've been implementing more productivity management tools
 and tools for our, you know, individual line workers
 and gas fitters in the field to get their work,
 to update their work, that we can then take that
 and automatically update drawings and files.
 We don't need, you know, to hand it off to somebody.
 So there's still these productivity technology changes
 that are happening.
 some went in last year, some going in this year, and more planned for next.
 So that will be, I'd say, the lever, the underpinning for us
 to have the ability to continue to improve processes
 and take a needed cost out of the business.
 Okay, great. That's helpful. Thanks so much for the call.
 Caller.
 You're welcome.
 Thank you, David.
 Next question is from Bravis Miller from Morningstar.
 Good morning, Travis.
 Good morning.
 A quick clarification on the storm cost, that $275 million number, if I heard you correctly.
 How much did you expense in the quarter, and how much was either deferred or capitalized?
 or it will be pending that the regulatory filing that you mentioned.
 Sure.
 So that amount that you repeated was a deferred.
 that's how much of a storm class that we deferred in the tropical storm these
 and that was across all states, but primarily in Connecticut.
 So that's our deferral.
 that would be, you know, once the storm gets to a certain level, it triggers a deferral.
 So we, that fall is deferred storm cost right now.
 In terms of, if there are other storms, certainly we had, we had an active quarter for storms
 in general, but there are other storms other than Isaias that did impact the
 quarter. I mean, our storm costs were up, you know, about $10 million for the
 quarter that went through our O&M. So for the quarter, it's at that level, and then the
 the 274.5 that you mentioned is deferred across the system.
 Okay, great. That's that's very helpful. Thank you. And then a quick follow-up to the discussion on the Connecticut
 legislation and there's some language in there as I understood it's about the
 general assembly having some
 uh... review power
 there with what you're thought in terms of the scope of what
 general assembly separate from Pura could do in terms of either taking back some earnings
 or rate changes, stuff like that, separate from what's going on in the Pura.
 Well, certainly the General Assembly can enact legislation that it feels is appropriate
 in any matter.
 So, you know, I do think specifically
 to the energy legislation that was enacted recently in Connecticut, that most, you know,
 But things all were, you know, for the most part, moved to Pura, you know, so the regulator.
 So the, I guess I'd look at it as the legislation
 would provide the intent, the framework, the direction,
 and then Pura is the one who's going to be implementing.
 They're going to be the ones who evaluate the performance-based rates.
 they'll be the ones who initiate the storm, you know,
 standards and things like that, and look at, you know, should there be penalties or should
 there be...
 food, you know, penalties and things like that.
 So I think that effectively, you know, the General Assembly can certainly enact any
 in all legislation it should, and the way that this legislation seems to have turned
 out was that any implementation of that legislation is in the hands of Pura.
 Okay, so the potential for any or the risk for any kind of clawbacks would likely go through
 pure instead of going through the General Assembly based on that Connecticut legislation
 that you talked about.
 Yeah, as I say, the dockets will be active over a certain time date that the legislation
 has given Pura. So we expect that Pura will have the pen on this. But again, as I say,
 you know, legislation can always be enacted in any area.
 Yep. Okay. Great. Appreciate it.
 All right. Thank you, Travis.
 Our next question is from Andrew Weisel from Scotia.
 Good morning, Andrew.
 Thank you, sir.
 Hey, good morning.
 for squeezing me in.
 The first question is, with the two rate cases now completed, can you remind us what subsidiaries
 might be next to file general rate cases.
 We have plenty of regulatory items, of course,
 with GRIDMAT and other initiatives, but for general rate cases?
 Well, according to the requirements in Connecticut,
 Connecticut could be an area that is required to file by the existing framework that's there.
 And that would be something that would be sort of a, you know, next year sort of event.
 But other than that, we're pretty much out of the regulatory arena.
 Okay, great.
 then on offshore winds, can you just think, sorry,
 Can you share your latest thinking on how big you're willing to let that business get?
 They talk a lot about the opportunities that you're pursuing beyond the three existing
 projects, any thinking as far as from an earnings mix perspective, if there's a limitation or
 Or will you plan to just bid, bid, bid and get as many projects as your leases will support?
 Well, I want to be clear on this because I think it's a very important point that big,
 The biggest bit isn't that strategy.
 strategy is to have a financial discipline about growing that business in a way that
 that provides appropriate levels of returns
 that benefit our shareholders.
 So just by winning a bid, you know, doesn't do it.
 It has to be, we have to, and we continue to maintain financial discipline in terms of
 the amounts that we did and the returns that we're looking for.
 So as long as it returns, I rather
 at an appropriate level for that business,
 It makes sense to make the bid, win the bid, and expand the business there.
 What we've said is, our tracks, what we own off the coast of what we have access to in terms of the lease area,
 you know, we could do about 4,000, at least 4,000 megawatts of offshore wind.
 So there's kind of a, you know, that's the maximum capability that we have.
 So it's not an intimate growth type of thing.
 and we had indicated that when nieces were available
 that are not in our region that we were not interested in them.
 So, pieces in our region, like the ones we're involved in,
 They're good, but other leaf areas, you know, that's not for us in other parts of the mid-Atlantic, etc.
 So, we're constrained by the lease area and we're guided by the financial discipline
 on our bids and our returns.
 God, if that's really helpful, I guess I should have said bid bid bid responsibly.
 OK.
 Well.
 OK.
 I hope you stay well, I'm just saying.
 All right, Andrew, thank you very much.
 So that sort of wraps up today.
 If you have any follow-up questions, please give us a call or send us an e-mail and we
 to look forward to speaking and seeing many of you
 during the virtual EEI conference next week.
 And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference.
 Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.
 Thank you.
 All right.