 Welcome to the Bed, Bath & Beyond fiscal 2020 34 quarter earnings call.
 Our participants will be in a listen-only mode until the Q&A portion of the call.
 Today's call is being recorded.
 a rebroadcast of the conference
 will be available via webcast found on the company's Investor Relations website.
 at this time
 I would like to turn the conference over to Janet Barth,
 Vice President of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
 Thank you, and good morning, everyone.
 Welcome to our Fiscal 2020 Third Quarter Earnings Call.
 On the call with us today is President and CEO Mark Tritton, Chief Financial Officer
 and Treasurer Gustavo Arnal,
 Chief Operating Officer and President of Bye Bye Baby,
 John Hartman
 and Chief Digital Officer, Rafi Massoud.
 Before we begin, let me remind you that our fiscal 2020 third-quarter earnings release
 and slide presentation
 can be found
 in the Investor Relations section of our website
 at
 www.bedbathandbeyond.com
 And as exhibits to the Form AK, we just filed ahead of this call.
 This conference call and the slides we refer to may contain forward-looking statements,
 including statements about or references to
 our outlook regarding the company's performance
 or internal models in our long-term injectors.
 All such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
 to cause actual results to differ materially
 from what we say during the call today.
 Please refer to our most recent periodic SEC filings for more detail on these risks and
 uncertainties, including the risk factors section in our annual report on
 Form 10-K.
 The company
 undertakes no obligation to update or revise
 any forward-looking statements.
 Additionally, the information we will discuss today
 contains certain financial measures
 that exclude amounts
 or are subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding amounts
 that are included in the most directly comparable
 measure prepared in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles.
 For reconciliation to the most comparable measures
 presented in accordance with GATT,
 Please refer to the table in our earnings press release available on our website
 and include it as an exhibit to our Form 8K file today.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark.
 Thank you, Janet, and good morning and Happy New Year to you all.
 It's hard to believe it's been a full year
 since my first earnings call as CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond.
 and what an exceptional year of change it has been.
 At that time, I clearly stated our fiscal 2019 third quarter results were unsatisfactory
 and underscored the imperative to change.
 I declare that we must respond to the challenges we face as a business, including pressured
 sales and profitability
 and reconstruct a modern, durable model for long-term profitable growth.
 Today, we stand in a very different position as a company
 than we did just a mere 12 months ago.
 Firstly, we continue to execute on our digital first Omni Always strategy and have delivered
 a second consecutive quarter of comparable
 sales and EBITDA growth through strong margin management.
 Secondly, we responded to our customers
 wherever they needed it
 growing our Omni capabilities to accelerate profitable digital growth
 and grow our customer base.
 Thirdly, we continue to strengthen an already strong balance sheet
 and remain focused on ensuring liquidity,
 optimising costs and significantly reducing debt
 while driving positive cash flow generation.
 and while we drove
 overall business results, we also
 completed our non-Corbena
 monetization plan with the
 final transaction
 set to close in our fiscal 2024
 in the 24th quarter.
 will help fund our transformation
 and put us in the position to start fiscal 2021
 with a more cohesive set of core businesses.
 Our favourable sales results are also starting to be reflected in market share data month
 by month we have been minimising our
 share differentials versus the market
 and encouragingly, in the most recent NPD data for October and November,
 we achieve market share gains in the bed category
 with improving trends in both bath and kitchen categories.
 We expect to see continued improvement
 in market share trends
 as our strategy continues to take hold.
 Additionally, we continue to show strong market share strength
 in Wedding Registry, where we believe we are very well positioned as a market leader when
 we get back to celebrating important life moments, such as getting married.
 this has been achieved this quarter despite the
 significant headwinds of COVID-19.
 during our call today
 Gustavo Arnal, Chief Financial Officer
 and treasurer will review our third quarter financial results and then provide some perspective
 on our fourth quarter
 and her outlook for fiscal 2021.
 one. Then Raffi Masood
 Chief Digital Officer will speak about
 the quarter from a digital first and customer
 perspective. And then John Hartman, Chief Operating Officer and President by
 bye baby
 We'll do the same for our operations, including the progress on our plans to close underperforming
 stores and invest in our
 remaining portfolio.
 We will then take questions.
 Gustavo?
 thank you Mark
 And good morning, everyone.
 Today I will cover two key topics.
 First, I will provide perspective on the performance of our third quarter, as well as on December
 sales trends.
 And then, I will provide visibility on the current fourth quarter, as well as on our outlook for fiscal year 2021.
 To begin, it is important to note that our fiscal first quarter runs through September,
 October and November
 and consistent with last year,
 the Saturday of Thanksgiving weekend
 was the last date of the period.
 we delivered strong results
 despite extensive and widely
 reported COVID-related headwinds.
 These included lower food traffic trends,
 shipping capacity constraints, and much higher freight costs.
 Further, during a challenging holiday period, we strengthen our commercial plans to drive
 significant digital demand.
 while remaining focused on delivering gross margin expansion.
 Positive Tom sales growth was led by our core Bed Bath & Beyond banner, which was up 5%.
 It was fueled by exponential digital growth of 94%,
 which more than offset store declines of 14%.
 Growth was a healthy and broad-based across five key destination categories, which grew
 11% and represented two-thirds of revenue.
 Total enterprise comparable sales grew 2%,
 also driven by strong digital comp growth, up 77%.
 As you'll hear from John in a few minutes,
 COVID-related headwinds disproportionately impacted store sales in our baby business during the quarter.
 Yet, encouragingly, we saw a return to growth in December, following some key interventions.
 The strength of our digital growth has been powered by the investments we have made in
 omni capability, including
 BOPIS, curbside pickup, and same-day delivery, which are all completely new this year.
 BOPI's orders represented 16% of total digital sales in the quarter.
 These service offerings provide ease and convenience and allow us to further gain trust
 from our customers, including the approximately 7 million new online customers gained this
 Our digital capabilities are becoming a key driver of results.
 Net sales were $2.6 billion, an expected reduction of 5%, primarily due to the impact from Banner
 divestitures and the continuation
 of our bed bath and beyond
 Stored Network Optimization Initiative.
 this has been a holiday season like no other
 As outlined by third-party data sources,
 including Sensormatic and Adobe Analytics.
 Market-wide Black Friday in-store traffic was down by over 50%, and online spending was up 22%.
 Similarly, for the six-week holiday period,
 Market-wide in-store traffic fell between 34% and 36%.
 We performed strongly against this reported trend.
 During the competitively intense five-day holiday sales period, from Thanksgiving through
 Cyber Monday. Overall
 sales demand for our core U.S. FedBath and Beyond banner was up double digits
 versus last year, and delivered digital
 sales growth of approximately
 is 69%.
 More than all settings, store comp sales declines of 24%.
 And during the six-week holiday sales period from November 16th to December 27th, our total
 enterprise comp sales grew
 low single digits, led by
 significant
 digital growth of more than 90%, which more than offset
 store-com sales declines of more than 20%.
 I will now continue with our third quarter financial results.
 On a gap basis, including the non-cash loss from banners,
 divested or held for sale.
 We reported a net loss per diluted share of 61 cents.
 Our gap results include
 approximately $86 million
 from unfavorable impacts, which are excluded from adjusted results,
 to provide better perspectives on the underlying performance of our business.
 These include special items such as losses on the sales of businesses, including cost-loss
 world market, which is held for sale, as well as non-cash
 charges for the impairment of certain long-lived assets.
 plus restructuring and transformation expenses.
 Adjusted gross margin increased 310 basis points to 35.4%.
 This expansion was driven by
 180 basis points of favorable strategic engineering of promotion and markdown expense,
 including data-driven coupon optimization.
 120 basis points
 of favorable
 product
 mix from higher margin categories such as bedding and bath and 210 basis points of
 leverage from distribution and fulfillment costs.
 These benefits were partially offset by a 200 basis points impact from channel mix
 due to the anticipated larger proportion of total sales
 from digital channels versus a prior year.
 This impact also includes
 around 80 basis points from higher shipping expense
 associated with industry-wide outbound freight rate increases,
 particularly in the latter part of the quarter.
 The significant year-over-year improvement in our adjusted gross margin reflect the management
 teams focus on driving the
 components of margin while delivering exponential growth in digital.
 SG&A expense declined $41 million versus a prior year, driven primarily by lower payroll
 related expenses, including
 savings from our
 comprehensive
 at restructuring actions earlier in the year.
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 168% to $121 million,
 which is almost three times higher than the prior year period.
 This was driven by digital sales growth coupled with growth margin expansion.
 once again
 Again, these results demonstrate that our efforts to transform the business and build
 a modern, durable business model are working.
 Turning now to some cash flow and balance sheet item statements.
 We unlocked $244 million
 in positive cash flow generation.
 Cash flow from investments was $200 million positive,
 as it included proceeds from non-core asset monetization, net of capex.
 Operating cash flow of $44 million was also positive
 in spite of seasonal dynamics.
 We continue to carefully manage working capital this quarter
 with ending inventories of $1.8 billion.
 on a sequential basis
 inventories were 13% lower
 versus the second quarter
 and 30% lower than last year.
 This was primarily due to the impact from banner divestitures, including seasonal inventory
 purchases for the holiday
 We are tracking at a faster pace
 to deliver our previously stated
 a 2021 goal of $1 billion in inventory reduction at retail compared to 2019.
 Our capital expenditures in the quarter were only $38 million.
 That said, we have plans to significantly ramp up our CAPEX spending starting in fiscal
 21 in support of our digital-first Omni-Always transformation.
 during the third quarter
 we also improve our gross debt balance
 with a reduction in operating lease liability
 of about half a billion dollars
 from non-core banner divestitures
 and store closures.
 Taken together with the half a billion in debt reductions we achieved in the second quarter,
 We have reduced total gross debt by about $1 billion so far this year, a reduction of
 about 25%.
 We remain in a strong net cash position, with an ending cash and investment balance of $1.5 billion.
 This is in line with the balance at the end of the second quarter,
 even after returning cash to shareholders in the form of accelerated share repurchases.
 We have also maintained a strong liquidity of $2.2 billion,
 including our IDL.
 So capitalizing on this strong financial position, we launched a $225 million accelerated share repurchase in late October.
 and in December
 in conjunction with the announcement of a definitive agreement
 to divest cost-plus world market.
 We reported plans for a second ASR in the amount of $150 million.
 These two programs, totaling $375 million, are expected to be completed on or before
 at the end of our fiscal fourth quarter.
 next month in February, and will result in a reduction of our shares outstanding of approximately
 at least 15% at current stock price levels.
 or authorized level for share repurchase
 at this early stage of the planning period
 is now up to $825 million over the next three years.
 years.
 These actions reflect our balanced capital allocation principles, strong liquidity, and
 policy.
 confidence in our strategic growth plan.
 In summary, our third quarter performance shows consistent execution of our strategy,
 which drives sales and EBITDA growth,
 coupled with strong cash flow generation and the reinitiation of capital return to shareholders.
 Now, moving on to our outlook.
 I will start with some directional color on our expectations for Q4, and then provide
 perspective
 from
 50
 fiscal 2021.
 It has been widely reported that COVID-19-related
 headwinds.
 continue to impact the retail industry.
 In this context, we will not be providing specific sales and earnings guidance for the current fourth quarter.
 That's it.
 we feel positive about the parts of the business we can control
 and expect to deliver year-on-year adjusted EBITDA margin improvement in Q4.
 This, despite your stored traffic and shipping constraints, accompanied by higher freight costs.
 In terms of the top line, comp sales are expected to be approximately in line with last year.
 We expect consistent strength in digital
 to be tampered by COVID-related headphones impacting stores.
 December's sales show positive total enterprise comparable growth, including continued strength
 across key destination categories.
 Importantly, we're planning for a double-digit unfavorable impact on Q4 total net sales versus last year.
 given the divested banners and the ongoing store optimization initiative.
 In terms of growth margin, in spite of the anticipated drag from significant freight
 cost increases in Q4
 We're driving cost optimization actions to manage the impact of these pressures.
 so we expect
 gross margin to be about in line with the same period last year.
 Again, we expect to deliver a year-on-year adjusted EBITDA margin increase in Q4 with
 the EBITDA margin.
 absolute EBITDA figures in line with the prior year.
 Now, I'll turn to fiscal 2021.
 Our initial outlook included fiscal year 2019 as the base year.
 At the time, our portfolio banner review was still underway.
 we had already
 divested four banners, but
 we did not have a signed deal for cost plus world market yet.
 Now we do.
 and we expect this transaction to close imminently.
 Today, we're providing additional visibility on the significant
 information.
 shape of our P and L.
 result of these
 divestitures, and the closure of underperforming stores.
 Our significant portfolio transformation will lead to fewer, better-performing stores
 and will include a healthier core revenue base
 with a larger proportion of a faster-growing digital business.
 We're now tightening our projected fiscal 21 revenue range
 to approximately $8 to $8.2 billion.
 looking at quarters
 starting with the first quarter, which will not be on a comp basis.
 we expect to recapture the lost sales opportunities
 from the store closures in 2020 due to COVID-19.
 During Quarters 2 through 4, which will be on a comp basis,
 we expect to sustain
 comparable sales levels in relation
 to the solid comp sales base of fiscal 2020.
 2020.
 Our sales forecast, for financial planning purposes, assumes total enterprise-comparable
 fails to be in line with fiscal
 2020.
 We are
 reiterating our
 expectations for
 adjusted growth
 margin of approximately 35%, which represents
 a more than 200 basis point improvement versus Proforma 2019.
 we are enhancing
 adjusted fiscal year 2021 EBITDA
 to a range of between $500 to $525 million.
 This represents a 20% increase from the Proforma 2019 EBITDA base of $425 million.
 The drivers of the adjusted EBITDA range are consistent with the ones we have previously
 shared, including cost savings from planned store closures, product sourcing and restructuring
 actions.
 and the impact from reinvestments and channel shift and shipping costs.
 And as I said earlier, we have assumed comp sales to be in line versus fiscal 2020 for
 modeling purposes, as we're not requiring sales growth to deliver the higher EBITDA range.
 But needless to say, we will strive for continued top-line growth
 in a highly competitive environment.
 environment.
 performance to
 date gives us confidence in our
 longer-term goal of achieving
 between $850 and $1 billion in adjusted EBITDA by fiscal 2023.
 Importantly, our portfolio transformation coupled with store closures is driving significant
 balance sheet improvement through growth
 that reduction of $1 billion.
 hours. This will
 result
 in a gross debt-to-EBIT-die ratio below 3.5 times,
 which puts us well on our way to our mid-term goal of below three times.
 We have a strategic and disciplined pathway for driving sales and margin growth,
 generating cash and investing in our business plan
 to drive shareholder value creation.
 And it is working.
 I will now turn the call over to
 Raffi Masood.
 Chief Digital Officer.
 Rafi?
 Thank you, Gustavo.
 With COVID as a headwind to our store traffic, we have stepped up our strategy as an Omni
 always retailer and it is paying
 off. During the third
 quarter, we deliver digital growth
 of 77%.
 our third consecutive quarter of growth in excess of 75% this year.
 Our Bed Bath & Beyond banner alone posted digital comm sales up 94%,
 almost doubling last year's sale.
 With this momentum and based on current trends, we are on track to exceed our digital sales
 goal of $3 billion
 by the end of fiscal 2020.
 we have laid out a transformation plan
 to unlock the potential of our omni-always-growth strategy
 by elevating customer experience, building out our Omni capabilities,
 and evolving to a digital-first culture.
 The goal of this initiative is to meet customers wherever they are.
 I am pleased to report that the company is now incredibly equipped to do that.
 The benefits are coming through not only in digital sales growth,
 but also in customer metrics.
 During the quarter, we gained 2.2 million new online customers, of which the Bed Bath
 banner alone added 1.8 million.
 Year-to-date, we have gained approximately 7 million new online customers.
 and not only are we attracting
 new customers, we are seeing them
 return at a higher rate than ever before.
 in the third quarter
 21% of our
 Bed Bath & Beyond customers
 placed more than one online order
 compared to about 15% versus last year.
 here.
 So what's driving the sticky customer experience for online customers?
 we believe
 the true hero for us is buy online, pick up in store.
 Since introducing BOPUS and contactless curbside pickup services earlier this year,
 We have seen a rapid rate of adoption by our customers.
 In the third quarter, approximately 1.2 million customers
 placed in BOPUS order, representing 16% of our total digital revenue.
 in the bed
 and beyond Banner,
 both disorders represented 15% of total digital sales
 and 17% of total digital orders.
 And 60% of our focus orders were ready within 30 minutes,
 surpassing our two-hour promise.
 This fast and convenient experience has earned Bed Bath & Beyond a net promoter score of 80% for our BOPUS services,
 up from 49% in May when we first introduced this service.
 our stores are now
 and competitive advantage of our Omni strategy,
 fulfilling a total of 36% of all digital sales
 in the third quarter.
 This must be a total of 36% of all digital sales.
 muscle was not in place last year.
 now we're connecting our stores with our online platforms
 and the power of Omni is enabling us to better serve our customers.
 however they choose to shop.
 We know Omnichannel is the future of retail,
 and we are making the right investments
 that are resonating with our customers.
 customers.
 The fast-paced transformation of our digital offering
 and elevated customer experience
 has resulted in a 25% lift in our online conversion rate for the third quarter
 as compared to the prior year.
 Key drivers of the increase include,
 First, the relaunch of our mobile sites and mobile apps.
 We implemented a new framework with an optimized experience that drove a 33% increase in conversion
 and mobile sales growth of 107% versus the prior year period.
 during the five-day holiday shopping period
 from Thanksgiving
 to Cyber Monday, our mobile
 homepage loaded 74%
 faster than the same period last year.
 We also relaunched Bed Bath & Beyond and Bye Bye Baby mobile apps,
 resulting in over 800,000 downloads this quarter.
 our Bed Bath and Beyond
 mobile app was launched over 15 million times during this quarter
 and revenue more than doubled versus last year.
 we have also seen the rate of
 app uninstalls continue to improve, further underscoring the stickiness of our customer
 experience.
 Second, in order to ensure that we were firing on all cylinders going into the holiday season,
 We launched same-day delivery on bedbathbeyond.com and buybuybaby.com
 to provide our customers another convenient and cost-effective way to shop.
 This service was introduced in Q3.
 results are preliminaries.
 But we have seen hundreds of thousands of our customers take advantage of this new, convenient way to shop.
 We also began to offer same-day delivery service
 Through the launch of Bed Bath & Beyond
 and Bye Bye Baby stores on Shipt and Instacart.
 with both marketplaces each reaching
 more than 80% of U.S. households.
 Harm in Face Values was recently added to the Instacart marketplace,
 and we are pleased with its initial launch
 and continued positive response
 from customers on this platform.
 Third, we implemented
 over 100 improvements
 to make our shopping experience more convenient
 and easier to use, including
 a faster checkout process
 and due payment type options.
 This includes buy-now-pay-later options like Afterpay and PayPal's Pay-in-4,
 as well as extending Apple Pay from store only to our mobile apps.
 During the quarter, we also focused on optimizing our experiences and speed-to-place orders on our site,
 making it even easier
 convenient and faster for our customers to shop with us.
 Again, each of these initiatives were geared to customers with the goal of meeting them
 where they are
 and creating multiple options
 for payment and delivery.
 As we look at our digital program
 them holistically.
 it is a true revolution
 from where we were a year ago
 and has become part of the fabric of how we operate at Bed Bath & Beyond.
 the customer environment is rapidly changing
 and we are there to greet them at every turn
 Through our enhanced services, speed, and focus on engagement, our customer perception continues to improve.
 Our omni-always strategy is working and was a key driver of our third quarter sales performance.
 Our strength in digital
 has more than
 compensated for the headwinds of the pandemic
 and has fast-tracked our transformation
 as we moved into the important
 holiday season this year.
 and sets us up for success moving forward.
 we have delivered
 and elevated customer experience
 Launch meaningful
 capabilities and pivoted digital
 from a laggard tactic
 to a strategic asset
 and a profitable growth engine that has delivered another strong quarter of growth.
 With that, I will turn the call over to John Hartman, our Chief Operating Officer and President of Bye Bye Baby.
 John
 Thank you, Rafi.
 we made exceptional progress across our operations in the third quarter.
 specifically as it relates to our supply chain reformation,
 optimizing our real estate portfolio
 in advancing our technology roadmap.
 Modernizing our business remains a key focus,
 and we are evolving our store formats,
 our distribution and fulfillment capabilities
 alongside leveraging our unique data and insights
 to meet the changing needs of our customers
 and deliver an exceptional shopping experience.
 I'll start with supply chain.
 While we remain focused on mid- to long-term capability building, we made very substantial
 pivots in the third quarter.
 As Rafi mentioned, our stores fulfilled 36% of total digital sales in the third quarter.
 While last year, we didn't have BOPUS, curbside pickup, or same-day delivery in our offering.
 Not only do these new capabilities provide ease and convenience to our customers, they
 also help us to partially alleviate current shipping constraints and additional cost
 pressures in the supply chain.
 During the quarter, we also added a secondary national carrier
 and several regional parcel delivery carriers,
 which helped to offset an over 20% cost increase
 from our primary carrier, FedEx.
 And, importantly, we continue to focus intently on the health and safety of our associates
 working in our fulfillment centers
 by instituting daily COVID cleaning procedures
 in our facilities.
 Concurrently, we launched an evaluation of a number of potential third-party
 logistics providers who will partner with us to establish new regional distribution
 centers and to manage the efficient flow of domestic
 distribution.
 We anticipate that using third-party logistics operators will also provide
 increased financial flexibility
 and reduced capital expense.
 This is the cornerstone of the transformation of our supply chain network
 and we'll increase our capacity for fast store replenishment
 while continuing to leverage the store network for Omni fulfillment.
 By making the replenishment process more efficient, our store teams will have a more
 efficient way to get the rest of the system.
 predictable and faster flow of the products we sell most.
 In turn, this will allow us to meet the increased demand
 for BOPUS, curbside, and same-day delivery services,
 while also reducing the time our store teams spend managing deliveries
 so they can spend more time with our customers.
 Also core to our transformation is technology.
 and we are taking a disciplined approach
 to our investments in building a technology
 infrastructure that will enable us to personalize the service for our customers, improve our
 ability to predict and meet demand
 make it easier to collaborate
 to cross teams and
 drive down inefficiencies in our business.
 Over the next three years, we plan to invest approximately $250 million
 to modernize the application and technology landscape
 to a cloud-empowered foundation.
 last quarter we talked about our
 expanded multi-year partnership with Google and Deloitte to enhance our omni-channel shopping
 experience. This quarter,
 we defined our plans for a new ERP system.
 We will also be pursuing a product lifecycle management solution in support of our own brand initiative
 and an inventory management capability
 to improve inventory productivity.
 These plans will all start in 2021 and are foundational parts of building out our technology infrastructure.
 in other
 activity, we are making significant progress
 toward the targets we have previously
 highlighted regarding our real estate portfolio, including our store network optimization and
 store remodel plans.
 Let me start with our network
 optimization program, which is designed to not only ensure our stores remain a
 strategic asset for us, but also to ensure that we have them in the right locations to
 deliver more sustainable sales growth, improved margins, and greater cash
 generation.
 As
 part of this work, we are well
 underway in the process of closing
 approximately 200 underperforming bed, bath, and beyond stores
 by the end of fiscal 2021.
 one.
 Initially, we had done one.
 We identified about one-third of these stores to be closed by the end of the fiscal year.
 We have since accelerated the pace of targeted store closings this year from 70 to about
 120 stores with certain
 stores closing earlier than planned due to having efficiently sold down
 store inventory during the closing process.
 process.
 In the third quarter, we closed four Bed, Bath & Beyond stores.
 And in December, we closed another 75.
 and we are currently liquidating an additional 42 stores.
 We are very pleased with our progress to date, and completing the store closure program during
 fiscal 2021 remains
 a priority.
 Turning to our Bed, Bath & Beyond store remodel program, we have advanced from the initial
 prototype phase
 to
 active iteration within 10 stores in our Houston markets.
 These proof-of-concept stores highlight our destination categories, bed, bath, kitchen, and storage.
 We expect to complete this phase of the remodel program by the end of February 2021.
 Additionally, we will take all the visual signage enhancements
 and immediately apply them to the entire fleet of stores
 on the same timeline.
 Next, we will take our learnings from Houston
 and move into our first expanded wave of renovations in 2021,
 which includes approximately 150 stores.
 In total, our store remodel plan involves
 $250 million of investment
 over the next three years
 and touches over 450 stores, representing roughly 60% of our revenue.
 In addition, we will utilize strategic sourcing methods
 to procure necessary remodel components
 at a lower cost and leverage economies of scale
 with this overall initiative.
 Instead of the legacy store-by-store, one-off approach of the past, we have established
 a unified planning process to identify, prioritize, and
 sequence all aspects of the remodels.
 These store remodels and our network optimization plans
 are crucial steps in building an Omni-Oleys organization
 that serves our digital-first customers
 with an intuitive and modern shopping experience.
 We look forward to reporting our progress along the way.
 before closing
 Let me provide some perspective on the quarterly performance of Bye Bye Baby, which represented
 approximately 10% of total enterprise reported sales
 in the third quarter.
 This included strong growth in digital of approximately 40%,
 which represented more than half of the sales in the quarter.
 It remains a challenging environment for our new or soon-to-be parents
 who are particularly vulnerable
 to the perceived challenges associated with in-store shopping due to COVID-19.
 As a result, we saw a disproportionate level of store traffic declines from our baby customers
 this quarter
 than across our other banners.
 These COVID-related headwinds have also had a short-term impact on the registry component of our business, which is highly correlated to in-store activity.
 While we have seen overall growth in registry, digital registries created online currently
 in the past.
 to carry a lower average value
 than those created in-store.
 Enhancements to the digital registry experience are addressing this opportunity to assist our customers in building a more well-rounded baby wish list.
 COVID headwinds have also constrained inventory levels in certain of our key categories,
 such as furniture and gear as a result of disruptions in the global supply chain.
 We have made key pivots here, including sharing improved forecasts
 with our vendor partners well into 2021.
 so
 as
 consumer behavior shifted, we pivoted and leaned into digital to create an enhanced online experience
 with a more convenient suite of checkout options, including
 after pay, pay in
 for, and Apple Pay.
 We also upgraded and relaunched our Bye Bye Baby app in November,
 strengthening the choices we offer our customers who connect with us digitally.
 year to date
 we have gained nearly 2 million U.S. online customers,
 an increase of 46% over last year,
 including more than a half a million new online customers in the third quarter.
 In all, nearly two-thirds of our baby customers only shopped online this quarter.
 As young parents take safety into consideration this year,
 this year, our new Omni capabilities allowed us to meet them where they are
 with BOPUS, curbside, and same-day delivery services.
 Digital orders fulfilled by our baby stores
 represented a significant portion of total orders in a quarter, with BOPUS orders representing
 representing approximately half of all store fulfilled orders.
 While the holiday period is traditionally not a big baby season, except for gift-giving
 or needs of families getting ready for
 or just having had a baby,
 We did see strong digital demand comp growth of 49% year-over-year during the five-day
 year-over-year.
 holiday period from Thanksgiving to
 Cyber Monday. This
 growth was driven by top performing baby
 categories including toys, playroom, furniture, and apparel.
 These positive sales and category trends
 accelerated in December.
 We believe in this business, and we are now ready to double down on
 and significantly invest in expanding sales and margin and growing our market share.
 We plan to accelerate our growth in baby over the next several years,
 including introducing own brands, aging up into toddler and younger children,
 as well as expanding into categories like toys and educational, as well as furniture,
 enhancing our registry, and leading with new partnerships.
 We will also invest to scale our footprint nationwide
 with about 50 new stores over the next three years.
 Fiscal 2021 will mark the true beginning
 of the transformation of this banner
 as we execute our three-year plan
 and unlock the value of this brand.
 Earlier this week, we announced the appointment of Patty Wu as Senior Vice President and General Manager for Bye Bye Baby.
 Patty's exceptional experience will help accelerate our plans and drive meaningful change.
 We look forward to sharing our progress in future conference calls.
 Mark, I'll turn it back over to you now for closing remarks.
 Thank you, John.
 A strong performance this quarter across several key performance metrics, including positive
 comp sales growth, gross margin expansion, positive cash flow generation and gross debt
 reduction
 is evidence of our transformation taking hold,
 even despite the significant headwinds of a global pandemic.
 yet what I still
 beyond the numbers was even more
 impressive. Our team was
 planning, modifying, and executing
 in an aligned and disciplined way like never before.
 They were learning and improving in real time as the customer and conditions changed, showing
 true agility in motion
 these newly acquired muscles
 extended from product and price
 through messaging
 and digital expression
 to Sales Floor and Distribution Center.
 I'm truly grateful to all our associates that rallied around this call to action to demonstrate
 our strengths and opportunities as the new
 Bed Bath & Beyond team.
 and what has been an exceptional year of change so far
 we still continue to make bold pivots to reconstruct,
 renovate and restore our company.
 simply put
 We're delivering on what we said we would do.
 We said we would put a team in place that would have the right talent
 expertise to execute our new vision and inject new ideas and that we would create the right
 organizational structure
 to facilitate more streamlined decision-making,
 and we've done that.
 We said we would lean into the digital space
 to make it easier and more convenient
 for our customers to shop with us, and we are doing that.
 We said we would reset our cost structure,
 modernize for growth and refine our organization.
 and we've done that
 and continue to focus on gross margin improvement.
 We said we had a clear mandate to re-establish
 authority as the preferred omni-channel
 or home destination, and that we would use customer-inspired
 and market insights
 to develop our new customer value proposition
 and we are doing that.
 We said we would evaluate our asset base
 and how best to optimise its value for the business
 on a go-forward basis, and we have done that.
 And finally, we've said our mission is to ensure that Bed Bath & Beyond is well positioned for long-term success.
 And we're doing just that.
 I'm proud of what our teams have achieved,
 and I thank them for their continued dedication
 and commitment to the long-term success of our company.
 Our results this quarter set a firm base
 from which we will continue to drive our bold transformation
 and seek to deliver on our three-year strategic and financial goals.
 Shares at our 2020 Investor Day.
 we have many bold and exciting plans for fiscal 2021
 such as launching your own brands
 that will help differentiate us
 in our key destination category.
 remodeling approximately
 150 stores under our Store Network Optimization Program.
 Introducing new and unique digital services,
 designed to enhance our Omni-Always experience.
 modernising our technology and operations
 and reinventing our supply chain for the future.
 investing to
 So to strengthen our Bye Bye Baby and Harmon Banners
 and continuing to unlock and deliver shareholder value.
 you. In a
 year like no other, we are embracing
 and driving transformative change,
 staying curious and bold, and so much more.
 I'm proud of the commitment our teams have shown
 and what we have achieved together.
 With that, we will now take your questions.
 Thank you.
 and I'll begin the question and answer session.
 If you have a question, please press star than 1 on your touchtone phone.
 If you wish to be removed from the queue, please press the pound sign or the hash key.
 There will be a delay before the first question is announced.
 If using a speakerphone, you may need to pick up the handset first before pressing the numbers.
 Once again, if you have a question, press star than 1 on your touchtone phone.
 Our first question is from Kurt Nagle from Bank of America.
 Good morning.
 Thanks very much for taking my questions.
 Yeah, so the first one is, you know, understand how, you know,
 very constrained shipping, and freight was an issue for holiday margins.
 but how long do you think this pressure carries into 21?
 It sounds like at least for the full year, you don't think it's an issue since you're still targeting 35% gross margins in 21,
 and then just have a follow-up after that.
 Good morning, Kurt. Thanks.
 Look, we know that the freight pressure across retail is here to stay
 and we've built that into our future plans.
 so we see that our margin stability and the offsets that we've created
 currently and the proof of concept of those over both Q2 and Q3 of this year really stands
 is in good stead to deliver that 35% margin
 so we feel really comfortable around that.
 Okay.
 And maybe just, again, for you, Mark, maybe give this a quick update on some of the big
 merchandising initiatives you guys have outlined in October
 analyst day such as you know lower sourcing and vendor costs and then you
 you know, starting to roll out improved and more merchandise or more exclusive product
 and, you know, how much of an impact that will make in 21,
 or at least how to think about the cadence of those things,
 you know, in 2021?
 wonderful. Yeah, I mean
 the good news is that we've already built
 a firm foundation with these results
 the actions and trends we have here
 in terms of margin, but across the board,
 are really substantial and sustainable.
 and then we're going to add into those
 the rolling benefits as you outlined it.
 So the sourcing benefits that we've undertaken throughout 2020 are really going to be evidenced in first quarter onwards in 2021.
 and then we begin in March
 with the rollout of our own brands
 I'm going to be sharing
 more close in the pagination
 of that flow throughout the year
 several brands will be launched
 But the key news is that in the first half of 2021,
 We'll be addressing the majority of our big key categories.
 we're already seeing strength and growth
 in re-embedding those with own brands
 and also the introduction of opening price point items
 and a range there
 which has been a huge missing part of our equation
 in terms of being truly competitive in the marketplace to build our authority.
 So these step changes, the consistent management of promotions, the mix management, now we're going to lay in the incremental benefits of sourcing and own brand.
 So we're excited about that progression in 2021.
 Our next question is from
 I'm Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
 Good morning.
 and thanks for taking my question.
 Can you talk about where your expectations were a couple months ago
 for the fourth quarter in sales, and now, and I know the outlook for next year
 embeds flattish
 Does that change now that you're going to be lapping something that may be potentially weaker in this year's fourth quarter?
 yeah I think
 Simeon
 I think
 Again, we had robust plans for Q4 of this year.
 we feel good about how we're executing on those
 but there's no doubt that the COVID headwinds
 and the impact that it has had on foot traffic
 and you
 overall consumer confidence
 it's something that we've had to factor into our plans
 And hence why we talked about the agility of our team through Q3 and now Q4 to respond to those challenges.
 And so we think we've met those in what has been a turbulent time
 and we really look forward to lapping those next year
 in a very different way.
 Okay, thanks for that.
 And then my follow-up, can you talk about Q4?
 you mentioned the freight headwinds
 but offset by some optimization on, I think, the gross margin in terms of promotion and pricing.
 Can you talk about the promotional environment and then, you know,
 thinking about how much margin opportunity there still is, I think,
 for next year's guidance revision?
 that is, it looks like it's more of a function
 of the margin changing as opposed to the top line, just to confirm.
 Yeah, I think that, you know, we would stress that we did not become more promotional during the quarter in Q3 or in Q4.
 with actually
 reshaped and re-engineered our promotional
 activity, we had opportunity to do so
 but that's really
 paying dividends in terms of generating gross margin and helping to create that balance and
 exceeding equation on the margin
 differentials from
 shipping and freight.
 so we're less promotional
 we're more focused on reg price
 we're winning customers
 and we see that progressing forward.
 and as Gustavo had outlined
 we're not putting pressure on the working sales plan
 to generate our EBITDA.
 We believe that we can do that through a number of the different initiatives we have through cost control and definitely margin growth in 2021 as we outlined in our three-year plan.
 Sorry.
 And our next question is from Bobby Griffin from Raymond James.
 Good morning, buddy.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 I guess, Gustavo and Mark, the first thing I wanted to talk about was, you know, looking
 at the range for next year.
 It's a fairly tight range of 500 to 525 million EBITDA.
 You know, there's still a lot of uncertainty out there.
 so can you maybe talk a little bit more about what you see in the business now
 that really gives you confidence in tightening that range up.
 And as a second part of that,
 where
 What could be the driver that would cause that range to underperform?
 Is it sales?
 Is it margin?
 What gives you the most concern there?
 Hi, Bobby.
 Gustavo here.
 there's still a lot of uncertainties
 as we look forward
 but we feel very confident in our plans.
 we have clarity on the drivers of gross margin expansion,
 which is why we are reiterating a gross margin of 35% next year.
 In spite of the recent headwinds that we're seeing on freight costs, as Mark mentioned,
 we're being more data driven
 and managing our promotion
 and our mix
 And with that, we will offset it.
 It is a tighter range than the one we provided at Investors Day,
 But we said that as we completed the portfolio work,
 the monetization of non-core
 assets, we would tighten that, and that's
 forthcoming
 war to you
 right now. On your
 question of what can throw us off is not
 sales, we are
 prudently
 assuming for financial planning purposes that we would have sales, comp sales in line with
 prior year and
 And in spite with that, we will deliver significant EBITDA growth.
 Yeah, Bobby, I would just add that I think that the plan we're placing
 is a responsible plan based on changing circumstances in the market.
 any threat or
 of concern would really be
 a macro market issue, not an internally caused issue.
 and again
 I think 2020 has exemplified
 how, you know, everyone gets affected by those things.
 So we are monitoring things very carefully by week and by quarter.
 we feel our plan is responsible and achievable
 and we're looking forward
 to delivering that.
 All right, thank you.
 I guess.
 My second question would be, for the December commentary,
 You mentioned that the enterprise did show some growth for comparable sales.
 But then I guess for the entire quarter you're kind of calling for flattish
 versus last year are in line, I believe, is the rewarding.
 Can you maybe just talk a little bit about what is going in there?
 something popped up in the last couple weeks
 that's giving you concern, or is that just a little bit of, you know,
 a function of being conservative given the level of uncertainty that's still out there in the world.
 Yeah, bang on there.
 it's definitely around
 we've seen positive
 signs in December
 remembering that our fourth quarter is December, January, February.
 We still have two full months to complete this process.
 there's a lot going on in the world
 and we want to make sure that we're being responsible in our planning
 and, you know, we look forward to kind of sharing more in the port quarter.
 Thank you very much. Best of luck.
 Once again, if you have a question, press star then 1 on your touchtone phone.
 and our next question is from
 Chris Hovers from J.P. Morgan.
 Thanks.
 Good morning, guys.
 So my first question is a follow-up.
 is you think about, you know, you talk about, you know,
 things evolving and changing as you thought about
 you know, you're
 21 plan.
 And is it fair to say that COVID changed in terms of the recent surge?
 Are you assuming that this sort of lasts longer until we actually get to a vaccine?
 So was the change there, and also was the other change the freight costs?
 I mean, presumably, as the holiday, the volume surcharges should come down
 as you get into a more normalized sort of shipping environment here.
 So is there something structural within that freight that you're assuming sticks around?
 yeah I think that
 I think it's prudent to think about an environment.
 I mean, we saw an acceleration, a change in behaviour between, you know, our Q2 and September
 October results and versus our November results based on COVID and based on foot traffic
 the stores
 customers being
 concerned around
 what the future held and real uncertainty in the market
 really begin around the election period.
 So we are being prudent in thinking through, you know, with the vaccine rollout, it's still underway, it's still very early.
 We want to be able to monitor that and its impact.
 We haven't factored anything in terms of stimulus checks and their impact on the business because, again, that's been so uncertain.
 and it's only just new news.
 So just ensuring that the level of uncertainty
 and volatility that that has
 or could bring
 is built conservatively into our plans
 and that we can balance out any of those headwinds.
 You know, I think it's been interesting
 that there's been a lot of discussion around the home category
 experiencing this great
 wind from
 you know
 the COVID moment, all of us in retail
 have been facing
 incredible headwinds and confusion
 and consent from the customer that we've had to fight.
 So I feel really positive that we're delivering positive comps, profit, EBITDA in the face
 that uncertainty and want to ensure that we've
 got a balance plan going into 2021.
 got it
 So, understood.
 And then in terms of the fourth quarter, I mean, just relative to history, for gross margin rate to be, you know, worse in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter, just trying to really understand that.
 you mentioned not being
 more promotional in December
 is it
 You know, you get about, our math, about 140 bips from the accounting shift between cost of goods and SG&A.
 So is the shipping surcharge going to be much larger than the 80 basis points that you saw in 3Q?
 you lap a hundred and eighty
 basis points
 of markdown pressure, and obviously, you know, it seems like you have very clean inventory.
 So just trying to understand the dynamic on a, you know, sort of year-over-year and sequential basis in gross margins such that it would be flat in the fourth quarter, year-over-year.
 Sure, Chris
 It's right on what you said about the shipping cost.
 part of the reason in the prepared remarks we talked about
 80 basis points.
 impact in Q3.
 That was just the latter part of the quarter.
 What we're estimating in Q4 is over 150 basis points impact.
 And we're committed to offsetting that, again, through discipline, promotion management, and mix.
 and that's what we will do
 But the incidence on the shipping cost, it's much larger in Q4,
 and that's why we're being prudent on that.
 Chris, I just...
 Go ahead.
 Sorry, because I'll just also add,
 But if you're looking at Q4 versus Q4 last year,
 The thing you should recognise in that is the consumer behaviour
 and the impact of digital purchasing versus store purchasing.
 You know, it is not like-to-like.
 and it's definitely accelerated.
 and that's brought
 with it
 natural pressures to margin and mix
 we've shared, but that we're offsetting
 that and mitigating
 that to be
 stable I think
 is a real achievement.
 so these are
 you know
 it is a Q4 like no other
 and the consumer behaviour, the digital pivot,
 and therefore what that's meant for margin inclusive shipping
 is part of what we're balancing here.
 And again, one month into our three-month quarter,
 but we want to make sure that we're being prudent there.
 Understood.
 Thanks so much, guys.
 And our next question is from Peter Benedict from Baird.
 Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question.
 And first, I'm just curious on the adoption of Opus.
 And I know it's been around six months and, you know, the curbside.
 I mean, how is that trending relative to your expectations, and what are your plans or goals to drive continued adoption of that in the months ahead?
 That's my first question.
 Yeah, Peter, great question.
 I think what we've seen, you know, we showed an overall statistic for Q3, but unpacking
 that, you see an escalation and a movement into the new muscle.
 So, remember, we only introduced this in May.
 So what we're seeing now is we have an MPS score of 80.
 we're able to provide about a two-hour assurance
 on our order fulfillment at store level
 and that's actually in real terms around 30 minutes.
 Customers are loving it.
 I think, in a total industry level,
 both this as a muscle and a new methodology
 is very accepted by the customer
 and we're benefiting from that as well.
 We saw our rates in the December period escalate week in, week out
 as customers became more concerned around delivery shipping times
 and really ensuring that they had a joyous holiday period
 that they could secure
 the present under the tree and so we really
 went into
 creating ease
 and convenience for our customer
 that they really responded to
 and we're very grateful for.
 We believe these are constants now and they're muscles in the business that we want to maintain and for us
 we know that a
 the focus of what fulfilled by a store is almost equivalent
 to a store-based sale in terms of profitability.
 So the differential helps us and has helped us through Q3
 and will help us in Q4
 in terms of our shipping and profitability costs.
 So we think it's here to stay.
 it is one of the sticky outcomes
 of not just the progression in focus,
 but how COVID has fortified this as a new muscle for most retailers.
 Okay, thanks for that, Mark.
 And then, I guess, Shifty, you guys brought up registry a couple times during your prepared remarks.
 and I'm not sure how much you're willing to share quantitatively on the size of those businesses,
 but maybe just some more qualitative comments, baby versus wedding.
 and, I mean, you talked a little bit about
 basket size, but just curious kind of how you see those two businesses or that business
 across the two segments as part of your outlook over the next couple of years.
 Any opportunities?
 Thanks.
 Yeah, it's a great point.
 I would actually differentiate between the moment
 in time experience versus the go-forward experience.
 and the moment-in-time experience
 As John outlined, Baby Registry is very strong for us, but it has been more reliant on an
 in-store experience.
 And when we do that,
 We've built a bigger basket.
 it's more sticky
 and higher customer engagement.
 so we've been pivoting
 to strengthen our digital registry
 and we'll invest there further
 But for us, we see complete upside in 2021 with, you know, the return to a more normalized shopping environment in stores and digital in terms of True Omni.
 When we turn to Bed Bath & Beyond, the story's even better.
 We are consistently at the top of the ranking
 and have held market share in most recent data
 in terms of registries.
 Now, we haven't had the benefit of that in our 2020
 or current numbers because of the COVID moment
 and people are just not having
 wedding ceremonies.
 in 2021
 there's going to be pent up demand
 and transfer into
 into that year
 for weddings to occur
 and because we are number one in those spaces
 and well placed with held market share
 and that the stats are good.
 We feel like that as a runway for growth
 over the next couple of years is one of our
 SolidStrength that hasn't existed in that
 2020 or current numbers and we're
 going to be doubling down and investing there even
 clear about. Our next question
 This is from Stephen Forbes from Guggenheim.
 Good morning.
 so I wanted to focus on
 the trends within the categories
 maybe outside of the top five that you noted
 in the release
 so Mark just curious how
 how these categories are performing
 I know it's early, but performing it within some of the new concept stores or remodels.
 and or if you could just speak to some of the initiatives, right,
 that set her around addressing the performance here.
 because although it's
 It's a lower percentage of sales.
 It's still one-third here.
 So I'd love to see how you're thinking about improving, you know, those specific categories.
 and the shift trajectory within them.
 Yeah, thanks, Stephen.
 and it's a great question.
 and I think that there's been some natural headwinds there
 just based on some of these businesses
 being more relevant to store
 based traffic the
 digital traffic for us and one of them is personal care.
 Again, we, in our remodel stores that we've been testing,
 Our personal care business is booming and actually showing a huge differential to our control.
 and when we get the traffic, we get the trade.
 and I think what we saw in the end of Q3
 and somewhat in Kipora
 is this sort of suppression of foot traffic in stores
 that has a direct correlation.
 And that's a business that either is a great basket build business or is just part of a trip to store that's just not occurring at this moment as frequently as it has in the past.
 I think there's a couple of key areas too
 where we have had some softness.
 I think cleaning is a really good
 example for us, an area that's normally been strong.
 I think getting supplied product has been an issue.
 it's constrained
 across the globe
 and we just haven't been firing in that space.
 but at the same time
 we also cleared out of smaller categories like
 food to kind of clean up
 of our assortment that we build into that impact.
 So we're really focused on doubling down our strength categories.
 you see that coming through
 and consistent through Q3, Q4
 and our efforts strategically in 2021.
 but we are definitely focusing on a couple of key categories
 where we can really ramp up our inventory
 and our focus
 and we're already starting to see positive signs of that in January.
 Thanks, Mark.
 And then just a quick follow-up, either for you or Gustavo.
 Obviously, we know the minimum wage rate increases that are transpiring this year
 you know, potential, some pressure, right, from other retailers announcing, you know, the path to 15.
 So curious how you guys think about, you know, that as a pressure point, right,
 on the business
 and what's incorporated
 financial guidance
 as it relates to wage investments for 2021?
 Yeah, we definitely see the emerging trends and the evolution.
 we're looking at
 change of leadership and how that can impact
 on that, no news on that today
 other than that we're looking at it very, very carefully.
 want to be competitive in the marketplace
 and we'll be absorbing that into our overall costs
 and financial plans going forward.
 Thank you. Best of luck.
 Our next question is from Carla Casella from J.P. Morgan.
 Hi.
 can you just give us an update on
 How much of your cost savings did you achieve in the quarter from your overall goal?
 Yeah.
 We're on track with the path that the objective we have of $200 to $250 million going next year.
 We expect about 125 at least.
 In the current quarter, we saw savings, as you saw in the building blocks, right?
 a hundred
 and 80 basis points from product margin.
 and savings, including leverage
 of distribution costs of 210 basis points.
 Okay, so we should count those towards the cost savings program.
 Okay, that's great.
 And also, did you provide overall same-store sales at Bye Bye Baby or Harmon?
 I know you gave some details, but I don't think I heard the same store sales number overall.
 no we did not provide that
 I mean historically
 for the third quarter.
 No, we haven't.
 what we said in the
 remarks that
 in the third quarter
 same source sales were down
 in Barai Baby, and then
 recovered in December.
 and the reason why they were down temporarily
 in the quarter is some of the dynamics that John
 spoke about. Just
 keep in mind
 store sales
 store traffic, particularly in Bye Bye Baby,
 slowed down significantly in November.
 and he was partly compensated
 by the Strength in Digital
 but still that recovery
 This just started happening in December.
 Okay, great.
 and if you're
 How much of your, if you look at the Bed Bath & Beyond business alone,
 And how much of that business was done by digital?
 I know you talked about digital growth there, but I'm wondering, you gave it for the overall
 company, but how is that trending in Bed Bath & Beyond versus last year?
 We did share that the digital growth there
 is 94% for the quarter color,
 so exceptionally strong.
 I guess I was wondering, what percentage is the digital sales, not the gross?
 It's 31% of the overall company.
 Okay, third, thank you.
 it's about a third
 similar
 Yeah, I think that the
 reference point to that color is that we're at
 19% last year.
 And that was a growth and growth of the prior year at 16%.
 So you can see that exponential growth
 remembering that
 currently includes
 the November portion
 of
 in a holiday period.
 And our next question is from Mike Lasser from UBS.
 Good morning.
 Thanks a lot for taking my question.
 And Mark, you mentioned several times about the importance of driving in-store traffic to the bed-bath model,
 whether it
 through the wedding registry
 or some of the personal care products.
 And one of the long-lasting outcomes of this situation is that there's just going to be a higher penetration of e-commerce in retail.
 and some of the initiatives
 that you're ruling out like
 curbside pickup and ship to home are going to
 drive less traffic to your
 stores. So how are you
 going to balance that over
 the long run and generate some of your
 sales productivity initiatives
 well we
 Thor
 Michael, thanks for your question
 We saw when, you know, things started normalised in the middle of the year before the second wave came through.
 we saw really great comps and stores
 and that the omni-channel benefit of stores and digital
 really came together in a positive
 way, you know, for us
 in our forward planning that we provided for the three-year plan,
 And we've actually shown, we've actually factored in a very high digital rate into that.
 so that our financials remain stable.
 but we see that the driving
 distilled paste really does come from
 an omnichannel
 environment
 I think
 there's
 a
 number of great retailers that are exemplifying this at the moment.
 And a trip to the store, whether it be for BOPUS or for a true trip,
 both generate a sense in your community
 as part of your network and part of your needs lifestyle.
 So we look forward to a more normalized base.
 we think our stores will be ready
 when that comes through with new visual merchandising,
 new assortment, new planning
 and in
 150 doors plus
 a completely new environment.
 and what we've seen in those new environments
 is that when we provide that,
 the differential to our control is very, very strong
 and that we see
 sales growth.
 So we are a firm believer in stores.
 we're investing in stores
 and we think that our assortment, our presentation
 and our remodels will really help us even further there.
 Okay, my follow-up question is, in the bridge that you provided for your gross margin for
 2019 to
 2021, you talk
 about the
 the
 positive drivers of sourcing
 own brand, better
 promotions and markdowns and coupons
 upset by some channel shift and free costs.
 In that, there's no real discussion around reinvestment in price or other traffic driving
 initiatives, and this is going to be at a time where arguably
 and I know this is
 debatable that some of the
 tailwinds at the home-related category are going to fade
 in a reopening environment.
 yeah I think
 The reason why that's not in there is that work has been done.
 And I mean, we're already showing that the indices on the KBIs for our key categories
 that we're showing great everyday parody
 to our key comp set.
 our promotion that we're using now
 are taking hold
 and actually we're using them more effectively.
 So we're seeing cost savings in the promotions
 but getting much more effectiveness.
 this.
 we've believed that these muscles which we've
 displayed in the last two quarters that have really driven
 great gross margin growth are sustainable
 are inside the mix
 Michael, I think that the promotional expectation of 2021, I feel overstated.
 I think we see great data that shows that the home trend will be sticky.
 this is part of people's lives now
 and their expectation of creating joy and comfort at home.
 and we don't believe that there's going to be
 an exceptional chase
 into a promotional activity
 but our financials and our promotional cadence that we have
 and the balance we've created
 this year is ready
 for that in 2021.
 And our last question is from Seth Bassam from Wedbush Securities.
 Thanks a lot, and good morning.
 My first question is just on your EBITDA guidance for 2021.
 Could you give us some color as to what the impact from the
 banner sales is, specifically Cosplus and Christmas tree
 shots in that
 forecast
 So the guidance we're providing in 2021 is already on a core banner basis.
 It is, it only includes Bezhar.
 Bye-bye, baby.
 Deckeris and Harmon.
 we showed in the bridge what would be the pro forma 2019 post those banners
 divestitures, and that's a starting point
 of $425 million.
 bombs.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 on a going basis.
 Yes, Seth, one of the things that we weren't able to do at the Invest today
 and we shared with many of you after
 was that we had to include in full our cost plus world market business
 in terms of the EBITDA projection,
 but we didn't include in the sales projections.
 So what you're seeing now with that sale is that firmer range being presented based on the true pro forma of 2019.
 again still with that
 responsible attitude to
 but for the full year based on some of the early changes
 and half one
 that can occur
 but
 And it was a secondary pivot that we could provide
 to be even more definitive on the way to further growth.
 and importantly
 Thank you.
 that I know you know this
 but it's a tighter range on revenue.
 Now, when you compare net sales 2021 versus reported sales in 2020 or 2019, it's not comparable.
 That's why we want to provide the guidance on a comparable basis.
 And we're going to see some of that dynamic in Q4 already,
 why we've mentioned that
 Q4 net sales are going to be down double digits on a reported basis.
 Between 15% up to 20%.
 is simply the impact of the banning digesters.
 There's a significant transformation going on.
 It's a totally different shape of a P&L next year on concepts, on sales, on stores.
 understood
 My follow-up question is related to the mix of online versus in-store sales that you're expecting in 2021.
 Would you expect that mix of in-store sales to increase from 2020?
 And if so, why do you expect so much channel shift headwinds?
 wind? Is it just because of freight
 rate increases
 yeah I mean we do
 I mean, there's a natural pivot back to stores.
 there just will be
 and again it's been such an exceptional year
 we think that the digital penetration will continue to be strong
 and we've got great
 offsets to that, including where we were sharing
 that 36% of all our digital orders were actually fulfilled by stores in the quarter.
 There was just incredible agility there.
 So we're going to be offsetting some of the costs.
 We see some freight permeating in 2021,
 but we are factoring in the high digital penetration rate.
 Thank you very much.
 We'll be right back.
 And that is all time to say.
 We have four questions.
 I will now turn the call back over to Janet Barth for closing remarks.
 Thank you.
 And thank you all for participating in our call today.
 Please feel free to contact me or Felix with any additional questions.
 Have a great day and stay safe.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 That concludes today's call.
 thank you for participating
 and you may now disconnect.