 Welcome to the Bed Bath and Beyond, fiscal 2023,
 for quarter earnings call.
 participants will be in a listen-only mode until the Q&A portion of the call.
 today's call is being recorded.
 Every broadcast of the conference will be available via webcast found on the
 Companies Investor Relations website.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Janet Barth,
 Vice President of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
 Thank you and good morning, everyone.
 Welcome to our fiscal 2020 Third Quarter Earnings Call.
 On the call with us today is President and CEO Mark Triton, Chief Financial Officer and
 Treasurer Gustavo Arnault, Chief Operating Officer and President of Bye Bye Baby, John
 Hartman and Chief Digital Officer Rafael Massoud.
 Before we begin, let me remind you that our fiscal 2020
 Third-quarter earnings release and slide presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section
 of our website at www.BedBathAndBeyond.com and as exhibits to the Form 8K, we just file
 the head of this call.
 This conference call and the slides we refer to may contain forward-looking statements,
 including statements about, or references to,
 our outlook regarding the company's performance or internal models and our long-term objectives.
 All such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
 to different...
 for materially from what we say during the call today.
 Please refer to our most recent periodic SEC filings
 for more detail on these risks and uncertainties,
 including the risk factors section
 in our annual report on Form 10K.
 the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.
 Additionally, the information we will discuss today contains certain financial measures
 measures that exclude amounts, or are subject to adjustments that have
 the effects of excluding amounts that are included in the most directly comparable measure
 prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 For a reconciliation to the most comparable measures presented in accordance with GAAP,
 Please refer to the table in our Earnings Press release available on our website and
 and included as an exhibit to our Form 8K file today.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark.
 Thank you, Janet, and good morning and happy new year to you all.
 It's hard to believe it's been a full year since my first signings call as CEO of that
 path beyond.
 I want an exceptional year of change it has been.
 At that time, I clearly stated our fiscal 2019 third quarter results were unsatisfactory
 and underscored the imperative to change.
 I declare that we must respond to the challenges we face as a business, including pressure
 should sales and profitability and reconstruct a modern, durable model for long-term profitable
 Christ. Today we stand in a very different position
 as a company than we did just a mere 12 months ago.
 Firstly, we continue to execute on our digital first omni-always strategy and they've delivered
 a second consecutive quarter of comparable sales and EBITDA growth through strong margin
 management.
 Secondly, we responded to our customers wherever they needed us, growing our omni-capability
 to accelerate profitable digital growth and grow our customer base.
 Thirdly, we continue to strengthen an already strong balance sheet and remain focused on
 ensuring liquidity, optimizing costs, and significantly reducing debt while driving positive
 catch play generation.
 And while we drove overall business results, we also
 completed our non-core banner monetization plan with the final transaction set to close
 in our fiscal 2024 quarter.
 These efforts will help fund our transformation and put us in a position to start fiscal 2021
 a more cohesive set of core businesses.
 Favourable sales results are also starting to be reflected in market share data month
 And by month we have been minimising our share of differentials versus the market and encouragingly
 in the most recent MPD data for October and November, we achieved market share gains in
 the bed category, with improving trends in both bath and kitchen categories.
 We expect to see continued improvement in market share trends as our strategy continues to
 to take hold.
 We continue to show strong market share strength in wedding registry, where we believe we
 We are very well positioned as a market leader when we get back to celebrating important
 life moments such as getting married.
 All of this has been achieved this quarter,
 despite the significant headwind of COVID-19.
 During our call today, Gustavo Arnau, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will review
 after quarter financial results and then provide some perspective on our fourth quarter and
 They're out.
 2021.
 Then Raffi Muthood, chief digital officer, will speak about the quarter from a digital
 first and customer perspective.
 And then John Hartman, Chief Operating Officer and President, bye-bye, baby, who did the
 the same for our operations, including the progress on our plans to close under-performance
 stores and invest in our remaining portfolio.
 We will then take questions.
 Is that all?
 Thank you, Mark.
 and good morning everyone.
 Today I will cover two key topics.
 First, I will provide perspective
 on the performance of our third quarter.
 as well as on December cell strength.
 and then I will provide visibility
 on the current fourth quarter, as well as on our outlook
 for fiscal year 2021.
 To begin, it is important to note that our first goal is to
 first quarter runs through September, October, and November and consistent with last year,
 The Saturday of Thanksgiving weekend was the last date of the period.
 We delivered strong results, despite extensive and widely reported COVID-related headwinds.
 These included lower food traffic trends, shipping capacity constraints, and much higher
 freight costs.
 During a challenging holiday period, we strengthen our commercial plans to drive significant
 digital demand, why remaining focused on delivering gross margin expansion?
 Positive Tom sales growth was led by our core bedbath and Beyond Banner, which was up to
 5%.
 It was fueled by exponential digital growth of 94 percent, which more than offset stored
 declines of 14 percent.
 This was healthy and broad base across five key destination categories, which grew 11%
 represented two-thirds of Revin.
 Total enterprise comparable sales grew 2%.
 also driven by strong digital comp growth of 77%.
 As you'll hear from John in a few minutes, COVID-related headwinds disproportionately
 impact of store-salesing in our baby business during the quarter.
 That's encouraging me.
 We saw a return to growth in December following some key interventions.
 The strength of our digital growth has been powered by the investments we have made in
 only capability, including both its curbside pickup and same-day delivery, which are all
 all completely new this year.
 BOPIS orders represented 16% of total digital sales in the quarter.
 These service offerings provide ease and convenience and allow us to further gain trust from our
 our customers, including the approximately 7 million new online customers gained these
 year.
 Our digital capabilities are becoming a key driver of results.
 Net sales were $2.6 billion, an expected reduction of 5%.
 primarily due to the impact from banners, divestitures,
 and the continuation of our bed, bath, and beyond.
 network optimization initiatives.
 This has been a holiday season like no other.
 As outlined by third-party data sources, including sensormatic and Adobe Analytics, market-wide
 Black Friday in-store traffic was down by over 50 percent, and online spending was up 22 percent.
 Similarly, for the six-week holiday period, market-wide in-store traffic fell between
 34 and 36 percent.
 We perform strongly against this reported trend.
 during the competitively-themed 10-5-day holiday sales period,
 from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday.
 Overall comp sales demand for our core U.S. pet bath and beyond banner was up double
 digits versus last year and delivered digital comm sales growth of approximately 69% more
 More than offsetting, store comp sales declined of 24%.
 During the six-week holiday sales period from November 16 to December 27, our total
 enterprise comp sales grew low single digits.
 led by significant digital growth of more than 90%,
 which more than offset store comp sales declines
 of more than 20%.
 I will now continue with our third quarter financial results.
 on a gap basis.
 including the non-cash loss from banners divested for health or self.
 We reported a net loss per diluted share of $0.61.
 Our gap results include approximately $86 million from unfavorable impacts, which are
 excluded from adjusted results to provide better perspectives on the underlying performance
 of our business.
 These include special items such as losses in the sales of businesses, including cost
 plus world market, which has helped herself, as well as non-cash charges for the impairment
 of certain long-leaf assets.
 plus restructuring and transformation expenses.
 adjusted gross margin increased 310 basis points to 35.4 percent.
 This expansion was driven by 180 basis points of favorable strategic engineering of promotion
 and markdown expense, including data-driven coupon
 optimization. A hundred and twenty basis points of favorable product mix from higher
 margin categories such as bedding and bath and 210 basis points of leverage from distribution
 For example, filming costs.
 These benefits were partially offset by a 200 basis points impact from ChannelMix due
 due to the anticipated larger proportion of total sales from digital channels versus
 prior year.
 This impact also includes around 80 basis points
 from higher shipping expense, associated with industry
 wide outbound rate rate increases, particularly in the
 latter part of the quarter.
 The significant year-over-year improvement in our adjusted growth margin reflects the
 the management team's focus on driving the components of margin while delivering exponential
 growth in digital.
 SG&A spends the client $41 million versus a prior year, driven primarily by lower payroll
 related expenses, including savings from our comprehensive restructuring actions earlier
 during the year.
 Adjusted EBITDAI increased 168% to $121 million, which is almost three times higher than the
 prior year period.
 This was driven by digital sales growth,
 coupled with growth margin expansion.
 Once again, these results demonstrate that our efforts to transform the business and
 build a modern, durable business model are working.
 Turning now to some cash flow and balance sheet item statement.
 We unlocked $244 million in positive cash flow generation.
 Cash flow from investments was $200 million positive.
 acid-included proceeds from non-core acid monetization, net of Catholics, operating
 cash flow of $44 million was also positive in spite of seasonal dynamics.
 We continue to carefully manage working capital this quarter with ending inventories of one
 On a sequential basis, inventories were 13% lower versus the second quarter and 30% lower
 than last year.
 This was primarily due to the impact from banner
 and divestitures, including seasonal inventory purchases for the holiday selling period.
 We are tracking at a faster pace to deliver our previously stated 2021 goal of 1 billion
 dollars in inventory reduction at retail compared to 2019.
 Our capital expenditure is $1,000 a month.
 The capital expenditures in the quarter were only 38 million.
 Instead, we have plans to significantly ramp up our cap spending starting in fiscal 21
 support of our digital first, all me always, transformation.
 During the third quarter, we also improve our cross-dead balance with a reduction in
 operating lease liability of about half a billion dollars from non-poor banner
 and divestitures and store clingsies.
 taken together with a half a billion in debt reductions we achieved in the second quarter
 We have reduced total gross debt by about $1 billion so far this year.
 a reduction of about 25%.
 We remain in a strong net cash position with an ending cash and investment balance of $1.5 billion.
 This is in line with the balance at the end of the second quarter, even after returning
 cash to shareholders in the form of accelerated share repurchases.
 We have also maintained a strong liquidity of $2.2 billion including our ADL.
 So capitalizing on this strong financial position, we launched a 225 million-accelerated share
 repurchase in late October, and in December, in conjunction with the announcement of a
 a definitive agreement to the best cost plus world market.
 reported plans for a second ASR in the amount of $150 million.
 These two programs totaling $375 million are expected to be completed on or before the
 the end of our fiscal fourth quarter.
 next month in February.
 And we'll result in a reduction of our shares outstanding
 of approximately 15% at current stock price levels.
 Our authorized level for share repurchase at this early stage of the planning period
 is now up to $825 million over the next three years.
 These actions reflect our balanced capital allocation principles.
 liquidity and confidence in our strategic growth plan.
 You summary.
 Our third quarter performance shows consistent execution of our strategy which drives sales
 and EBITDA growth.
 coupled with strong casual generation, and the reinitiation of capital return to shareholders.
 Now, moving on to our art look.
 I will start with some directional color on our expectations for Q4 and then provide perspective
 from fiscal 2021.
 have been widely reported that COVID-19-related headwinds
 continue to impact the retail industry.
 In this context, we will not be providing specific sales and earnings guidance for the
 occurring fourth quarter.
 That's it.
 We feel positive about the parts of the business
 we can control and expect to deliver year-on-year adjusted
 evid.margin.improvement in Q4.
 This, despite your storage traffic and shipping constraints,
 accompanied by higher freight costs.
 in terms of the top line.
 The comp sales are expected to be approximately in line with last year.
 We expect consistent strength and digital to be tempered by COVID-related headwinds,
 impacting stores.
 December sales show positive total enterprise comparable growth, including continued strength
 across key destination category.
 Importantly, we're planning for a double-digit on favorable impact on Q4 total net sales
 versus last year, even the divested banners and the ongoing store optimization initiative.
 In terms of growth margin, in spite of the anticipated drags from significant freight
 cost increases in Q4.
 We're driving cost optimization actions to manage the impact of these pressures.
 So we expect Girl's Margin to be about in line with the same period last year.
 Again, we expect to deliver a year-on-year adjusted EBITDA margin increase in Q4 with
 absolute EBITDA figures in line with the prior year.
 Now I'll turn to fiscal 2021.
 Our initial outlook included fiscal year 2019 as the phase year.
 By the time, our portfolio banner review was still underway.
 We had already divested four banners, but we did not have a signed deal for cost plus
 world market yet.
 Now we do.
 and we expect this transaction to close imminently.
 Today, we're providing additional visibility on the significant reshape of our P&L.
 as a result of these vestiges and the closure of underperforming stores.
 Our significant portfolio transformation will lead to fewer, better-performing stores,
 and will include a healthier core revenue base with a larger proportion of a faster
 growing digital business.
 We're now tightening our projected fiscal 21 revenue range to approximately $8 to $8.2
 billion.
 Looking at core...
 quarters, starting with the first quarter, which will not be on a cop basis.
 We expect to recapture the lost sales opportunities from the store closures in 2020 due to the
 to COVID-19, during quarters two through four,
 which will be on a calm basis.
 we expect to sustain comparable sales levels in relation
 to the solid, com-cell space of fiscal 2020.
 Our sales forecast for financial planning purposes assumes total enterprise-comparable sales
 to be in line with fiscal 2020.
 We are reiterating our expectations for adjusted gross margin of approximately 35%, which represents
 a more than 200 basis point improvement versus pro forma 2019.
 We are enhancing a Justice Fiscal Year 2021 EBITDA to a range of between 500 to 525 million
 dollars.
 represents a 20% increase from the Proforma 2019 EBITDA base of 425 million.
 The drivers of the adjusted EBITDA range are consistent with the ones we have previously
 be shared.
 including cost savings from planned store closures,
 product sourcing and restructuring actions.
 and the impact from reinvestments and channel shift and shipping costs.
 And as I said earlier, we have assumed comp sales to be in line versus fiscal 2020 for
 modeling purposes, as we're not requiring sales growth to deliver the higher EBITDA
 But needless to say, we will strive for continued top-line growth in a highly competitive environment.
 Our performance to date gives us confidence in our longer-term goal of achieving between
 and $1 billion in adjusted EBITDA by fiscal 2023.
 Importantly, our portfolio transformation, coupled with store closures, is driving significant
 balance sheet improvement through gross debt reduction of $1 billion.
 This will result in a gross dead-to-eat-a-die ratio below 3.5 times, which puts us well
 on our way to our midterm goal of below three times.
 We have a strategic and disciplined pathway for driving sales and margin growth, generating
 cash and investing in our business plan to drive shareholder value creation.
 It is working.
 I will now turn the call over to Rafi Masou, Chief Digital Officer.
 Rafi?
 Thank you, Gustavo.
 With COVID as a headwind to our store traffic, we have stuffed up our strategy as an omni
 always retailer and it is paying off.
 During the third quarter, we delivered digital growth of 77%.
 Our third consecutive quarter of growth in excess of 75% this year.
 Our Bed Bath and Beyond banner alone post a digital comm sales up 94%, almost doubling
 last year still.
 With this momentum and based on current trends, we are on track to exceed our digital sales
 goal of $3 billion by the end of fiscal 2020.
 We have laid out a transformation plan to unlock the potential of our omni-always growth
 That's great energy.
 by elevating customer experience,
 building out our Omni capabilities,
 and evolving to a digital-first culture.
 The goal of this initiative is to meet customers wherever they are.
 I am pleased to report that the company is now incredibly equipped to do that.
 The benefits are coming through not only in digital sales growth but also in customer
 metrics.
 In the quarter, we gained 2.2 million new online customers, of which the bed-bath banner
 alone added 1.8 million.
 For today, we have gained approximately 7 million new online customers.
 And not only are we attracting new customers, we are seeing them return at a higher rate
 than ever before.
 In the third quarter, 21% of our bedbath and beyond customers
 place more than one online order
 compared to about 15% versus last year.
 So what's driving the sticky customer experience for online customers?
 We believe the true hero for us is buy online, pick up in store.
 Since introducing BOPUS and contactless curbside pickup services earlier this year, we have
 have seen a rapid rate of adoption by our customers.
 In the third quarter, approximately 1.2 million customers
 placed in BOPUS order.
 representing 16% of our total digital revenue.
 in the bed top and beyond banner.
 focus orders represented 15% of total digital sales and 17% of total digital orders.
 And 60% of our focus orders were ready within 30 minutes,
 surpassing our two-hour promise.
 as fast and convenient experience has earned BedBap and Beyond a net promoter score of
 of 80% for our focus services.
 from 49% in May when we first introduced this service.
 Our stores are now a competitive advantage of our Omni strategy.
 fulfilling a total of 36% of all digital sales
 in the third quarter.
 This muscle was not in place last year.
 Now, we're connecting our stores with our online platforms
 and the power of Omni is enabling us
 and better serve our customers.
 However, they choose to shop.
 We know OmniChannel is the future of retail and we are making the right investments that
 resonating with our customers.
 The fast-paced transformation of our digital offering and elevated customer experience
 has resulted in a 25% lift in our online conversion rate
 for the third quarter as compared to the prior year.
 Key drivers of the increase include, first, the relaunch of our mobile site and mobile
 apps.
 We'll be in-
 implemented a new framework with an optimized experience
 that drove a 33% increase in conversion,
 and mobile sales growth of 107% versus the prior year period.
 During the five-day holiday shopping period, from Thanksgiving to Cyber Monday, our mobile
 home page loaded 74% faster than the same period last year.
 We also relaunched BedBap and Beyond and Bye Bye Baby mobile apps,
 resulting in over 800,000 downloads this quarter.
 Our bedbath and beyond mobile app was launched over 15 million times during this quarter
 and revenue more than double versus last year.
 We have also seen the rate of app uninstalled continue to improve.
 further underscoring the stickiness
 of our customer experience.
 Second, in order to ensure that we were firing on all cylinders going into the holiday season,
 We launch same-day delivery on BedBathBeyond.com and ByeByeBaby.com to provide our customer
 another convenient and cost-effective way to shop.
 This service was introduced in Q3.
 Please.
 Results are.
 But we have seen hundreds of thousands of our customers take advantage of this new convenient way to shop.
 We also began to offer same-day delivery service through the launch of Bed Bath & Beyond
 and buy-by-baby stores on shipped and Instacart.
 With both marketplaces, each reaching more than 80% of U.S. households.
 Harman face values was recently added to the Instacart marketplace, and we are pleased
 with its initial launch and continued positive response
 from customers on this platform.
 Third, we implemented over 100 improvements
 to make our shopping experience more convenient and easier to use, including a faster checkout
 process and new payment type options.
 This includes
 Good.
 pay later options like after pay and pay pals pay in four as well as extending
 Apple Pay from store only to our mobile apps.
 During the quarter, we also focus on optimizing our experiences and speed to place orders
 on our site, making it even easier, convenient, and faster for our customers to shop with
 us.
 Again, each of these initiatives were geared to customers with the goal of meeting them
 where they are in creating multiple options
 for payment and delivery.
 As we look at our digital program holistically,
 It is a true revolution from where we were a year ago, and has become part of the fabric
 of how we operate at Bed Bath and Beyond.
 The customer environment is rapidly changing, and we are there to greet them at every turn.
 Through our enhanced services, speed, and focus on engagement,
 our customer perception continues to improve.
 Our OmniAlways strategy is working and was a key driver of our third quarter sales performance.
 Our strength in digital has more than compensated for the headwind of the pandemic and has fast-tracked
 our transformation as we moved into the important holiday season this year, and steps us up
 for success moving forward.
 We have delivered an elevated customer experience.
 We launch meaningful capabilities and pivot digital from a laggard tactic to a strategic
 acid and a profitable growth engine that has delivered another strong quarter of growth.
 With that, I will turn the call over to John Hartman, our Chief Operating Officer, and
 the president of Bye Bye Baby.
 John.
 Thank you, Rafi.
 We made exceptional progress across our operations in the third quarter, specifically as it relates
 to our supply chain reformation, optimizing our real estate
 portfolio in advancing our technology roadmap.
 Modernizing our business remains a key focus.
 and we are evolving our store formats.
 our distribution and fulfillment capabilities
 alongside leveraging our unique data and insights.
 to meet the changing needs of our customers,
 and deliver an exceptional shopping experience.
 I'll start with supply chain.
 while we remain focused on mid-to-long-term capability
 building.
 We made very sub-
 substantial pivots in the third quarter.
 As Rafi mentioned, our stores fulfilled 36% of total digital sales in the third quarter.
 Last year we didn't have BOPIS, curbside pickup, or same-day delivery in our offering.
 not only do these new capabilities provide ease and convenience to our customers, they
 They also help us to partially alleviate current shipping constraints and additional cost
 pressures in the supply chain.
 the quarter.
 also added a secondary national carrier in several regional parcel delivery carriers,
 which helped to offset an over 20% cost increase
 from our primary carrier, FedEx.
 and importantly, we continue to focus intently
 on the health and safety of our associates
 working in our fulfillment centers
 by instituting daily COVID cleaning procedures
 in our facilities.
 Concurrently, we launched an evaluation of a number of potential third-party logistics
 providers who will partner with us to establish new regional distribution centers and to manage
 the efficient flow of domestic distribution.
 We anticipate that using third-party logistics operators will also be able to do a lot of
 also provide increased financial flexibility
 and reduced capital expense.
 This is the cornerstone of the transformation of our supply chain network and will increase
 our capacity for fast store replenishment, while continuing to leverage the store network
 for Omni-Fulfillment.
 by making the replenishment process more efficient.
 Our store teams will have a more predictable
 and faster flow of the products we sell most.
 In turn, this will allow us to meet the increased demand for bhopus, curbside, and
 same-day delivery services while also reducing the time our store teams spend managing deliveries
 so they can spend more time with our customers.
 Also, please do not forget to subscribe to our channel.
 Also, please do not forget to check out our other videos.
 to our transformation is technology.
 And we are taking a disciplined approach to our investments in building a technology
 infrastructure that will enable us to personalize the service for our customers, improve our
 ability to predict and meet demand, make it easier to collaborate across teams, and drive
 down inefficiencies in our business.
 Over the next three years, we plan to invest approximately $250 million to modernize the
 application and technology landscape to a cloud-empowered
 foundation.
 Last quarter, we talked about our expanded multi-year partnership with Google and Deloitte
 to enhance our Omni-Channel Shopping experience.
 This quarter, we defined our plans for a new ERP system.
 We will also be pursuing a product lifecycle management solution in support of our own
 brand initiative and an inventory management capability to improve inventory productivity.
 These plans will all start in 2021,
 and our foundational parts of building out
 technology infrastructure.
 In other activity, we are making significant progress toward the targets we have previously
 highlighted.
 regarding our real estate portfolio,
 including our stored network optimization
 and store remodel plans.
 Let me start with our network optimization program which is designed to not only ensure
 where our stores remain a strategic asset for us,
 but also to ensure that we have them in the right locations to deliver more sustainable
 sales growth, improved margins, and greater cash generation.
 as part of this work.
 We are well underway in the process
 with closing approximately 200 underperforming bed, bath,
 beyond stores by the end of fiscal 2021.
 Initially, we identified about one third of these stores
 to be closed by the end of the fiscal year.
 We have since accelerated the pace of targeted store closings this year from 70 to about
 120 stores with certain stores closing earlier than planned due to having efficiently sold
 down store inventory during the closing process.
 In the third quarter, we closed four bedbath and beyond stores,
 And in December, we closed another 75.
 we are currently liquidating an additional 42 stores.
 We are very pleased with our progress to date and completing this door close your
 program during fiscal 2021 remains a priority.
 Turning to our bed, bath, and beyond store remodel program, we have advanced from the
 initial prototype phase to active iteration within 10 stores in our Houston markets.
 These proof-of-concept stores highlight our destination categories, BED, BED, BED, BED,
 and storage.
 We expect to complete this phase of the remodel program by the end of February 2021.
 Additionally, we will take all the visual signage enhancements
 and immediately apply them to the entire fleet of stores
 on the same timeline.
 Next, we will take our learnings from Houston and move into our first expanded wave of renovations
 in 2021, which includes approximately 150 stores.
 In total, our store remodel plan involves $250 million of investment over the next
 years and touches over 450 stores representing roughly 60% of our revenue.
 In addition, we will utilize strategic sourcing methods to procure necessary remodel components
 at a lower cost and leverage economies of scale with this overall initiative.
 Instead of the legacy store-by-store one-off approach of the past, we have established
 a unified planning process to identify, prioritize, and sequence all aspects of the remodels.
 These story models and our network optimization plans are crucial steps in building an Omni-Oli's
 organization that serves our digital first customers with an intuitive and modern shopping
 experience.
 We look forward to reporting our progress along the way.
 Before closing, let me provide some perspective
 on the quarterly performance of Bye Bye Baby,
 which represented approximately 10% of total enterprise
 reported sales in the third quarter.
 This included strong growth in digital of approximately 40%,
 which represented more than half of the sales in the quarter.
 It remains a challenging environment for our new or soon-to-be parents who are
 particularly vulnerable to the perceived challenges
 associated with in-store shopping due to COVID-19.
 As a result, we saw a disproportionate level
 of store traffic declines from our baby customers,
 this quarter, then across our other banners.
 These COVID-related headwinds have also had a short-term impact on the registry component
 of our business, which is highly correlated to in-store activity.
 While we have seen overall growth in the registry,
 Digital registries created online currently tend to carry a lower average value than the
 was created in store.
 Enhancements to the digital registry experience are addressing this opportunity to assist
 our customers in building a more well-rounded baby wish list.
 COVID-19 headwinds have also constrained inventory levels in certain of our key categories, such
 as furniture and gear.
 as a result of disruptions in the global supply chain.
 We have made key pivots here, including sharing improved
 forecast with our vendor partners well into 2021.
 So, as consumer behavior shifted, we pivoted and leaned into digital to create an enhanced
 online experience with a more convenient suite of checkout options, including AfterPay, Payin4,
 and Apple Pay.
 We also upgraded and re-launched our Bye Bye Baby app in November, strengthening the
 choices we offer our customers who connect with us digitally.
 To date, we have gained nearly 2 million U.S. online customers, an increase of 46 percent
 over the last year, including more than a half a million new online customers in the
 third quarter. In all, nearly two-thirds of our baby customers only shopped online this
 quarter.
 As young parents take safety into consideration this year,
 Our new Omni capabilities allowed us to meet them where they are, with BOPUS, curbside,
 same-day delivery services.
 orders fulfilled by our baby stores represented a significant portion of total orders in the
 quarter, with BOPUS orders representing approximately half of all store fulfilled orders.
 of a holiday period is traditionally not a big baby season.
 except for gift-giving or needs of families getting ready for,
 or just having had a baby.
 We did see strong digital demand, comp growth,
 of 49% year-over-year during the five-day holiday period from Thanksgiving to Cyber
 Monday.
 This growth was driven by top performing baby categories including toys, playroom, furniture,
 apparel.
 These positive sales and category trends accelerated in December.
 We believe in this business and we are now ready to double down on and significantly
 invest in expanding sales and margin and growing our market share.
 We plan to accelerate our growth in baby over the next several years, including introducing
 own brands, aging up into toddler and younger children, as well as expanding into categories
 like toys and educational, as well as furniture, enhancing our registry and leading with new
 partnerships.
 We will also invest to scale our footprint nationwide with about 50 new stores over
 the next three years.
 CISCLE 2021 will mark the true beginning of the transformation of this banner as we
 execute our three-year plan and unlock the value of this brand. Earlier this week, we
 We announce the appointment of Patty Wu as Senior Vice President of the United States
 President and General Manager for Bye Bye Baby.
 Patty's exceptional experience will help accelerate our plans and drive meaningful change.
 We look forward to sharing our progress in future conference calls.
 I'll turn it back over to you now for closing remarks.
 Thank you, John.
 A strong performance this quarter across several key performance metrics, including positive
 positive comp sales growth, growth margin expansion, positive cash flow generation and
 gross debt reduction is evidence of our transformation taking hold even despite the significant
 headwind of a global pandemic. Yet, what I saw beyond the numbers was even more impressive.
 Our team was planning, modifying and executing in an aligned and disciplined way like never before.
 They were learning and improving in real time as the customer and conditions changed, showing
 true agility in motion, these newly acquired muscles extended from product and price through
 messaging and digital expression to South Law and Distribution Centre.
 I'm truly grateful to all our associates that rallied around this call to action to demonstrate
 our strengths and opportunities as the new Dead Barton Beyond team.
 And what has been an exceptional year of change so far, we still continue to make bold pivots
 to reconstruct, renovate, and restore our company.
 simply put, we're delivering them what we said we would do.
 We said we would put a team in place that would have the right talent and expertise
 to execute our new vision and inject new ideas, and that we would create the right
 organizational structure to facilitate more streamlined decision making and we've done
 We said we would lean into the digital space and make it easier and more convenient for
 our customer to shop with us, and we are doing that.
 We said we would reset our cost structure.
 modernize for growth and refine our organization.
 And we've done that and continue to focus on gross margin improvement.
 We said we had a clear mandate to reestablish our authority as the preferred omni-channel
 own destination and that we would use customer inspired and market insights to develop our
 a new customer value proposition and we are doing that.
 We said we would evaluate our asset base and how best to optimize its value for the
 business on a go-forward basis and we have done that.
 And finally, we said our mission is to ensure that bedbugs and beyond is well positioned
 to long-term success.
 and we're doing just that
 I'm proud of what our teams have achieved.
 I thank them for their continued dedication and commitment to the long-term success of
 company.
 Our results this quarter set a firm base from which we will continue to drive our bold transformation
 and seek to deliver on our three-year strategic and financial goals shared at our 2020 investor
 We have many bold and exciting plans for fiscal 2021, such as launching your own brand that
 will help differentiate us in our T destination category.
 modeling approximately 150 stores under our store network optimization program.
 introducing new and unique digital services designed to enhance our OmniAlways experience.
 modernizing our technology in operations, and reinventing our supply chain for the future.
 investing to further strengthen our bye bye baby and harm and benefit and continuing to
 to unlock and deliver the shareholder value.
 in a year like no other.
 We are embracing and driving transformative change, staying curious and bold and so much
 I'm proud of the commitment our team has shown and what we have achieved together.
 With that, we will now take your questions.
 You will now begin the question and answer session.
 If you have a question, please press star then one
 on your touchtone phone.
 If you wish to be removed from the queue, please press the pound sign or the hash key.
 There will be delay before the first question is announced.
 If using a speakerphone, you may need to pick up the handset first before pressing the numbers.
 Once again, if you have questions, press star then 1 on your touch-tone phone.
 And our first question is from Kurt Nagle from Bank of America.
 All right.
 Good morning.
 Good morning. Thanks very much for taking my questions.
 Yeah, so the first one is, you know, understand how, you know, very strange shipping and freight
 was an issue for holiday margins.
 But how long do you think this pressure carries into 21?
 It sounds like at least for the full year, you don't think it's an issue since you're
 We're still targeting 35% gross margins in 21, and then just have a follow-up after
 that.
 Good morning, Kurt.
 Thanks.
 Look, we know that the freight pressure across retail is here to stay, and we've built that
 into our future plans.
 So we see that our margin stability and the offsets that we've created currently in the
 the perfect concept of those over both Q2 and Q3 of this year really stands as a good
 instead to deliver that 35% margin.
 so we feel really comfortable around that.
 Okay, maybe just, you know, again, see a mark.
 You know, maybe give this a quick update on some of the big, you know,
 Merchandising Initiatives, you guys have outlined in the October Analyst Day, such as, you know,
 lower sourcing and vendor cost and then you know starting to roll out improved
 more merchandise or more exclusive product and how much of an impact that will make it
 at least how to think about the cadence of those things in 2021.
 Yeah, I mean, the good news is that we've rebuilt a firm foundation with these results.
 the actions and trends we had here in terms of margin, but across the board are really
 substantial and sustainable and they were going to add into those the rolling
 benefits as you outlined it.
 So the sourcing benefits that we've undertaken throughout 2020 are really going to be evidenced
 in First Quarter onwards in 2021.
 And then we begin in March with the rollout of our own brands.
 and we're going to be sharing more closely in the pagination of that flow throughout
 the year several breads will be launched, but the key news is that in the first half
 of 2021. We'll be addressing the majority of our big key categories we're already seeing
 strength and growth in re-embedding those with own brands and also the introduction
 of opening price point items and a range there which has been a huge missing part of our
 our equation in terms of being truly competitive in the marketplace to build our authority.
 So these step changes, the consistent management of promotions, the mixed management, now we're
 going to lay in the incremental benefits of sourcing and own brand, so we're excited
 about that proportion in 2021.
 Our next question is from Simeon Morgan Stanley.
 Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about where your expectations
 were a couple months ago for the fourth quarter in sales, and now, and I know the outlook
 for next year, embeds, flattish.
 Does that change now that you're going to be laughing something that may be potentially
 weaker this year's fourth quarter.
 Yeah, I think, again, we had robust plans for Q4 of this year.
 We feel good about how we're executing on those,
 but there's no doubt that the COVID headwinds
 and the impact that has had on foot traffic
 and overall consumer confidence
 That's something that we've had to factor into our plan,
 That's why we talked about the agility of our team through Q3 and now Q4 to respond
 of those challenges.
 And so we think we've met those in, you know, what has been a table on time and we really
 we look forward to lapping those next year in a very different way.
 Thanks for that. And then my follow-up, can you talk about Q4?
 You mentioned the freight headwinds, but offset by some optimization on, I think,
 the gross margin in terms of promotion and pricing.
 Can you talk about the promotional environment?
 And then, you know, thinking about how much margin opportunity there still is, I think
 for next year's guidance revision.
 That is, it looks like it's more of a function of the margin changing as opposed to the top
 just to confirm.
 Yeah, I think that, you know, we would stress that we did not become more promotional during
 the quarter in Q3 or in Q4.
 We've actually reshaped and re-engineered our promotional activity.
 we had opportunity to do so, but that's really paying dividends in terms of generating gross
 margin and helping to create that balance and exceeding equation on the margin differentials
 from shipping and freight.
 So we're less promotional.
 We're more focused on rig price.
 We're winning customers, and we see that progressing forward.
 And as Gustavo had outlined, we're not putting pressure on the working sales plan to generate
 but we believe that we can do that through a number of the different initiatives we have
 through cost control and definitely margin growth in 2021 as we outlined in our three
 plan, that 3-U plan, sorry.
 Our next question is from Bobby Griffin from Raymond James.
 morning buddy
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 I guess we'll start with Mark.
 The first thing I want to talk about
 was looking at the range for next year.
 It's a fairly tight range of 500 to 525 million EBITDA.
 It's still a lot of uncertainty out there, so can you maybe talk a little bit more about
 What you see in the business now that really gives you confidence in tightening that range
 up and as a second part of that, what could be the driver that would cause that range
 to underperform?
 Is it sales?
 margin, what gives you the most concern there?
 Hi, Bobby, Gustavo here.
 So definitely, there's still a lot of uncertainties
 as we look forward, but we feel very confident in our plans.
 We have clarity on the drivers of gross margin expansion, which is why we are reiterating
 a gross margin of 35%.
 next year.
 In spite of the recent headwinds that we're seeing on freight costs, as Mark mentioned,
 We're being more data-driven in managing our promotion and our mix.
 And with that, we will offset it.
 It is a tighter range than the one we provided at Investors' Day, but we said that it is
 And as we completed the portion of the program, we are going to move on to the next slide.
 portfolio work, the monetization of non-core assets, we would tighten that, and that's
 we're coming for to you right now.
 When your question of what can throw us off is not sales, we are prudently assuming for
 financial planning purposes that we would have sales come sales in line with prior year
 And each buy with that, we would deliver significant EBITDA growth.
 Yeah, Bobby, I would just add that I think that the plan we're placing is a responsible
 plan based on changing circumstances in the market.
 threat or concern would really be a macro market issue, not an internally
 cost issue. And again, I think 2020 is exemplified how everyone gets affected by those things.
 So we are monitoring things very carefully by week and by quarter, we feel that plant
 is responsible and achievable, and we're looking forward to delivering that.
 All right.
 Thank you.
 My second question would be for the December commentary, you mentioned that the enterprise
 I did show some growth for comparable sales.
 But then I guess for the entire quarter,
 you're kind of calling for flattish versus last year,
 or in line, I believe, is the awarding.
 Can you maybe just talk a little bit
 about what is going in there, something popped up
 in the last couple weeks that's giving you concern
 Is that just a little bit of, you know, a function of being
 conservative given the level of uncertainty that's still out there in the world.
 Yeah, bang on there.
 It's definitely around.
 We've seen positive signs in December, remembering that our fourth quarter is December, January
 February, we still have two full months to complete this process.
 There's a lot going on in the world and we want to make sure that we're being responsible
 in our planning and, you know, we look forward to kind of sharing more in the fourth quarter.
 Thank you very much best of luck
 Once again, if you have a question, press star then 1 on your touchtone phone.
 And our next question is from Chris Hoverts from J.P. Morgan.
 Thanks. Good morning, guys.
 So my first question is a follow-up.
 As you think about, you know, you talk about, you know, things evolving and changing as
 as you thought about your 21 plan.
 Is it fair to say that COVID changed in terms of the recent surge?
 Are you assuming that this sort of lasts longer until we actually get to a vaccine?
 was the change there and also was the other change, the freight costs, I mean, presumably
 as the holiday volume surcharges
 should come down as you get into a more normalized sort of shipping environment
 here, so is there something structural within that freight that you're assuming sticks around?
 Yeah, I think it's prudent to think about an environment.
 and we saw an acceleration, a change of behaviour between our Q2 and September, October results
 and versus November results based on COVID,
 and based on foot traffic to stores, customers being concerned around what the future held
 and real uncertainty in the market
 really begin around the election period.
 So we are a big prude in thinking through, you know,
 with the vaccine rollout.
 It's still under white, still very early.
 We want to be able to monitor that and it's impact.
 We haven't factored anything in terms of stimulus checks and their impact on the business because
 And again, that's been so uncertain, it's only just new news.
 So just ensuring that the level of uncertainty and volatility that that has or could bring
 is built conservatively into our plans and that we can balance out any of those headwinds.
 You know, I think it's been interesting that there's been a lot of discussion around the
 home category experiencing this great tailwind from, you know, the COVID moment, all of us
 and retail have been facing incredible headwinds and confusion and concern from the customer
 that we tried to find.
 But I feel really positive that we're delivering positive comps, profit, EBITDA in the face
 that answer.
 Thank you.
 ensure that we've got a balanced plan going into 2021.
 got it, so understood.
 And then in terms of the fourth quarter, I mean just relative to history for gross margin
 rate to be worse in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter, just trying to
 really understand that. You mentioned not being more promotional in December. You get
 about our math, about 140 bibs, from the accounting shift between cost of goods and
 So, is a shipping surcharger going to be much larger than the 80 basis points that you saw
 on 3Q, you lap 180 basis points of markdown pressure,
 and obviously, you know, it seems like a very clean inventory, so just trying to understand
 dynamic on a, you know, year-over-year and sequential basis in gross margins, such that
 it was
 would be flat in the fourth quarter, your rear.
 Sure Chris.
 It's right on what you said about the shipping cost, part of the reason in the preparing
 marks we talked about, 80 basis points, impact in Q3.
 that was just the latter part of the court
 what we're estimating in Q4 is over 150 basis points impact.
 and we'll commit it to offsetting that.
 again through discipline, promotion management,
 and mix, and that's what we will do.
 but the incidence on the shipping cost,
 It's much larger in Q4, and that's why we're being
 put in on that.
 Chris, I just also add, if you're looking at Q4 versus Q4 last year, the thing you've
 to be recognized and that is the consumer behavior and the impact of digital purchasing
 versus store purchasing.
 You know, it is not life-alike and it's definitely accelerated and that's brought with it natural
 pressures to margin and mix as we've shared, but we're offsetting that and mitigating that
 to be stable I think is a real achievement. So these are, you know, it is a Q4 like no
 and the consumer behavior, the digital behavior, and therefore what that's meant for margin
 and inclusive shipping is part of what we're balancing here.
 Again, one month into our three-month quarter, but we want to make sure that we're being
 improved, I understand.
 Thanks so much, guys.
 And our next question is from Peter Benedict from Baird.
 All right, guys.
 Thanks, thanks for taking the question.
 First, I'm just curious on the adoption of BOPUS,
 and I know it's been around six months
 and, you know, the curbside, but, I mean, how is that trending relative to your expectations
 and what are your plans or goals to drive continued adoption of that in the months ahead?
 That's my first question.
 Yeah, Peter, great question.
 I think what we've seen, you know, we showed an overall statistic for Q3, but I'm packing
 that you see an escalation and a movement into the new months or remembering we only
 I don't want to introduce this in May.
 So what we're seeing now is we have an MPS score of 80, you know, we're able to provide
 about a two-hour assurance on our order for film and install level, and that's actually
 They're in real terms around 30 minutes.
 customers are loving it.
 I think in a total industry level, both this is a
 muscle and a new methodology is very accepted by the customer and we're benefiting from
 from that as well.
 We saw our rates in the December period,
 escalate week in, week out, as customers became more concerned around delivery shipping times
 and really ensuring that they had a joyous holiday period
 that they could secure the present under the tree.
 And so we really went into creating ease and convenience for our customer that they really
 They responded too.
 we're very grateful for.
 We believe these are constants now and they're muscles in the business that we want to maintain
 And for us, we know that a focus or a fulfilled buy store is almost equivalent to a store
 by silencers to profitability.
 The differential helps us and has helped us through Q3,
 And we'll help us in Q4 in terms of our shipping and profitability costs.
 So we think it's here to stay.
 It is one of the sticky outcomes of not just the progression
 both as but how COVID has fortified this as a new muscle for most retailers.
 Okay, thanks for that Mark.
 and then, I guess, shift to you guys' prop registry a couple times during your prepare
 and I'm not sure how much you're willing to share quantitatively on the size of those
 businesses, but maybe just more qualitative comments, baby versus wedding and I mean talk
 a little bit about basket size, but just curious kind of how you see those two businesses
 or that business across the two segments as part of your outlook over the next couple
 a couple years, any opportunities, thanks.
 Yeah, it's a great point.
 would actually differentiate between the moment in time experience versus the
 out for an experience.
 In the moment in time experience, as John outlined, baby registry is very strong for
 us.
 But it has been more reliant on an in-store experience, and when we do that, we build
 a big basket, it's more sticky and higher customer engagement.
 So we've been pivoting to strengthen our digital registry and we'll invest there further.
 But for us, we see complete upside in 2021 with, you know, the return to a more normalised
 shopping environment in stores and digital into the true omni.
 When we turn to Bed Bath and Beyond, the story is even better.
 We are consistently at the top of the ranking and have held market share in most recent
 data in terms of registries.
 Now, we haven't had the benefit of that in our 2020 or current numbers because of the
 COVID moment and people are just not having wedding ceremonies. In 2021, there's going
 be picked up, demand and transfer into that year for weddings to occur and because we
 We are number one in those spaces and well-placed with held market share and that the stats
 But good.
 I feel like that as a runway for growth over the next couple of years is one about solid
 that has an existing in our 2020 or current numbers,
 and we're going to be doubling down investing there even further.
 Our next question is from Steven Forbes from Guggenheim.
 time.
 Good morning.
 So I wanted to focus on the trends within the categories,
 maybe outside of the top five that you noted in the release.
 So Mark, just curious how these categories are performing.
 And now it's early, but performing within some of the new concept stores or remodels and
 or if you could just speak to some of the initiatives, right, that set her around the
 addressing the performance here.
 Product is although it's the lower percentage of sales, it's still one-third here, so let's
 to see how you're thinking about improving those specific categories.
 Yeah.
 to show you that through within them.
 Yeah, thanks Stephen, it's a great question.
 I think that there's been some natural headwinds there just based on some of these businesses
 being more relevant to store-based traffic than digital traffic for us, and one of them
 as personal care.
 Again, in our remodel scores that we've been testing,
 Our personal care business is booming and actually showing a huge differential to our
 control and when we get the traffic, we get the trade and I think what we saw in the end
 of Q3 and somewhat in Q4 is this sort of suppression of foot traffic in stores that
 that has a direct correlation.
 And that's a business that either is a great basket
 build business or is just part of a trip to store that's just not occurring at this
 the moment as frequently as it has in the past.
 I think there's a couple of key areas, too, where we have had some softness.
 I think cleaning is a really good example for us, an area that's normally being strong,
 I think getting supply of product has been an issue.
 constrained across the globe and we just haven't been firing in that space.
 But at the same time, we also cleared out of smaller categories like food to kind of
 clean up our assortment that we build into that impact.
 So we're really focused on doubling down on our strength
 categories, you see that coming through and consistent through Q3, Q4 and our efforts
 strategically in 2021 but we are definitely focusing on a couple of key categories where
 where we can really ramp up our inventory and our focus.
 We're already starting to see positive signs of that in January.
 Thanks, Mark.
 Thanks, Mark. I think maybe just a quick follow-up for your Gustavo.
 Yeah, obviously, we know the minimum wage rate increases that are transpiring this year
 You know potential some pressure right from other retailers announcing
 You know, the past of 15.
 So, I'm curious how you guys think about that as a pressure point on the business and what's
 incorporated right in the financial guidance as it relates to wage investments for 2021.
 Yeah, we definitely see the emerging trends and the evolution.
 We're looking at change of leadership and how that can impact on that.
 news on that today other than that we're looking at it very, very carefully.
 We want to be competitive in the marketplace and we'll be absorbing that into our overall
 up cough and financial plans going forward.
 Thank you.
 Best of luck.
 Our next question is from Karla Casella from JPMorgan.
 Hi.
 Just an update on how much of your cost savings did you achieve in the quarter from your overall
 Yeah.
 We're on track with the path that the objective we have of $200 million to $250 million going
 Next year, we expect about 125 at least.
 In the current quarter, we saw savings as you saw in the building blocks, right, 180
 basis points from product margin.
 and saving, including leverage of the solution cost of 210 basis points.
 Okay, so we can go towards the cost savings program.
 Okay, that's great.
 And also, did you provide overall same-source sales
 at Bye Bye Baby Harman.
 and then you gave some details,
 But I don't think I heard the same source sales number overall.
 No, we did not provide that card.
 I mean historically for the third quarter.
 No, we haven't.
 We said in the prepare remarks that in the third quarter, same-sourced cells were down
 in body baby and then recovered in December.
 the reason why they were down. Temporality in the quarter is some of the dynamics that
 that John spoke about.
 Just keep in mind, store sales.
 stored traffic, particularly in Bye Bye Baby,
 slowed down significantly in November, and he was partly compensated by the strength
 and digital, but still that recovery started happening in December.
 OK, great.
 And if you look at the Bed Bath and Beyond business alone, how much of that business was done by digital.
 I know you talked about digital growth there, but I'm wondering, you gave it for the overall
 company, but how is that training in Bed Bath & Beyond versus last year?
 We did share that the digital growth there is 94% for the quarter color, so exceptionally
 I guess I was wondering what percentage is the digital sales, not the gross.
 It's about a third.
 The overall company.
 Okay, third.
 It's about a third similar.
 Yeah, I think that the reference point to that color is that we're at 90% last year,
 And that was a growth and growth of the prior year at 16%.
 So you can see that exponential growth, and remembering that only includes the number of
 been but portion of the holiday period.
 And our next question is from my class or from UBS.
 Good morning.
 Thanks a lot for taking my question.
 Mark mentioned several times about the importance of driving in-store traffic to the bed-bath
 model whether it's through the wedding registry or some of the personal care
 products and one of the long-lasting outcomes of this situation is that they're just going
 going to be a higher penetration of e-commerce in retail and some of the initiatives that
 you're rolling out like her to pick up and ship uh...
 uh... ship to home
 are going to drive less traffic to your stores.
 So how are you going to balance that over the long run
 and generate some of your sales productivity initiative.
 Well, we saw, thanks for your question.
 We saw when things started to normalize in the middle of the year before the second wave
 to come through.
 saw really great companies in stores and the omnichannel benefit of stores and digital
 really came together in a positive way.
 For us, in our forward planning that we've provided for the three-year plan, we've actually
 shown. We've actually factored in a very high digital rate into that so that our financials
 remain stable, but we see that the driving to store piece really does come from an omni-channel
 environment.
 number, quite rechallenged to the example,
 famous at the moment. And a trip to the store, whether it be for BOPUS or for a true trip,
 both generate a sense of the story in your community
 as part of your network and part of your needs lifestyle.
 So, we look forward to a more normalised base.
 We think our stores will be ready when that comes through with new visual machinising,
 your assortment, your planning and in 150 doors plus a completely new environment and
 And what we've seen in those in your environment is that when we provide that, the differential
 to our control is very, very strong and that we see sales growth.
 So we are a firm believer in stores, we're investing in stores, and we think that our
 our assortment, our presentation, and our remods will really help us even further that.
 Okay.
 My follow-up question is, in the bridge that you provided,
 throw your gross margin for 2019 to 2021,
 You talk about the positive drivers of sourcing own brands, better promotions and markdowns
 and coupons, upset by some channel shift and Freakbox.
 in that there's no real discussion around reinvestment
 in price or other traffic-driving initiatives,
 and this is going to be at a time where arguably
 I mean, this is debatable that some of the tailwinds
 that the home-related category are gonna fade
 in a reopening environment.
 Yeah, I think the reason why that's not in there
 is that that work has been done.
 And we're already showing that the indices on the KBI for our key categories that we're
 showing great everyday parity to our key comp set.
 a promotion that we're using now are taking hold and actually we're using them more effectively.
 So we're seeing cost savings in the promotion for getting much more effectiveness.
 We believe that these muscles, which we've displayed in the last two quarters, that have
 really...
 really driven great gross margin growth are sustainable
 area inside the mix.
 I think that the promotional expectation of 2021, I feel as I have stated, I think we
 We see great data that shows that the home trend will be sticky.
 This is part of people's lives now and their expectation of creating joy and comfort at
 home and we don't believe that there's going to be an exceptional chase into a promotional
 activity, but our financials and our promotional cadence that we have, and the balance with
 created this year is ready for that in 2021.
 And our last question is from Seth Bassum from Weprich Securities.
 Thanks a lot.
 And good morning.
 The next question is just on your EBITDA guidance for 2021.
 Could you give us some color as to what the impact from the banner sales is specifically
 cost plus and Christmas tree shops in that forecast.
 So the guidance we're providing in 2021 is already on a core banner basis.
 It is, it only includes petar.
 Bye-bye, baby.
 Deckeres and Harman.
 We showed in the bridge what would be the pro forma 2019
 opposed those banners of estates, and that's a starting point of $425 million.
 Okay, that's how we're not going to base it.
 Yes, that's one of the things that we weren't able to do at the invest today and we share
 with many of you after was that we had to include in full a cost plus world market business
 in terms of the EBITDA projection, but we didn't include in the sales projection.
 What you're seeing now with that sale is that thermal range being presented based on
 the true pro-former of 2019, again, still with that responsible attitude for the four-year
 based on some of the early changes and how one can occur, but, you know, it was a second
 that we can provide to be even more definitive on the way to further growth.
 Yeah, and you know this but it's a tighter range on revenue now when you compare net sales
 sales in 2021 versus reported sales in 2020 or 2019, it's not comparable.
 That's why we want to provide the guidance on a comparable basis.
 And we're going to see some of that dynamic in Q4 already, while we've mentioned that
 Q4.
 net sales are going to be down double digits on a reported basis. Between 15% up to 20%
 is simply the impact of the bandididestitures.
 There's a significant transformation going on.
 This is a totally different shape of a P and L.
 next year on concepts, on sales, on stores.
 Understood.
 My follow-up questions related to the mix of online versus in-store sales that you're expecting in 2021.
 Would you expect that mix of in-store sale to increase from 2020?
 It's so, why do you expect so much channel shift?
 headwind is just because of freight rate increases.
 I mean, we do it.
 I mean, there's a natural pivot back to stores that just will be, you know, and again, it's
 It's been such an exceptional year.
 think that the digital penetration will continue to be strong and we've got great
 offsets to that, you know, including when we were sharing that 36% of all our digital
 owners were actually fulfilled by stores in the quarter, it was just incredible agility
 there.
 So we're going to be offsetting some of the costs.
 We see some freight permeating in 2021, but we are factoring in the higher digital penetration
 right.
 Thank you very much.
 And as all time has saved me for questions,
 I will now turn the call back over to Janet Barth for closing remarks.
 Thank you. And thank you all for participating in our call today. Please feel free to contact me or Felix with any additional questions.
 Have a great day, and stay safe.
 Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call.
 Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.