 Good morning and welcome to the first quarter of 2020 General Electric Company Earnings
 conference call. My name is Brandon and I'll be your operator for today. At this time,
 All participants are in a listen-only mode.
 Later, we will conduct the question and answer session
 during which you can tell star one if you have a question.
 please note this conference is being recorded
 and I will not turn it over to Steve Winnaker,
 Vice President of Investor Communications, you may begin, sir.
 Thanks, Brandon.
 And then good morning and welcome to GE's first quarter 2020 earnings call.
 I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Larry Kulp, and CFO, Carolina Dadecappa.
 Before we start, I'd like to remind you that the press release and presentation are available
 on our website.
 Note that some of the statements we're making are forward-looking and are based in our best
 view of the world and our businesses as we see them today as described in our SEC filings
 and on our website, those elements can change if the world changes.
 With that, I'll hand the call over to Larry.
 Steve, thanks.
 Good morning, everyone.
 We hope you and your families are healthy and safe,
 our thoughts are with all of those affected by this global pandemic.
 We recognize this is a very difficult and challenging time for everyone.
 On behalf of GE, I want to express our gratitude to those on the front lines and the medical
 community.
 Many of whom were privileged to call our customers.
 working tirelessly to protect all of us.
 Thank you.
 When we last spoke during our Outlook call in March,
 We were encouraged by the continued strength and aviation
 and healthcare, and the progress made in power and renewables.
 In the eight-week sense, the world
 has fundamentally changed.
 As we all know, the COVID-19 pandemic evolved rapidly, hitting hard and hitting fast.
 While this is an earnings call, our goal today is to provide you with the most current and
 relevant information we have, and as always, to be as open and transparent as we possibly
 can. So forgive us if we run a little long today. The COVID-19 dynamics at GE, like the
 economy at large or fluid and still evolving, but clearly challenging in the near term.
 With that, I'll start with our response to COVID-19.
 Carolina, who is joining our earnings call for the first time, will cover the financials.
 and I'll wrap with a more in-depth view
 of our current operations.
 Moving to slide two, during this unprecedented time,
 We're focused on three areas.
 first, the health and safety of our employees
 in our communities.
 we established a COVID-19 task force
 that is working to ensure we're doing everything
 our ability to protect the health and safety in aligning with the various government directives
 and medical advisories in real time.
 To that end, we've encouraged those employees
 who are not directly performing customer-facing essential jobs to work from home wherever
 But given the mission-critical work we do at GE, not everyone can stay home.
 I'd like to acknowledge our employees out in the field and in our factories for their
 unwavering dedication as they continue to deliver for our customers, supporting essential
 services like hospitals, power generation, airlines, and national defense.
 or ensuring they have what they need
 to do their job safely.
 This includes temperature screenings, face coverings,
 and gloves is necessary.
 and physical distancing.
 all keeping with national, state, and local guidelines.
 I'm also inspired by the support that our employees have shown each other.
 recently established an Employee Relief Fund, and more than 75 senior leaders across GE
 have contributed portions of their salary
 to support those affected by this crisis.
 Our second priority is continuing to serve our customers.
 In health care, we're ramping production of critical medical equipment used to diagnose
 and treat COVID-19 patients.
 including respiratory CT monitoring solutions, x-ray,
 anesthesia, and point of care ultrasound product lines.
 Already our team has doubled production of ventilators and plans to double again by
 by the end of June.
 health care is digital and AI solutions
 or helping hospitals remotely monitor multiple patients.
 at once and automate road tasks.
 so clinicians can spend more of their precious time.
 focused on life-saving work.
 Across all of our businesses, we're in constant communication with employees, customers,
 suppliers, and governments to maintain business continuity without disruption.
 Our third priority is preserving our strength.
 First and foremost, sound liquidity is crucial.
 and solidifying our balance sheet remains a key focus.
 with the recent closing of the biopharma transaction.
 We've received $20 billion of net proceeds.
 This provides GE with optionality to protect our company.
 and remain flexible.
 And importantly, we retained a $17 billion
 leading health care business at the center of an ecosystem
 striving for precision health.
 Preserving our strength in a time like this also requires a different operating model.
 Here I draw on my experience as a CEO managing through 9-11 and the global financial crisis.
 There are three steps in this model.
 reality, redefine winning, and execute the plan.
 Easy to say, hard to do.
 starting with embraced reality.
 This is necessary in a time like this,
 when so much has changed and remains uncertain.
 For us, it means recognizing that we're facing significant headwinds in aviation, and we
 may be for a while.
 We wish it were otherwise, but that's not our reality.
 Next, redefine winning.
 We came into 2020 with a plan that defined winning
 as profitable growth, margin expansion, and cash generation.
 Now we need to adjust to the altered environment
 to focus and inspire our team.
 Let me share some ways we're doing this.
 While safety has always been a top priority for GE, COVID-19 has reshaped our safety agenda.
 in terms of our financial priorities
 improving our cash generation and decremental margins
 in the second half are key focus areas.
 and in health care, we clearly didn't come
 to the year expecting to increase our ventilator production fourfold, but we will.
 And finally, execute the plan.
 We're moving the speed, discipline, and intensity
 to improve our cost structure.
 targeting more than $2 billion of cost actions
 more than $3 billion of cash actions.
 and this is where lean is particularly relevant.
 from daily management to traditional Kanban systems,
 which help reset inventory levels to do problem-solving tools
 we're rolling out across GE.
 Let me share a recent example from gas power.
 You know, I'm going to show you a little bit of what I'm going to show you in this video.
 The team used lean to cut the distance that a single part travels during production from
 3 miles.
 Yes.
 miles to a mere 165 feet, flashing the time it took to make that part by 42%.
 These are the sort of operational efficiencies
 that are more essential than ever in this environment.
 So that's our approach here.
 we're facing the pandemic.
 head-on while continuing to execute our long-term strategy
 for GE.
 Moving to slide three, you'll find a snapshot of our first quarter results and Carolina
 We'll take you through this in detail.
 but first a few top line thoughts.
 As I noted, we entered the year with momentum.
 However, as COVID-19 continued to spread globally.
 And I'm not gonna sugarcoat this.
 we got hit hard in some of our highest margin parts
 of our best-performing businesses.
 This is especially true at aviation services,
 where COVID-19 cost a rapid decline
 in commercial aviation demand and even essential travel became difficult in the second half
 of March.
 A similar situation also transpired at Power Services,
 where travel restrictions caused by COVID-19
 impacted our field personnel.
 And across all of our businesses,
 we started to see some project fulfillment
 and execution issues.
 At the same time, health care performed well due to urgent demand for our products used
 in the fight against COVID-19.
 Taking a step back, about 80% of our roughly $400 billion backlog is in services, which
 happens to be in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S.
 a long time horizon. And while services have been hurt in the near term, those
 Those capabilities remain one of our greatest strengths.
 They keep us close to our customers with deep strategic relationships, especially through
 periods of volatility.
 So in the spirit of embracing reality, let me frame for you what we are seeing right
 now at a high level.
 and then I'll do a deeper dive after Carolina
 reviews the first quarter.
 in aviation and at G-CASP,
 Airlines are conserving cash, not flying the planes they have, limiting maintenance
 spare.
 where they can and all the while deferring orders in many places.
 No one can predict when and how leisure and business travel will resume, but the reality
 is likely, it's not soon.
 So we're redefining winning from margin expansion in 2020 to improving our decriminal margins
 this year.
 which requires we aggressively adjust our cost structure.
 That's what winning looks like for aviation,
 and they're moving forward with a comprehensive plan
 To be clear, we'll get back to targeting those 20% operating
 margins post-pandemic. In health care we've been on the front lines to batting
 COVID-19 since the early days in Wuhan.
 This is fundamental to our mission.
 while we've seen demand surge for certain products.
 other products, including those in our high-margin pharmaceutical
 diagnostics business have been negatively impacted as multiple procedures are deferred.
 is likely to rebound faster than aviation, but we're still fast-tracking additional
 cost-out actions targeting an incremental $700 million since Karen and the team spoke
 I hope with you in December.
 power and renewable energy.
 the impact of COVID-19 has been more limited to date.
 specifically at power, we're experiencing outage delays
 and restrictions and field service travel.
 and we're monitoring new unit orders and services.
 To offset this, we're further right-sizing the cost structure and in power, we already
 reduced headcount.
 700 in the first quarter.
 Now, clearly across GE, there are a number of large variables that are unknown at this
 point, including the full duration, magnitude, and pace of recovery across our end markets
 operations and supply chains.
 We're also monitoring how the resulting interest rate
 environment will impact pension obligations and our runoff insurance business.
 So let me tell you what we do know.
 The second quarter will be the first full quarter with pressure from COVID-19, and we expect
 that our financial results will decline sequentially
 before they improve later this year.
 The bottom line is we have some challenging times ahead, but this too shall pass.
 i'm confident
 the underlying reset we took over the last 18 months
 the focus to eSport Bolio.
 and instill a greater focus on customers and lead.
 give us a running start for what we face today.
 Moreover, I've seen our response to COVID-19 signs of how we're moving faster to change
 for the good.
 More green work to help reduce inventories in the face of demand challenges in aviation.
 restriction spurring on the use of remote digital technology to complete field work
 and renewables, and more capital discipline across the board.
 new leaders assimilating faster and with real impact.
 Healthcare comes to mind.
 So all of this in combination with the planned actions we'll discuss later are accelerating
 our transformation of GE.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Carolina, but before I do, let me say how pleased I
 am to have her on board.
 In two short months, it's clear we share the same perspectives of embracing reality
 an operational bias reaction in executing with speed.
 Thank you, Larry. I am proud to join my first-own call at CFO of GE
 and help lead this company forward.
 As you noted, we're operating in unprecedented times.
 I'll be focused on.
 keeping our financial position strong and safe with a keen eye on leverage and liquidity
 as well as cash flow and capital discipline.
 Well, these actions over the last couple of years have put us on stronger footing ahead
 of this situation, we will do more.
 Second, working with our businesses to take the right action.
 not only to help mitigate the impact of COVID-19 but to serve customers better, operate smarter
 and more efficiently, and integrate lean more holistically.
 By Larry and I are focused on the near term, we're also managing for the long term.
 We're working together to reduce complexity at GE to build a new culture that delivers
 sustainable earning and cash flow generation.
 Today, my intention is to take you through our results in detail and provide context
 that help you see what I see across the businesses.
 With that, let's turn to slide four.
 This was a challenging quarter for us as the macro environment rapidly deteriorated, taking
 it from the top. First quarter orders were down 3% organically or down 4% ex-biopharma.
 Both in power and healthcare was offset by double-digit declines in aviation and renewables.
 Both equipment and service orders were down low single digits.
 I'll cover this by business shortly.
 industrial revenues were down 5% organically, were down 6x biopharma, with equipment revenue
 flat and services down 9 percent.
 Because aviation and power services were adversely impacted in the quarter due to COVID-19.
 industrial profit margins were down 450 basis points organically most of the
 The resolution came from aviation and renewables, with the aviation impact mostly driven by
 COVID-19.
 Now let's discuss the EPS ward.
 starting at continuing EPS of 72 cents.
 It was a 75 cent gain primarily related to the 11.5 billion archetypes gain from the
 biopharmacide, which also included one cent of tax benefit in geotapidone.
 This was partially effected by a 4.6 billion off the tax loss on our remaining Baker-Huge
 Thanks.
 which we measure at fair value H-quadron.
 In restructuring and other items, we incurred two cents of charges.
 This is principally related to the reduction of aviation's U.S. workforce.
 Lastly, non-operating pension and other benefit plans were a six-cent headwind in the quarter.
 including this item.
 Adjusted EPS was $0.05.
 As described earlier, our earnings performance
 was materially impacted by COVID-19 and other market
 dynamics.
 This was primarily in aviation and G-capital, with negative marks and impairments in both
 and insurance as well as higher credit costs.
 We estimate the first quarter industrial operating profit impact from COVID-19,
 roughly 700 million.
 Drivers included lower aftermarket sales, project delays, and supply chain constraints.
 This impact is higher than the anticipated at the March outlook home, reflecting the
 rapid global progression of the pandemic. But our prior forecast largely reflected the
 slowdown in China.
 our focus on addressing this pandemic is global.
 targeting more than $2 billion of cost out this year.
 While this may not affect the full impact, we're rapidly addressing both cost and cash
 and making our businesses more agile
 and customer focused over time.
 I can tell you from my experience that at this program's
 build momentum and the company leaders begin to see how powerful results can be, they tend
 to extend beyond their stated goals.
 So just what I have seen so far, I'm encouraged that we can have some of that same experience
 Thank you.
 Moving to cash.
 As many of you know, the first quarter is typically low for our free cash flow.
 This year, we're impacted by our usual seasonality, but also COVID-19, especially in aviation.
 free cash flow was the use of 2.2 billion, one billion worse than prior year, but notably
 Excluding aviation, each industrial business improved free cash flow versus lost debt.
 turning to the key drivers in the quarter.
 Starting with net earnings, if you exclude the biopharm again, and the market on our
 of baking shoes investment.
 income, depreciation, and unmotivation.
 total 700 million.
 that's down 900 million versus prior year.
 Next, working capital, negative 2.6 billion, with a significant use of cash, down 1.1 billion.
 Let me take it through the main factors.
 First, we have the net inflow in account receivable driven by a seasonally lower volume in gas
 Power and Renewables.
 second.
 We have an
 outflow in account tables, driven by a lower volume in aviation and higher disbursements
 related to prior year material bias in renewables.
 Third, the increase inventory to support an expected second and third quarter volume ramp
 in onshore wind and shop output declined in a vision.
 for progress collection.
 They were a use of cash as new orders and milestone payments were more than a fit by
 a burn down of prior progress payments in parallel renewables.
 Lastly, we also spent about 600 million in gross capex.
 We don't track now to reduce 25% of our cap expense this year.
 For cash flow in total, we estimate the first quarter impact from COVID-19 of around one
 building, the majority of which were felt in aviation.
 As we look forward, we expect continued free cash flow pressure.
 We're targeting more than $3 billion in cash action.
 However, over time we know that each business can be a better cash generator as we improve
 execution.
 Moving to slide six.
 We continue to strengthen our balance sheet.
 The largest milestone in the quarter was closing by a pharma, with 20 billion of percent.
 We ended the quarter with $33.8 billion of industrial cash up approximately $16 billion
 sequentially.
 TA capital ended with $13.5 billion of cash, down approximately $5.3 billion sequentially,
 driven by contractual maturity.
 We continue to hold a liquidity balance covering 12 months of G-DEPT majorities.
 We've recently taken actions to enhance and extend our liquidity and pay-down debt.
 On April 17, GE entered into a three-year, $15 billion syndicated revolving credit facility.
 This was a planned refinancing of GS prior 20 billion syndicated revolver credit facilities,
 According to bilateral agreements, we expect to have in the range of 20 billion in total
 and credit lines accept going forward.
 Following the sale of biopharma, we also improved our liquidity profile in April.
 We reduced our near-term death maturity by issuing $6 billion in GEDE in April, and subsequently
 It can ring for 4.2 billion of debt.
 We plan to use the remaining 1.8 billion opposites to further debt reduction and the
 the combination of transactions will therefore be leveraged neutral.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 The industrial has noted maturity in 2021, 1.9 billion of maturity in 2022 and 900 million in 2023.
 At the industrial, we reduced debt by approximately 7 billion.
 We reduced commercial paper used by 1.1 billion in the quarter and we paid 6 billion of the
 intercompany loan from GE to GE capital in April, using proceeds from biopharma.
 At the capital, we reduce that by 4 billion.
 So we reduced external debt by 10 billion here today, including 4.7 billion of maturities
 in the quarter and an additional 5.4 billion of 2020 maturity tended in April, upset by
 is 60.
 where we put in response to the intercontinental loan.
 Our financial policy goals remain.
 Maintaining a high cash balance.
 achieving less than 2.5 times net debt to IBDA at the industrial and less than four times
 step to equity at G-capital, accrediting in the single A range, and reinstating a dividend
 in line with peers over time.
 We remain committed to achieving our leverage targets, but we now expect to achieve those
 targets over a longer period than previously enough due to the impact of COVID-19.
 Next, on slide seven, we'll discuss industrial segment results.
 with aviation.
 As we've noted, our first quarter results were materially impacted.
 orders were done 30 percent organically with both equipment and service orders down.
 Equipment orders were...
 down 27 percent, primarily driven by commercial engines business due to the max grounding
 the COVID impact.
 Services orders were down 4 percent, primarily driven by commercial services, partially affected
 by military, which one you fighter and helicopter service orders from the U.S. DOD.
 orders were stronger than revenues due to the military orders, which were up 60 percent
 Thank you all very much for your time.
 backlog of $273 billion was flat sequentially and up 22% versus prior years, primarily driven
 by long-term service agreement.
 This included roughly 200 litre 1B unit order translations in the quarter.
 Revenue will sound 11 percent organically.
 Good revenue will bounce permanently in percent.
 We ship 472 commercial install and spare engine units this quarter, bound 37 versus prior year.
 Sales of 272, deep 1A and 1B units were down 152 and CFM 56 units were down 98 units.
 revenue was down 8% due to commercial services down a limit of 10.
 This was driven by lower spare parts shipments and lower shop visits from the impact of COVID-19.
 But the military revenue was down 7%, with 146 engine units shipments down 9%.
 And this was driven by supply chain fulfillment dynamics, and inbound material is partly
 set by the advanced programs growth. Operating profit was done 39% organically, primarily
 on lower volume and negative mixed pressure in commercial services from the impact of
 COVID-19 and lower spare engine units.
 Segment margin contracted 650 basis points organically.
 This was primarily due to COVID-19 impacting our commercial businesses in both engines
 and services, the continued 737 MAX grounding, the non-repeat of prior year favorable contract
 adjustments and the first full quarter of revenues on our
 aerodrivetive business now that we have decon-solidated Baker-Fuze.
 To add a bit more color, COVID-19 represents just over half of the year-over-year margin
 difference.
 737 max timing, considering install and sparing engine volume, and supply chain excess costs,
 represent additional 20% of the blind.
 Moving to healthcare, which performs well.
 Moders are up, 9% organically.
 Equipment orders for up 14% and services for up one.
 Shelf care orders, excluding by a pharma, were up to 6%.
 driven by a surge demand related to COVID-19.
 This was partially affected by delays in procurement and lower demand of products less related
 to COVID-19, examples like MR and intervention
 in health care systems as well as contrast media and nuclear tracers in pharmaceutical
 And by diagnosis, life sciences orders were up 10 percent.
 backlog was $17.4 billion, down 6% sequentially, and down 3% versus prior year, due to the sale
 So excluding biopharma, backyard was up 1% sequentially and 4% versus prior year.
 Revenue was up 2% organically and 1% extruding biopharma.
 systems revenue was up 2% with services and 3% with equipment flat.
 sciences was up 4%. Operating profit was up 10% organically. Segment margin expanded 140
 basis points organically or 30 basis points excluding biopharma and this was driven by
 volume and cost productivity, offset by price and logistics pressures from COVID-19.
 Next, on power, we had mixed results with equipment, top-line strengths offered by challenges
 and services.
 Others were up to 14% organically.
 Gas power orders were up 8 percent, with equipment orders up 37 percent, largely due to one turn
 Okay, one day.
 We book 2.2 gigawatt of orders for nine gas turbines.
 Gas power service orders were down 3% with contractual services down and transaction
 and upgrades roughly that.
 Powered portfolio orders up 27% with strong equipment and services orders in STEM and
 Power Conversion.
 Thank you.
 at 85 billion, flat sequentially, and down 1% versus prior year.
 The aspect of 71 billion of that sequentially.
 The revenue was down 12 percent organically, largely driven by services.
 In gas power, revenue was down 12%.
 gas power equipment revenue was up 4% organically on higher H-Turbine mix.
 We shipped nine gas turbines.
 We shipped seven gas turbines versus nine gas turbines in the first quarter of 19.
 We help our customers achieve commercial operations on over 32 units.
 for almost 4.7 gigawatts of new power added to the grid.
 That power services revenue was down 19% of the energy.
 As outages this and transactional states pushed out of the quarter due to COVID-19 and we
 have no revenue on higher margin upgrades.
 Despite this, services would still have been down in the quarter.
 This was driven by supply-based constraints
 on hot gas, part parts, and outage costs
 without pressuring our CSA margin rate.
 Power Portfolio Revenue was down 12%.
 was driven by lower volumes across the sub-segment.
 And still, we had lower services, back low convertibility, in nuclear, the decline was
 driven by outage timing and in power conversion we will find our sales parameter focused on
 and higher margin market segments.
 Operating profit was down 239 million.
 segment margin contracted 570 basis points organically.
 while gas power fixed costs were down 9% sequentially
 16 versus prior year, this was more than a set by lower service volume and additional costs from
 from COVID-19 disruption.
 Next, on renewables.
 Continue revenue growth was more than upset by fulfillment and execution issues impacting
 profitability.
 Others were down 11% organically.
 Equipment were down 11, as we cycle a stronger USPTC, and services were down 23%.
 The positive spot in the quarter was international orders, which were up 11 percent.
 backlog of 26.5 billion out of 4% sequentially, but up 5% versus prior year.
 was up 28% organically. This was mainly driven by onshore wind, up 60%. Onshore equipment
 Onshore Equipment Revenue was up 81% with the new unit turbine delivery of 731, more than
 double prior year and repower kit delivers of 219 up 40 percent.
 Onshore services revenue, excluding the power kits, was up 15 percent.
 order pricing index continues to stabilize at 1% in line with using trams.
 The revenue was down 8% mostly due to site closures and delayed milestones driven by COVID-19.
 loss for down 115 million.
 This was driven by the supply chain disruptions due to COVID-19, fulfillment delays, and
 the non-recurrence of a non-cash gain from an offshore wind contract termination in the
 prior year.
 This was partially affected by higher onshore wind volume.
 with margin contracted 210 basis points,
 mainly driven by the term items mentioned above.
 and the range of execution issues we're fixing at grid and hydro.
 Moving to slide 8, starting with the Acapitan.
 In the quarter, adjusted continue operations generated a net loss of 180 million.
 This excludes the impact of the capital loss tax benefit utilized against biopharm again
 resulting in 88 million earnings.
 Compared to prior year, which excludes the U.S. tax reform benefit, continuing net earnings
 was unfavorable by 154 million.
 This was due to negative marks and impairments at GKEF and insurance.
 lower gain and lower earnings from the smaller acid base.
 This was partially upset by lower-excess interest costs and SG&A.
 the end of the quarter with 101 billion of assets excluding liquidity.
 This was done one billion sequentially, primary driven by GCAS, due to asset sale, depreciation
 in the collection.
 Partially set by new volume.
 insurance assets were flat sequentially as a decrease in unrealized gains driven primarily
 by higher market rates was also set by the annual issuance of capital contribution.
 China's assets were down, as our suppliers continued to migrate to MUFG.
 That's not it earlier.
 capital ended the quarter with 13.5 billion of liquidity.
 It also ended with $54.5 billion of debt, which was down $4.5 billion sequentially, driven
 by deaf maturity.
 This continued operation generated a net loss of 164 million, which was unfavorable versus
 prior yet by $200 million.
 We still plan to provide the required support to GE Capital in line with insurance tax door funding.
 Next, just like our businesses, corporate needs to adjust to our new reality and we are continuing
 to take additional structural actions to rationalize costs and reduce the size of corporates.
 Looking at the quarter, adjusted corporate costs were 374 million, 8% higher, but that's
 primarily due to higher inter-company profit
 elimination, which will partially offset by better digital performance from continued
 cost reduction action.
 functions and operations with 25% lowest, primarily driven by GE Digital's improvement.
 You can see from digital performance that the focus cost reduction programs are gaining
 correction.
 We continue to right-side our functional costs across GUI and push more accountability
 into the division.
 Larry and I are conducting cost and cash reviews of each of the businesses with fresh eyes
 in the current environment.
 So you can expect that there will be more to come.
 Stay tuned.
 I have spent most of my career in leadership at Lynn Decentralized Companies.
 Fundamentally, I believe...
 companies outperform when they have a structure that empowers businesses to take the right
 actions quickly.
 This type of structure is critical to respond to situations like we have today with COVID-19,
 but also to be prepared to pivot to growth.
 We're working toward this goal, and there will be more to come.
 With that, back to you Larry.
 Thank you.
 I'm here early to thank you.
 question that COVID-19 is putting real pressure on our businesses. Given that so much is
 changed and this quarter will be our first full quarter with pressure from
 COVID-19. I'd like to spend some time here discussing second quarter trending based on
 what we're seeing through the month of April.
 So, starting with aviation on slide nine.
 of all of our industrial segments.
 this business is feeling the impact
 of the pandemic most severely.
 The rapid contraction of air travel
 has resulted in a significant reduction in demand
 as commercial airlines suspend routes
 and ground large percentages of their fleets.
 We'll cover commercial services and engines on the next two slides in detail, but on the
 On the other end of the spectrum, demand for our military business remains strong.
 To that end, we rebalanced some of our capacity to meet this increased demand.
 If offset some pressure in the commercial business,
 We're taking several steps that, while painful,
 preserve our ability to adapt
 as the environment continues to evolve.
 we've previously announced $500 to $1 billion in costs
 and cash actions.
 And we've now increased this,
 targeting more than one billion in cost actions
 and more than two billion in cash actions.
 This will be achieved through different initiatives.
 some of which have been completed.
 others in flight as we speak.
 These include a 10% reduction in aviation's
 total U.S. workforce and furloughs impacting 50 percent of its U.S. maintenance repair and
 overhaul facilities and new engine manufacturers will continue to monitor and potentially extend
 as required.
 We're also focused on reducing the discretionary and CAP-X spend and optimizing working capital.
 I know aviation's decremental margin through this pandemic is top of mind for investors,
 And Carolina touched on the main dynamics impacting our margins in the quarter.
 we expect our commercial revenues and profits
 will continue to be down in the second quarter,
 Our expectations are that the cost actions
 we're undertaking will improve decromental margins
 in the back half of the year.
 while there are many uncertainties.
 I expect that we will exit the year
 with a much lower decremental margin
 than what you saw in the first quarter.
 So make no mistake, driving improvement here
 is our number one focus.
 As we think about the full year, we're tracking travel restrictions, carrier and passenger
 behavior, disease countermeasures, and freight demand, all of which will impact aircraft
 departures and revenue passenger kilometers.
 While we're seeing an unprecedented decline in 2020,
 We're taking action, and David and the team are working
 proactively with our customers to navigate through this crisis.
 Thank you for your time.
 So spending a little more time on commercial services, which represented $3.3 billion of
 revenue in the first quarter, let's go to slide 10.
 as you can see on the left side,
 to partures across the full industry
 was strong in the first quarter before rapidly declining
 in mid-March.
 as we look at it this week,
 focused on the GE and CFM fleet.
 global departures are down approximately 75%.
 probably 60% of the CFM fleet is parked today.
 In line with this, we're also seeing significant headwinds and global shop visits, which were
 or download double digits in the first quarter.
 as airlines defer short-term maintenance,
 and we expect this trend gets worse before it gets better.
 with some potential to moderate in the latter half
 the year depending on the variables just outlined. Based on what we're seeing through the month
 of April in the second quarter were seeing shop visits down roughly 60% and CSA Billings
 down roughly 50%.
 that.
 Additionally, we expect the significant reduction in utilization is likely to continue to pressure
 are CSA margins.
 That said, when the aviation industry recovers, and it will recover over time, she is one
 well-positioned with the largest and youngest install base of all engine manufacturers.
 Additionally, roughly 62% of our GECF employee has seen one-shot visit or the last, and this
 will generate demand upon recovery.
 We have more narrowbodies that are 10 years or younger than the narrowbody install base
 of the rest of the industry.
 And when we see a pickup and air travel demand,
 and we expect narrowbodies will recover most quickly.
 Overall, it was a challenging quarter, and we're expecting additional pressure here
 in the second, but our cost actions will alleviate some of the pressure in the second half of
 2020.
 Moving to commercial engines, which represented $1.5 billion
 dollars of revenue in the first quarter.
 In light of COVID-19, airframers are producing at a lower rate, based on what we're seeing
 through the month of April.
 In the second quarter, we see installed engines
 down roughly 45% and spare engines down roughly 60% year on year.
 attributable to the delivery deferrals
 in addition to the already planned lower production rate
 on the 737 maps.
 In the near term, we're right-sizing production capacity
 and actively managing the supply base.
 We have very strong relationships with the air framers, and an attractive value proposition is evidenced by a multi-year backlog.
 As you'll see on the right, we have strong positions, sole source on two of the biggest
 new engine entrance, and a 65% win rate on the other.
 While we acknowledge there's pressure on near-term demand
 for new aircraft, these stats demonstrate the customer
 see the value of GE technology.
 we're taking the right actions to be well-positioned
 the post-pandemic world.
 Moving to health care, which consists of health care systems and PDX.
 In the second quarter to date, we're seeing increased demand for vital medical equipment
 and the diagnosis and treatment of COVID-19
 within healthcare systems.
 Now these product orders, including ventilators,
 have increased one and a half to two times,
 versus pre-pandemic levels.
 But at the same time, we're seeing reduced demand for other diagnostic products as certain
 procedures are deferred or canceled around the world.
 To be clear, these other diagnostics
 are still essential and often associated
 with saving lives in areas including oncology
 in cardiology, but are currently deprioritized.
 PDX is a similar story.
 This is a high margin business made up of contrast agents
 of nuclear tracers associated with procedures
 that are being deferred or canceled right now.
 several HCS product lines, and most of PDX is down,
 is much as 50% versus pre-pandemic levels.
 While these dynamics vary by country, there appears to be a pattern emerging as geographies
 experience different stages of the virus.
 Making China, for example, as hospitals come back online, we're seeing a ramp in previously
 deferred procedures and increased demand for our equipment and consumables.
 Health care is accelerating its planned transformation to expand margins post-biopharma by reducing
 headcount.
 cost, discretionary spend, and marketing spend, prioritizing R&D, deferring CapEx, and optimizing
 Thank you.
 Looking forward, we're most focused on the following indicators for health care.
 mission and occupancy rates and increase in non-COVID-19 procedures, changes in hospital
 cap.
 That's budgets.
 spending on health care broadly and development of COVID-19 test treatments and vaccines.
 based on our experience in China and the market in April.
 we expect to be down in the second quarter
 with potential recovery afterwards.
 COVID-19 has highlighted the need to build and truly invest and scale a new digitized
 infrastructure and quickly.
 We're committed to our investment in our digital Edison platform and solutions like
 of your old virtual care solution.
 allows one clinician to remotely view numerous ventilated patients simultaneously, helping
 to expand their capacity while reducing their risk of exposure.
 Thank you.
 As our D-
 digital health care journey continues.
 We're at the center of an ecosystem striving for precision health.
 I'm very proud of the work.
 our team is doing to combat COVID-19.
 Moving to power on slide 13.
 We'll talk to the current trending in the second quarter to date in dynamics at gas
 gas power and power portfolio. Starting with gas power equipment while monitoring and managing
 supply chain disruptions.
 As of today, we still see a path to 45 to 50 gas turbine deliveries this year, but our
 order's profile and therefore cash down payments worth several hundred million
 dollars are likely weaker due to IPP pressures in the U.S. and Mexico is
 we expect that deal financing will become harder through the year.
 year.
 Additionally, with oil price pressure impacting Middle East and SSA investment, including
 demand for new LNG, we are expecting a longer road to normalization.
 Ultimately, we're sticking to our strategy
 of securing a lower risk margin of creative backlog
 with disciplined execution.
 In services, approximately 20% of planned averages are shifting from the first half of this year due to COVID-19 field labor constraints.
 We're also seeing pressure on upgrades, primarily in the Middle East, where low oil prices
 are impacting customer budgets.
 We are seeing GE gas turbine utilization in the U.S. up mid-single digits due to low gas
 crisis in the ship from coal.
 The utilization globally is down.
 low double digits due to lower electricity demand.
 Within Power Portfolio, our steam business is most impacted.
 factory closures pressured our steam operations,
 including one facility in Wuhan, which
 was closed for approximately eight weeks in the first quarter.
 Today, we're back up to more than 70% of capacity.
 The global supply chain has also been disrupted
 by the shutdown in India, driven by government restrictions.
 Overall, we're seeing about 30% of outages shift from the first half of this year to
 the second half with another 10 to 15% pushing into next year.
 Our power businesses are taking several measures to offset
 these pressures.
 First quarter, we reduced headcount by 700.
 notified approximately 1,300 contractors.
 implemented a hiring freeze, and in line with the demand profile,
 you're taking even further actions.
 This will serve to reduce fixed costs in 2020
 and drive benefits in 2021.
 Looking forward, we're tracking a number of items, including timing of our gas turbine
 new order closure, service outages and volume,
 Utilization is the energy mix and fuel prices are impacting each region differently, supplier
 impacts, and project execution, billing milestones, and customer
 collections.
 We're targeting to have our Accelerated Cost Out Measures Drive Organic Margin Expansion
 despite these demand changes.
 Moving to slide 14 on renewables.
 there was a limited impact of COVID-19 in the first quarter.
 and our disappointing results continue
 to be largely about improving execution.
 As we've said, we think about renewables
 and three distinct operating.
 pools, starting with onshore wind while we continue to deliver at record levels in the
 America's. We are seeing supply chain disruption at our LM wind facilities and we're monitoring
 key commercial milestones, such as permitting and financing, which could potentially cost
 timing delays.
 in offshore wind, certification for our industry leading
 turbine, the Holyot X, remains on track.
 We're also on plan to start delivering
 on our 80-unit 6 megawatt commitments to EDF.
 After completion of this project in 2021,
 we expect to start shifting production to the Holiodex.
 We're also monitoring financial closure of 2020 deals.
 Grid and Hydro, our two turnarounds, are impacted by supply chain disruptions, with over half
 of our grid facilities now operating below full capacity.
 and a grid automation.
 were also impacted by lower book-to-bill order conversion.
 across all three of these pools
 we're increasing cost out and restructuring.
 and we've identified several hundred million dollars
 of additional actions.
 longer term, a lower cost structure will benefit renewables.
 Relating to the global supply chain,
 We're focused on the safe reopening of our plants globally,
 and then optimizing the workforce and plant load levels.
 Looking forward, we're expecting a larger impact from COVID-19 in the second quarter.
 And by business, we're tracking 20 and 21 demand impact on progress collections and
 and potential site that lays in onshore wind.
 the risk of financing delays associated with deals
 offshore project site delays at Grid and Hydro and the backwalk at Grid.
 It's like 15 with MGE capital or GCafts and insurance businesses are where we are feeling
 and the largest impacts.
 So I'll keep my comments focused there.
 first.
 Any cast is better positioned today than in previous downturns, with better asset quality
 less customer concentration and more geographic diversity.
 That said, we're preparing for elevated repossessions and redeployments, as well as
 lease restructurings, and we've had approximately 80% of our customers seek the short term
 defaults.
 As you may have seen in this video, there is a link in the description below.
 Thank you very much for watching.
 we've agreed with Boeing on a rebalancing of our 737 match order book.
 Second, add insurance.
 Marketing...
 rate volatility is impacting the current value of our investment portfolio and reinvestment
 yields.
 Therefore, we're deploying capital to capture market dislocation investment opportunities.
 We're closely monitoring how this volatility will impact insurance this year.
 And similar to the industrial segments, we're implementing incremental cost and cash actions.
 We'll be forwarded.
 to expect higher impairments and lower asset sales of GCAS and insurance.
 our season teams are working closely with our customers
 to navigate through this period.
 So to close, our priorities are clear.
 We rapidly mobilized our team in the face of COVID-19
 with our top priority being the health and safety
 of our employees.
 And overall, the priorities we reviewed with you
 with the Outlook call remain intact.
 We're facing into our near term realities while continuing to manage GE for the long
 term. When the world is facing the worst pandemic in a century, our team is rising to the challenge
 with humility, transparency, and focus.
 we continue to deliver value for our customers,
 enabling air carriers to transport essential goods,
 supplying vital health care equipment
 and keeping the lights on.
 And while there are many unknowns, there will be another side.
 claims will fly again.
 care.
 normalize and modernize, and the world still needs more efficient, resilient energy.
 At the same time, we're embracing this new reality.
 we're redefining winning and we're executing our plan.
 The costs and cash and actions we've taken you through this morning are a major result.
 These moves will ultimately allow us to accelerate our multi-year transformation to make GE a stronger,
 a more valuable company, and I am confident that GE will emerge stronger.
 With that, Steve, let's go to questions.
 Great. Before we open the line, I'd ask everyone in the queue to consider your fellow analysts
 again and ask one question and a follow-up so we can get to as many people as possible.
 Brandon, can you please open the line?
 Thank you, sir.
 We'll now begin the question and answer session.
 If you have a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you'd like to be removed from the queue, please press the pound sign or the hash key.
 If you're on a speakerphone, please pick up your handset first before dialing.
 Once again, if you have a question, please press star 1
 under telephone keypad.
 And from vertical research, we have Jeff Sprague.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, good morning everyone,
 I hope everyone is well.
 Thanks for all the great details.
 Good morning, Jeff.
 Good morning.
 I was hoping you could provide a little bit of color on how you, you know, kind of view
 the asset quality of the contractual service agreements and the like, there's a lot of
 there, obviously there's at least a temporary impairment of cash flows.
 How does that test work?
 Have you done it yet?
 and are you close to any particular thresholds
 that we should be thinking about.
 Jeff, I think if we look at the service backlog,
 backlog, broadly just under $325 billion for the company, the vast majority of that $234
 billion is in aviation.
 I suspect that's where you're most focused.
 We go through those backlog reviews and the CSA reviews
 use on a regular basis.
 What we've done here is we've done a lot of things that we've done in the past.
 here over the last, we call it the last seven, eight weeks, is really tighten and quicken
 in the review process that we do with the businesses,
 both at aviation and at G-CAS.
 What we're trying to do is make sure we've got the latest
 and if you will, most accurate information possible
 possible with respect to customer risk given everything that's going on.
 So we do that on a regular basis.
 We did that at the end of the first quarter in closing,
 much as we do every quarter.
 clearly we've got a fluid situation.
 And I think the modest charges that we took,
 the modest changes in the first quarter
 clearly are going to play out as we go through the course of the year.
 We can't really scope that for you today.
 If you look at the CSA book in aviation, for example,
 as we went through the mechanics of the future billings,
 the future billings, the future costs related to those billings, based on the information
 at the time.
 just $100 million adjustment, non-cash of course, which is why you see a little bit
 of the earnings, cash, dynamic.
 Certainly, as we go forward, we're going to be updating those adjustments, and again,
 I think we would expect that we would see more of that given what the airlines are doing
 with their planes.
 But I think it's important to keep in mind, again, these are 10 to 15 year agreements
 As you know, and those adjustments are taken in the context of that particularly extended
 time period.
 Great.
 Thanks for that.
 as a follow-up if I could.
 I know you don't want to get real precise on guidance,
 but you are pointing us to a further decline
 and cashflow in Q2, which isn't surprising quite frankly.
 but uh...
 Could you bracket that at all for us, what we should expect for Q2, and you know, any
 high-level thoughts on how the year plays out from the cash standpoint?
 Yes, Jeff, I think that we took guidance off the table a few weeks back and didn't want
 to take an attempt at framing formal guidance here today
 in light of all of this flu and all of it is still evolving here.
 And I think that the tack we took was really to try to share as much with you as we possibly
 could in terms of the April detail, business by business, and acknowledge that we're going
 see a more challenging second quarter here, given the full impact of COVID and the like.
 But beyond that, I think that's really where we are.
 We know we've got to get to work on the cost and the cash actions.
 That's why you see it's doubling that activity and aviation, stepping it up elsewhere around
 the company.
 So the $2 billion of cost, the $3 billion of cash will clearly help us later on in the
 year is those actions take root.
 But for today, I think that's really what we're,
 That's what we know and that's what we're comfortable sharing.
 All right, thanks.
 Thank you very much.
 from Morgan Stanley.
 We have John Pokers-Witzke.
 Please go ahead.
 Josh, your line is open.
 Josh, you might be on mute.
 there?
 Brandon, let's move on and come back to Josh.
 Okay.
 Sure.
 We have from Bank of America.
 America. We have Andrew Oben. Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 Can you hear me?
 Yep.
 Hi.
 Yeah, just a question.
 I can hear you.
 Thank you so much and good luck to everybody.
 So run rate minus 60% in terms of shop visits, 5% on CSAs.
 Do you think you continue to trend at this level in the second quarter or is there more
 down side.
 Andrew, I think you're referring to page nine and the slide deck.
 Yeah, I think this is what we're seeing here.
 Yeah, I think this is what we're seeing right now, right?
 and given
 uh...
 given what the carriers have said publicly,
 what they're doing,
 We think these are good, likely, near-end run rates
 to share with you.
 Again, we're not trying to offer up a definitive view as to the next several quarters, but
 This is what we're seeing right now
 in the second quarter for sure.
 And my follow-up question on spare engine sales, I think, minus 60%.
 Have we lost these or will these come back when the situation normalizes?
 maybe you can give us some sort of framework how to think about spare engine demand over
 for the next couple of years.
 Thank you so much.
 Andrew, we were ramping spares with both the LEAF 1A
 and the LEAP 1B as the narrowbody market was taking off typical early in the life of an
 engine activity.
 We are clearly seeing that so often, not necessarily going to zero,
 as preparations are being made for the return to service to the max, right?
 Right?
 I don't think that that opportunity is lost,
 But I think, like much of what we're seeing in aviation,
 broadly, it will be pushed out for a few years.
 And again, I don't think we're taking a definitive view
 as to what year, what quarter things get back to,
 if you will, a normalized 2019 level.
 but we recognize the discussions out there
 about this being a multi-year recovery.
 gradual, slow, I think we're embracing that reality
 and that applies really across the portfolio,
 both on the OE side as well as the aftermarket spares included.
 Thank you very much for all the detail and stay safe.
 Thank you.
 From Milius Research, we have Scott Davis. Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning, guys, and welcome, Carolina.
 Thank you.
 Oh, I'm glad.
 Larry, I need you.
 good morning larry any any way to think about the cost actions
 as it relates to kind of structural versus more kind of
 pandemic short-term related.
 Sure. Well, I would say, Scott, as you well know, that when we're in a mode like this,
 or you're moving as quickly as you possibly can, almost anywhere that you can.
 So if you look at what we've announced today,
 aviation, the doubling of those activities today, the broadening across the company.
 If you look at the tally today, there is a decidedly short-term bias there that Carolina
 and I are going to be working with the CEOs
 over the coming weeks to transition
 to a more permanent action, right?
 If you look at what we did in aviation, for example,
 in terms of the temporary lack of works.
 That was a way to quickly adjust our cost structure
 in that business on a variable basis
 to these shockingly fast changes in demand.
 You might categorize that as temporary.
 We need to work through the changes on a more permanent basis
 that are required in light of the length of the recovery
 that we're looking at.
 So we have confidence in these numbers
 we're sharing today, the $2 billion of costs, the $3 billion of cash, there's a bit of a
 a tactical bias today, just given how fresh this is,
 but we will be leaning in toward making
 more than permanent recognition, though at the end of the day, there will be a bit of
 of a mix, be it head count related,
 discretionary spend on the cost side in addition to some of the working capital and certainly
 the CAPEX reduction, the Carolina reference, the 25% reduction year-on-year.
 So a lot going on, and by no means is this, these headlines today,
 lines today, the end.
 it's very much at work and in progress.
 OK.
 that's helpful there.
 When you think that the $20 billion came to you pretty much about perfect timing, but
 But does that money just sit on the ballot?
 Does it have to sit on the balance sheet, pretty much,
 as is for the year.
 or is it just such a big number,
 So you can start to parse some of it out to thinking in terms of whittling down some
 the debt that you can manage.
 Well, it did come at a good time.
 There's no question.
 That's why we put the emphasis in the bio-pharma set up on certainty, right?
 we want to take the market risk off the table
 relative to thinking through the healthcare options.
 Carolina, anything you want to add relative to managing liquidity versus leverage right
 here.
 I think it's...
 Yeah, I think it's important to acknowledge that the world is different now compared to
 before COVID, and it's very important for us, of course,
 leverage is important, but liquidity is very important.
 And we end the quarter with 47 billion cash, right?
 much for you to cover,
 The US in billion of the U.N.G. capital long term death
 So it is now 221.
 And actually, after the April action, we are down to 13 billion of
 for 2021, almost all of that in capital.
 And I would also say, you know, we expect to have around 20 billion in total credit
 line going forward and that's really in line with our risk appetite.
 We have the new 15 billion three-year RCF that I mentioned and five billion pilot will be
 on the $20,000,000 credit line.
 And I think we just said that, you know, we really intend to maintain a high level of
 cash.
 to maximize flexibility.
 And that's why we're taking these actions also
 to do risk or balance sheet, then basically prudently
 manage our liquidity in this very challenging, external environmental time.
 That makes sense.
 Thank you, and good luck to you, guys.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Scott. Be well.
 And let's try Josh Porkers-Winsky again from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Hi, guys.
 Can you hear me this time?
 Yes.
 Lily, Josh, good morning.
 Awesome, and hope everyone is as well that go earlier comments.
 Larry, can you just give us a sense?
 And I know you guys have data going back eons and in aviation.
 how the impact of retirements and cannibalizations
 kind of make more of a U-shape versus what the air traffic may look like.
 Is there a natural lag between when folks start flying again and when shop visits
 This can happen just as a function of kind of using up some of the run time on otherwise
 is Idle Assets.
 Well, Josh, certainly we have revisited the history, the team is well-bursted in what
 we have seen in years past.
 I'm not sure we've seen anything kind of on par with this.
 But there's no question that there's going to be a bias on the part of some as some of
 these fleet reductions play out to retire some of the older aircraft.
 that will factor into the aftermarket, much like some of the dynamics around green time
 and how, here in the short term, folks try to preserve cash,
 carriers to try to preserve cash in their business.
 So I'm not sure that there is necessarily an exact model that captures what all the
 carriers and aggregate are going to do here, a model that offers great precision.
 I think we do know that the combination of these factors
 is going to create a lot of problems.
 create pressure for us here in the short term.
 I think what's most important for our business really is cycles, much more so than revenue
 passenger miles. And as we see schedules come back, as we work our way through the pandemic,
 that will put us back on, I think, better footing,
 but here in the short term, I think we're acknowledging
 that we're going to see shop visits and CFA buildings take on some real pressure due to
 the downturn.
 Understood. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
 From J.P. Morgan, we have Steve Tusa, please go ahead.
 Uh, hey guys, good morning.
 Hey, Steve, good morning.
 In early March, you guys had that slide that showed two to four billion in free cash flow
 guidance, which is obviously off the table, but you also talked about things growing and
 you know twenty one and twenty two and
 you know off that kind of three billion dollar base i think
 you know, most research and numbers I saw were kind of in that, you know, six billion
 dollar range of a free cash flow to kind of growth off of that level
 Are we still, like, are the out-of-your-numbers still at all legit, or is that, you know,
 our...
 Are you kind of withdrawing that long-term outlook as well?
 Steve, I think we have admittedly been focused on taking the right actions, both the call
 cost, the cash, the balance sheet actions here in the short term in the face of this
 this unprecedented pandemic.
 We've taken guidance off for the year.
 We're not putting it back on today.
 just given the undue uncertainty of it all, right?
 So I don't think we're trying to get out any further than that.
 I appreciate the question, but I think for purposes of today, we're really just trying
 to...
 frame for folks what we're seeing, but that said, however long it takes us to work through
 this, I think we feel very good about our ability to come out stronger and get back
 on a positive cash flow growth trajectory.
 Got got it. Carolina anything you would add to that
 Well, no, I think it's important to acknowledge that by taking out costs now, and part of
 with being structural, that gives that sort of,
 as well as mitigating the decrement of that helps improving the increment of the outer
 years I mean that will depend on the recovery on the industries as well so that's that's
 I would say it's impossible to speak to today.
 Right.
 And I guess, how much on that structural raw side?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, go ahead.
 Yeah, no, I'm just just one one other point. I think worth mentioning and I think what we're acknowledging here is that assistance played out in March and
 and what we're seeing already in April, right?
 And it really is hitting us from a mixed perspective, hard.
 our highest margin businesses are really feeling it here.
 I would think that on the recovery,
 we would see it swing the other way.
 when we get back and come off a bottom,
 we should have a positive mix effect
 really across the board, particularly in aviation and healthcare.
 care.
 Your second question, Steve, is relative to the cost actions and how much you're permanent,
 How much?
 Not permanent?
 Yeah, I know. I guess how much is that going to cost you? I mean like you know to come up with two to three billion dollars of
 of cost and cash, you know, you've done, you cut your restructuring last year pretty
 significantly and needed a couple hundred million in the first quarter, I mean most
 companies kind of one-for-one, how much is this stuff going to cost you this year on
 on the cash basis.
 Yeah, I think what we have said previously is we were going to be down off of last year
 from an expense and from a cash perspective.
 perspective. I think we're probably going to end up more or less in line. Keep in mind
 that some of the cross-actions like furloughs don't carry a restructuring charge with that,
 right?
 because they aren't permanent so part of what we're trying to do is squeeze out some of the temporary costs.
 But all the while, if we can make more structural moves,
 We want to make sure we've got room to do that.
 But I'd say right now, assume that it would be relatively flat year-on-year, but just
 Carolina indicated in her remarks.
 We wanna try to do more if we can.
 Great. All right. Thanks a lot. Best of luck, guys.
 Thanks again from UBS.
 We have Marcus Bittermeyer.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good morning, Larry, Carolina, and Steve.
 Let me maybe follow up on the, on the
 Marcus, good morning.
 Hey, good morning.
 within the year.
 So in your 10Q, you referenced the data numbers of 48%
 RPK reduction is  and I know obviously flight dollars and RPK are two different stories,
 But is that sort of a kind of scenario that you're playing through internally, and I'm
 just 
 Trying to get a sense of what that would mean if we look at a sort of like 19 aviation
 cash as a baseline where on that type of scenario we could end up particularly looking
 out sort of what you've mentioned in your prepared remarks that you have, I think, 62%
 of engines to build a head-off shop with it, one which arguably are the engines that are
 on the narrowbodies coming back first,
 because they're probably the youngest in the fleet.
 Right, right.
 trying to get a sense for within the year how you're thinking about that.
 Well, I think that, given what we highlighted relative to the April experience and the near
 term projection of that.
 There's no question that we're going to continue to see the pressure on cash at aviation that we've seen here of late, right?
 And that will be undoubtedly our biggest headwind.
 No, sure, but, you know, you know, shortly as we heard sort of the numbers that you
 that you said, but did you do sort of internal stress test around where you could end up
 with that, is that just something that you say it's too early to comment?
 No, no, no. There's plenty of planning for, again, an extended slowdown here. We're embracing
 this reality to the fullest extent possible.
 we are not expecting this to bounce back in the near term.
 So, we flag in the queue the IOTA numbers, we also reference others, you see it in our
 our own departure data here in April, right?
 We are way down.
 That has a direct feed in the shop visits.
 CSA Billings and the like.
 So we're adapting to this new environment, confident that it
 will recover, but we're simply not trying to assume that the pressure abates any time
 soon witness the cost of the cash actions that we're taking.
 Sure.
 Okay.
 I appreciate that.
 follow up quickly on the capital side.
 you anticipate any change in the capital support there for insurance, in particular, you referenced
 start a little bit in the prepared remarks.
 I think 2 billion is sort of the current number.
 How are you thinking about that at the moment?
 on the parents' support to capital and on the insurance.
 Let's take a step back then.
 So in 19, the capital had an inclusion
 from GE of four billion, right?
 And the estimate for this year is 2 billion on insurance funding.
 And those two billion, you know, that significantly lower than the before, we estimate that the
 when you just support Rafi in mind with this.
 The same variables are still open, and that depends on J-capital itself, right, to J-capital
 earnings, the LRT, the capital ending assets, equity levels, but basically it's about to
 billion as it looks now. And I would also say going forward, which is a great thing to
 follow-up, we do continue to anticipate further funding, and that will be, again, through
 combination of J-Captain itself with their asset sales, liquidity, and their future earnings.
 And on top of that, possible captain contributions from team.
 Thank you
 From Coen and Company, we have Gautam Kana. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you. Good morning, guys.
 Good morning.
 Two questions.
 At aviation, it sounds like you guys acknowledge that on the way up the spares business, the
 aftermarket, the $15 billion commercial, aftermarket business
 will lag ASM growth because of, you know, a younger fleet emerging, you know, a surge
 of use serviceable material and the like, hard outs.
 obviously lower spares provisioning as the OE rates come down 30 to 50 percent.
 I guess the first question is, when do you anticipate aviation-free cash flow getting
 to break even.
 that even possible before calendar 22 in that type of environment.
 and then I will follow up.
 I'm not sure we would buy into the premise, per se.
 We are a cycles business much more so than any other indicator.
 And those cycles are going to have
 to come back before the passengers do.
 out.
 As you may indicate, the age of the fleet will help us over time.
 there could be some short-term headwinds.
 But we'll see how that plays out.
 I think what we're acknowledging here is that we've been hit
 from a free cash perspective.
 in our, kind of, our biggest and best cash generator at aviation, but we're really not
 getting into much more in terms of the pre-cash forecast on a multi-year basis.
 It's just too soon.
 too many moving pieces for us to be that forward-leaning at this point.
 We wish we could be.
 It's just not where we are.
 And just to follow up, obviously, 2020 is a tough year.
 We're going to have some cash burn, 2021 unclear,
 but certainly doesn't seem like an aviation.
 we're going to have a strong recovery.
 So as we emerge from this, we're gonna have, you know,
 more leverage.
 And I guess the question is, you guys
 have made some asset sales to deleverage.
 What else besides cost reduction can you do?
 to get the balance sheet better, faster.
 Is there any other things that you guys are exploring or that you might explore?
 That's different than what you've done over the past year.
 Thank you.
 Well, I would
 I'm not sure I would say that there's a lot that is...
 Oh, please, Carolina.
 I was going to say that, to do things that we haven't done in the last couple of years.
 Yeah, well, I would just say at a high level, we are committed to our deleveraging target
 took less than two and a half times on the industrial side.
 And I think you've seen us make a lot of progress
 year to date, which I hope underscores the seriousness of that objective, both on the
 the GE side, right?
 I think it's $7 billion of debt reductions in the quarter and that capital, I think it's
 up to 10 on a year-to-date basis given some of the things we did in April.
 Hopefully it's going to take us a while longer here to hit those targets, like I suspect
 most companies. But in terms of doing anything new or different, I think we're going to continue
 to try to run these businesses as best we can, be as disciplined as we can on the capital
 Thank you so much for your time.
 Have a great day.
 be smart and thoughtful relative to some of the other obligations, like pension, as you've seen us,
 relative to the plan design and some of the settlement options.
 So, I'm not sure there are necessarily new plays per se, but we'll continue to look at
 at every and every option available to continue to strengthen the company, strengthen the
 to balance. She'd bring those leverage levels down in the face of COVID-19.
 Caroline, I'm sorry, I jumped in there.
 anything to add there?
 I would just add to the leverage comment also the liquidity that at times like this, you
 you know, you do look at the liquidity and I think it's important to say that we really
 want to maintain a high level of classroom maximum flexibility and you have
 the de-risking activities that we have made to sort of push out the debt in the
 So, we keep optionality.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, but I think to that, it's just important for us all to remember we ended the quarter
 but 47 billion of liquidity on the back of the biopharma action and some of the other
 of things that we have done.
 So we'll continue to be nimble and flexible,
 mindful of our obligations and our reality.
 Okay, from Barclays, we have Julian Mitchell.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning.
 um...
 maybe uh... just a question for you williams
 Good morning, and maybe just the first question around the working capital dynamics in the
 free cash flow at aviation.
 I guess there's a lot of industrial businesses where
 when you get this rapid sales down draft,
 you get a working capital cash offset to an extent,
 and then it reverses whenever the sales come back.
 Could you just update us on how you see the working capital cash impacts at GE Aviation
 sort of in the early stages now in this downturn,
 what you would expect to happen to work in capital when things
 recover, and if there's any major difference on the cash dynamics of the power-by-the-hour
 type service relative to the ad hoc spares activity in aviation.
 I'm looking up at the box.
 Yeah, with respect to working capital.
 I think our primary challenge is really inventory at aviation, right?
 Okay, we came into this year knowing we were going to have to adjust to a different schedule
 with the MAX chasing the step up at Airbus with the 320 NEO while dealing with a good
 bit of a pass due on the commercial side, both OE and aftermarket, while having pretty
 good military demand to contend with.
 That all gets reset here and one of the real pressures we saw from a cash flow perspective
 was an inventory at aviation in the quarter.
 So that's where we're gonna be most focused,
 trying to make sure that we reduce the delinquencies
 adjust to the reduced production schedules, the lower aftermarket requirements while continuing
 to take care of the military business,
 That's a complex supply chain undertaking.
 but the team, as you can imagine, is keenly focused
 on using some of the lean tools,
 working with our supply base to make sure
 that we not only take the cost out of the business,
 but bring those inventory levels down.
 in light of current demand.
 But should we expect?
 So I guess I understand.
 I'm sorry.
 Yeah.
 There's a second part of your question.
 I may have missed that.
 I guess you know in aviation you have the you have the drop in EBITDA in a
 downturn, then the recovery and EBITDA in the early part of the upturn.
 I was just trying to understand on working capital, is that cash impact counter cyclical
 or is it pro cyclical, so you're getting a working capital
 outflow through the downturn as well as the EBITDA decline.
 I understand the high-level dynamic there that you're alluding to.
 I think right now, the simple reality of aviation, given the pressures and the cross
 is that it is a negative, and we need to work to improve it.
 at how much of a tailwind could it be?
 kind of at this point in the cycle, I think it's too early to tell.
 we've got to get on the improvement path first, Julian,
 be able to take that potential and deliver it in the financials as a reality.
 Thank you.
 So my second question was just around the operational issues.
 So I think it sounds like the cost-out tailwind should build through the year, but in Q1 you
 had some operational issues in power on the service side, steep decrementals, even with
 the fixed cost down 16%. Renewables, the margins were down despite a big revenue increase.
 So I guess what's the conviction that operational inefficiencies will not swallow up a lot
 of these cost savings over the balance of the year?
 Well, I think you have to take it
 business by business, right?
 If you look at what happened in Power, clearly the push out by customers
 because of their own site restrictions, and by us, on the back of the travel restrictions,
 really pushed a lot of high margin revenue out of the quarter and probably out of the
 first half.
 top of some cost pressures of our own making,
 which we need to improve upon.
 But I think in power, I believe that the team is doing
 the team is doing a very nice job of working off the,
 the so-called inheritance taxes,
 driving real cost improvements.
 to see that in the head count reductions here
 in the first quarter, and as we get to a more normalized service environment, I think you'll
 continue to see that turn around, continue to take flight.
 I think in renewables, Julian, it's a different dynamic.
 Yes, we had phenomenal revenue growth
 in the corner double the at the on-shore
 Turban deliveries here in the US got a little bit of a little bit better price about a point of price
 which is encouraging to see, but it is by nature a very low gross margin business,
 So the growth isn't high-calorie, unfortunately.
 We had a few, what we think are one-offs,
 but they're not one-offs until they go away permanently,
 costs, and execution issues.
 All the while, the turnarounds in Hydro and Grid are, I think, moving forward, but it's
 and they have a number of inheritance taxes
 that will take a few years to work through.
 So I think the cost actions that we have talked about today will accelerate those turnarounds
 in power and renewables.
 They're dealing with different dynamics
 in the respective businesses.
 And that's really why I think I have the confidence
 to say that you should expect
 the death of a margin sequentially
 to improve that the restructuring and the cost actions should present themselves in
 and create decrementals in the back half.
 but we've got work to do to make that happen.
 Great, thank you.
 From Wolf Research, we have Nigel Coey.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks. Good morning everyone. And Carina, great to see you on board.
 So, look, we appreciate all the color in the slides.
 You bet.
 in the queue.
 So, Larry, is it now a base case that industrial free cash flow will be negative and maybe
 just address the risk of significant cash burn this year or is there enough on the cost
 out and on the working capital side to maybe mitigate some of that pressure and keep in
 and that's where fake cash really are relatively steady.
 Yeah, I think what we're trying to share this morning, Nigel,
 is that, you know, probably three things.
 one, we've been hit hard and fast here in some of our most important, highest margin
 businesses, be it aviation and services particularly, gas power services, PDX in health care.
 We think that that gets worse before it gets better, particularly here in the second quarter
 with a full, a full effect.
 It's uncertain as to how things play out from here.
 We're gonna acknowledge that uncertainty,
 hence the pulling of the guide,
 but we're not gonna sit back and hope that it all passes.
 we're not gonna take the view that
 We've got a sharp V-Bounce coming.
 hence the two billion of cost actions we've talked about
 and the three billion of cash actions.
 We're going to do everything we possibly
 can control our destiny here without impairing the long-term value and the long-term trajectory
 of our company.
 So, we're telling you what we know today.
 We wish we knew more, but that is really the state of play right now and the approach
 the headset that we're taking to it.
 OK, I appreciate that Larry, thanks.
 And then I thought one of the real highlights of the quarter
 was the underlying strengths of the healthcare margins, you know, even ex-biopharma, especially
 given some of the headwinds you face in there.
 So with the end of this video, I'll see you in the next video.
 and strength in small equipment and pressure in big iron.
 How does that mix look, though?
 When you look at the mix on smaller patient monitoring
 equipment, et cetera, versus the big iron.
 How does that global mix play out to the margins?
 Well, we certainly, I think the key thing to keep in mind, Nigel, is the big iron certainly
 only got hit, the lower...
 The lower ticket, the lower price points, be it patient monitors, ventilators and the
 like certainly got quite a boost.
 but it's a small part of the business.
 So there was a little bit of mix there, but not a lot.
 It was really more a function, frankly, of the team doing a nice job more broadly, recognizing
 with absent biopharma.
 We needed to tend to the core cost structure in all its form in the HCS business, right?
 We've been growing health care, biopharma leading the way, we've got some good margin
 and support from that business the last several years.
 Well, now as we think about the $17 billion core,
 The teams really, I think, put their sights,
 the last couple of quarters on growing that business,
 growing it with a creative margin, and it's really the cumulative effect that I think
 You see a bit here in the first quarter
 before we got hit.
 They got hit a little bit later, not as much.
 You'll see more of that, unfortunately,
 here in the second quarter.
 but I think you've got a team who thinks that,
 like many other MedTech companies, they can load a mid-single digits over time and put
 more digital into the mix, better cost, that should give us the opportunity to grow with
 to create a margins along the lines of what Kieran laid out in December, and I have no
 less conviction about their ability to do that today than we did when we made that
 presentation.
 Again, mindful that we've got some gyrations here in the near term to deal with.
 Right.
 Okay, thanks very much.
 Hey, thanks Nigel.
 Hey, thanks, Nigel.
 We are at the bottom of the hour so, Brandon, we're at the bottom of the hour so we can
 and just take one more question.
 from RBC Capital Markets. We have Dean DeRay. Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Thanks for watching everyone.
 health and add my welcome to Carolina.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, Dean.
 Good morning. Just two questions, both aviation.
 There's a lot of discussion about structural cost out, and Larry, be interested in how
 How have you balanced the structural cost-out in aviation with rifts and balancing the rifts
 and furloughs versus how you might be compromising the ability to bounce back when it does ramp
 back up. So that's the first question. And then the second one, just to make sure I heard
 it correctly with your
 Did you quantify the leap cancellations in the quarter?
 I know there's delivery deferrals.
 Our experience in 2008 was that you did not
 see many outright engine cancellations
 because customers would lose that non-refundable deposit.
 So what's the expectation here in terms of engine cancellations?
 That's it for me.
 Maybe I'll take the first part of that and perhaps Carolina can take the second.
 I think we are mindful, ever mindful, that there will be a recovery, right, and we want
 to be well positioned for, because it's going to be a very good business for GE for four
 But I think we are really trying to, again, embrace our reality and take the cost actions
 in the aftermarket business
 and more broadly at aviation, mindful that we've got a period of time here of an unknown
 duration, but it's not going to be measured in months, right, where that business is
 going to be under considerable pressure.
 So after a period of time is the aftermarket has grown
 It's grown as it has the last decade.
 This is going to give us an opportunity to rethink, to consolidate.
 All the while mindful of our obligations to customers, the nature of how the footprint
 has changed, the changes that are probably still coming.
 So there are a number of variables.
 It's very much a work in progress as well,
 but I think we've got line of sight
 to build on some of the temporary actions to take
 permanent action to make sure that we have a lean cost structure with adequate capacity
 to come out of the downturn here.
 well positioned to perform both for customers and for investors.
 Thank you for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.
 Thank you.
 I'll turn it back to Steve Whitaker for closing remarks.
 or do you want to answer the question on?
 Yeah, second question.
 Go ahead, Kara Lee.
 I will.
 Go ahead, go ahead, Carolina.
 Yeah, you were right because I actually mentioned that in my notes there that in our backlog
 which was flat sequentially, and up 22% versus prior,
 That did include roughly $200,000,000 units
 or the translations in the quarter.
 I would say the progress really funds a very small so far.
 But on top of that, we also saw G-Cast, right?
 So we have GKS cancellation of 69 aircraft in April.
 So that will be reflected in the second quarter
 reviews and backlogs.
 Great. Thanks, everybody. I know it's a long call and a busy day, so if you need more
 which is reach out to us and best of luck.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 This concludes today's conference.
 Thank you for joining and you may now disconnect.