 Good morning, and welcome to the first quarter 2020 General Electric Company earnings conference call.
 My name is Brandon, and I'll be your operator for today.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 Later, we will conduct a question and answer session
 during which you can now star one, if you have a question.
 Please note this conference is being recorded,
 and I will now turn it over to Steve Winokur,
 Vice President of Investor Communications. You may begin, sir.
 Thanks, Brandon.
 And good morning and welcome to GE's first quarter 2020 earnings call.
 I'm joined by our chairman and CEO, Larry Kulp, and CFO, Carolina Dabek-Hoppa.
 Before we start, I'd like to remind you that the press release and presentation are available
 on our website.
 Note that some of the statements we're making are forward-looking
 and are based in our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today.
 As described in our SEC filings and on our website, those elements can change as the world changes.
 With that, I'll hand the call over to Larry.
 Steve, thanks.
 Good morning, everyone.
 We hope you and your families are healthy and safe.
 Our thoughts are with all of those affected by this global pandemic.
 We recognize this is a very difficult and challenging time for everyone.
 On behalf of GE, I want to express our gratitude to those on the front lines in the medical
 community.
 many of whom were privileged to call our customers, working tirelessly to protect all of us.
 Thank you.
 When we last spoke during our Outlook call in March, we were encouraged by the continued
 strength in aviation and health care, and the progress made in power and renewables.
 In the eight weeks since, the world has fundamentally changed.
 as we all know
 the COVID-19 pandemic evolved rapidly, hitting hard and hitting fast. While this is an earnings
 call.
 Our goal today is to provide you with the most current and relevant information we have.
 And as always, to be as open and transparent as we possibly can.
 So forgive us if we run a little long today.
 The COVID-19 dynamics at GE, like the economy at large, are fluid and still evolving, but clearly challenging in the near term.
 With that, I'll start with our response to COVID-19.
 Carolina, who is joining our earnings call for the first time,
 we'll cover the financials, then I'll
 wrapped with a more in-depth view of our current operations.
 Moving to slide two, during this unprecedented time, we're focused on three areas.
 First,
 the health and safety of our employees and our communities.
 We established a COVID-19 task force
 that is working to ensure we're doing everything in our ability to protect the health and safety
 and aligning with various government directives
 and medical advisories in real time.
 to that end
 we've encouraged those employees
 who are not directly performing
 customer-facing
 essential jobs
 to work from home wherever possible.
 but given
 the mission
 critical work
 we do at
 GE, not everyone can stay home.
 I'd like to acknowledge our employees out in the field
 and in our factories for their unwavering dedication
 as they continue to deliver for our customers,
 supporting essential services like hospitals,
 power generation,
 airlines, and national defense.
 We're ensuring they have what they need to do their job safely.
 This includes temperature screenings, face coverings and gloves as necessary,
 and physical distancing, all keeping with national, state, and local guidelines.
 I'm also inspired by the support that our employees have shown each other.
 We recently established an employee relief fund,
 and more than 75 senior leaders across GE
 have contributed
 portions of their salary to support those affected by this crisis.
 Our second priority is continuing to serve our customers.
 In healthcare, we're ramping production of critical medical equipment used to
 diagnose and treat COVID-19 patients, including respiratory CT monitoring solutions, x-ray
 anesthesia, and point-of-care ultrasound product lines.
 Already, our team has doubled production of ventilators
 and plans to double again by the end of June.
 Healthcare's digital and AI solutions are helping hospitals remotely monitor multiple patients at once
 and automate rote tasks
 so clinicians can spend more of their precious time
 focused on life-saving work.
 Across all of our businesses, we're in constant communication with employees, customers,
 suppliers, and governments to maintain business continuity without disruption.
 our third
 priority is preserving our strength.
 First and foremost, sound liquidity is crucial, and solidifying our balance sheet remains a key focus.
 With the recent closing of the biopharma transaction, we've received $20 billion of net
 credit.
 proceeds.
 provides GE with optionality to protect our company and remain flexible.
 Importantly, we retained a $17 billion leading healthcare business at the center of an ecosystem
 I'm striving for precision health.
 Preserving our strength in a time like this also requires a different operating model.
 Here I draw on my experience as a CEO managing through 9-11 and the global financial crisis.
 There are three steps in this model.
 Embrace reality.
 redefine winning
 and execute the plan.
 Easy to say, hard to do.
 starting with embrace reality.
 this is necessary in a time like this
 when so much has changed
 and remains uncertain.
 For us, it means recognizing
 that we're facing significant headwinds in aviation,
 and we may be for a while.
 We wish it were otherwise, but that's not our reality.
 Next, redefine winning.
 We came into 2020 with a plan that defined winning as profitable growth,
 margin expansion and cash generation.
 Now, we need to adjust to the altered environment to focus and inspire our team.
 Let me share some ways we're doing this.
 While safety has always been a top priority for GE, COVID-19 has reshaped our safety
 agenda.
 In terms of our financial priorities, improving our cash generation,
 and decremental margins in the second half are key focus areas.
 And in health care, we clearly didn't come into the year expecting to increase our
 benefit.
 later production, fourfold.
 but we will
 And finally,
 execute the plan. We're moving
 with speed, discipline, and intensity
 to improve our cost structure
 targeting more than $2 billion of cost actions
 and more than $3 billion of cash actions.
 And this is where Lean is particularly relevant, from daily management to traditional Kanban systems,
 which help reset inventory levels
 to do problem-solving tools we're rolling out across GE.
 Let me share a recent example from gas power.
 In our Greenville facility, the team used lean to cut the distance
 that a single part travels during production from three miles, yes, three miles, to a mere
 165 feet, flashing the time it took to make that part
 by 42%.
 These are the sort of operational efficiencies that are more essential than ever in this environment.
 So that's our approach here.
 We're facing the pandemic head-on while continuing to execute our long-term strategy for GE.
 moving to slide three
 You'll find a snapshot of our first quarter results.
 And Carolina will take you through this in detail.
 But first, a few top-line thoughts.
 As I noted, we entered the year with momentum.
 However, as COVID-19 continued to spread globally, and I'm not going to sugarcoat this,
 We got hit hard in some of our highest margin parts of our best-performing businesses.
 This is especially true at aviation services,
 where COVID-19 caused a rapid decline in commercial aviation demand
 and even essential travel became difficult
 in the second half of March.
 A similar situation also transpired at power services, where travel restrictions caused by COVID-19 impacted our field personnel.
 and across all of our businesses
 we started to see some project fulfillment
 and execution issues
 At the same time, health care performed well
 due to urgent demand for our products used in the fight against COVID-19.
 taking a step back
 about 80% of our roughly $400 billion backlog
 is in services, which have a long time horizon.
 And while services have been hurt in the near term, those capabilities remain one of our greatest strengths.
 They keep us close to our customers with deep strategic relationships,
 especially through periods of volatility.
 so in the spirit of embracing reality
 Let me frame for you what we're seeing right now at a high level.
 and then I'll do a deeper dive
 Dr. Carolina reviews the first quarter.
 In aviation and at GCAS, airlines are conserving cash,
 not flying the planes they have, limiting maintenance spend where they can,
 and all the while deferring orders in many places.
 No one can predict when and how leisure and business travel will resume,
 But the reality is, likely, it's not soon.
 So we're redefining winning.
 for margin
 expansion in 2020 to improving our
 decremental margins this year, which requires we aggressively adjust our cost structure.
 That's what winning looks like for aviation, and they're moving forward with a comprehensive plan.
 To be clear, we'll get back to targeting those 20% operating margins post-pandemic.
 In healthcare, we've been on the front lines
 combating COVID-19 since the early days in Wuhan.
 This is fundamental to our mission.
 While we've seen demand surge for certain products, other products, including those
 in our high market, we've seen demand surge for certain products, including those in our
 high-margin pharmaceutical
 diagnostics business have been negatively impacted as
 multiple procedures are deferred.
 Health care is likely to rebound faster than aviation,
 but we're still fast tracking additional cost out actions
 targeting an incremental $700 million
 since Karen and the team spoke with you in December.
 and power in renewable energy.
 the impact of COVID-19 has been more limited to date.
 Specifically at power, we're experiencing outage delays and restrictions in field service travel, and we're monitoring new unit orders and services.
 To offset this, we're further right-sizing the cost structure,
 And in power, we already reduced headcount by 700 in the first quarter.
 now clearly across
 GE, there are a number of large variables
 that are unknown at this point, including the full duration,
 magnitude, and pace of
 recovery across our
 in markets, operations, and supply chains.
 We're also monitoring how the resulting interest rate environment will impact
 pension obligations and our runoff insurance business.
 So let me tell you what we do know.
 The second quarter will be the first full quarter with pressure from COVID-19,
 and we expect that our financial results will decline sequentially
 before they improve later this year.
 the bottom line
 is we have some challenging times ahead, but this too shall pass.
 I'm confident the underlying reset we took over the last 18 months
 to focus GE's portfolio.
 and instill a greater focus on customers and lead,
 give us a running start for what we face today.
 moreover
 I see in our response to COVID-19 signs of how we're moving faster to change GE for the good.
 more green work to help reduce
 inventories in the face of demand challenges in aviation.
 travel restrictions spurring on the use of remote digital technology
 to complete field work and renewables
 and more capital discipline across the board.
 with new leaders assimilating faster
 and with real impact.
 health care comes to mind.
 So all of this, in combination with the planned actions we'll discuss later, are accelerating our transformation of GE.
 with that I'll turn it over to Carolina
 but before I do, let me say how pleased I am
 to have her on board.
 In two short months, it's clear we share the same perspectives of embracing reality
 and operational bias for action and executing with speed.
 Thank you, Larry.
 I'm proud to join my first
 earnings call
 as to the
 of GE and help lead this company and turn forward.
 As you noted, we're operating in unprecedented times.
 have you focus on? First, keeping our financial position strong and safe with a keen eye on
 leverage and liquidity, as well as cash flow and capital discipline.
 While GE's actions over the last couple of years have put us on stronger footing ahead of this situation, we will do more.
 second
 working with our businesses to take the right
 action. Not only to help
 mitigate the impact of COVID-19, but to serve customers better, operate smarter, and more
 efficiently and integrately
 more holistically.
 While Larry and I are focused on the near term, we're also managing for the long term.
 We're working together to reduce complexity at GE
 being a living culture that delivers sustainable earning and cash flow generation.
 today my intention is to take you through our results in detail and provide context
 that help you see
 what i see across the businesses
 With that, let's go on to slide four.
 This was a challenging quarter for us, as the macro environment rapidly deteriorated.
 Taking it from the top, first quarter orders were down 3% organically or down 4% ex-biopharma.
 Growth in power and health care was offset by double-digit declines in aviation and renewables.
 Both equipment and service orders were down low single digits.
 I'll cover this by business shortly.
 Industrial revenue was down 5% organically
 or down 6x biopharma.
 with equipment revenue flat and services down 9%.
 Both aviation and power services were adversely impacted in the quarter due to COVID-19.
 Adjusted industrial profit margins were down 450 basis points organically.
 Most of the dilution came from aviation and renewables.
 with the aviation impact mostly driven by COVID-19.
 too.
 Now let's discuss the EPS work.
 starting at continuing EPS of $0.72.
 It was a $0.75 gain primarily related to the $11.1 billion of the tax gain from the biopharma
 sale, which also included one cent of tax benefit in geotapidol. This was partially
 effect by a 4.6 billion
 of the tax loss on our remaining
 make a huge stake, which we measure at fair value each quarter.
 On restructuring and other items, we incur two cents of charges.
 This is principally related to the reduction of aviation's U.S. workforce.
 Lastly, non-operating pension and other benefit plans were a $0.06 head within the quarter.
 Excluding these items, adjusted EPS was $0.05.
 As described earlier, our earnings performance was materially impacted by COVID-19 and other market dynamics.
 This was primarily in aviation and GCAS with negative marks and impairments in both GCAS and
 insurance as well as higher credit costs.
 We estimate the first quarter industrial operating profit impact from COVID-19, roughly 700 million.
 Drivers included lower aftermarket sales, project delays, and supply chain constraints.
 This impact is higher than anticipated at the March Outlook call, reflecting the rapid global progression of the pandemic.
 but our prior forecasts largely reflected the slowdown in China.
 Our focus on addressing this pandemic is global.
 We're targeting more than $2 billion of cost-outs this year.
 while this may not affect the full impact,
 we're rapidly addressing both cost and cash
 and making our businesses more agile and customer-focused over time.
 I can tell you from my experience that as this program builds momentum
 and the company leaders begin to see
 how powerful results can be, they tend to extend beyond their stated goals.
 With just what I have seen so far, I'm encouraged that we can have some of that same experience at GE.
 Moving to cash.
 As many of you know, the first quarter is typically low for our free cash flow.
 This year, we're impacted by our usual seasonality, but also COVID-19, especially in aviation.
 Industrial free cash flow was a use of $2.2 billion.
 One billion worse than prior year.
 but notably excluding aviation
 And each industrial business improved free cash flow versus lost debt.
 turning to the key drivers in the quarter.
 starting with net earnings.
 If you exclude the biopharma gain and the mark-to-market on our Baker Hughes investment,
 Income depreciation and amortization total $700 million.
 That's down 900 million versus prior year.
 Next, working capital, negative $2.6 billion
 for the significant use of cash, down $1.1 billion.
 Let me take you through the main factors.
 First, we had a net inflow in accounts receivable, driven by a seasonally lower volume in gas
 power and renewables.
 Second, we had an outflow in accounts table, driven by a lower volume in aviation and higher disbursements related to prior-year material buys in renewables.
 Third, we increased inventory to support an expected second and third quarter volume ramp
 in onshore wind and shop output declined innovation.
 Fourth, progress connections.
 They were a use of cash as new orders and milestone payments were more than a fit by
 burndown of prior progress payments in power and renewables.
 we also spent about $600 million in gross CAPEX. We're on track now to reduce 25% of our CAPEX
 spend this year. For cash flow in total, we estimate the first quarter impact from COVID-19
 was around $1 billion, the majority of which was felt in aviation.
 as we look forward
 we expect
 continued free cash flow pressure.
 We're targeting more than $3 billion in cash action.
 However, over time, we know that each business can be a better cash generator as we improve execution.
 Moving to slide six.
 We continue to strengthen our balance sheet.
 The largest milestone in the quarter was closing Biopharma.
 the 20 billion
 of
 we ended the quarter with $33.8 billion of industrial cash,
 up approximately $16 billion sequentially.
 TA capital ended with $13.5 billion of cash
 down approximately $5.3 billion sequentially,
 driven by contractual maturities.
 We continue to hold a liquidity balance
 covering 12 months of G-debt maturities.
 We've recently taken action to enhance and expand our liquidity and pay down debt.
 On April 17, GE entered into a three-year,
 $15 billion syndicated revolving credit facility.
 This was a planned recovery.
 refinancing of GE's prior $20 billion
 syndicated revolver credit facility
 including bilateral agreements
 we expect to have in the range of $20 billion in total credit line access going forward.
 Following the sale of Biopharma, we also improved our liquidity profile in April.
 We reduced our near-term death maturity by issuing $6 billion in GE death in April and
 and subsequently tending for $4.2 billion of debt.
 plan to use the remaining 1.8 billion of proceeds to further debt reduction and the combination of
 that transaction will therefore be leveraged neutral.
 Following this, GE Industrial has no debt maturities in 2021,
 1.9 billion of maturities in 2022, and 900 million in 2023.
 At GE Industrial, we reduced debt by approximately 7 billion.
 We reduced commercial paper use by $1.1 billion in the quarter, and we paid $6 billion of
 inter-company loan from GE to GE Capital in April using proceeds from Biopharma. At
 capital, we reduced debt by $4 billion.
 So we reduced external deaths by 10 billion year-to-date, including 4.7 billion of maturities
 in the quarter, and an additional 5.4 billion of 2020 maturities tendered in April, offset by
 GE's $6 billion repayments of the intercompany loan.
 Our financial policy goals remain.
 maintaining a high cash balance, achieving less than 2.5 times net debt to EBTA at your
 industrial
 and
 less than four times debt to equity at GE Capital.
 a credit rating in the single A range
 and reinstating a dividend in line with peers over time.
 We remain committed to achieving our leverage targets,
 But we now expect to achieve those targets over a longer period than previously announced due to the impact of COVID-19.
 Next, on slide seven, we'll discuss the industrial segment's results.
 Starting with aviation, as we've noted,
 our first quote results were materially impacted.
 Orders were down 13% organically with both equipment and service orders down.
 Equipment orders were down 27%, primarily driven by commercial engines business due to the max
 grounding and the COVID impact.
 Correct.
 Services orders were down 4%, primarily driven by commercial services,
 partially upset by military
 which one new fighter and helicopter service orders from the U.S. DOD.
 Service orders were stronger than revenues due to the military orders,
 which were up 60% year-over-year.
 Backlog of $273 billion was flat sequentially and up 22% versus prior year, primarily driven
 by long-term service agreements.
 THIS INCLUDED ROUGHLY 200 LEAP 1B UNIT ORDER
 cancellations in the quarter.
 revenue was down 11% organically
 Equipment revenue will sound 17%.
 We shipped 472 commercial install and spare engine units this quarter, bound 37 versus prior year.
 Sales of 272 deep 1A and 1B units were down 152.
 and CFM 56 units were down 98 units.
 Service revenue was down 8% due to commercial services, down 11%.
 This was driven by lower spare parts shipments and lower shop visits from the impact of COVID-19.
 total military revenue was down
 seven percent
 with 146 engine unit shipments down 9%.
 And this was driven by supply chain fulfillment dynamics
 and inbound material is partly affected by the advanced program's growth.
 operating profit was down 39% organically,
 primarily on lower volume and negative mixed pressure
 in commercial services from the impact of COVID-19 and lower spare engine units.
 Segment margin contracted 650 basis points organically.
 This was primarily due to COVID-19 impacting our commercial businesses in both engines
 and services.
 the continued 737
 max grounding
 the non-repeal of prior year
 favorable contract adjustments
 and the first full quarter of revenue from our aeroderivative business
 now that we have
 deconsolidated
 Baker Hughes. Add
 a bit more color. COVID-19
 represents just over half
 of the year-over-year margin difference.
 737 max timing, considering install and spare engine volume, and supply chain excess costs represent additional 20% of the volume.
 moving to healthcare, which performed well.
 Orders were up, 9% organically.
 equipment orders
 We're up 40% on services.
 were at 1.
 healthcare orders excluding
 by a farmer.
 were up 6%, driven by a surge
 demand related to COVID-19.
 this was partially
 are set by delays in procurement and lower demand of products less related to COVID-19.
 examples like MR and intervention in healthcare systems
 as well as contrast media and nuclear
 traces in pharmaceutical
 and diagnostics.
 Life sciences orders were up 10%.
 Backlog was $17.4 billion, down 6% sequentially and down 3% versus prior year due to the sale of bioma.
 So excluding biopharma, back year was up 1% sequentially and 4% versus prior year.
 Revenue was up 2% organically and 1% excluded in biopharma.
 healthcare systems revenue was up 2%
 with services and 3% with equipment flat.
 Life sciences was up 4%.
 Operating profit was up 10% organically.
 Segment margin expanded 140 basis points organically or 30 basis points excluding biopharma.
 pharma. This was driven by
 volume and cost productivity
 offset by price and logistics pressures from COVID-19.
 next
 on power
 We had mixed results with equipment, top-line strength,
 upset by challenges in services.
 Orders were up 14% organically.
 Gas power orders were up 8%
 with equipment orders up
 37% largely due to
 one turn to order.
 We booked 2.2 gigawatts of orders for nine gas turbines.
 Gas power service orders were down 3%, with contractual services down, and transactional
 upgrades roughly
 flat. Power Portfolio
 orders were up 27% with strong
 equipment and services orders in steel
 and power conversion.
 backlog closed at 85 billion flat sequentially and down one percent versus prior year
 gas backlight was
 71 billion of that sequentially. Revenue was down 12% organically, largely driven by services.
 In gas power, revenue was down 12%.
 Gas power equipment revenue was up 4% organically on higher hedge turbine mix.
 We shipped nine gas turbines.
 sorry we should
 It's seven guests over.
 versus nine gas turbines in the first quarter of 19.
 We help our customers achieve commercial operations on over 32 units,
 translating to almost 4.7 gigawatts of new power added to the grid.
 That power services revenue was down 19% of energy.
 as outages and transactional sales pushed out of the quarter due to COVID-19.
 and we have lower revenue on higher margin upgrades.
 Despite this, services would still have been down in the quarter.
 This was driven by supply-based constraints on hot gas park parts
 and outage cost overall pressuring our CSA margin rate.
 Power portfolio revenue was down 12%.
 This was driven by lower volumes across the sub-segments.
 In steel, we had lower services back low convertibility.
 In nuclear, the decline was driven by outage timing.
 and in power conversion we refined our sales perimeter
 focused on higher margin market segments.
 Operating profit was down $239 million, and segment margin contracted 570 basis points organically.
 While gas power fixed costs were down 9% sequentially and fixed in versus prior year,
 This was more than effect by lower service volume and additional cost from COVID-19 disruption.
 Next on renewables
 Continued revenue growth was more than upset by fulfillment and execution issues impacting
 you.
 the ability.
 Orders were down 11% organically. Equipment were down 11% as we cycle a stronger USPTC, and services were down 23%.
 A positive spot in the quarter was international orders, which were up 11%.
 Backlog of $26.5 billion
 was down 4% sequentially, but up 5% versus prior year.
 Revenue was up 28% organically.
 this was mainly driven by onshore wind
 up 60%.
 Onshore equipment revenue was up 81%, with the new unit turbine deliveries of 731, more than double prior year, and repower kit deliveries of 219, up 40%.
 percent. Onshore services revenue, excluding repower kits, was up 15 percent. Onshore order
 pricing index continues to stabilize
 at 1% in line with losing trends.
 Grid revenue was down 8%, mostly due to site closures and delayed milestones driven by COVID-19.
 operating loss was down 115 million this was driven by the supply chain disruptions due to
 COVID-19, fulfillment delays, and the non-recurrence of a non-cash gain from an offshore wind
 contract termination in the prior year.
 This was partially upset by higher onshore wind volume.
 Fragment margin, contracted, 210 basis points,
 mainly driven by the same items mentioned above
 the range of execution issues we're fixing at grid and hydro. Moving to slide
 at eight, starting with GE Capital.
 In the quarter, adjusted continual operations generated a net loss of $118 million.
 This excludes the impact of the capital loss tax benefit utilized against biopharma gain, resulting in $88 million of earnings.
 compared to prior year
 which excuse
 excludes the U.S. tax reform benefits.
 continuing net earnings
 was unfavorable by 154 million.
 This was due to negative marks and impairments at GCAS and insurance.
 lower gains, and lower earnings from a smaller asset base.
 This was partially upset by lower excess interest costs and SG&A.
 We ended the quarter with $101 billion of assets,
 excluding liquidity.
 This was done $1 billion sequentially, primarily driven by GCAS due to asset sales, depreciation, and collection,
 partially upset by new volume.
 Insurance assets were flat sequentially
 as the decrease in unrealized gains
 driven primarily by higher market rates
 what's a set
 the annual insurance
 the capital contribution.
 supply chain
 finest assets
 were down as our suppliers continue to migrate to AMUFG.
 as noted earlier
 capital ended the quarter
 with $13.5 billion of liquidity.
 Capital also ended with 54.5 billion of deaths, which was down 4.5 billion sequentially, driven by death maturity.
 This continued operations generated a net loss of $164 million, which was unfavorable
 versus prior year by $200 million.
 plan. If they plan to provide the required support to GE Capital in line with insurance
 statutory funding.
 next
 just like our businesses, corporate
 that needs to adjust to our new realities.
 and we are continuing to take additional structural actions
 to rationalize cost and reduce the size at corporate.
 it. Looking at the quarter, adjusted corporate costs were $374 million, 8% higher, but that's
 primarily due to higher-inter-company profit eliminations, which were partially obsessed
 by better digital performance from continued cost reduction actions.
 Functions and operations were 25% lower,
 primarily driven by GE Digital's improvement.
 You can see from DIGITAL's performance that the focus cost reduction programs are gaining traction.
 We continue to right-size our functional costs across GE and push more accountability into the division.
 larry and i are conducting cost and cash reviews of each of the businesses with fresh eyes in the
 current environment.
 So you can expect that there will be more to come.
 Stay tuned.
 I have spent most of my career
 in leadership at lean decentralized companies.
 fundamentally I believe
 companies outperform when they have a structure
 that empowers businesses to take the right actions quickly.
 This type of structure is critical to respond to situations like we have today with COVID-19,
 but also to be prepared to pivot to growth.
 We're working toward this goal, and there will be more to come.
 With that, back to you, Larry.
 Thank you.
 Carolina, thank you.
 there's no question that
 COVID-19 is putting real pressure on our businesses.
 given that so much has changed
 And this quarter will be our first full quarter with pressure from COVID-19.
 I'd like to spend some time here discussing second quarter trending based on what we're seeing through the month of April.
 So starting with aviation on slide nine, of all of our industrial segments,
 this business is feeling the impact of the pandemic most severely.
 The rapid contraction of air travel has resulted in a significant reduction in demand
 as commercial airlines suspend
 routes and ground large percentages
 of their fleets.
 We'll cover commercial services and engines on the next two slides in detail.
 But on the other end of the spectrum,
 and demand for our military business remains strong.
 To that end, we rebalanced some of our capacity to meet this increased demand.
 To offset some pressure in the commercial business, we're taking several steps that, while painful,
 preserve our ability to adapt
 as the environment continues to evolve.
 We've previously announced $500 to $1 billion
 in cost and cash actions.
 And we've now increased this, targeting more than $1 billion in cost actions
 and more than $2 billion in cash actions.
 This will be achieved through different initiatives, some of which have been completed, others in flight as we speak.
 These include a 10% reduction in aviation's total U.S. workforce,
 and furloughs impacting 50% of its U.S. maintenance, repair, and overhaul facilities
 and new engine manufacturing.
 We'll continue to monitor and potentially extend
 as required.
 We're also focused on reducing the discretionary and capex spend
 and optimizing working capital.
 I know aviation's decremental margin through this pandemic is top of mind for investors,
 and Carolina touched on the main dynamics impacting our margins in the quarter.
 While we expect our commercial revenues and profits will continue to be down in the second quarter,
 our expectations are that the cost
 actions we're undertaking will improve
 decremental margins in the back half of the year.
 While there are many uncertainties,
 I expect that we will exit the year with a much lower decremental margin than what you saw in the first quarter.
 so make no mistake
 Thriving improvement here is our number one focus.
 as we think about the full year
 We're tracking travel restrictions, carrier and passenger behavior, disease countermeasures, and freight demand,
 all of which will impact aircraft departures and revenue passenger kilometers.
 While we're seeing an unprecedented decline in 2020, we're taking action,
 and David and the team are working proactively with our customers to navigate through this crisis.
 So spending a little more time on commercial services, which represented $3.3 billion of
 revenue in the first quarter.
 Let's go to slide 10.
 As you can see on the left side, departures across the full industry were strong in the first quarter
 before rapidly declining in mid-March.
 As we look at it this week,
 focused on the GE and CFM fleet,
 global departures are down approximately 75%.
 where at least 60% of the CFM fleet is parked today.
 in line with this
 we're also seeing significant headwinds in global shop visits, which were down low
 double digits in the first quarter as airlines defer short-term maintenance, and we expect
 this trend gets worse before it gets better.
 with some potential to moderate
 in the latter half of the year
 depending on the variables just outlined.
 Based on what we're seeing through the month of April, in the second quarter, we're seeing
 shop visits down roughly 60% and CSA billings down roughly 50%.
 Additionally, we expect this significant reduction in utilization is likely to continue to pressure our CSA margins.
 That said, when the aviation industry recovers, and it will recover over time,
 GE is well-positioned with the largest and youngest install base of all engine manufacturers.
 Additionally, roughly 62% of our GE CFM fleet has seen one shop visit or less,
 and this will generate demand upon recovery.
 We have more narrowbodies that are 10 years or younger than the narrowbody installed
 base of the rest of the industry.
 and when we see a pickup
 and air travel demand, we expect narrow bodies will recover most quickly.
 overall it was a challenging quarter
 and we're expecting additional pressure here in the second.
 but our cost actions will alleviate some of the pressure in the second half of 2020.
 moving to commercial engines
 which represented
 $1.5 billion
 of revenue in the first quarter.
 In light of COVID-19, airframers are producing at a lower rate.
 based on what we're seeing through the month of April.
 In the second quarter, we see installed engines down roughly 45%
 and spare engines down roughly 60% year-on-year,
 attributable to the delivery
 deferrals in addition to the already planned lower production rate
 on the 737 MAX.
 In the near term, we're right-sizing production capacity and actively managing the supply
 database.
 We have very strong relationships with the airframers,
 and an attractive value proposition
 is evidenced by a multi-year backlog.
 As you'll see on the right, we have strong positions, sole source on two of the biggest
 new engine entrance and a 65% win rate on the other.
 While we acknowledge there's pressure on near-term demand for new aircraft,
 These stats demonstrate that customers see the value of GE technology.
 We're taking the right actions to be well-positioned for the post-pandemic world.
 Moving to health care, which consists of health care systems and PDX.
 In the second quarter to date, we're seeing increased demand for vital medical equipment
 and the diagnosis and treatment of COVID-19 within health care systems.
 Now, these product orders, including ventilators, have increased one-and-a-half to two times versus pre-pandemic levels.
 But at the same time, we're seeing reduced demand for other diagnostic products at certain
 procedures are deferred or canceled around the world. To be clear, these other diagnostics are
 still essential and often
 associated with saving lives
 in areas including oncology and cardiology
 but are currently deprioritized.
 PDX is a similar story.
 This is a high-margin business made up of contrast agents
 of nuclear tracers associated with procedures
 that are being deferred or canceled right now.
 Several HCS product lines, and most of PDX is down as much as 50% versus pre-pandemic levels.
 While these dynamics vary by country, there appears to be a pattern emerging
 is geographies experience different stages
 of the virus.
 Taking China, for example, as hospitals come back online, we're seeing a ramp in previously
 deferred procedures and increased
 demand for our equipment and consumables.
 Healthcare is accelerating its planned transformation to expand margins
 post-biopharma by reducing headcount, fixed costs,
 discretionary spend, and marketing spend,
 prioritizing R&D, deferring CapEx, and optimizing
 working capital. Looking forward, we're most
 focused on the following indicators for health care, hospital admission and
 occupancy rates, an increase in non-COVID-19 procedures, changes in hospital CAF-X budgets,
 It's government spending on health care broadly.
 and development of COVID-19 tests, treatments, and vaccines.
 Based on our experience in China and the market in April,
 We expect to be down in the second quarter with potential recovery afterwards.
 COVID-19 has highlighted the need to build and truly invest
 and scale a new digitized infrastructure and quickly.
 We're committed to our investment in our digital Edison platform
 and solutions like Neural Virtual Care Solution,
 which allows one clinician
 to remotely view numerous ventilated patients
 simultaneously
 helping to expand their capacity while reducing their risk of
 exposure.
 As our digital healthcare journey continues, we're at the center of an ecosystem striving for precision health.
 I'm very proud of the work our team is doing to combat COVID-19.
 Moving to power on slide 13, we'll talk to the current trending in the second quarter
 to date and dynamics
 at gas power and power portfolio.
 Starting with gas power equipment, while we're monitoring and managing supply chain disruptions,
 As of today, we still see a path to 45 to 50 gas turbine deliveries this year.
 but our orders profile and therefore cash down payments
 worth several hundred million dollars
 are likely weaker due to IPP pressures in the U.S. and Mexico
 is we expect that deal financing
 will become harder through the year.
 Additionally, with oil price pressure impacting Middle East
 and SSA investment, including demand for new LNG.
 we are expecting a longer road to normalization.
 Ultimately, we're sticking to our strategy of securing a lower-risk margin accretive backlog with disciplined execution.
 In services, approximately 20% of planned outages are shifting from the first half of this year due to COVID-19 field labor constraints.
 constraints. We're also seeing pressure on upgrades, primarily in the Middle East,
 where low oil prices are impacting customer budgets.
 We are seeing GE gas turbine utilization in the U.S. up mid-single digits due to low gas prices and the shift from coal.
 but utilization globally is down low double digits due to lower electricity demand.
 Within PowerPortfolio, our steam business is most impacted.
 Factory closures pressured our steam operations, including one facility in Wuhan,
 which was closed for approximately eight weeks in the first quarter.
 Today, we're back up to more than 70% of capacity.
 The global supply chain has also been disrupted by the shutdown in India,
 driven by government restrictions.
 Overall, we're seeing about 30% of outages shift from the first half of this year
 to the second half with another 10% to 15% pushing into next year.
 Our power businesses are taking several measures to offset these pressures.
 In the first quarter, we reduced headcount by 700, notified approximately 1,300 contractors,
 implemented a hiring freeze
 and in line with the demand profile, we are taking even further actions.
 This will serve to reduce fixed costs in 2020 and drive benefits in 2021.
 looking forward
 we're tracking a number of items, including timing of our gas turbine, new order closure,
 service outages and volume, fleet utilization is the energy mix,
 and fuel prices are impacting each region differently.
 supplier impacts, and project execution, billing milestones, and customer collections.
 We're targeting to have our accelerated cost-out measures drive organic margin
 and expansion despite these demand changes.
 Moving to slide 14 on renewables, there was a limited impact of COVID-19 in the first quarter,
 and our disappointing results continue to be largely about improving execution.
 As we've said, we think about renewables in three distinct operating pools.
 starting with onshore wind.
 while we continue to deliver at record levels in the Americas.
 We are seeing supply chain disruption at our LM wind facilities, and we're monitoring key commercial milestones, such as permitting and financing, which could potentially cause timing delays.
 In offshore wind, certification for our industry-leading turbine, the Holoyot X, remains on track.
 We're also on plan to start delivering on our 80-unit, 6-megawatt commitments to EDF.
 After completion of this project in 2021, we expect to start shifting production to the Holiad X.
 We're also monitoring financial closure of 2020 deals.
 Grid and hydro are two turnarounds.
 are impacted by supply chain disruptions
 with over half of our grid facilities now operating below full capacity.
 and at grid automation
 were also impacted by lower book-to-bill order conversion.
 Across all three of these pools, we're increasing cost down in restructuring,
 and we've identified several hundred million dollars of additional actions.
 Longer term, a lower cost structure will benefit renewables.
 Relating to the global supply chain, we're focused on the safe reopening of our plants
 globally, and then optimizing the
 workforce and plant load levels.
 Looking forward, we're expecting a larger impact from COVID-19 in the second quarter.
 And by business, we're tracking 20 and 21 demand impact on progress collections and potential site delays in onshore wind.
 the risk of financing delays associated with deals at offshore, project site delays,
 etc.
 and hydro in the back log
 at GRID. On slide 15, within GE Capital, our GCAS and insurance businesses are where we are feeling
 largest impacts, so I'll keep my comments focused there.
 First, GCAS is better positioned today than in previous downturns, with better asset quality, less customer concentration, and more geographic diversity.
 That said, we're preparing for elevated repossessions and redeployments, as well as lease
 restructurings. And we've had approximately 80% of our customers
 Seek short-term referrals.
 As you may have seen, we've agreed with going on a rebalancing of our 737 Max order book.
 Second, at insurance,
 market and rate
 volatility is impacting the current value of our investment
 portfolio and reinvestment yields.
 forward
 deploying capital to capture market dislocation
 investment opportunities.
 We're closely monitoring how this volatility will impact insurance this year.
 And similar to the industrial segments,
 for implementing incremental cost and cash actions.
 Looking forward, we continue to expect higher impairments
 and lower asset sales at GCAS and insurance.
 Our seasoned teams are working closely with our customers to navigate through this period.
 So to close, our priorities are clear.
 We rapidly mobilized our team in the face of COVID-19,
 with our top priority being the health and safety of our employees.
 And overall, the priorities we reviewed with you at the Outlook call remain intact.
 We're facing into our near-term realities
 while continuing to manage GE for the long term.
 When the world is facing the worst pandemic in a century,
 our team is rising to the challenge
 with humility, transparency, and focus.
 We continue to deliver value for our customers, enabling air carriers to transport essential goods,
 supplying vital health care equipment
 and keeping the lights on.
 And while there are many unknowns, there will be another side.
 Planes will fly again.
 Health care will normalize and modernize, and the world still needs more efficient, resilient energy.
 At the same time, we're embracing this new reality.
 we're redefining winning
 and we're executing
 our plan.
 The cost and cash and actions we've taken you through this morning are a major
 result.
 These moves will ultimately allow us to accelerate our multi-year transformation
 to make GE a stronger, nimbler, and more valuable company.
 and I am confident that GE will emerge stronger.
 With that, Steve, let's go to questions.
 Great. Before we open the line, I'd ask everyone in the queue to consider your fellow analysts again
 and ask one question in a follow-up
 so we can get to as many people as possible.
 Well, Brandon, can you please open the line?
 Thank you, sir.
 we'll now begin the question and answer session.
 If you have a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you'd like to be removed from the queue, please press the pound sign or the hash key.
 If you're on a speakerphone, please pick up your handset first before dialing.
 Once again, if you have a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 And from Vertical Research, we have Jeff Sprague.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
 I hope everyone is well.
 thanks for all the great
 Good morning, Jeff.
 good morning
 I was hoping you could
 provide a little bit of color on how you
 you know, kind of view the kind of the asset quality of the, you know,
 the contractual service agreements and the like.
 there's a lot of assets there
 Obviously, there's at least a temporary impairment of cash flows.
 How does that test work?
 Have you done it yet, and are you close to any particular thresholds there
 that we should be thinking about.
 Jeff, I think if we look at the service backlog, right, broadly just under $325 billion for
 the company, the vast majority of that, $234 billion, is in aviation.
 I suspect that's where you're most focused.
 We go through those backlog reviews and the CSA reviews on a regular basis.
 What we've done here over the last, we call it the last seven, eight weeks, is really tighten and quicken the review process that we do with the businesses, both at aviation and at GCAS.
 What we're trying to do is make sure we've got the latest and, if you will,
 most accurate information possible
 with respect to customer risk
 given everything that's going on.
 So we do that on a regular basis.
 We did that at the end of the first quarter in closing, much as we do every quarter.
 clearly we've got a
 we've got a fluid situation.
 And I think the modest charges that we took, the modest changes in the first quarter,
 clearly are going to play out
 as we go through the course of the year.
 We can't really scope that for you today.
 if you look at the CSA book in aviation for example
 as we went through the mechanics of the future billings,
 the future costs
 related to those billings.
 Based on the information at the time,
 and it was really just $100 million
 adjustment. Non-cash, of course,
 which is why you see a little bit of the earnings cash
 dynamic.
 Certainly, as we go forward, we're going to be updating those adjustments.
 And, again, we would expect that we would see more of that given what the airlines are doing with their planes.
 But I think it's important to keep in mind, again, these are 10- to 15-year agreements, as you know,
 and those adjustments are taken in the context of that particularly extended time period.
 Great. Thanks for that.
 And just as a follow-up, if I could, I know you don't want to get real precise on guidance,
 But, you know, you are pointing us to a further decline in cash flow in Q2, which isn't surprising, quite frankly.
 But could you bracket that at all for us, what we should expect for Q2?
 and, you know, any high-level thoughts on how the year plays out from the cash standpoint?
 point.
 Yeah, Jeff, I think that we took guidance off the table a few weeks back
 and didn't want to take an attempt at framing formal guidance here today
 in light of all that is flu and all that is still evolving here.
 And I think the tack we took was really to try to share as much with you as we
 possibly could in terms of
 the,
 uh,
 the,
 April detailed business by business
 and acknowledge that we're going to see a more challenging second quarter here
 given the full impact of COVID
 and the like but beyond that
 I think that's really where we are.
 we know we've got to get to work
 on the cost and the cash actions.
 That's why you see it's doubling that activity in aviation,
 stepping it up elsewhere around the company.
 So the $2 billion of cost, the $3 billion of cash will clearly help us later on in the year as those actions take root.
 But for today, I think that's really what we're – that's what we know, and that's what we're comfortable sharing.
 Great. Thanks. Best of luck, Larry. Thanks.
 Morgan Stanley, we have Josh Poker-Zwinski.
 Please go ahead.
 Josh, your line is open.
 might be a butte.
 Josh, are you there?
 why don't we
 Yeah, Brandon, let's move on and come back to Josh.
 Sure.
 Next question we have from Bank of America.
 We have Andrew Obin.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning.
 Good morning.
 Can you hear me, Andrew?
 Yep.
 See you, Andrew.
 Yeah, just a question.
 I can hear you.
 Thank you so much, and good luck to everybody.
 so run rate
 Minus 60% in terms of shop visits,
 It's 5% on CSAs.
 Do you think you continue to trend at this level in the second quarter, or is there a more downside?
 Andrew, the
 I think
 you're referring to page nine in the slide deck.
 But I think this is what we're seeing here.
 Yeah, I think this is what we're seeing right now, right?
 and given
 given what the carriers have said publicly
 what they're doing, we think these are good, likely near-end run rates to share with you.
 Again, we're not trying to offer up a definitive view as to the next several quarters,
 but this is what we're seeing right now
 in the second quarter, for sure.
 and
 my follow-up question on
 spare engine sales, I think
 minus 60%.
 Have we lost these or will these come back when the situation normalizes?
 maybe you can give us some sort of framework
 how to think about spare engine demand
 over the next couple of years.
 Thank you so much.
 Andrew, we were ramping spares with both the LEAP-1A and the LEAP-1B
 as the narrow body market was taking off
 typical early
 in the life of an engine activity
 we are clearly seeing that
 soften, not necessarily
 going to zero
 as preparations are being made for the return to service of the max, right?
 I don't think that
 opportunity is lost but I think
 like much of what we're seeing in aviation broadly,
 it will be pushed out for a few years.
 And, again, I don't think we're taking a definitive view as to what year,
 what quarter things get back
 to, if you will, a normalized
 2019 level, but we
 recognize
 the
 discussions out there
 about this being a multi-year recovery, gradual, slow.
 I think we're embracing that reality, and that applies really across the portfolio,
 both on the OE side as well as the aftermarket, spares included.
 thank you very much for all the detail and stay safe
 Thank you.
 From Milius Research, we have Scott Davis.
 Scott Davis, please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning, guys, and welcome, Carolina.
 Thank you.
 um
 Larry, and eat.
 Good morning, Larry.
 Any way to think about the cost actions as it relates to kind of structural versus more kind of pandemic short-term related?
 Sure.
 Well, I would say, Scott, as you well know, that when we're in a mode like this, you're moving as quickly as you possibly can almost anywhere that you can.
 So if you look at what we've announced at aviation, the doubling of those activities today,
 the broadening across the company.
 if you look at the tally today
 there is a decidedly short-term
 bias there that
 Carolina and I are going to be working with the CEOs over the coming weeks to
 transition to a more permanent
 action, right? If you look at what we did in aviation,
 for example in terms of the temporary lack of works
 That was a way to quickly adjust our cost structure in that business on a variable basis to these shockingly fast changes in demand.
 You might categorize that as temporary.
 we need to work through
 the changes on a more permanent basis that are required
 in light of the length of the recovery that we're looking at.
 So we have confidence in these numbers that we're sharing today, the $2 billion of costs, the $3 billion of cash.
 There's a bit of a tactical bias today just given how fresh this is,
 but we will be leaning in toward making more of them permanent,
 recognizing though at the end of the day there will be
 a bit of a mix, be it headcount-related, discretionary spend on the cost side, in addition
 to some of the working capital
 and certainly the CapEx reduction,
 and the Carolina reference, the 25% reduction year-on-year.
 So a lot going on, and by no means is these headlines today the end.
 It's very much a work in progress.
 Okay, that's helpful there.
 And when you think, you know, the $20 billion kind of came to you pretty much about perfect timing.
 But, you know, does that money just sit on the balance?
 Does it have to sit on the balance sheet pretty much as is for the year?
 or is it just such a big number
 you can start to parse some of it out to, you know,
 thinking in terms of whittling down
 some of the, you know, debt that you can
 You can manage.
 Well, it did come at a good time.
 There's no question.
 and that's why we put the emphasis in the biopharma setup on certainty.
 We wanted to take the market risk off the table relative to thinking through the health care options.
 Carolina, anything you want to add
 relative to managing liquidity versus leverage.
 right here.
 I think
 I think it's important to acknowledge that
 The world is different now compared to before COVID,
 and it's very important for us.
 Of course, leverage is important, but liquidity is very important.
 And we end the quarter with $47 billion cash, right?
 and that's really to cover
 18 billion of D&G capital
 a long-term debt maturity is now through 21.
 And actually, after the April actions, we are down to $13 billion of maturities for 2021,
 one, almost all of that in capital.
 And I would also say, you know, we expect to have around 20 billion in total credit lines going forward.
 and that's really in line with our risk appetite.
 have the new
 15 billion
 three-year RTF that I mentioned and five
 Belinda Tyler.
 will be on the
 20 billion
 credit line
 I think we'll just
 say that you know
 we're really in time to maintain a high level of cash.
 I would say to maximize flexibility
 and that's why we're taking
 these actions also to de-risk or balance sheet and basically prudently manage our liquidity in these
 very challenging
 external environmental time.
 that makes sense
 and thank you
 Good luck to you guys.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Scott.
 Be well.
 and let's try
 Josh Porker-Zwinski again from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Hi, guys.
 Can you hear me this time?
 Yes.
 Clearly, Josh, good morning.
 Awesome.
 and hope everyone is as well
 to echo earlier comments
 Larry, can you just give us a sense?
 and I know you guys have data going back eons in aviation,
 how the impact of retirements and cannibalizations
 kind of make more of a
 u-shape versus you know what you know the the air traffic may look like is is there a natural lag
 between when folks start flying again
 and when shop visits can happen
 just as a function of kind of using up some of the run time on otherwise idled assets?
 Well, Josh, certainly we have revisited the history.
 the team is
 well versed in what we have seen
 in years past.
 I'm not sure we've seen anything kind of on par with this.
 but there's no question that there's going to be a bias on the part of some
 as some of these fleet reductions play out
 to retire
 some of the older
 aircraft
 and that will factor into the aftermarket,
 much like some of the dynamics around green time
 and how here in the short term folks try to preserve cash,
 carriers who try to preserve cash in their business.
 So I'm not sure that there is necessarily an exact model
 that captures what all the carriers and aggregate are going to do here,
 a model that offers great precision.
 I think we do know that the combination of these factors is going to create pressure for us here in the short term.
 I think what's most important for our business really is cycles, much more so than revenue passenger miles.
 And as we see schedules come back, as we work our way through the pandemic, that will put us back on, I think, better footing.
 But here in the short term, I think we're acknowledging that we're going to see shop visits and CSA billings take on some real pressure due to the downturn.
 Understood.
 So thanks, I'll leave it there.
 From J.P. Morgan, we have Steve Tusa.
 Please go ahead.
 Josh.
 Hey, guys.
 Good morning.
 Hey, Steve.
 Good morning.
 in
 In early March, you guys had that slide that showed $2 to $4 billion in free cash flow guidance,
 which is obviously off the table, but you also talked about things growing in, you know, 21 and 22
 and, you know, off that kind of $3 billion
 dollar base. I think most
 research and
 numbers I saw were kind of in that
 you know,
 $6 billion range of free cash flow.
 So it's a kind of growth off of that level.
 are we still
 like
 Are the out-year numbers
 still at all
 legit or is that
 you know
 are
 Are you kind of withdrawing that long-term outlook as well?
 well.
 Steve, I think we have admittedly been focused on taking the right actions, both the cost,
 the cash, the balance sheet actions here in the short term
 in the face of this unprecedented pandemic.
 We've taken guidance off for the year.
 We're not putting it back on today.
 just given the
 given the undue
 uncertainty of it all, right?
 So I don't think we're trying to get out any further than that.
 I appreciate the question, but I think for purposes of today, we're really just trying
 to frame for folks what we're seeing.
 But that said, however long it takes us to work through this,
 I think we feel very good about our ability to come out stronger
 and get back on a positive cash flow growth trajectory.
 Got it.
 Carolina.
 everything.
 you would add to that?
 Well, no, I think it's important
 to acknowledge that by taking out
 costs now and part of it being
 structural, that gives us sort of, as well as mitigating the
 decrementals that helps
 improving the incrementum
 The
 The outer years, I mean, that will depend on the recovery on the industries as well.
 So that's
 I would say well it's been possible to speak to today
 right
 And I guess how much on that structural cost side?
 Yeah, go ahead.
 Yeah, no, I'm just, just one, one other point I think worth mentioning.
 I mean, I think what we're acknowledging here is that assistance played out in March and what we're seeing already in April, right?
 But it really is hitting us from a mixed perspective hard.
 our highest margin businesses
 are really feeling it here
 I would think that on the
 recovery
 we would see
 we would see it swing the other way.
 when we get back
 and come off a bottom, we should have positive
 of a mix effect, really across the board,
 particularly in aviation and health care.
 um
 Your second question, Steve, is relative to the cost actions
 and how much permanent, how much not permanent?
 Yeah, I know.
 I guess, how much is that going to cost you?
 I mean, like, you know, to come up with $2 billion to $3 billion of cost in cash,
 You know, you've done – you cut your restructuring last year pretty significantly
 needed a couple hundred million
 in the first quarter.
 I mean, most companies kind of one for one.
 And how much is this stuff going to cost you this year on a cash basis?
 Yeah, I think what we have said previously is we were going to be down off of last year
 from an expense and from a cash perspective.
 I think we're probably going to end up more or less in line, right?
 keep in mind that some of the cross actions like
 furloughs
 don't carry a restructuring charge with that, right?
 because they aren't permanent
 And so part of what we're trying to do is squeeze out some of the temporary costs.
 But all the while, if we can make more structural moves,
 we want to make sure we've got room to do that.
 But I'd say right now, assume that it would be relatively flat year on year.
 but as Carolina indicated in her remarks,
 And we want to try to do more if we can.
 Great.
 All right, thanks a lot.
 Best of luck, guys.
 Thanks, Dave.
 From UBS, we have Marcus Smittermeyer.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, Larry, Carolina, and Steve.
 Let me maybe follow up on the idea.
 Marcus, good morning.
 hey good morning
 within the year
 so in your
 10Q, you referenced
 the Yata numbers of 48%
 RPK reduction is
 is
 an
 I know obviously fly dollars and RTKs are two different stories,
 but is that sort of a kind of scenario that you're playing through internally?
 and I'm just trying to get a sense
 what that would mean if we look at our sort of
 like 19 aviation
 cash as a baseline sort of like
 where, you know, on that type of scenario,
 we could end up particularly
 looking at what you've mentioned
 and then you prepared in your remarks that you have, I think,
 62% of engines still ahead of Shop Visit 1,
 which arguably are the engines that are on the narrow bodies coming back first
 because they're probably the youngest
 the youngest in the fleet.
 just trying to get a sense for within the year
 how you're thinking about that.
 Well, I think that given what we highlighted relative to the April experience
 and the near-term projection of that
 there's no question that we're going to continue to see the pressure on cash at aviation that we've seen here of late.
 And that will be undoubtedly our biggest headwind.
 No, sure, but, you know,
 you know
 shop visit be heard
 sort of the numbers that you
 that you said
 but did you do sort of internal stress tests around where you could end up
 Or is that just something that you say is too early to comment?
 No, no, no.
 there's
 plenty
 there's plenty of
 of
 planning for
 again
 an extended
 uh
 slowdown here. We're embracing this reality to the fullest extent possible. We are not expecting
 this to bounce back
 in the near term.
 so we
 we
 We flag in the queue the IATA numbers.
 We also reference others.
 You see it in our own departure data here in April, right?
 we are
 We are way down.
 that has a direct feed into shop visits, CSA billings, and the like.
 So we're adapting to this new environment, confident that it will recover.
 But, Marcus, we're simply not trying to assume that the pressure abates anytime soon.
 witness the cost
 and the cash actions that we're taking.
 Sure.
 Okay, no, I appreciate that.
 And maybe as a follow-up quickly on the capital side,
 Do you anticipate any change in the capital support there for insurance in particular?
 So you referenced that a little bit in the prepared remarks.
 I think 2 billion is sort of the current number.
 how are you thinking about that at the moment?
 on the parents support
 to Capiton
 and on the insurance.
 let's take a step back then
 So in 19, the capital had an infusion from GE of $4 billion, right?
 And the estimate for this year is $2 billion on insurance funding.
 and those two
 billion, you know,
 significantly lower than the
 before. We estimated
 that the parent will need to support roughly in line with it.
 Some variables are still open, and that depends on G Capital itself, right?
 to do capital earnings,
 the LRT, the capital and the assets, liquidity levels.
 But basically, it's about $2 billion, as it looks now.
 and I would also say
 going forward
 into supporting
 them for
 follow-up.
 to anticipate further funding, and that will be, again,
 through a combination of G Capital itself with their asset sales, liquidity, and their future earnings.
 and on top of that, possible capital contributions from the team.
 Thank you.
 From Cohen and Company, we have Guatan Khanna.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Good morning, guys.
 Good morning.
 Two questions.
 Good morning.
 So at aviation, it sounds like you guys acknowledge that on the way up, the spares business, the aftermarket, the $15 billion commercial aftermarket business will lag ASM growth because of, you know, a younger fleet emerging, you know, a surge of used serviceable material and the like part outs.
 and obviously lower spares provisioning as the OE rates come down 30% to 50%.
 I guess first question is, when do you anticipate
 aviation free cash flow
 getting to break even?
 is it even possible
 before calendar 22
 in that type of environment.
 And then I have a follow-up.
 I'm not sure we would buy into the premise per se, right?
 I mean, we are a cycles business, much more so than any other indicator,
 and those cycles
 are going to have to come back
 before the passengers do.
 it
 As you indicated, the age of the fleet will help us over time.
 There could be some short-term headwinds, but we'll see how that plays out.
 I think
 what we're acknowledging here
 that we've been hit
 from a free cash perspective
 in our
 our
 our biggest and best cash generator at aviation.
 but we're really not
 getting into
 much more
 much more in terms of the pre-cash forecast on a multi-year basis.
 It's just too soon.
 and there's just too many moving pieces for us to be that forward-leaning at this point.
 We wish we could be.
 It's just not where we are.
 Okay.
 Okay, and just to follow up, you know, obviously 2020 is a tough year.
 we're going to have some cash burn
 2021
 One, unclear, but certainly doesn't seem like in aviation we're going to have a strong recovery.
 any
 So as we emerge from this, we're going to have, you know, more leverage.
 and I guess the question is
 You guys have made some asset sales to deleverage.
 What else besides cost reduction can you do?
 do.
 Um...
 to get the balance sheet better, faster.
 Is there any other things that you guys are exploring or that you might explore
 that's different than what you've done over the past year.
 Thank you.
 Well, I would...
 I'm not sure I would say that there's a lot that is...
 Please, Carolina.
 Well, I was going to say that to do things that we haven't done.
 I would say.
 A couple of years.
 Yeah, well, I would just say at a high level, we are committed to our deleveraging target of less than two and a half times on the industrial side.
 and I think you've seen us
 make a lot of progress year to date, which I hope underscores the seriousness of that
 objective, both on the GE side,
 right, like it's 7 billion
 of debt reductions in the quarter
 and that capital, I think it's up to 10 on a year-to-date basis
 given some of the things we did in April.
 Clearly, it's going to take us a while longer here to hit those targets,
 like I suspect most
 companies. But in terms
 of doing anything new or different,
 I think we're going to continue to try to run these businesses as best we can,
 be as disciplined as we can on the capital front.
 be smart and thoughtful
 relative to some of the other obligations
 like pension as you've seen us
 relative to the plan design and some of the settlement options.
 So I'm not sure they're necessarily new plays per se, but we'll continue to look at every
 and every option available to continue to strengthen the company,
 and strengthen the balance sheet,
 bring those leverage levels down
 in the face of COVID-19.
 Carolina I'm sorry I jumped in there
 Anything to add there?
 I would just add
 the leverage
 comment also the liquidity that a time
 like this you know you do look at the liquidity and i think it's important to say that we really
 want to maintain a high
 I love it.
 to maximize the flexibility.
 And you have seen the de-risking activities that we've made to sort of push out the death
 for the years
 So we keep optionality.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, and I
 but I think to that
 and it's just important for us all to remember
 we ended the quarter with $47 billion of liquidity on the back of the biopharma action
 and some of the other things that we have done.
 So we'll continue to be nimble and flexible, mindful of our obligations and our reality.
 Okay.
 From Barclays, we have Julian Mitchell.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning.
 Good morning.
 Maybe just a question
 Good morning, Julian.
 good morning
 Maybe just the first question around the working capital dynamics
 and the free cash flow at Aviation.
 because I guess
 You know, there's a lot of industrial businesses
 where when you get this rapid sales downdraft,
 you get a working capital cash offset to an extent,
 and then it reverses whenever the sales come back.
 Could you just update us on how you see the working capital cash impact at GE Aviation
 sort of in the early stages now in this downturn,
 what you would expect to happen to working capital
 when things recover
 and if there's any major difference on the cache dynamics of the power-by-the-hour type service
 relative to the ad hoc spares activity in aviation.
 MR.
 I mean, I would say.
 Yes, sir.
 Yeah, with respect to working capital,
 uh
 I think our primary challenge is really inventory at aviation, right?
 We came into this year knowing we were going to have to adjust to a different schedule
 with the MAX chasing the step-up at Airbus with the 320neo
 So while dealing with a good bit of past due on the commercial side,
 both OE and
 aftermarket
 while having pretty good military demand
 to contend with.
 That all gets reset here.
 And one of the real pressures we saw from a cash flow perspective was in inventory at aviation in the quarter.
 So that's where we're going to be most focused, trying to make sure that we reduce the delinquencies,
 adjust to these production schedules, the lower aftermarket
 requirements while continuing to take care of the military
 business
 it
 you know
 That's a complex supply chain undertaking, but the team, as you can imagine, is keenly
 focus on using some of the lean tools, working with our supply base
 to make sure that we not only take the cost out of the business
 but bring those inventory levels down in light of current demand.
 current demand.
 But should we expect, so I guess I understand.
 I'm sorry, Julian, this is...
 Yeah.
 Is there a second part of your question?
 I may have missed that.
 Yeah, so it's trying to understand, I guess,
 you know in aviation you have the
 you have the drop
 an EBITDA in a downturn, then the recovery
 in EBITDA
 in the early part of the upturn.
 I was just trying to understand on working capital, is that cash impact counter-cyclical or is it pro-cyclical?
 So you're getting a working capital outflow through the downturn as well as the EBITDA decline.
 Thank you.
 I understand the high-level dynamic there that you're alluding to.
 I think right now the simple reality of aviation, given the pressures and the cross currents,
 is that it is a negative, and we need to work to improve it.
 how much of a tailwind
 could it be
 kind of at this point in the cycle
 I think it's too early to tell
 we've got to get on the improvement
 path first, Julian, to be able to
 take that
 potential and
 and deliver it in the financials as a reality.
 Thank you.
 And then my second question was just around the,
 operational issues
 So I think it sounds like the cost-out tailwind should build through the year,
 But in Q1, you had some operational issues in power on the service side,
 steep decrementals
 even with the fixed cost down
 16% renewables
 the margins were down despite a big revenue increase.
 So I guess what's the conviction that operational inefficiencies will not swallow up a lot of these cost savings over the balance of the year?
 Well, I think you have to take it business by business, right?
 if you look at what happened in power
 clearly the
 the push out
 by customers because of their own site restrictions
 and by us on the back of the travel restrictions
 really pushed a lot of high-margin
 uh
 revenue out of the quarter
 and probably out of the first half.
 That was on top of some cost pressures of our own making, which we need to improve upon.
 But I think in power, I believe that the team is doing a very nice job
 I'm working off the so-called inheritance taxes,
 driving real cost improvements.
 You see that in the headcount reductions here in the first quarter.
 and as we get to a more normalized service environment,
 I think you'll continue to see that turnaround continue to take flight.
 I think in renewables, Julian, it's a different dynamic.
 Yes, we had phenomenal revenue growth in the quarter,
 doubled the onshore turbine deliveries here in the U.S.,
 got a little bit better price,
 down by a point of price, which is
 encouraging to see, but it is by nature
 a very low gross margin business
 so the growth isn't high-calorie, unfortunately.
 we had a few
 what we think are one-offs
 but they're not one-offs until they go away permanently.
 cost and
 execution issues, all the while
 the turnarounds in hydro and grid
 are I think
 moving forward but it's early days
 and they have
 a number of inheritance taxes
 that will take a few years
 to work through.
 So I think the cost actions that we have talked about today will accelerate those turnarounds in power and renewables.
 They're dealing with different dynamics in the respective businesses,
 and that's really why I think I have
 the confidence to say
 that you should expect
 a decremental margin sequentially to improve the restructuring
 and the cost actions should present themselves in improved decrementals in the back half.
 But we've got work to do to make that happen.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 From Wolf Research, we have Nigel Coey.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks, Julian.
 Thanks.
 Good morning, everyone.
 and Carina
 Great to see you on board.
 So, look, we appreciate all the color in the slides.
 You bet.
 additional color in the queue.
 So, Larry, is it now a base case that industrial free cash flow will be negative
 and maybe just address the risk of significant cash burn this year?
 or is there enough on the cost out
 and the working capital side
 to maybe mitigate some of that pressure
 and keep industrial-free cash relatively steady.
 I think what
 I think what we're trying to
 share this morning, Nigel,
 is that
 probably three things.
 One, we've been hit hard and fast here, right, in some of our most important highest margin businesses,
 be it aviation in services particularly, gas power services, PDX in health care.
 we think that that gets worse before it gets better
 particularly here in the second quarter with a full effect.
 It's uncertain as to how things play out from here.
 We're going to acknowledge that uncertainty.
 hence the
 uh,
 the,
 the pulling
 of the guide, but we're not going to sit back and hope that it all passes.
 We're not going to take the view that we've got a sharp B bounce coming,
 hence the $2 billion of cost actions we've talked about
 and the $3 billion of cash hashes.
 We're going to do everything we possibly can to control our destiny here
 without impairing the long-term value
 in the long-term trajectory of our company.
 so
 we're telling you what we know today
 we wish we knew more
 but that is really the state of play right now
 and the approach, the headset that we're taking to it.
 Okay, I appreciate that, Larry.
 Thanks.
 And then, you know, I thought one of the real highlights of the quarter was the underlying strength of the health care margins, you know, even ex-biopharma, especially given some of the headwinds you face in there.
 So we're seeing strength in small equipments and pressure in big iron.
 How does that mix look, though?
 When you look at the mix on smaller patient monitoring equipment, et cetera, versus the big iron,
 How does that equipment mix play out to the margins?
 Well, we certainly – I think the key thing to keep in mind, Nigel, is the big iron certainly got hit.
 the lower
 lower ticket
 the lower price points
 be it patient monitors, ventilators, and the like,
 certainly got quite a boost.
 but it's a small
 it's a small part of the,
 of the of the business
 So there was a little bit of mix there, but not a lot.
 It was really more a function, frankly, of the team doing a nice job more broadly,
 recognizing that absent biopharma
 we needed to
 tend to the core cost
 structure in all its form in the HCS business, right?
 We've been growing health care, biopharma leading the way.
 We got some good margin support from that business the last several years.
 Well, now as we think about the $17 billion core, the team's really, I think,
 put their
 cites the last couple of quarters on
 growing that business, growing
 it with a creative margin and it's
 really the cumulative effect that I think you
 see a bit here in the first quarter
 before we
 got hit.
 They got hit a little bit later, not as much.
 You'll see more of that, unfortunately, here in the second quarter.
 But I think you've got a team who thinks that, like many other medtech companies,
 is they can load it mid-single digits over time
 and put more digital into the mix, better cost,
 That should give us the opportunity to grow with accretive margins along the lines of what Karen laid out in December.
 And I have no less conviction about their ability to do that today than we did
 when we made that presentation.
 and, again, mindful that we've got some gyrations here in the near term to deal with.
 Right. Okay, thanks, Larry. Good luck.
 Okay.
 Thanks, Nigel.
 Well, hey, Brandon, we are at the bottom of the hour.
 so Brandon
 we're at the
 bottom of the hour, so we can just take one more question.
 Sure.
 from RBC Capital Markets.
 We have Dean DeRay.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 good morning everyone
 wishing everyone good health and
 I'd like to add my welcome to Carolina.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, Dean.
 Good morning.
 Just two questions, both aviation.
 aviation, a lot of discussion about
 structural cost out and Larry
 be interested in how have you balanced
 the
 the structural
 cost out in aviation
 with rifts and balancing the rifts and furloughs versus how you might be compromising the ability
 to bounce back
 when it does ramp back up.
 So that's the first question.
 And then the second one, just to make sure I heard it correctly, did you quantify the leap cancellations in the quarter?
 I know there's delivery deferrals.
 Our experience in 2008 was that you did not see many outright engine cancellations
 because customers would lose that nonrefundable deposit.
 So what's the expectation here in terms of engine cancellations?
 That's it for me.
 Thank you.
 Dean, maybe I'll take the first part of that
 and perhaps Carolina can take the second.
 I think we are
 mindful
 ever mindful
 that there will be a recovery, right?
 and we want to be well-positioned for it.
 because it's going to be very good business for GE for four decades.
 But I think we are really trying to, again, embrace our reality
 and take the cost actions in the aftermarket business
 and more broadly at aviation, mindful that we've got a period of time here of an unknown duration,
 but it's not going to be measured in months, right?
 where that business is going to be under considerable pressure.
 so after a period of time
 is the aftermarket
 It has grown as it has the last decade.
 this is going to give us an opportunity to rethink
 to consolidate
 all the while
 mindful of our
 obligations to customers, the nature of how the footprint has changed,
 the changes that are probably still coming.
 So there are a number of variables.
 it's very much
 a work in progress as well,
 but I think we've got line of sight to build on some of the temporary actions
 to take permanent action
 to make sure that we have a lean cost structure
 with adequate capacity
 to come out
 of the downturn here, well-positioned to perform both for customers and for investors.
 Thank you.
 We will now turn it back to Steve Winokur for closing remarks.
 Or do you want me to answer the question on?
 Yeah.
 Go ahead, Carolee.
 Yes, I would.
 Go ahead.
 Go ahead, Carolina.
 yeah you were right because i actually mentioned that in my in my notes that in our backlog which
 was flat sequentially and up 22% verses per year.
 that did include roughly 200 loop 1B unit
 or the translations in the quarter.
 I would say the progress of the funds are very small so far.
 but on top of that
 you also have
 or GCaS, right?
 So we have GCS cancellation of 69 aircrafts in April.
 So that will be reflected in the second quarter aviation backlog.
 Thank you.
 Great. Thanks, everybody.
 I know it's a long call and a busy day, so if you need more, just reach out to us, and best of luck.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 and this concludes today's conference.
 Thank you for joining, and you may now disconnect.
 Thank you.