 Welcome to Sone's first nine months of 2021 results conference call.
 During the introduction, hosted by Mr. Joel Dolores, SONE CFO, all participants will be
 on listen-only mode.
 After the introduction, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 If any participant has difficulty in hearing the conference at any time, please make sure you have yours fully plugged in or alternatively calling from a different device.
 If you go to ask a question during the Q&A course of the day, then you may do so by pressing
 star 1 on your
 telephone keypad
 I'll now hand over to our host, Mr. Joao Dolores.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you.
 Hi, everyone.
 thank you for attending
 SunEye's Q3
 results
 conference call.
 I am joined today by Rui Almeida from Sun IMC,
 Paulo Simões from Vorten,
 Hugo Martins
 From Sonic Fashion
 Luís Mota Duarte from Sonai Fiera
 Cristina Novaes from Sonai Investment Management
 and obviously our investor relations team.
 As usual, I will do a brief presentation with an overview of our performance in the quarter
 and also in the first five months of the year.
 And afterwards, we will open up the session for Q&A.
 Starting with the market context, very briefly, as you all know, we continue to live under
 some restrictions and direct impacts
 from the pandemic during the quarter,
 but already with very encouraging improvements over the last few months.
 The vaccination rates in both Portugal and Spain are quite high, and therefore the public
 health context remained largely
 under control, which enabled a gradual return to normality.
 And before we dive into the operational performance, I would like to give you an overview of our
 most recent portfolio management activity.
 so this was a
 a particularly active quarter for Sonai
 as we announced a major deal in the beginning of August
 by establishing a partnership with CDC,
 in which we sold
 24.99% stake
 Office on IMC for an initial upfront value of 528 million euros.
 We also acquired GOSH, a UK plant-based food manufacturer, which allows SONAI to invest in a high-potential sector while expanding our international footprint and driving a more sustainable future.
 and in addition
 and also during the quarter, Sun IMC sold its 50% stake in MaxMet,
 and Sun-IIM monetized its interests in BizDirect and CD4
 and also entered
 in the share capital of SitCon.
 So now, going to the operational results.
 starting with
 for some IMC.
 for some IMC this was another
 positive quarter with a
 strong delivery from the food
 format and also a robust recovery of the non-food format after a long period of restrictions
 which impacted these banners quite significantly.
 Total turnover grew 5.3% year-on-year and 2.3% like-for-like in Q3.
 the exact same
 evolution as in the first half of the year
 on the back of a very good trading performance of 2020.
 In food retail, we continue to gain market share and increase our leadership gap, having posted positive like-for-like growth across all formats.
 The online business also continued to grow, having reached a 40% year-on-year increase
 in the first nine months of the year, proving that our digital approach is being well-recognized
 by our customers, and also
 translating into higher loyalty levels which
 significant B-impact store sales.
 Regarding profitability,
 Sona MC maintained a broadly stable underlying EBITDA,
 margin of
 10.9% in the quarter.
 on the back of productivity gains
 and the permanent fine-tuning of its core business processes,
 in spite of some pressures that were felt in terms of energy costs.
 In the first nine months of 2021, the Longevity A improved 6.1% year-on-year overall to 384 million
 with a margin of 9.9%.
 also continued to execute on its
 expansion strategy with seven additional
 Continent Bondia stores, the proximity
 format, but also refurbishing
 a number of food retail
 units while
 investing in the reinforcement of its
 logistical capacity and also its technological background.
 In terms of free cash flow, the company reached 169 million euros in the first five months
 of the year, an additional $42 million when compared to last year, also driven by the
 conclusion of the sale of the 50%
 taking MaxMath, which represented a cash-in of 68 million euros.
 This cash flow generation led to a reduction in net debt of just over 100 million euros
 to $453 million, even after the dividend payment of $140 million in the second quarter of this
 year.
 So, total net debt to an aligner with DA reached an all-time low of 2.9 times.
 Moving on to Vorten.
 S-Vort and Q3 was also a quite positive period for the business.
 Vorton ended the quarter with a 7.2%
 like-for-like growth, clearly showing
 the company's solid
 and recognize
 omni-channel value proposition, including the marketplace and also a significant growth
 in the services business line, leading to the reinforcement of its leadership in Portugal.
 In terms of total sales, Vorton reached 285 million euros in Q3,
 a slight decrease here on year of 3%, which is basically explained by the repositioning
 of the operation in Spain, mainland.
 on a pro forma basis.
 so excluding
 this movement
 consolidated turnover increased 8% year-on-year in the quarter.
 In year-to-date terms, total turnover increased 3.6% year-on-year,
 a 12% like-for-like increase
 just over
 reaching
 just over 800 million euros
 in the first nine months.
 The online channel continued to perform extremely well, I would say,
 and at the end
 of the first nine months
 growth was already above 30%
 versus 2020, which was already an extraordinary year for our e-commerce operation.
 So, overall, online sales grew by a factor of three since 2019.
 Regarding profitability, underlying EBITDA reached 20 million years in Q3 and 51 million
 years up to September, a level
 of profitability, which is
 a
 factor of both our top
 line positive performance
 and also the
 repositioning process that we executed in Spain.
 regarding
 some
 I
 fashion, Q3 was
 marked by a sales performance that was increasingly positive throughout the quarter as COVID-19
 related restrictions were gradually lifted.
 Still, total turnover reached 95 million euros in the quarter,
 a 6% year-on-year decrease,
 which reflects a weaker-than-expected recovery of footfall in sales performance
 after the reopening of stores in Portugal.
 in year-to-date terms
 and despite all the restrictions to store operations
 in the beginning of the year,
 Sonai Fashion's total turnover stood at 230 million euros,
 almost in line with 2020, which is a positive sign in our view.
 in terms of profitability
 I would like to highlight that Sony Fashion was able to post an underlying DTA of 8 million
 euros in the quarter, which means
 that the year-on-year evolution in
 year-to-date terms is still quite positive.
 As for Iberian Sports Retail Group, the latest quarter showed another very positive set of
 results, both versus last year
 but also versus 2019.
 total
 growth versus 2019 actually
 we reached 32%.
 with the online channel remaining an important growth avenue for the company.
 So total e-commerce sales increased by a factor of four since 2019.
 and this is still before
 the consolidation of
 Depar Village, the acquisition
 that was made in
 at the end of June, beginning of July,
 which will only impact revenues in the coming quarter.
 So, overall, the last nine months registered top-line levels above both last year and 2019 figures, as I said before,
 with total turnover reaching 590 million euros,
 a double-budget increase of 26% year-on-year
 and of 18% versus the nine months in 2019.
 Regarding AbitDA, once again, the top-line improvement was able to drive
 the program.
 And in the last nine months,
 EBITDA improved by 51 million euros year-on-year
 and 20 million years versus the same period of 2019.
 So this resulted in an EBTA margin improvement to 11.5%.
 All in all, the contribution of ISRG to SunEye's results in Q3 reached 6.7 million euros,
 above both 2020 and 2019 figures.
 This performance has carried on to August and September, with ISRG showing growth and
 profitability enhancements
 in line with the ones
 that we saw in previous months across all channels and geographies.
 Going forward and looking at Sun-Eye Sierra.
 SunEye Sierra's operational activity showed steady progress during Q3.
 following the improvement
 of the pandemic context and also the relief
 or restrictions
 in our main European geographies.
 In this context, occupancy rates remained high, and tenant sales were already very close
 to 2019 levels in the European portfolio at the end of the quarter, and in some assets
 even above
 2019 levels.
 The services business line delivered a positive evolution in the quarter,
 showing significant signs of returning to a more normalized activity.
 And if we look on a proportional accounting basis,
 direct result in Q3
 stood at 12 million
 years in the quarter, already practically in line
 with 2019, and 23 million euros in the first nine months of the year, which compares with
 5 million
 years last
 year.
 indirect result in the court
 it was practically flat, as we typically do not revalue
 assets in Q3
 and all in all
 net income
 reached 6 million euros in the first nine months of the year, which represents a year-on-year
 increase of 26 million units.
 NEV increased marginally to 913 million euros, and LTV remained at quite conservative levels.
 At Sonai Financial Services, the performance of Sonai Financial Services,
 performance was overall positive in operational terms.
 the main leading indicators showed sustained improvements
 after the relief in restrictions
 and also the gradual increase in consumer confidence.
 The universal operation continued to increase its customer base.
 the number of cards
 issue, the number of users that reached
 circa 936,000
 an increase of $23,000 versus the previous quarter,
 and the efforts to develop the digital front
 continued and today
 circa 60% of universal
 card clients are already digital users.
 The market share in the universal card continued to increase
 and reached 14% year-on-year in Portugal, year-to-date,
 which compares to 13.5% for the same period of last year.
 In terms of financial results,
 Sona SS delivered a total consolidated turnover of 9 million euros in the quarter,
 in line with last year
 and only slightly below 2019.
 In terms of profitability, results are still subdued given the transition stage
 which we are living in, going into the new business model with Blankoos CTT.
 A special note to MDS, which has been posting very positive results with significant increases
 both in top-line and operating profitability
 when compared to 2020 and also to 2019.
 so all in all in proportional terms
 and considering the 50% stake in MDS turnover
 for the first nine months of the year stood at
 49 million euros, slightly below
 last year, and then the line of ETA was
 practically nil, given the transition stage I mentioned before.
 at Solifest with Banco CTP.
 Thank you.
 Moving on to Sony AM, Q3 was another quarter with important developments
 in the portfolio management front
 with the conclusion of the sale of BizDirect and CB4 during the quarter,
 which resulted in capital gains of around 10 million euros.
 And also in the first nine months of the year,
 Sony IM concluded the acquisition
 of a minority stake in a new company
 SitCon, which specializes
 in technology for retail.
 In terms of operational performance,
 Son IAM recorded better top-line and underlying ABTA figures versus 2020.
 and in the first nine months of the year,
 Total turnover increased by 6.4% year-on-year to 43 million euros.
 and underlying IPA also continue to improve.
 So today, with a total cash invested of 150 million euros in the current portfolio,
 as of September, the company's NAV amounts to 324 million units.
 moving
 on to North.
 North
 continue to post a solid operational
 performance in the telco segment, and the media and entertainment segment was marked
 by a strong recovery
 due to a steady return of people to movie theaters.
 Turnover amounted to 366 million euros in Q3, 5.6% above last year.
 The second consecutive quarter of growth since the fourth quarter of 2019,
 leading to a turnover increase
 of 3.1% year on year
 in the first nine months, just above
 1 billion euros. Profitability follows the same trend
 with an ABTA increase in Q3 of 6.6% year-on-year.
 And in year-to-date terms, 1.4% to 478 million euros, which leads to a margin of 46%.
 Net income increased by $2 million year-on-year to $46 million in Q3 and increased by more
 than 50% in year-to-date terms to 120 million euros in the first nine months, which obviously
 implies an increased contribution to our accounts.
 The company continues to show a conservative leverage profile
 with a net debt to the TA after lease payments of 1.7 times
 and maintains an investment-grade profile.
 I would obviously like to highlight that already in October
 and after 200 days of bidding,
 the auction
 for the allocation
 of the 5G frequencies ended
 with not acquiring the largest fraction of the spectrum's release
 and in all possible bands, which positions the business very well
 to lead the 5G revolution in Portugal.
 So, in consolidated terms,
 turnover surpassed
 5 billion euros in the first nine months of the year, an increase of 4.7% year-on-year,
 mainly fueled by the positive
 contributions
 from Sun IMC and
 and Thornton as well.
 Similarly, the Langebitt DA increased 6% year-on-year to €415 million in the first nine months, above last year by €22 million.
 euros.
 Totally a bit
 yeah in the
 first nine months of the year was
 positively impacted by the capital gains
 that I mentioned before
 related with the sale of MaxMAT S&IMC,
 and also the sales of BizDirect, CB4, and articles, which happened in Q2, at SunIIM.
 All in all, EBITDA reached 531 million euros, standing significantly above last year,
 driven by the better underlying operational profitability,
 but also obviously by the
 significant level of capital gains and the recovery of equity methods
 consolidating businesses.
 As a consequence, direct results reached
 169
 million
 euros
 as of
 September versus
 $14 million last year, while indirect income also improved
 versus 2020.
 All in all, net income reached 158 million euros this year, significantly above last
 is figured, but also significantly above
 2019. In terms
 of operational cash flow.
 So nice, Portugal.
 released a total of 120 million euros
 during the last 12 months.
 If we add to this the free cash flow generated in our portfolio management activity,
 some nice pre-cash
 before dividends paid stood at 555 million years in the last 12 months,
 which, after the dividend payments, which occurred last May,
 led to a significant
 decrease in our consolidated net debt to 858 million years at the end of September and
 to an all-time low LTV of 9%.
 This solid capital structure is obviously complemented with a comfortable financing position
 with a low cost of debt of 1.1%
 and an average
 I'm going to smoke
 maturity profile of 3.4 years.
 So this is it from me for now.
 I will now open the session to Q&A
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now.
 As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question,
 please press star on your telephone keypad now.
 When preparing to ask your question, please ensure your device is unmuted locally.
 Okay.
 Our first question comes from Joal Pinto from JB Capital.
 Shual, your line is now open
 Hello everyone
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 firstly on
 capital allocation, what do you
 tend to do with your own shares?
 will you keep them to use as liquidity
 to invest in the future
 or would you consider
 a cancellation.
 Secondly, also on capital allocation, following the Sun IMC view, I imagine you're looking
 for alternatives to invest.
 we know you are not in a rush
 but can you tell us if you are already seeing good candidates to acquire,
 including the sectors
 or nothing
 in the pipeline at the moment.
 Sir, on SunAMC, like for like, keep solid despite the test comps.
 Can you tell us if it remained positive in October?
 and also on SunAMC.
 Can you give us some color on OPEC's pressures and the competitive environment?
 and how do you see margin evolving next year?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Joanne, for your questions.
 I will take the first ones, and I'll ask Rui to comment on the Sun IMC ones.
 So in terms of capital allocation,
 and starting with the own shares.
 Look, the TRS cancellation was basically a financing decision.
 And so, as you know,
 the equity stop
 that we had with the Banco BPI
 was a financing arrangement, and obviously with the significant cash proceeds that we
 received in recent months
 We had to optimize our credit facilities, and this is one of the operations that we decided to terminate, given the analysis that we made.
 And so these shares, in all honesty, these shares were already in accounting terms.
 they were already considered as own shares.
 and
 And they were also, in practice, our shares as we were exposed economically to the variation of the shares.
 And so, in that regard, nothing really changes for us.
 So, basically, we terminated a financing arrangement, and those shares remain as our own shares.
 and so we do not have any changes in the outlook
 and in the possible usage of these shares going into the future.
 And so the straight answer to your question is no,
 we do not plan to cancel these shares.
 regarding the cash proceeds from the CVC transaction
 and the alternative possible uses for those cash proceeds.
 I mean, you're right.
 I think we have discussed this in the past
 we do not have
 or we didn't have at the time of the transaction any specific queues for those cash proceeds.
 and that was not the main rationale to do the transaction.
 and we will remain, as I said before,
 very disciplined
 in looking at
 alternative investment opportunities,
 and we will look at opportunities that make sense for us
 with a long-term perspective.
 Obviously, we do have
 identified opportunities in our
 current portfolio
 to invest, and we will continue to invest in our current
 portfolio, and we are also looking
 at opportunities outside of the current portfolio.
 We just announced recently the investments in GOSH, which is a sector which we like.
 that's true
 the NICTEC
 sector is the sector which we believe
 It has a lot to do with Sunay.
 It has a lot to do with who we are.
 and we will continue to look for opportunities
 in that segment, but also in other segments
 that somehow relate to us and where we feel that we have a right to play.
 But whenever we have something to announce, we will obviously do it.
 Do you want to take the time to see questions?
 Sure
 Good job.
 Hi, how are you?
 thank you for your questions
 and just beginning by October.
 performance in October was very positive
 pretty much similar
 to the
 the evolution that we presented
 in the night for lights in the third quarter
 was okay
 and we feel very confident to the rest of the year continue to present a very solid set of results.
 Going to the other question
 related to the market environment.
 Well, we'll continue, for sure, as aggressive as it is today.
 but we feel very confident
 to maintain
 the benchmark levels of profitability that we are presenting,
 and we all continue to present in the market.
 I feel very confident
 due to the
 team
 the efficiency programs
 that we are
 developing internally
 which came to us with a very good, a very good result.
 Thank you.
 Just to follow up on that one, are you seeing inflation in negotiations with suppliers
 and energy costs, logistics.
 A good point.
 Anything relevant?
 Yeah, well, up to now, what is happening is that, in fact, the energy costs and transportation costs, the costs are increasing heavily.
 but not yet having a
 dramatic
 cost
 dramatic point of view in terms of
 the cost structure
 But if the costs continue to evolve the way that we are seeing
 and you are witnessing in the last month,
 We are for sure that all retailers will need to consider those cost evolutions
 in the prices that they are offering to the customers, obviously.
 Very clear.
 Thank you.
 Thank you as well.
 Our next question comes from Jose Rito from Keisha Bank.
 Jose, your line is now open.
 yes hi good afternoon to all
 So a question on Sun IMC and post-declarification on the like-for-like momentum and margin.
 Just a quick question on the online sales performance
 that has been quite strong this year
 despite the fact that last year was also a strong period for the online channel.
 if you can share
 some
 some data on this channel
 economics, namely
 if it is
 already margin
 positive
 and if
 it's not, if it is not
 what is needed
 for this part of the business
 to start to have a positive contribution
 to the BTA.
 so that will be my first question
 then on
 Forten
 We saw this strong like-for-like in the quarter, and the question is if this was driven by Portugal or Spain, or only Portugal, and what categories have been driving growth.
 And also on Vorton, in terms of marketplace strategy,
 if you can share any insights,
 namely the percentage of the GMT
 any mid-term
 targets
 if this is much
 creative or not
 And finally, I think that
 João mentioned that the online channel
 has also been performing very well.
 The question is,
 like, lower-se,
 lower-se,
 densities in stores
 in Portugal.
 Thank you.
 Very good.
 Thank you, Zane.
 Let's do this
 let's do this in order
 I'm listening to a bit of noise, so I'm not sure if everyone can mute.
 Okay.
 Better enough.
 So let's take this in order.
 Let's start with Rui on some IMC questions, and then Paolo will take the voice.
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm fine
 and the stuff I suppose
 I suppose you are okay
 according to your voice
 which brings to me that you are in a good shape.
 And the question is very, very striking.
 in fact
 as I
 Generally, as we see the online business in our company,
 we see them
 we see that the business as a
 an omnichannel approach,
 meaning the customers of the online
 are basically the same customers we have in the offline business.
 Meaning that the online is also very profitable to us.
 Yes, the online business as it is, well, if we only consider the acquisition and the purchases that the applicants must do in the online,
 we are fighting to get well
 we are almost
 fighting to
 to break even in terms of
 and a VTDA.
 But those customers, the same customers, go to our stores.
 And in fact, they combine the levels of ABTDA that they offer us
 are much higher than the average that we get from the regular customers.
 So we see that this operation has been very profitable, in fact.
 I don't know if I answer it to your question.
 That's very good.
 I think so.
 Should we move on to the Vorten and Paltimões?
 Okay.
 Good afternoon to you all.
 thank you
 for your questions
 So regarding the like-for-like and the geography's performance, we saw positive like-for-like
 performance in in in all our geography um strongest uh like for like in portugal but
 In Spain, in fact, because we focus the operation in online and in one stop, but mainly online,
 and we have been investing heavily to guarantee that we continue to grow.
 So we were able to grow significantly in Spain, especially on the online channel.
 channel. But all geographies were positive in terms of life-for-life self-performance.
 Moving on to the marketplace,
 Regarding the GND percentage, it's still small, but it's growing very fast, and we have high
 ambitions for this business model.
 We believe it's going to be one of our main growth avenues in the long run.
 So, we are preparing the company to expand in terms of new categories and repositioning
 the brands so that we are able to expand our business to these new categories and enlarge
 the marketplace
 contribution to our profitability.
 if it is profitable
 yes it is
 as you know
 the marketplace
 This model is quite simple, I would say.
 So we charge a commission to our sellers.
 We don't have stores.
 we leverage the
 the online infrastructure so it's certainly attractive to the to the ability of the company
 Moving on to our store performance, given the good performance of the online channel.
 In fact,
 in the third quarter
 our
 market share, our offline market share
 group.
 Our stores are performing very well.
 we see positive
 like for life
 in our stores
 gaining market share
 so a very healthy operation offline.
 Notwithstanding the fact that we see the consumer electronics market slightly contracting in Iberia.
 on Ed Wharton
 our star performance
 has been
 positive.
 So everything is going, for now, very well.
 And I think I covered all the questions from Jose.
 Our next question comes from Arta Amaro from Keisha Bank.
 Arthur, your line is now open.
 Hi, good afternoon everyone
 I have two questions if I may
 I would like to know if it's possible to disclose the market share of Sun IMC and Vorten,
 since you've been repeatedly gaining market share.
 and if possible number 2 and number 3
 in terms of players
 And I also understood that this partnership with the CTT has changed the business model of Sonai Financial Services.
 so when can we expect
 positive EBTDA for this division.
 And thank you for taking my questions.
 very good
 thank you
 I'll take the last one
 on the partnership
 with CPP
 and then I will ask
 Julian Paulo
 to comment
 whatever they can
 disclosed on the competitive positions
 in both Sun IMC and Barton.
 So, regarding the partnership with CTT, as you know, as we've discussed before, it's
 a change
 in business
 model
 and so
 Previously, with a partnership with BNP, we had a commission which we charged up front
 for the generation of credit, of loans.
 and now we are back
 building a credit
 we are building
 credit along the time
 And so this means that we will take a while until we reach run rate in terms of credit production.
 and so we have this initial valley
 in terms of credit production, which translates into lower results.
 going into your question directly.
 This is temporary, and we expect to reach positive levels of EBITDA in the next few quarters
 and reach the same level of profitability, at least, that we had.
 Historically, in the next 12 to 18 months,
 depending obviously on the evolution of the business
 and obviously also the restrictions
 are still in place and that also affects
 our financial services activity.
 Very clear
 Thank you, João.
 Okay?
 Rui, Paulo, can you
 shed some light on the question
 that to Artur Post, please.
 Okay, sure.
 Hi
 Well, starting by the questions
 regarding the market share.
 Well, this is a very difficult issue to approach because there are several institutions.
 well there is no
 institution
 We're giving out the proper figures for market share in Portugal.
 So what we generally use is some internal research regarding the monetary evolution
 and also the information from Nielsen.
 Nielsen generally gives us
 the market share
 validation
 and in fact we are
 drilling in terms of market share
 30 business points
 comparing to
 2020, and roughly
 almost one
 one percentual point
 comparing to 2019
 which is amazing
 Well, for instance, the other big place in Portugal,
 and ping source is growing um 20 basis point in terms of market share according to milson but it
 was losing
 two percent full points
 against
 2019
 well then
 we have other players losing
 market share
 like for
 which is Intermarché this year.
 international
 losing market
 share, mini press is losing market share, or
 and losing market share
 and little growing market share
 is growing roughly 40 business points
 in terms of market share.
 and reaching approximately
 Uh,
 and
 percentile point in terms of market share
 ourselves
 9 to
 10% to appoint themselves market share.
 ourselves, we believe that we have
 questions.
 Approximately 24% of market share.
 24.
 Uh,
 And we continue to grow market share,
 We feel very confident to assume that we, according to last figures,
 we knocked all the work into
 to gain some market change.
 So, just a little follow-up, Rui.
 so the gap
 between you and player number two
 in this case
 has been widening.
 Is it possible?
 Exactly, exactly.
 over the last...
 Yes, yes.
 Well, frankly, yes, because it's very simple.
 Because if we compute, for instance, the sales they are, they get announced to the market,
 and the sales that we use.
 basically sales from
 our hypers and super
 divisions
 The difference between those two players
 are increasing
 every year
 and we are gaining market share
 and that we, in this year,
 will continue to gain some market check comparing
 to figure
 that we
 were having
 lost
 here
 very
 Very clear. Thank you very much, Chris.
 Thank you.
 regardless of the sources
 we have been widening the leadership
 gap versus the second and third in the markets in the last two years.
 quite significantly.
 Paul, do you want to take the Vartan question?
 sure
 thank you for the question
 So,
 regarding Volta Markets
 we also use some
 references based on market research, mainly a panel of retailers that work with GFK, in our case,
 get cover on this
 just stand all over it
 and tell us
 covers the large majority of the market.
 Another
 There's something that doesn't cover all the markets.
 So we have to do some estimates and some extrapolations
 to which our estimate
 and it's our own estimate of market share so it's not um as we was mentioning it's also the case in
 in Wharton, we don't have any official
 member of market share.
 So regarding Vorten, in Portugal, we have around 30% market share and we are market leaders.
 30s?
 Buddy?
 Thank you.
 you know
 estimates and they are
 market levers, clearly.
 In the
 can the islands uh we are co-leaders with the with the media markets and we have a very small
 operation in Spain.
 um regarding the overall market share in portugal which is what what impacts more our results we have
 games
 around 1.8% market share in the third quarter,
 and year-to-date 1.3%.
 Okay.
 Cool.
 And by the way, can you just give us a little idea of how much is the percentage or market share of player number two in Portugal?
 No, we don't have any information.
 Okay.
 Very well.
 Thank you very much, everyone.
 I think it's also fair to say
 that's our online market share
 is very close to our offline market share.
 And in some quarters, it has even surpassed our offline market share in recent times.
 It was the case again in the third quarter, but it's very similar, one with the other.
 Thank you.
 One second.
 Thank you, Artur.
 Our next question comes from Antonio Saladas from AS Independent Research.
 Antonio, the line is now open
 Good afternoon.
 Thank you for taking my questions, and congratulations for the figures.
 I have two questions.
 The first one is related with SOP.
 if you have any
 any
 any information
 that you can provide
 that regarding the
 this legal process
 we need to
 finish or what are your thoughts
 about it. And the second question
 is still collated with your financial structure
 that you mentioned
 That is quite solid.
 probably solider than ever
 should we consider
 or it makes sense to consider
 and it's snorty
 extraordinary dividend
 by March, April next year
 if you don't buy anything until the first quarter or not.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Antonio.
 So on ZOPT, the answer is a quite straightforward one.
 it's no
 We do not have any developments on the judicial front.
 And so, unfortunately, the situation remains the same.
 Again, as we've said before,
 and
 the company
 has not been affected by this by any means,
 And so the company is, as you can see by the results,
 is still operating
 continues to operate normally
 and executing its strategy.
 and the 5G auction was a very important milestone
 in terms of strategy execution
 and something that we wanted to ensure,
 to ensure that the company would come out of the auction as a leader
 in terms of the spectrum acquisition.
 And so that's the most important thing for us.
 Obviously, we would like the judicial situation to evolve and to enable us to execute what we
 announced to the market
 already over a year ago
 But, unfortunately, up until now, we do not have any more developments to communicate.
 regarding the financial structure
 and the possibility of an extraordinary dividend.
 Look, this is obviously, as you know,
 we are still
 far away from the end of the year
 it's not
 Sonite's practice to distribute
 external dividends
 as long as we have
 interesting investment opportunities to allocate our capital.
 and I would use that as your base case scenario going forward.
 We have a very steady and stable dividend policy.
 We believe that it is a very attractive one with a very interesting dividend yield,
 and so I would not
 expect an extraordinary
 dividend, but it is a question
 to be discussed at the end of the year
 and obviously
 we're still in November
 So, but I would take that assumption as your base case.
 Okay.
 Right.
 I think it's up
 your intention
 to
 to break down the
 joint venture still remains
 volley, yes.
 Yes, yes.
 So we have not changed our intention, not only our intention,
 but also the agreement with our partner to do so.
 And so we have reached an agreement over a year ago with our partner
 to dissolve the partnership, and that still is our intention.
 but obviously we would like to do it
 Um,
 making sure that
 we have no issues with judicial authority
 and that the solution can occur in the smoothest way possible.
 and that's why we have
 I've been patiently waiting for that possibility to occur.
 but up until now
 things are still a bit tied up.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Antoni.
 There are no further questions from the participant lines.
 I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Joao Dolores.
 Okay, so if there are no further questions being posed,
 I would like to thank you all for listening and for placing your questions.
 and next time we speak
 will be on the back of the yearly results,
 which we continue
 positive that will maintain
 the positive trend that we've seen up until now.
 So thank you very much for listening, and see you next time.
 This concludes today's event.
 We thank you.
 for all your presence today.
 ladies and gentlemen
 you may now just connect your lines.