 Welcome to Sone's first nine months of 2021 Results Conference Call. During the introduction, hosted by Mr. Joël Dolores, Sone's CFO, all participants will be on listen-only mode. After the introduction, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. If any participant has difficulty in hearing the conference at any time, please make sure you have yours fully plugged in or alternatively calling from a different device. If you go to ask a question during the Q&A course of the day, then you may do so by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad. I'll now hand over to our host, Mr. Joël Dolores. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you. Hi, everyone. Thank you for attending Sone's Q3 Results Conference Call. I am joined today by Rui Almeida from Sonei MC, Paul Simões from Barton, Hugo Martins from Sonei Fashion, Luis Mota Duarte from Sonei Sierra, Cristina Nuvais from Sonei Investment Management, and obviously our investor relations team. As usual, I will do a brief presentation with an overview of our performance in the quarter and also in the first nine months of the year. And afterwards, we will open up the session for Q&A. Starting with the market context, very briefly, as you all know, we continue to live under some restrictions and direct impacts from the pandemic during the quarter, but already with very encouraging improvements over the last few months. The vaccination rates in both Portugal and Spain are quite high, and therefore the public health context remained largely under control, which enabled a gradual return to normality. Before we dive into the operational performance, I would like to give you an overview of our most recent portfolio management activity. So this was a particularly active quarter for Sonei, as we announced a major deal in the beginning of August by establishing a partnership with CDC, in which we sold 24.99% stake of Sonei MC for initial upfront value of 528 million euros. We also acquired GOSH, a UK plant-based food manufacturer, which allows Sonei to invest in a high-potential sector while expanding our international footprint and driving a more sustainable future. And in addition, and also during the quarter, Sonei MC sold its 50% stake in MaxMAT, and Sonei IM monetized its interests in BizDirect and CD4 and also entered in the share capital of SITCON. So now going to the operational results, starting with Sonei MC. For Sonei MC, this was another positive quarter with a strong delivery from the food format and also a robust recovery of the non-food format after a long period of restrictions, which impacted these banners quite significantly. Total turnover grew 5.3% year-on-year and 2.3% like-for-like in Q3, the exact same evolution as in the first half of the year on the back of a very good trading performance of 2020. In food retail, we continued to gain market share and increased our leadership gap, having posted positive like-for-like growth across all formats. The online business also continued to grow, having reached a 40% year-on-year increase in the first nine months of the year, proving that our digital approach is being well recognized by our customers, and also translating into higher loyalty levels, which significantly impact store sales. Regarding profitability, Sonei MC maintained a broadly stable underlying EBITDA margin of 10.9% in the quarter, on the back of productivity gains and a permanent fine-tuning of its core business processes, in spite of some pressures that were felt in terms of energy costs. In the first nine months of 2021, underlying EBITDA improved 6.1% year-on-year overall, to 384 million euros with a margin of 9.9%. Sonei MC also continued to execute on its expansion strategy with seven additional Continent Bondia stores, the proximity format, but also refurbishing a number of food retail units while investing in the reinforcement of its logistical capacity and also its technological background. In terms of free cash flow, the company reached 169 million euros in the first nine months of the year, an additional 42 million when compared to last year, also driven by the conclusion of the sale of the 50% stake in MaxMath, which represented a cash-in of 68 million euros. This cash flow generation led to a reduction in net debt of just over 100 million euros to 453 million, even after the dividend payments of 140 million euros in the second quarter of this year. So total net debt to an underlying EBITDA reached an all-time low of 2.9 times. Moving on to Vorten. At Vorten, Q3 was also a quite positive period for the business. Vorten ended the quarter with a 7.2% like-for-like growth, clearly showing the company's solid and recognized omni-channel value proposition, including the marketplace and also a significant growth in the services business line, leading to the reinforcement of its leadership in Portugal. In terms of total sales, Vorten reached 285 million euros in Q3, a slight decrease year-on-year of 3%, which is basically explained by the repositioning of the operation in Spain mainland. On a pro-forma basis, so excluding this movement, consolidated turnover increased 8% year-on-year in the quarter. In year-to-date terms, total turnover increased 3.6% year-on-year, a 12% like-for-like increase, just over reaching just over 800 million euros in the first nine months. The online channel continued to perform extremely well, I would say, and at the end of the first nine months, growth was already above 30% versus 2020, which was already an extraordinary year for our e-commerce operation. So overall, online sales grew by a factor of three since 2019. Regarding profitability, underlying EBITDA reached 20 million euros in Q3, and 51 million euros up to September, a level of profitability which is a factor of both our top-line positive performance, and also the repositioning process that we executed in Spain. Regarding Suni Fashion, Q3 was marked by a sales performance that was increasingly positive throughout the quarter, as COVID-19-related restrictions were gradually lifted. Still, total turnover reached 95 million euros in the quarter, a 6% year-on-year decrease, which reflects a weaker-than-expected recovery of footfall and sales performance after the reopening of stores in Portugal. In year-to-date terms, and despite all the restrictions to store operations in the beginning of the year, Suni Fashion's total turnover stood at 230 million euros, almost in line with 2020, which is a positive sign in our view. In terms of profitability, I would like to highlight that Suni Fashion was able to post an underlying EBITDA of 8 million euros in the quarter, which means that the year-on-year evolution in year-to-date terms is still quite positive. As for Iberian Sports Retail Group, the latest quarter showed another very positive set of results, both versus last year, but also versus 2019. Total growth versus 2019 actually reached 32%, with the online channel remaining an important growth avenue for the company. So total e-commerce sales increased by a factor of four since 2019, and this is still before the consolidation of Depar Village, the acquisition that was made at the end of June, beginning of July, which will only impact revenues in the coming quarter. So overall, the last nine months registered top-line levels above both last year and 2019 figures, as I said before, with total turnover reaching 590 million euros, a double-digit increase of 26% year-on-year and of 18% versus the nine months in 2019. Regarding EBITDA, once again, the top-line improvement was able to drive profitability upwards, and in the last nine months, EBITDA improved by 51 million euros year-on-year and 20 million euros versus the same period of 2019. So this resulted in an EBITDA margin improvement to 11.5%. All in all, the contribution of ISRG to Sunrise results in Q3 reached 6.7 million euros above both 2020 and 2019 figures. This performance has carried on to August and September, with ISRG showing growth and profitability enhancements in line with the ones that we saw in previous months across all channels and geographies. Going forward and looking at Suni Sierra, Suni Sierra's operational activity showed steady progress during Q3 following the improvement of the pandemic context and also the relief of restrictions in our main European geographies. In this context, occupancy rates remained high and 10 sales were already very close to 2019 levels in the European portfolio at the end of the quarter and in some assets even above 2019 levels. The services business line delivered a positive evolution in the quarter, showing significant signs of returning to a more normalized activity. And if we look on a proportional accounting basis, direct result in Q3 stood at 12 million euros in the quarter, already practically in line with 2019, and 23 million euros in the first nine months of the year, which compares with 5 million euros last year. Indirect result in the quarter was practically flat, as we typically do not revalue assets in Q3. And all in all, net income reached 6 million euros in the first nine months of the year, which represents a year-on-year increase of 26 million euros. NEV increased marginally to 913 million euros, and LTV remained at quite conservative levels. At Sonae Financial Services, the performance was overall positive in operational terms. The main leading indicators showed sustained improvements after the relief in restrictions and also the gradual increase in consumer confidence. The universal operation continued to increase its customer base, and the number of cards issued, the number of users reached circa 936,000, an increase of 23,000 versus the previous quarter. And the efforts to develop the digital front continued, and today circa 60% of universal card clients are already digital users. The market share in the universal card continued to increase, and reached 14% year-on-year in Portugal year-to-date, which compares to 13.5% for the same period of last year. In terms of financial results, Sonae SS delivered a total consolidated turnover of 9 million euros in the quarter, in line with last year, and only slightly below 2019. In terms of profitability, results are still subdued, given the transition stage, which we are living in, going into the new business model with Blancool CTT. A special note to MDS, which has been posting very positive results, with significant increases both in top-line and operating profitability, when compared to 2020 and also to 2019. So all in all, in proportional terms, and considering the 50% stake in MDS, turnover for the first nine months of the year stood at 49 million euros, slightly below last year, and then the line of ETA was practically nil, given the transition stage I mentioned before at Sonae SS with Blancool CTT. Moving on to Sonae AM, Q3 was another quarter with important developments in the portfolio management front, with the conclusion of the sale of BizDirect and CB4 during the quarter, which resulted in capital gains of around 10 million euros. And also, in the first nine months of the year, Sonae AM concluded the acquisition of a minority stake in a new company, SitCon, which specializes in technology for retail. In terms of operational performance, Sonae AM recorded better top-line and underlying EBITDA figures versus 2020. And in the first nine months of the year, total turnover increased by 6.4% year-on-year to 43 million euros, and then the underlying EBITDA also continued to improve. So today, with a total cash invested of 150 million euros in the current portfolio as of September, the company's NAV amounts to 324 million euros. Moving on to NOSH. NOSH continued to post a solid operational performance in the telco segment, and the media and entertainment segment was marked by a strong recovery due to a steady return of people to movie theaters. Turnover amounted to 366 million euros in Q3, 5.6% above last year. The second consecutive quarter of growth since the fourth quarter of 2019, leading to a turnover increase of 3.1% year-on-year in the first nine months, just above 1 billion euros. Profitability followed the same trend, with an EBITDA increase in Q3 of 6.6% year-on-year, and in year-to-date terms, 1.4% to 478 million euros, which leads to a margin of 46%. Net income increased by 2 million euros year-on-year to 46 million euros in Q3, and increased by more than 50% in year-to-date terms to 120 million euros in the first nine months, which obviously implies an increased contribution to our accounts. The company continues to show a conservative leverage profile with a net debt to a EBITDA after lease payments of 1.7 times, and maintains an investment-grade profile. I would obviously like to highlight that already in October, and after 200 days of bidding, the auction for the allocation of the 5G frequencies ended, with NOSH acquiring the largest fraction of the spectrum released, and in all possible bands, which positions the business very well to lead the 5G revolution in Portugal. So, in consolidated terms, turnover surpassed 5 billion euros in the first nine months of the year, an increase of 4.7% year-on-year, mainly fueled by the positive contributions from SONIMC and Vorton as well. Similarly, the LANGABITDA increased 6% year-on-year to 415 million euros in the first nine months, above last year by 22 million euros. Total EBITDA in the first nine months of the year was positively impacted by the capital gains that I mentioned before, related with the sale of MaxMAT at SONIMC, and also the sales of BizDirect, CB4, and Arctic Wolf, which happened in Q2, at SONIMC. All in all, EBITDA reached 531 million euros, standing significantly above last year, driven by the better underlying operational profitability, but also, obviously, by the significant level of capital gains and the recovery of equity methods consolidating businesses. As a consequence, direct results reached 169 million euros as of September, versus 40 million euros last year, while indirect income also improved versus 2020. All in all, net income reached 158 million euros this year, significantly above last year's figure, but also significantly above 2019. In terms of operational cash flow, SONI's portfolio released a total of 120 million euros during the last 12 months. If we add to this, the free cash flow generated in our portfolio management activity, SONI's free cash flow before dividends paid stood at 555 million euros in the last 12 months, which, after the dividend payment, which occurred last May, led to a significant decrease in our consolidated net debt to 858 million euros at the end of September, and to an all-time low LTV of 9%. This solid capital structure is obviously complemented with a comfortable financing position with a low cost of debt of 1.1% and an average maturity profile of 3.4 years. So this is it from me for now. I will now open the session to Q&A. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now. As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press start on your telephone keypad now. When preparing to ask your question, please ensure your device is unmuted locally. Our first question comes from Joal Pinto from JB Capital. Joal, your line is now open. Hello, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Firstly, on capital allocation, what do you intend to do with your own shares? Will you keep them to use as liquidity to invest in the future, or would you consider a cancellation? Secondly, also on capital allocation, following the Sun IMC deal, I imagine you're looking for alternatives to invest. We know you are not in a rush, but can you tell us if you are already seeing good candidates to acquire, including the sectors, or nothing in the pipeline at the moment? Third, on Sun IMC, like for like, keep solid despite the tough comps. Can you tell us if it remained positive in October? And also on Sun IMC, can you give us some color on OPEC's pressures and the competitive environment? And how do you see margin evolving next year? Thank you. Thank you, for your questions. I will take the first ones and I'll ask Rui to comment on the Sun IMC ones. So, in terms of capital allocation and starting with the own shares, look, the TRS cancellation was basically a financing decision. So, as you know, the equity swap that we had with Banco BPI was a financing arrangement and obviously with the significant cash proceeds that we received in recent months, we had to optimize our credit facilities and this is one of the operations that we decided to terminate given the analysis that we made. So, these shares, in all honesty, these shares were already in accounting terms. They were already considered as own shares and they were also in practice our shares as we were exposed economically to the variation of the shares. And so, in that regard, nothing really changes for us. So, basically, we terminated a financing arrangement and those shares remain as our own shares. And so, we do not have any changes in the outlook and the possible usage of these shares going into the future. And so, again, the straight answer to your question is no, we do not plan to cancel these shares. Regarding the cash proceeds from the CVC transaction and the alternative possible uses for those cash proceeds, I mean, you are right. I think we have discussed this in the past. We do not have or we didn't have at the time of the transaction any specific use for those cash proceeds. That was not the main rationale to do the transaction. and we will remain, as I said before, very disciplined in looking at alternative investment opportunities and we will look at opportunities that make sense for us with a long-term perspective. Obviously, we do have identified opportunities in our current portfolio to invest and we will continue to invest in our current portfolio. And we are also looking at opportunities outside of the current portfolio. We just announced recently the investment in GOSH, which is a sector which we like. The food and agtech sector is a sector which we believe has a lot to do with Sonai, has a lot to do with who we are. And we will continue to look for opportunities in that segment but also in other segments that somehow relate to us and where we feel that we have a right to play. But whenever we have something to announce, we will obviously do it. Do you want to take the Sonai MC questions? Sure. Hi. How are you? Thank you for your questions. And just beginning by October, performance in October was very positive. Pretty much similar to the evolution that we presented in the Life for Life in the third quarter was okay. And we feel very confident to the rest of the year continue to present a very solid set of results. Going to the other question related to the market environment, well, we'll continue for sure as aggressive as it is today. But we feel very confident to maintain the benchmark levels of profitability that we are presenting and we all continue to present in the market. We feel very confident due to the efficiency programs that we are developing internally which came to us with a very good result. Thank you. Just to follow up on that one, are you seeing inflation in negotiations with suppliers and energy costs, logistics? Good point. Anything relevant? Yeah. Up to now, what is happening is that in fact the energy costs and transportation costs are increasing heavily but not yet having a dramatic point of view in terms of the cost structure. But if the costs continue to evolve the way that we are seeing and we are witnessing in the last months, we are for sure that all retailers will need to consider those cost evolutions in the prices that they are offering to the customers, obviously. Very clear. Thank you. Thank you, John. Our next question comes from Jose Rito from Keisha Bank. Jose, your line is now open. Yes, hi. Good afternoon. Well, so a question on SunIMC and post-declarification on the like-for-like momentum and margin. Just a quick question on the online sales performance that has been quite strong this year despite the fact that last year was also a strong period for the online channel. If you can share some data on this channel economics, namely if it is already margin positive and if it is not, what is needed for this part of the business to start to have a positive contribution to the BTA. So that will be my first question. Then on Vorton, we saw this strong like-for-like in the quarter. The question is if this was driven by Portugal or Spain or only Portugal and what categories have been driving growth. and also on Vorton in terms of market play strategy, if you can share any insights, namely the percentage of the GMV, any mid-term targets, if this is margin or not. And finally, I think that João mentioned that the online channel has also been performing very well. The question is if you are seeing lower sales densities in stores in Portugal. Thank you. Very good. Thank you, Zay. Let's do this in order. I'm listening to a bit of noise, so I'm not sure if everyone can mute. Okay. Better enough. So let's take this in order. Let's start with Ruy on the MC questions, and then Paolo will take the Vorton ones. Hi, how are you? I'm fine. I suppose you are okay, according to your voice, which brings to me that you are in a good shape. And the question is very striking. In fact, generally, as we see the online business in our company, we see the business as an omnichannel approach, meaning the customers of the online are basically the same customers we have in the offline business. And when we look to the online business, we look to the customers we have in the online portfolio, meaning we look to the EBITDA of those customers, and they are offering us very high levels of EBITDA, meaning they are very profitable, meaning that the online is also very profitable to us. Yes, the online business as it is, well, if we only consider the acquisition and the purchases that our customers do in the online, we are almost fighting to break even in terms of EBITDA. But those customers, the same customers, go to our stores, and in fact, they combine the levels of EBITDA that they offer us are much higher than the average that we get from the regular customers. So we see that this operation has been very profitable, in fact. I don't know if I answer to your question. Very good. I think so. So should we move on to the Varten and Paltimoy? Okay. Good afternoon to you all. Thank you, Jose, for your questions. So regarding the like-for-like and the geography's performance, we saw positive like-for-like performance in all our geography. Strongest like-for-like in Portugal, but, sorry, in Spain, mainland, in fact, because we focused the operation in online and in one time, but mainly online, and we have been investing heavily to guarantee that we continue to grow. So in the like-for-like phases, we were able to grow significantly in Spain, especially on the online channel. But all geographies were positive in terms of like-for-like self-performance. moving on to the marketplace, regarding the GMB percentage, it's still small, but it's growing very fast, and we have high ambitions for this business model. We believe it's going to be one of our main growth avenues in the long run. so we are preparing the company to expand in terms of new categories and repositioning the brands so that we are able to expand our business to these new categories and enlarge the marketplace contribution to our profitability. If it is profitable, yes, it is. as you know, the marketplace business model is quite simple, I would say. So we charge a commission to our sellers. We don't have stores. We leverage the online infrastructure, so it's certainly attractive to the ability of the company. And moving on to our store performance, given the good performance of the online channel. In fact, in the third quarter, our offline market share grew, so our stores are performing very well. We see positive like-for-likes in our stores, gaining market share, so very healthy operation offline. Not withstanding the fact that we see the consumer electronics markets slightly contracting in Iberia. At Wharton, our store performance has been positive. So everything is going, for now, very well. And I think I covered all the questions from Jose. Our next question comes from Arta Amaro from Keisha Bank. Arta, your line is now open. Hi, good afternoon, everyone. I have two questions, if I may. I would like to know if it's possible to disclose the market share of Sonai MC and Vorton, since you have been repeatedly gaining market share, and if possible, number two and number three in terms of players. And I also understood that this partnership with the CTT has changed the business model of Sonai Financial Services, so when can we expect positive EBTDA for this division? And thank you for taking my question. Very good. Thank you, Artur. I'll take the last one on the partnership with CTT, and then I will ask Rui and Paulo to comment whatever they can disclose on the competitive positions in both Sonai MC and Vorton. So, regarding the partnership with CTT, as you know, as we've discussed before, it's a change in business model, and so previously with a partnership with BNP, we had a commission which we charged up front for the generation of credit, of loans, and so now we are basically building a credit. We are building a credit along the time, and so this means that we will take a while until we reach run rate in terms of credit production, and so we have this initial value in terms of credit production which translates into lower results. Going into your question directly, this is temporary, and we expect to reach positive levels of a BPA in the next few quarters and reach the same level of profitability at least that we had historically in the next 12 to 18 months, depending obviously on the evolution of the business, and obviously also the restrictions that are still in place and that also affect our financial services activity. Very clear. Thank you, Juan. Rui, Paulo, can you shed some light on the question that Arturo posed, please? Okay, sure. Hi, this is Luis. Well, starting by the questions regarding the market share. Well, this is a very difficult issue to approach because there are several institutions. Well, there is no institution giving us the proper figures for market share in Portugal. What we generally use is some internal research regarding the market share evolution and also the information from Nielsen. Nielsen generally gives us the market share variation, and in fact, we are growing in terms of market share, 30 basis points, comparing to 2020, and roughly almost one percentual point comparing to 2019, which is amazing. Well, for instance, the other big place in Portugal, Pingo Doss, is growing, 20 basis points in terms of market share, according to Nielsen, but it was losing two percentual points against 2019. Well, then we have other players losing market share, like for instance, Intermarché, this year, Intermarché is losing market share, Minipress is losing market share, Oshan is losing market share, and Lidl is growing market share, is growing roughly 40 basis points in terms of market share, and reaching approximately 10 percentual points in terms of market share. ourselves, 9 to 10 percentual points in terms of market share. Ourselves, we believe that we have approximately 24 percent of market share. 24. And we continue to grow market share, and we feel very confident to assume that we, according to last figures, we continue to gain some market share. So, just a little follow-up, Rui, so the gap between you and player number two, in this case, Pingo's, has been widening, is it possible over the last years? Yes, yes. Well, yes, because it's very simple, because if we compute, for instance, the sales they announced to the market, and the sales that we use, basically sales from our hypers and super divisions, the difference between those two players are increasing every year, and we are gaining market share, and we, in this year, we will continue to gain some market share, comparing to the figures that we were having last year. Very clear. Thank you very much, Chris. Thank you. Thank you. So, regardless of the sources, we have been widening the leadership gap versus the second player in the market in the last two years, quite significantly. Paul, do you want to take the Vorten question? Sure. Thank you for the question, Artur. So, regarding the Vorten market share, we also use some references based on market research, mainly a panel of retailers that work with GFK, in our case, that cover, and this panel of retailers covers the large majority of the market. Another thing that doesn't cover all the markets, so we have to do some estimates and some extrapolations to reach our estimate, and it's our own estimates of market share, so it's not, as Rui was mentioning, it's also the case in Vorten, we don't have any official number of market share. So, regarding Vorten, in Portugal, we have around 30% market share, and we are market leaders. 30%, 30%. 30%, yeah. 30%, thank you. In our estimates, and we are market leaders, clearly. In the Kenya Islands, we are co-leaders with the media markets, and we have a very small operation in Spain. Regarding the overall market share in Portugal, which is what impacts more, our results, we have gained around 1.8% market share in the third quarter, and year-to-date, 1.3%. Okay. And by the way, can you just give us a little idea of how much is the percentage or market share of player number two in Portugal? No, we don't have that information. Okay. Very well. Thank you very much. Everyone. I think it's also fair to say that our online market share is very close to our offline market share, and in some quarters, it has even surpassed our offline market share in recent times. It was the case again in the third quarter, but it's very similar, one with the other. Thank you. Thank you, Artur. Our next question comes from Antonio Saladas from AS Independent Research. Antonio, the line is now open. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions, and congratulations for the figures. I have two questions. First one is related with SOC, if you have any information that you can provide us regarding the process, when it should finish, or what are your thoughts about it. And the second question is still related with your financial structure that you mentioned, that is quite solid, probably solid than ever. Should we consider next, or it makes sense to consider the next scenario dividend by March, April, next year, if you don't buy anything until the first quarter, or not? Thank you very much. Thank you, Antonio. So on Zopt, the answer is a quite straightforward one. It's no. We do not have any developments on the judicial front. So, unfortunately, the situation remains the same. Again, as we've said before, the company has not been affected by this by any means, and so the company, as you can see by the results, is still operating, continues to operate normally and executing its strategy, and the 5G auction was a very important milestone in terms of strategy execution and something that we wanted to ensure, to ensure that the company would come out of the auction as a leader in terms of the spectrum acquisition. And so that's the most important thing for us. Obviously, we would like the judicial situation to evolve and to enable us to execute what we have announced to the market already over a year ago, but, unfortunately, up until now, we do not have any more developments to communicate. Regarding the financial structure and the possibility of an extraordinary dividend, look, this is obviously, as you know, we are still far away from the end of the year. It's not some nice practice to distribute extraordinary dividends as long as we have interesting investment opportunities to allocate our capital, and I would use that as your base case scenario going forward. We have a very steady and stable dividend policy. We believe that it is a very attractive one with a very interesting dividend yield, and so I would not expect an extraordinary dividend, but it is a question to be discussed at the end of the year, and obviously, we're still in November, but I would take that assumption as your base case. Okay, so regarding your intention to break down the joint venture, it still remains valid, yes? Yes, yes. So we have not changed our intention, not only our intention, but also the agreement with our partner to do so, and so we have reached an agreement over a year ago with our partner to dissolve the partnership, and that still is our intention, and so, but obviously, we would like to do it, making sure that we have no issues with judicial authority, and that the solution can occur in the smoothest way possible, and that's why we have been patiently waiting for that possibility to occur, but up until now, things are still a bit tied up. Okay. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you, Antoni. There are no further questions from the participant lines. I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Joel Dolores. Okay, so if there are no further questions being posed, I would like to thank you all for listening and for placing your questions, questions, and next time we speak, we'll be on the back of the yearly results, which we continue positive that will maintain the positive trend that we've seen up until now. So, thank you very much for listening, and see you next time. This concludes today's event. We thank you for all your presence today. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now just connect your lines. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.