Welcome to Sone's first nine months of 2021 results conference call. During the introduction hosted by Mr. Joao Dolores, Sone CFO, all participants will be on listen only mode. After the introduction, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. If any participant has difficulty in hearing the conference at any time, please make sure you have yours fully plugged in or alternatively calling from a different device. If you go to ask a question during the Q&A course of the day, then you may do so by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad. I'll now hand over to our host, Mr. Joao Dolores. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you. Hi, everyone. Thank you for attending Sone's Q3 results conference call. I'm joined today by Rui Almeida from Sone MC, Paul Timonich from Barton, Hugo Martins from Sone Fashion, Luis Mataduart from Sone Fiera, Cristina Novaes from Sone Investment Management, and obviously our Investor Relations team. As usual, I will do a brief presentation with an overview of our performance in the quarter and also in the first nine months of the year. And afterwards, we will open up the session for Q&A. Starting with the market context, very briefly, as you all know, we continue to live under some restrictions and direct impacts from the pandemic during the quarter, but already with very encouraging improvements over the last few months. The vaccination rates in both Portugal and Spain are quite high, and therefore the public health context remained largely under control, which enabled a gradual return to normality. Before we dive into the operational performance, I would like to give you an overview of our most recent portfolio management activity. So this was a particularly active quarter for Sone, as we announced a major deal in the beginning of August by establishing a partnership with CDC, in which we sold a 24.99% stake of Sone MC for an initial upfront value of €528 million. We also acquired Gosh, a UK plant-based food manufacturer, which allows Sone to invest in a high-potential sector while expanding our international footprint and driving a more sustainable future. And in addition, and also during the quarter, Sone MC sold its 50% stake in MaxMatt, and Sone IM monetized its interests in BizDirect and CD4, and also entered in the share capital of Sitcom. So now going to the operational results. Starting with Sone MC. For Sone MC, this was another positive quarter with a strong delivery from the food format and also a robust recovery of the non-food format after a long period of restrictions which impacted these banners quite significantly. Total turnover grew 5.3% year-on-year and 2.3% like-for-like in Q3. The exact same evolution as in the first half of the year on the back of a very good trading performance of 2020. In food retail, we continued to gain market share and increase our leadership gap, having posted positive like-for-like growth across all formats. The online business also continued to grow, having reached a 40% year-on-year increase in the first nine months of the year, proving that our digital approach is being well recognized by our customers, also translating into higher loyalty levels, which significantly impacts store sales. Regarding profitability, Sone MC maintained a broadly stable underlying EBITDA margin of 10.9% in the quarter on the back of productivity gains and a permanent fine-tuning of its core business processes in spite of some pressures that were felt in terms of energy costs. In the first nine months of 2021, underlying EBITDA improved 6.1% year-on-year overall to €384 million with a margin of 9.9%. Sone MC also continued to execute on its expansion strategy with seven additional Continental Bon Dia stores, the proximity format, but also refurbishing a number of food retail units while investing in the reinforcement of its logistical capacity and also its technological background. In terms of free cash flow, the company reached €169 million in the first nine months of the year. An additional €42 million when compared to last year, also driven by the conclusion of the sale of the 50% stake in MaxMath, which represented a cash-in of €68 million. This cash flow generation led to a reduction in net debt of just over €100 million to €453 million, even after the dividend payment of €140 million in the second quarter of this year. So total net debt to underlying EBITDA reached an all-time low of 2.9 times. Moving on to Vorton, at Vorton Q3 was also quite a positive period for the business. Vorton ended the quarter with a 7.2% like-for-like growth, clearly showing the company's solid and recognized omni-channel value proposition, including the marketplace and also a significant growth in the services business line, leading to the reinforcement of its leadership in Portugal. In terms of total sales, Vorton reached €285 million in Q3, a slight decrease year-on-year of 3%, which is basically explained by the repositioning of the operation in Spain mainland. On a pro forma basis, so excluding this movement, consolidated turnover increased 8% year-on-year in the quarter. In year-to-date terms, total turnover increased 3.6% year-on-year, a 12% like-for-like increase, just over €800 million in the first nine months. The online channel continued to perform extremely well, I would say, and at the end of the first nine months, growth was already above 30% versus 2020, which was already an extraordinary year for our e-commerce operation. So overall, online sales grew by a factor of three since 2019. Regarding profitability, underlying EBITDA reached €20 million in Q3 and €51 million up to September, a level of profitability which is a factor of both our top-line positive performance and also the repositioning process that we executed in Spain. Regarding Sony Fashion, Q3 was marked by a sales performance that was increasingly positive throughout the quarter, as COVID-19-related restrictions were gradually lifted. Still, total turnover reached €95 million in the quarter, a 6% year-on-year decrease, which reflects a weaker than expected recovery of footfall and sales performance after the reopening of stores in Portugal. In year-to-date terms, and despite all the restrictions to store operations in the beginning of the year, Sony Fashion's total turnover stood at €230 million, almost in line with 2020, which is a positive sign in our view. In terms of profitability, I would like to highlight that Sony Fashion was able to post an underlying EBITDA of €8 million in the quarter, which means that the year-on-year evolution in year-to-date terms is still quite positive. As for Iberian Sports Retail Group, the latest quarter showed another very positive set of results, both versus last year but also versus 2019. Total growth versus 2019 actually reached 32%, with the online channel remaining an important growth avenue for the company. So total e-commerce sales increased by a factor of four since 2019, and this is still before the consolidation of Depor Village, the acquisition that was made at the end of June, beginning of July, which will only impact revenues in the coming quarter. So overall, the last nine months registered top-line levels above both last year and 2019 figures, as I said before, with total turnover reaching €590 million, a double-digit increase of 26% year-on-year and of 18% versus the nine months in 2019. Regarding EBITDA, once again, the top-line improvement was able to drive profitability upwards, and in the last nine months, EBITDA improved by €51 million year-on-year and €20 million versus the same period of 2019. So this resulted in an EBITDA margin improvement to 11.5%. All in all, the contribution of ISRG to Sunrise results in Q3 reached €6.7 million, above both 2020 and 2019 figures. This performance has carried on to August and September, with ISRG showing growth and profitability enhancements in line with the ones that we saw in previous months across all channels and geographies. Going forward and looking at Sunrise Sierra. Sunrise Sierra's operational activity showed a steady progress during Q3, following the improvement of the pandemic context and also the relief of restrictions in our main European geographies. In this context, occupancy rates remained high, and 10 sales were already very close to 2019 levels in the European portfolio at the end of the quarter, and in some assets even above 2019 levels. The services business line delivered a positive evolution in the quarter, showing significant signs of returning to a more normalized activity. And if we look on a proportional accounting basis, direct result in Q3 stood at €12 million in the quarter, already practically in line with 2019, and €23 million in the first nine months of the year, which compares with €5 million last year. Indirect result in the quarter was practically flat, as we typically do not revalue assets in Q3. And all in all, net income reached €6 million in the first nine months of the year, which represents a year-on-year increase of €26 million. NEV increased marginally to €913 million, and LTV remained at quite conservative levels. At Sony Financial Services, the performance was overall positive in operational terms,

The main leading indicators showed sustained improvements after the relief in restrictions and also the gradual increase in consumer confidence. The universal operation continued to increase its customer base. The number of cards issued, the number of users reached circa 936,000, an increase of 23,000 versus the previous quarter. And the efforts to develop the digital front continued. And today, circa 60% of universal card clients are already digital users. The market share in the universal card continued to increase and reached 14% year on year in Portugal year to date, which compares to 13.5% for the same period of last year. In terms of the financial results, Sonai FF delivered a total consolidated turnover of 9 million euros in the quarter in line with last year, and only slightly below 2019. In terms of profitability, results are still subdued given the transition stage which we are living in going into the new business model with Banco CDT. A special note to MDS, which has been posting very positive results with significant increases both in top line and operating profitability when compared to 2020 and also to 2019. So all in all, in proportional terms and considering the 50% stake in MDS, turnover for the first nine months of the year stood at 49 million euros, slightly below last year, and then the line of EBITDA was practically nil given the transition stage I mentioned before at Sonai FF with Banco CDT. Moving on to Sonai M, Q3 was another quarter with important developments in the portfolio management front with the conclusion of the sale of BizDirect and CB4 during the quarter, which resulted in capital gains of around 10 million euros. And also in the first nine months of the year, Sonai M concluded the acquisition of a minority stake in a new company, Sitcon, which specializes in technology for retail. In terms of operational performance, Sonai M recorded better top line and then the line of EBITDA figures versus 2020. And in the first nine months of the year, total turnover increased by 6.4% year on year to 43 million euros and then the line of EBITDA also continued to improve. So today with a total cash invested of 150 million euros in the current portfolio as of September, the company's NAV amounts to 324 million euros. Moving on to NOS. NOS continued to post a solid operational performance in the telco segment and the media and entertainment segment was marked by a strong recovery due to a steady return of people to movie theaters. Turnover amounted to 366 million euros in Q3, 5.6% above last year, the second consecutive quarter of growth since the fourth quarter of 2019, leading to a turnover increase of 3.1% year on year in the first nine months, just above 1 billion euros. Profitability followed the same trend with an EBITDA increase in Q3 of 6.6% year on year and in year to date terms 1.4% to 478 million euros, which leads to a margin of 46%. Net income increased by 2 million euros year on year to 46 million euros in Q3 and increased by more than 50% in year to date terms to 120 million euros in the first nine months, which obviously implies an increased contribution to our accounts. The company continues to show a conservative leverage profile with a net debt to EBITDA after lease payments of 1.7 times and maintains an investment grade profile. I would obviously like to highlight that already in October and after 200 days of bidding, the auction for the allocation of the 5G frequencies ended with NOS acquiring the largest fraction of the spectrum released and in all possible bands, which positions the business very well to lead the 5G revolution in Portugal. So, in consolidated terms, turnover surpassed 5 billion euros in the first nine months of the year, an increase of 4.7% year on year, mainly fueled by the positive contributions from Sonaimci and Vorten as well. Similarly, an underlying EBITDA increased 6% year on year to 415 million euros in the first nine months, above last year by 22 million euros. Total EBITDA in the first nine months of the year was positively impacted by the capital gains that I mentioned before related with the sale of MaxMatta Sonaimci and also the sales of BizDirect, CB4 and Article, which happened in Q2 at Sonaimci. All in all, EBITDA reached 531 million euros, standing significantly above last year, driven by the better underlying operational profitability, but also obviously by the significant level of capital gains and the recovery of equity methods consolidated businesses. As a consequence, direct results reached 169 million euros as of September versus 40 million euros last year, while indirect income also improved versus 2020. All in all, net income reached 158 million euros this year, significantly above last year's figure, but also significantly above 2019. In terms of operational cash flow, Sonaim's portfolio released a total of 120 million euros during the last 12 months. If we add to this the free cash flow generated in our portfolio management activity, Sonaim's free cash flow before dividends paid stood at 555 million euros in the last 12 months, which after the dividend payment, which occurred last May, led to a significant decrease in our consolidated net debt to 858 million euros at the end of September and to an all-time low LPV of 9%. This solid capital structure is obviously complemented with a comfortable financing position with a low cost of debt of 1.1% and an average maturity profile of 3.4 years. So this is it from me for now. I will now open the session to Q&A. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now. As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star on your telephone keypad now. When preparing to ask your question, please ensure your device is unmuted locally. Our first question comes from João Pinto from JB Capital. João, your line is now open. Hello, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Firstly, on capital allocation, what do you intend to do with your own shares? Will you keep them to use as liquidity to invest in the future or would you consider a cancellation? Secondly, also on capital allocation, following the Sonai MC deal, I imagine you're looking for alternatives to invest. We know you are not in a rush, but can you tell us if you are already seeing good candidates to acquire, including the sectors, or nothing in the pipeline at the moment? Third, on Sonai MC, like for like, it sold despite the tough counts. Can you tell us if it remained positive in October? And also on Sonai MC, can you give us some color on OPEX pressures and the competitive environment, and how do you see margin evolving next year? Thank you. Thank you, João, for your questions. I will take the first ones, and then I'll ask Rui to comment on the Sonai MC one. So in terms of capital allocation and starting with the own shares, look, the TRS cancellation was basically a financing decision. And so as you know, the equity swap that we had with Banco BPI was a financing arrangement. And obviously with the significant cash proceeds that we received in recent months, we had to optimize our credit facilities, and this is one of the operations that we decided to terminate, given the analysis that we made. So these shares, in all honesty, these shares were already in accounting terms, they were already considered as own shares, and they were also in practice our shares as we were exposed economically to the variation of the shares. And so in that regard, nothing really changes for us. So basically we terminated a financing arrangement, and those shares remain as our own shares. And so we do not have any changes in the outlook and in the possible usage of these shares going into the future. And so the straight answer to your question is no, we're not trying to cancel these shares. Regarding the cash proceeds from the CVC transaction and the alternative possible uses for those cash proceeds. I mean, you're right. I think we have discussed this in the past. We do not have or we didn't have at the time of the transaction any specific use for those cash proceeds. And that was not the main rationale to do the transaction. And we will remain, as I said before, very disciplined in looking at alternative investment opportunities. And we will look at opportunities that make sense for us with a long-term perspective. Obviously we do have identified opportunities in our current portfolio to invest, and we will continue to invest in our current portfolio. And we are also looking at opportunities outside of the current portfolio. We just announced recently the investments in GOSH, which is a sector which we like. The food and high-tech sector is the sector which we believe has a lot to do with SONAI, has a lot to do with who we are. And we will continue to look for opportunities in that segment, but also in other segments that somehow relate to us and where we feel that we have a right to play. But whenever we have something to announce, we will obviously do it. Rui, do you want to take the SONIMC questions? Sure. Hi, how are you? Thank you for your questions. Just beginning by...

October, the performance in October was very positive. Pretty much similar to the evolution that we presented in the like-for-likes in the third quarter. It was okay, and we feel very confident for the rest of the year, continuing to present very solid set of results. Going to the other question related to the market environment. Well, we'll continue for sure as aggressive as it is today. But we feel very confident to maintain the benchmark levels of profitability that we are presenting, and we all continue to present in the market. We're very confident due to the efficiency programs that we are developing internally, which came to us with very good results. Thank you. Just to follow up on that one, are you seeing inflation in negotiations with suppliers and energy costs, logistics? Very good point. Anything relevant? Yeah, well, up to now, what is happening is that in fact the energy costs and transportation costs are increasing heavily, but not yet having a dramatic point of view in terms of cost structure. But if the costs continue to evolve the way that we are seeing and we are witnessing in the last month, I'm sure that all retailers will need to consider those cost evolutions in the prices that they are offering to the customers, obviously. Very clear. Thank you. Thank you, João. Our next question comes from José Rito from CaixaBank. José, your line is now open. Yes, hi. Good afternoon to all. So a question on Sona AMC and both the clarification on the like-for-like momentum and margins. Just a quick question on the online sales performance that has been quite strong this year, despite the fact that last year was also a strong period for the online channel. If you can share some data on these channel economics, namely if it is already margin positive, and if it is not, what is needed for this part of the business to start to have a positive contribution to the BTA? So that will be my first question. Then on Vorten, we saw this strong like-for-like in the quarter. The question is if this was driven by Portugal or Spain or only Portugal, and what categories have been driving growth. And also on Vorten, in terms of market place strategy, if you can share any insights, namely the percentage of the GMD, any midterm targets, if this is margin accretive or not. And finally, I think that João mentioned that the online channel has also been performing very well. The question is if you are seeing lower sales densities in stores in Portugal. Thank you. Very good. Thank you, José. Let's do this in order. I'm listening to a bit of noise, so I'm not sure if everyone can mute. Okay. Better now. So let's take this in order. Let's start with Rui on Sona MC questions, and then Paulo will take the Vorten ones. Hi, Rui. How are you? I'm fine. And yourself? I suppose you are okay, according to your voice, which brings to me that you are in a good shape. And the question is very striking. In fact, generally, as we see the online business in our company, we see the business as an omnichannel approach, meaning the customers of the online are basically the same customers we have in the offline business. And when we look to the online business, we look to the customers we have on the online platform. Meaning, we look to the EBITDA of those customers, and they are offering us very high levels of EBITDA. Meaning, they are very profitable, meaning that the online is also very profitable to us. Yes, the online business as it is, well, if we only consider the acquisition, the purchases that the customers do in the online, we are fighting to get well. We are almost fighting to break even in terms of EBITDA. But those customers, the same customers go to our stores, and in fact, they combine the levels of EBITDA that they offer us are much higher than the average that we get from the regular customers. So we see that this operation has been very profitable, in fact. I don't know if I answered to your question. Very good. I think so. Should we move on to the Varton and Paltimont? Okay. Good afternoon to you all. Thank you, Jose, for your questions. So regarding the like for like and the geography performance, we saw positive like for like performance in all our geography. Strongest like for like in Spain, mainland, in fact, because we focused the operation in online and in one store, but mainly online, and we have been investing heavily to guarantee that we continue to grow. So in a like for like basis, we were able to grow significantly in Spain, especially on the online channel. But all geographies were positive in terms of like for like performance. Moving on to the marketplace, regarding the GMB percentage, it's still small, but it's growing very fast. And we have high ambitions for this business model. We believe it's going to be one of our main growth avenues in the long run. So we are preparing the company to expand in terms of new categories and repositioning the brand so that we are able to expand our business to these new categories and enlarge the marketplace contribution to our profitability. If it is profitable, yes, it is. As you know, the marketplace business model is quite simple, I would say. So we charge a commission to our sellers. We don't have stores. We leverage the online infrastructure. So it's certainly a credit to the EBITDA of the company. And moving on to our store performance, given the good performance of the online channel. In fact, in the third quarter, our offline market share grew. So our stores are performing very well. We see positive like for likes in our stores. Gaining market share, so very healthy operation offline. Notwithstanding the fact that we see the consumer electronics market slightly contracting in Iberia, at Vorten, our store performance has been positive. So everything is going for now very well. And I think I covered all the questions from José. Our next question comes from Arta Amaro from Keisha Bank. Arta, your line is now open. Hi, good afternoon, everyone. I have two questions, if I may. I would like to know if it's possible to disclose the market share of Sona MC and Vorten, since you have been repeatedly gaining market share. And if possible, number two and number three in terms of players. And I also understood that this partnership with CTT has changed the business model of Sona Financial Services. So when can we expect positive EBITDA for this division? And thank you for taking my questions. Very good. Thank you, Arthur. I'll take the last one on the partnership with CTT, and then I will ask Rui and Paulo to comment whatever they can disclose on the competitive positions in both Sona MC and Vorten. So regarding the partnership with CTT, as you know, as we've discussed before, it's a change in business model. And so previously with the partnership with BNP, we had a commission which we charged upfront for the generation of credit, of loans. And now we are basically building a credit along the time. And so this means that we will take a while until we reach run rate in terms of credit production. And so we have this initial value in terms of credit production, which translates into lower results. Going into your question directly, this is temporary. And we expect to reach positive levels of EBITDA in the next few quarters and reach the same level of profitability at least that we have historically in the next 12 to 18 months, depending obviously on the evolution of the business and obviously also the restrictions that are still in place and that also affects our financial

services activity. Very clear. Thank you, João. Rui, Paulo, can you shed some light on the question that Arturo posed, please? Okay, sure. Hi, this is Rui. Well, starting by the questions regarding the market share, well, this is a very difficult issue to approach because there are several institutions, well, there is no institution giving us the proper figures for market share in Portugal. What we generally use is some internal research regarding the market evolution and also information from Nielsen. Nielsen generally gives us the market share variation and in fact we are growing in terms of market share 30 basis points compared to 2020 and roughly almost one percentage point comparing to 2019, which is amazing. Well, for instance, the other big players in Portugal being Lost is growing 20 basis points in terms of market share according to Nielsen, but it's losing two percentage points against 2019. Well, then we have other players losing market share, like, for instance, Internachi this year. Internachi is losing market share. Mini Press is losing market share. Woshan losing market share. And Lidl growing market share is growing roughly 40 basis points in terms of market share and reaching approximately 10 percentage points in terms of market share. Ourselves, 9 to 10 percentage points in terms of market share. Ourselves, we believe that we have approximately 24% of market share. 24. And we continue to grow market share and we feel very confident to assume that we, according to last figures in October, we continue to gain some market share. So, just a little follow-up, Rui. So, the gap between you and player number two, in this case, Bingbos, has been widening. Yes, yes. Over the last... Yes, yes. Well, yes, because it would be very simple. If we compute, for instance, the sales, the analysis of the market and the sales that we use, basically sales from our hyper and super divisions, the difference between those two players are increasing every year. And we are gaining market share. And in this year, we will continue to gain some market share comparing to the figures that we were having last year. Very clear. Thank you very much, Rui. Thank you, thank you. So, regardless of the sources, we have been widening the leadership gap versus the second player in the market in the last two years, quite significantly. Paulo, do you want to take the Vorten question? Sure. Thank you for the question, Arturo. So, regarding the Vorten market share, we also use some references based on market research, mainly a panel of retailers that work with GFK, in our case. This panel of retailers covers the large majority of the market. Notwithstanding, it doesn't cover all the market, so we have to do some estimates and some extrapolations to reach our estimate. And it's our own estimate of market share, which is not, as Rui was mentioning, it's also the case in Vorten. We don't have any official number of market share. So, regarding Vorten in Portugal, we have around 30% market share. 30? 30, yeah. 30, thank you. And our estimate, and we are market leaders clearly. In the Canary Islands, we are co-leaders with MediaMarkt. And we have a very small operation in Spain. Regarding the overall market share in Portugal, which is what impacts more our results, we have gained around 1.8% market share in the third quarter, and year to date, 1.3%. By the way, can you just give us a little idea of how much is the percentage market share of player number two in Portugal? No, we don't have that information. Okay. Very well. Thank you very much, everyone. I think it's also fair to say that our online market share is very close to our offline market share. And in some quarters, it has even surpassed our offline market share in recent times. It was the case again in the third quarter, but it's very similar, one way or the other. Thank you. Thank you, Arturo. Our next question comes from Antonio Saladas from AS Independent Research. Antonio, the line is now open. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations for the figures. I have two questions. The first one is related with SOP, if you have any information that you can provide us regarding the legal process, when it should finish or what are your thoughts about it. And the second question is still related with your financial structure that you mentioned that is quite solid, probably solid than ever. Should we consider next, or it makes sense to consider next scenario by March, April next year, if you don't buy anything until the first quarter or not? Thank you very much. Thank you, Antonio. So on SOP, the answer is a quite straightforward one. It's no. We don't have any developments on the judicial front. So unfortunately, the situation remains the same. Again, as we said before, the company has not been affected by this by any means. And so the company, as you can see by the results, is still operating, continues to operate normally and executing its strategy. And the 5G auction was a very important milestone in terms of strategy execution and something that we wanted to ensure, to ensure that the company would come out of the auction as a leader in terms of spectrum acquisition. And so that's the most important thing for us. Obviously, we would like the judicial situation to evolve and to enable us to execute what we have announced to the market already over a year ago. But unfortunately, up until now, we do not have any more developments to communicate. Regarding the financial structure and the possibility of an extraordinary dividend. Look, this is obviously, as you know, we are still far away from the end of the year. It's not Sunai's practice to distribute extraordinary dividends as long as we have interesting investment opportunities to allocate our capital. And I would use that as your base case scenario going forward. We have a very steady and stable dividend policy. We believe that it is a very attractive one with a very interesting dividend yield. And so I would not expect an extraordinary dividend. But it is a question to be discussed at the end of the year. And obviously, we're still in November. But I would take that assumption as your base case. Okay. So regarding ZOPT, your intention to break down the joint venture still remains valid? Yes. Yes. So we have not changed our intention. Not only our intention, but also the agreement with our partner to do so. And so we have reached an agreement over a year ago with our partner to dissolve the partnership. And that still is our intention. But obviously, we would like to do it making sure that we have no issues with judicial authority and that the solution can occur in the smoothest way possible. And that's why we have been patiently waiting for that possibility to occur. But up until now, things are still a bit tied up. Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you, Antonio. There are no further questions from the participant lines. I will now hand over the floor to Mr. João Dolores. Okay. So if there are no further questions being posed, I would like to thank you all for listening and for placing your questions. And next time we speak, we'll be on the back of the yearly results, which we continue positive that we'll maintain the positive trend that we've seen up until now. So thank you very much for listening and see you next time. To conclude today's event, we thank you for all your presence today. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

