 Welcome to SONNE's first nine months of 2021 results conference call.
 During the introduction hosted by Mr. Joel Dolores, Sony CFO, all participants will be on listen only mode.
 After the introduction, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 If any participant has difficulty in a hearing at the conference at any time, please make
 sure you have yours fully plugged in or alternatively calling from a different device.
 If you go to ask a question during the Q&A course of the day, then you may do so by pressing
 star one on your telephone keypad. I'll now hand over to our host, Mr. Joab de Loris.
 Please go ahead sir.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, everyone.
 Thank you for attending SONI's Q3 results conference call.
 I am joined today by Rui Almayva from Salam MC,
 Paul Simons from Barton, Hugo Martins from Sonnet Fashion,
 Luis Matador from Sonight's Sierra.
 Steven Weisch from Sonia Investment Management and obviously our investment relations team.
 As usual, I will do a brief presentation with an overview of our performance in the
 quarter and also in the first five months of the year and afterwards we will open up
 the session for Q&A.
 Q&A.
 Starting with a market context, very briefly,
 As you all know, we continue to live under some restrictions and direct impacts from
 the pandemic during the quarter, but already with very encouraging improvements over the
 the last few months.
 the vaccination rates in both Portugal and Spain are quite high. And therefore, the public health
 of context remained largely under control,
 which enabled a gradual return to normality.
 Before we dive into the operational performance, I would like to give you a
 an overview of our most recent portfolio management activity.
 So this was a particularly active quarter for SONI as we announced a major deal in the
 beginning of August by establishing a partnership with CDC, in which we sold a 24.99% stake
 of Sony IMC for initial upfront value of 528 million euros.
 We also acquired GOSH, a UK plant-based food manufacturer, which allows Sonite to invest
 in a high potential sector while expanding our international footprint and driving a
 more sustainable future.
 And in addition, and also during the quarter, Sun IMC sold its 50% stake in MaxMap and Sun
 IIM monetized its interest in BizDirect and CD4 and also entered in the shared capital
 So now, going to the operational results, starting with SONIN-C.
 For some INC, this was another positive quarter with a strong delivery from the food format
 and also a robust recovery of the non-food format after a long period of restrictions
 which impacted these banners quite significantly.
 Total turnover grew 5.3% year-on-year and 2.3% life-for-life in Q3.
 The exact same evolution as in the first half of the year on the back of a very good trading
 performance of 2020.
 In food retail, we continue to gain market share and increase our leadership gap, having
 posted positive life-for-life growth across all formats.
 The online business also continued to grow,
 having reached a 40% year-on-year increase in the first nine months of the year, proving
 that our digital approach is being well-recognized by our customers, and also translating it
 to higher loyalty levels, which significantly impact store sales.
 regarding profitability and sometimes he maintained a broadly stable in the
 line of ETA, margin of 10.9% in the quarter, and on the back of productivity gains and
 and the permanent fine-tuning of its core business processes,
 in spite of some pressures that were felt
 in terms of energy costs.
 in the first nine months of 2021
 And the longevity improved 6.1% year-on-year overall to 384 million years with a margin
 of 9.9%.
 SONIMC also continued to execute on its expansion strategy with seven additional Continents
 bombilla stores, the proximity format, but also refurbishing a number of food retail
 units while investing in the reinforcement of its logistical capacity and also its
 technological background.
 In terms of free cash flow, the company reached 169 million euros in the first five months
 of the year, an additional $42 million when compared to last year, also driven by the
 by the conclusion of the sale of the 50% stake in MaxMap,
 which represented a cash in of 68 million euros.
 This cash flow generation led to a reduction in net debt of just over a hundred million
 years to 453 million even after the dividend payment of 140 million years in the second
 quarter of this year. So total net debt to an elongated DA reached an all-time low of
 of 2.9 times.
 Moving on to Wharton, as Wharton Q3 was also quite positive period for the business, Wharton
 ended the quarter with a 7.2% life-for-life growth, clearly showing the company's solid
 and recognize omnichannel value proposition,
 including the marketplace and also a significant growth
 in the services business mind,
 leading to the reinforcement of its leadership in Portugal.
 In terms of total sales, Vorten reached 285 million euros in Q3, a slight decrease here
 year of 3%, which is basically explained by the repositioning of the operation in Spain
 mainland.
 On a pro-forma basis, so excluding this movement,
 Consolidated turnover increased 8% year-on-year in the quarter.
 In year-to-date terms, total turnover increased 3.6% year-on-year,
 a 12% like-for-like increase, just over 800 million euros in the first nine months.
 The online channel continued to perform extremely well,
 I would say, and at the end of the first nine months,
 who was already above 30% versus 2020,
 which was already an extraordinary year
 for our e-commerce operation.
 So overall, online sales grew by a factor of three,
 since 2019.
 Regarding profitability, Nalanga Bittier reached 20 million years in Q3 and 51 million years
 up to September, a level of profitability which is a factor of both our top-line positive
 the performance, and also the repositioning process that we executed in this tank.
 It's a nice fashion.
 Q3 was marked by a sales performance that was increasingly positive throughout the quarter
 as COVID-19-related restrictions were gradually lifted.
 Still, total turnover reached 95 million years in the quarter, as 6% year-on-year decrease,
 which reflects a week with an expected recovery of footfall and sales performance after the
 the reopening of stores in Portugal.
 in year-to-date terms, and despite all the restrictions
 to store operations in the beginning of the year.
 So my fashion's total turnover stood at 230 million euros,
 almost in line with 2020, which is a positive sign in our view.
 In terms of profitability, I would like to highlight that science fashion was able to
 to post an underlying ADA of 8 million euros in the quarter, which means that the year
 year-on-year evolution in year-to-date terms is still quite positive.
 As for IBM Sports Retail Group, the latest quarter showed another very positive set of
 results, both versus last year, but also versus 2019, and total growth versus 2019 actually
 We reached 32%.
 the online channel remaining an important growth avenue for the company, so total e-commerce
 sales increased by a factor of four since 2019, and this is still before the consolidation
 of Depar Village, the acquisition that was made at the end of June, beginning of July,
 which
 it will only impact revenues in the coming quarter.
 So overall, the last nine months,
 registered top line levels above both last year and 2019 figures, as I said before, with
 total turnover reaching 590 million years, a double-digit increase of 26% year-on-year
 end of 18% versus the nine months in 2019.
 Regarding a bit here once again the top line improvement was able to drive profitability
 upwards, and in the last nine months, EBITDA improved by 51 million years year on year
 and 20 million euros versus the same period of 2019.
 So this resulted in an NPTA margin improvement to 11.5%.
 All in all, the contribution of ISRG to SunEye's results in Q3 reached 6.7 million
 about both 2020 and 2019 figures.
 This performance has carried on to August and September with ISRG showing growth and
 profitability enhancements in line with the ones that we saw in previous months across
 all channels and geographies.
 going forward and looking at SunEye Sierra.
 Sanay Cierra's operational activity showed steady progress during Q3, following the
 improvement of the pandemic context and also the relief of restrictions in our main European
 in geographies.
 In this context, occupancy rates remain high, and 10 sales were already very close to 2019
 levels in the European portfolio at the end of the quarter, and in some assets even above
 2019 level.
 The services business line delivered a positive evolution in the quarter showing significant
 signs of returning to a more normalized activity.
 And if we look on a proportional accounting basis, direct result in Q3 stood at 12 million
 years in the quarter already practically in line with 2019 and 23 million years in the
 the first nine months of the year,
 which compares with five million years last year.
 indirect result in the court it was practically flat as we typically do not
 revalue assets in Q3 and all in all net income reached six million euros in the first nine
 month of the year, which represents a year-on-year increase of 26 million euros.
 NEV increased marginally to 913 million euros, and LTV remained at quite conservative levels.
 That's on I Financial Services.
 The performance was overall positive in operational terms.
 The main leading indicators showed sustained improvements after the relief and restrictions
 and also the gradual increase in consumer confidence.
 The universal operation continued to increase its customer base, and the number of cards
 The number of users reached 936,000, an increase of 23,000 versus the previous quarter, and
 The efforts to develop the digital front continued and today circa 60% of universal
 credit card clients are already digital users.
 The market share in the universal cards continues to increase and reached 14% year-on-year in
 in Portugal, year to date, which compares to 13.5%
 for the same period last year.
 In terms of financial results, Sony AFS delivered a total consolidated turnover of 9 million
 in the quarter, in line with last year, and only slightly below 2019.
 In terms of profitability, results are still subdued given the transition stage which we
 we are living in, going into the new business model with Banco CTT.
 to MDS which has been posting very
 very positive results with significant increases both in top line and operating profitability
 when compared to 2020 and also to 2019.
 So, all in all, in proportional terms and considering the 50% stake in MDS turnover
 for the first nine months of the year stood at 49 million year old, slightly below last
 year.
 and VTA was practically null given the transition stage
 mentioned before, add some line steps with Banco CTT.
 Moving on to some I AM.
 Q3 was another quarter with important developments
 in the portfolio management front,
 with the conclusion of the sale of BizDirect and CB4
 during the quarter, which resulted in capital gains
 over around 10 million euros
 and also in the first nine months of the year,
 Sanayim concluded the acquisition of a minority state in a new company, SITCON, which specializes
 in technology for retail.
 In terms of operational performance, an IAM recorded better at top line and not a longer
 and in the first nine months of the year total turnover increased by 6.4% year-on-year to
 43 million euros and then the line of IPA also continued to improve.
 So today, with a total cash invested of 150 million euros in the current portfolio, as
 of today, we're going to be looking at a total cash invested of 150 million euros in the
 September, but company's NAV amounts to 324 million euros.
 Moving on to Nosch.
 Notch continued to post a solid operational performance in the telco segment and the media
 an entertainment segment was marked by a strong recovery due to a steady return of people
 to movie theaters.
 The number amounted to 366 million euros in Q3, 5.6% above last year.
 second consecutive quarter of growth since the fourth quarter of 2019, leading to a turnover
 increase of 3.1% year-on-year in the first nine months, just above 1 billion euros.
 profitability followed the same trend with an ABK increase in Q3 of 6.6% year on year
 And in a year today, terms 1.4% to 478 million euros, which leads to a margin of 46%.
 That income increased by 2 million euros year on year to 46 million euros in Q3 and increased
 by more than 50% in year-to-date terms to 120 million euros in the first nine months,
 which obviously implies an increased contribution
 to our accounts.
 The company continues to show a conservative leverage profile, with a net debt to a big
 after these payments of 1.7 times and maintains an investment-grade profile.
 I would obviously like to highlight that already in October and after 200 days of bidding the
 the auction for the allocation of the 5G frequencies ended with NOSH acquiring the largest fraction
 of the spectrum's release and in all possible bands, which positions the business very well
 to lead the 5G revolution in Portugal.
 So, in consolidated terms, turnover surpassed five billion euros in the first nine months
 of the year, an increase of 4.7% year-on-year, mainly fueled by the positive contributions
 from Sun 9c and Fortin as well.
 Similarly, an Alangabit DA increased 6% year-on-year to 415 million years in the first
 Thank you very much.
 above last year by 22 million euros.
 So a little bit, yeah, in the first nine months of the year was positively impacted by the
 capital gains that I mentioned before related with the sale of Max Math at the IMC and also
 the sales of BISDirect, CB4, and RTQOLT, which happens in Q2, ads on IIM.
 All in all, EBITDA reached 531 million euros, standing significantly above last year, driven
 by the better and the like operational profitability, but also obviously by the significant level
 of capital gains and the recovery of equity methods consolidated in businesses.
 As a consequence, direct results reached 169 million years as of September versus 40 million
 years last year, while indirect income also improved versus 2020.
 All in all, net income reached 158 million euros this year, significantly above last
 figures but also significantly above 2019.
 In terms of operational cash flow, SunEye Sports 4 will release a total of 120 million
 year during the last 12 months and if we add to this the free cash flow generated in our
 reports, folio management activity,
 I saw nice pre-cash book before dividends paid stood at 555 million years in the last
 of months, which after the dividend payment, which occurred last May, led to a significant
 decrease in our consolidated net debt to 858 million years at the end of September and
 into an all-time low LTV of 9%.
 This solid capital structure is obviously complemented
 with a comfortable financing position,
 with a low cost of bet of 1.1%
 and an average maturity profile of 3.4 years.
 So this is it from me for now, and I will now open the session to Q&A.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now.
 As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star on your telephone keypad
 now.
 When preparing to ask your question, please ensure your device is unmuted locally.
 Our first question comes from Joelle Pinto from JB Capital.
 Well, your line is now open.
 Hello everyone, thanks for taking my questions.
 Firstly, on capital allocation, what do you intend to do with your own shares?
 Will you keep them to use as liquidity to invest in the future, or would you consider
 a cancellation. Secondly, also on capital allocation, following the SunIMC view, I imagine you're
 We're looking for alternatives to invest.
 We know you're...
 You are not in a rush, but can you tell us if you are already seeing good candidates to acquire,
 including the sectors or nothing in the pipeline at the moment.
 Third, on Sony IMC, like for like, keep stalling despite the test counts.
 Can you tell us if it remained positive in October and also on IMC, can you give us some
 color on OPEX pressures and the competitive environment and how do you see much in evolving
 next year. Thank you.
 Thank you, Joao, for your questions. I will take the first one, then I'll ask who we
 to comment on this on IMC-1.
 So, in terms of capital allocation and starting with beyond shares, but the TRS cancellation
 was basically a financing decision.
 And so, as you know, the equity swap that we had with the Banco BPI was a financing
 arrangements and obviously with the significant cash flow seats that we
 received in recent months.
 We had to optimize our credit facilities, and this is one of the operations that we
 decided to terminate given the analysis that we made.
 So these shares and all honesty, these shares were already in accounting terms.
 we've already considered as own shares.
 and they were also in practice.
 our shares as we were exposed economically to the variation of the shares.
 And so in that regard, nothing really changes for us.
 So basically, we terminated a financing arrangement,
 and those shares remain as our own shares.
 so we do not have any changes in the outlook
 them and the possible usage of these shares going into the future.
 So again, the straight answer to your question is no,
 we don't plan to cancel these shares.
 Regarding the cash proceeds from the CVC transaction and the alternative possible uses for those
 cash proceeds.
 You're right.
 I think we have discussed this in the past.
 We do not have, or we didn't have at the time of the transaction, any specific cues for
 those cash proceeds. And that was not the main rationale to do the transaction. And we
 We will remain, as I said before, very disciplined in looking at alternative investment opportunities.
 we will look at opportunities that make sense for us with a long term perspective.
 Obviously, we do have identified opportunities
 in our current portfolio, and we will continue to invest in our current portfolio, and we
 We are also looking at opportunities outside
 of the current portfolio.
 We just announced recently the investments in gosh,
 which is a sector which we like.
 This food and act-ex sector is the sector which we believe has a lot to do with sunlight,
 has a lot to do with who we are and we will continue to look for opportunities in that
 segments, but also another segment that somehow relates to us and where we feel that we have
 a right to play. But whenever we have something to announce, we will obviously do it.
 Would you want to take the time to see questions?
 Sure.
 Good job.
 Hi.
 Thank you for your question and the beginning by October and the performance in October
 was very positive, pretty much similar to the evolution that we presented in the electrolytes
 in the third quarter.
 And then we feel very confident to the rest of the year, continue to present very solid
 That's all for this one.
 So, going to the other question related to the market environment, well, we'll continue
 for sure, as aggressive as it is today.
 we feel very confident to maintain the benchmark levels of profitability that we are presenting
 and we will continue to present in the market,
 which we're very confident with due to the efficiency programs that we are developing
 internally which came to us with a very good, very good results.
 Thank you.
 follow up on that one.
 Are you seeing inflation in negotiations with suppliers and energy costs, logistics?
 Very good point.
 Anything relevant?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, well, up to now, what is happening is that, in fact, the energy costs and transportation
 costs are increasing heavily, but not yet having a dramatic, dramatic, dramatic point
 of view in terms of the cost threat, but if the costs continue to revolve the way that
 that we are seeing, and we are witnessing in the last month.
 Yeah, for sure that all retailers will need to consider those cost evolutions in the price
 that they are offering to the customers, obviously.
 Very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you as well.
 Our next question comes from Jose Rita from Kasia Bank.
 Jose, your line is now open.
 Yes, bye.
 Yes, I see. Good afternoon to all.
 So, questions on AMC and post-clarification on the like for life, momentum and margin.
 Just a quick question on the online self-performance
 has been quite strong this year, despite the fact that last year was also a strong period
 for the online channel, if you can share some data on this channel economics, namely, if
 if it is already marching positive, and if it's not,
 if it is not what is needed for this part of the business to start to have a positive
 of contribution to the PTI.
 So that will be my first question.
 Then on Forten, we saw this strong life for like in the quarter, and the question is if
 if this was driven by Portugal or Spain or only Portugal and what categories I've been
 in driving growth and also important in terms of market place strategy if you can share
 any insights, namely the percentage of GMT, enemy term targets, is this much in a critical
 And finally, I think that João mentioned that the online channel has also been performing
 very well.
 If you are seeing lower sales densities in stores in Portugal, thank you.
 Very good.
 Thank you, Zay.
 Yeah, let's do this.
 That's a bit in order. I'm listening to a bit of noise, so I'm not sure if everyone can mute.
 Okay, better now.
 So let's pick this in order.
 Let's start with who you are in the sometimes see questions and then follow we'll pick the
 Thank you very much.
 Hi, how are you? I'm fine. And so I suppose that you are okay, according to your voice,
 It seems to me that you are in a good shape.
 And the question and the question is very, very striking.
 In fact, generally, as we see online business in our company, we see that the business
 as an omnichannel approach, meaning the customers of the online are basically the same customers
 we have in the offline business, and when we look to the online business, we look to
 the customers we have in the online platform, meaning we look to the everyday ETA of those
 customers and they are offering us very high levels of ABTDA meaning they are very profitable
 meaning that the online is also very profitable to us.
 Yes, the online business, as it is, well, if we only consider the acquisition and the
 depression that our customers do in the online, we are fighting to get well, we are almost
 fighting to break even in terms of VTDA, but those customers, the same customers go to
 the other stores.
 In fact, they combine the levels of the ABTDA that they offer us are much, much, much,
 higher than the average that we get from the regular customer.
 So we see that this operation has been very profitable, in fact.
 I don't know if I answered your question.
 That's very good.
 I think so.
 So, shall we move on to the Vartan and Paltimai?
 Okay.
 Good afternoon to you all.
 Thank you, Zovey, for your questions, so regarding the like for like and the geography
 performance.
 We saw
 ...
 like performance in all of our geographies.
 strongest, like for like in Portugal, but sorry, in Spain, mainland, in fact, because
 We focused the operation in online and in one stop, but mainly online and we have been
 invested heavily to guarantee that to continue to grow.
 So in a lot of life sizes, we were able to grow a significant point in Spain, a special
 on my channel.
 That's better.
 other things were positive in terms of like like self-performance. Moving on to the market
 close regarding the GMD percentage, it's still small but it's growing very fast and we have
 high ambitions for this business model. We believe it's going to be one of our main
 growth avenues be the long run.
 So, you know, we are preparing the company to expand in terms of new categories and
 with
 positioning the brands so that we are able to expand our business to these new categories
 and enlarge the marketplace contribution to our profitability.
 If it is profitable, yes, it is, as you know the marketplace business model is quite simple
 I would say, so we charge a commission to our sellers.
 We don't have stores, we leverage the online infrastructure, so it's certainly a corrective
 to be a bit of the campaign.
 moving on to our store performance, even the good performance of the online channel.
 In fact, in the third quarter, our off-line market share
 So our stores are performing very well.
 see positive life for life in our stores.
 Gaining market share, so very healthy operation offline, notwithstanding the fact that we
 We see the consumer electronics market slightly contracting in IBB at work and our stock performance
 So it's been positive.
 So everything is going for now very well.
 Thank you.
 And I think I covered all the questions from Jove.
 Our next question comes from Arthur Amaro from Keshebank. Arthur, your line is now open.
 Hi, good afternoon everyone. I have two questions if I may. I would like to know if it's possible
 to disclose the market share of Sony IMC and Vorton since you have been repeatedly gaining
 market share and if possible number two and number three in terms of players.
 And I also understood that this partnership with the CTT has changed the business model
 of Sonay financial services, so when can we expect positive EVTDI for this division?
 And thank you for taking my question.
 Very good, thank you Artur.
 I'll take the last one on the partnership with CTT
 And then I will ask who you and Paulo to comment whatever they can disclose on the competitive
 positions in both Sun IMC and Barton.
 So regarding the partnership with CTT, as you know, as we discussed before, it's a change
 in business model and so previously with a partnership with BNP we had a commission
 which was which we charged up front for the generation of credit of loans and so and now
 Now we are basically building a credit.
 We are building a credit along the time, and so this means that we will take a while until
 we reach run rate in terms of credit production.
 And so we have this initial value
 in terms of production, which translates into lower results.
 going into your question directly.
 This is temporary, and we expect to reach positive levels of a BPA in the next few quarters
 and reach the same level of profitability at least that we have historically in the
 next 12 to 18 months, depending obviously on the evolution of the business and obviously
 but also the restrictions that are still in place
 that also affects our financial services activity.
 Okay. Very clear. Thank you, Juan.
 Rui, Paolo, can you shed some light on the question that Ertugrul posed, please?
 OK, sure.
 It's all right.
 That's good.
 Well, it's starting by the questions regarding the market share.
 as well.
 a very difficult issue to approach because there are several institutions, well, there
 But no institution is giving us the proper figures for market sharing in Portugal.
 to be generally used with some internal research regarding the market share evolution and also
 The information is from Nielsen.
 Nielsen generally gives us the market share variation and in fact we are drilling in terms
 of market share to 30 basis points comparing to 2020 and roughly almost one percent or point
 comparing to 2019, which is amazing.
 Well, for instance, the other site in Portugal,
 I think those is growing 20 pages point in terms of market share, according to Newton,
 that it was losing two percentful points against 2019.
 Well, then we have other players losing market share like, for instance, Intermaché this
 Indonesia is losing market share,
 mini-press is losing market share,
 Wushan losing market share,
 share, and the little growing market share is growing roughly 40 basing points in terms
 of market share and reaching approximately 10% of the point in terms of market share
 ourselves.
 nine to ten percent of all points in terms of market share.
 ourselves, we believe that we have approximately 24% of market share and we continue to grow
 market share and we feel very confident to assume that according to last figures we knocked
 So we'll continue to gain some market share.
 So just a little follow-up quick.
 So the gap between you and player number two, in this case,
 I think those has been widening.
 Is it possible?
 Exactly.
 Over the last...
 Yes, yes, well, yes, because it's very simple.
 If we compute, for instance, the sales, they are, they, they get announced to the market
 and the sales that we use, basically sales from our hypers and super divisions, the difference
 between those two players are increasing every year and we are gaining market share in this
 This year we will continue to take some market check comparing to the ticket that we were
 having WAPU.
 Very clear. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 So, regardless of the sources, we have been widening the leadership gap versus the second
 employment in the markets in the last two years, quite significantly.
 Paul, do you want to take the Vartan question?
 Sure. Thank you for the question, Artur. So regarding the bottom market share,
 We also use some references based on marketry search.
 mainly a panel of retailers that
 that work with GFK in our case, get covered on just this panel of retailers that covers
 the large majority of the market.
 Another thing, it doesn't cover all the markets, so we have to do some estimates and some
 congratulations to reach our estimate, and it's our own estimate of market share, so
 It's not as real as mentioning itself of a case in Warton.
 we don't have any official number of market share.
 So regarding what's important in Portugal, we have around 30% market share and we are
 market share.
 Thirty?
 Thank you.
 You know, nice to meet all of you.
 Thank you.
 And they are market leaders, clearly.
 In the Kenne Islands, we are co-leaders with the media markets, and we have a very small
 operation in Spain.
 Regarding the overall market share in Portugal, which is what impacts more our results, we
 We have gained around 1.8% market share in the third quarter, year to date 1.3%.
 And by the way, can you just give us a little idea of how much is the percentage of market
 Cheryl, player number two in Portugal?
 No, we don't have that information.
 Okay, very well.
 Thank you very much.
 I think it's also fair to say that our online market share is very close to our offline
 market share and in some quarters it has even surpassed the offline market share in recent
 Thank you.
 It was the case again in the third quarter, but it's very similar, one way or the other.
 Thank you, one second.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Antonio Saladas from AS Independent Research.
 Antonio, the line has now opened.
 Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations for the figures.
 I have two questions.
 The first one is related with SOP, if you have any information that you can provide regarding
 And this takeoff process, when it's finished or what are your thoughts about it.
 And the second question is still related with your financial structure that you mentioned
 that the...
 is quite solid, probably solid or never, should we consider next, or it makes sense to consider
 the next extraordinary dividend by March, April, next year if you don't buy anything
 until the first quarter or not, thank you very much.
 Thank you, Antonia. So unsopped, the answer is a quite straightforward one. It's no. We do not have any developments on the judicial front.
 So, unfortunately, the situation remains the same.
 Again, as we've said before,
 and the company has not been affected by this by any means and so the company is as you
 you can see by the results is still operating, continues to operate normally and executing
 its strategy, and the 5G auction was a very important milestone in terms of strategy execution
 and something that we wanted to ensure,
 ensure that the company would come out of the auction as a leader in terms of the spectrum
 acquisition and so that's the most important thing for us obviously we would
 would like to do this situation to evolve and to enable us to execute what we have announced
 to the market already over a year ago.
 Unfortunately, up until now, we do not have any more developments to communicate.
 regarding the financial structure and the possibility
 of an extraordinary dividend.
 But this is obviously, as you know,
 We are still far away from the end of the year.
 It's not so nice practice to distribute extraordinary
 evidence, as long as we have interesting investment opportunities to allocate our capital.
 And I would use that as your base case scenario going forward.
 We have a very steady and stable dividend policy.
 we believe that it is a very attractive work
 with a very interesting dividend yield.
 And so I would not expect an extraordinary dividend,
 But it is a question to be discussed at the end of the year, and obviously it's still
 but we're still in November assumption as your base case.
 Okay. So regarding your intention to back down the joint venture, it still remains valid. Yes.
 Yes, so we have not changed our intention, not only our intention but also the agreement
 with our partner to do so, and so we have reached an agreement over a year ago with
 our partner to dissolve the partnership and that still is our intention and so but obviously
 we would like to do it.
 and making sure that we have no issues with judicial authority.
 and that the solution can occur in the smoothest way possible.
 And that's why we have been patiently waiting for that possibility to occur.
 up until now.
 things are still a bit tied up.
 Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Antonio.
 There are no further questions from the participant lines.
 I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Joel Dolores.
 Okay, so if there are no further questions being posed, I would like to thank you all
 for listening and for placing your questions and
 And next time we speak, we'll be on the back of the yearly results, which we continue
 positive.
 will maintain the positive trend that we've seen up until now.
 So thank you very much for listening and see you next time.
 This concludes today's event. We thank you for all your presence today.
 Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines.