 Hello, ladies and gentlemen.
 Thank you for standing by for RLX Technology Inc.'s third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 After management's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.
 Today's conference call is being recorded and is expected to last for about 45 minutes.
 I will now turn the call over to your host, Mr. Sam Song,
 Head of Investor Relations of the company.
 Please go ahead, Sam.
 Thank you very much.
 Hello everyone and welcome to RRX Technologies third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 The company's financials and operational results were released through PL Newswire services earlier today and have been made available online.
 You can also view the earnings press release by visiting the IR section of our website at IR.ResultsPack.com.
 Participants on today's call will include our co-founder, chairperson of the Board of
 directors, and chief executive officer, Ms. Kate Wang, chief financial officer, Mr. Chao Lu,
 and myself, Sam Sen, Head of Investor Relations.
 Before we continue, please note that today's discussions will contain four
 requirements.
 Thank you.
 under the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Licification
 Reborn Acts of 1995.
 These statements typically contain words such as may, will, expat, target, estimate,
 and correct?
 attempt, belief, potential, continue, or other similar expressions.
 A third of his statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties.
 The accuracy of these statements may be impacted by a number of business rates
 and uncertainties that could cause actual results
 to differ materially from those projected or anticipated.
 Many of which factors are beyond our control.
 The company, its affiliates, advisors, representatives and underwriters do not undertake any obligations to update this forward-looking information.
 except as required under the applicable law.
 Please note that RX Technologies earnings press release and this conference call include
 discussions of unaudited GAAP financial measures as well as unaudited non-GAAP financial measures.
 The OLX press release contains a reconciliation of the unaudited non-gap measures to the unaudited
 gap measures.
 I will now turn the call over to Ms. Kate Wang.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Sam, and thanks, everyone, for making time to join our conference call today.
 In the second half of the third quarter, there have been progressive regulatory developments
 through the global e-vapor space, including in China.
 Friday.
 November 26, 2021.
 The State Council announced its decision to amend the Detailed Inputation Regulations
 of the State Council.
 of the Tobacco Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China.
 by adding Rule 65, which states that implementation rules for next-generation tobacco
 products, including e-cigarettes, shall refer to as relevant rules with respect to cigarettes
 under the implementation regulation of the Tobacco Monopoly Law.
 On Tuesday, November 30, 2021, the State Tobacco Monopoly Administration released a consultation
 paper entitled
 electronic cigarettes
 on national public service platform for standards information.
 under the State Administration for Market Regulation.
 seeking public comment regarding National Electronic Cigarette Product Standards.
 Yesterday, December 2nd, 2021, the State Tobacco Monopoly Administration released a consultation paper entitled,
 and administrative measures for electronic cigarettes.
 address.
 in public comment regarding administrative measures on electronic cigarettes covering
 various aspects, including production, distribution, and retail sales, import and export, and
 infections.
 We firmly support this amendment to the detailed implementation regulations.
 and have begun making any required chance to fully comply with the new regulations.
 administrative measures.
 We believe the amendment will pave the way for long-term and sustainable growth in this sector.
 We are also aware of meaningful worldwide regulatory developments, which reflect similar
 trends globally. In the United States, the FDA has made substantial progress reviewing
 PMTA applications.
 .
 Thank you.
 authorization in October, demonstrating its recognition of certain evapor products
 harm reduction.
 reduction effects.
 We closely follow global regulatory developments
 and view this regulation of e-vapor products as a global trend
 and will grow as countries worldwide recognize
 of evil products harm reduction benefits for adult smokers.
 With these regulatory developments especially in China,
 China.
 We believe the sector will enter a new era of development, an era marked by enhanced product safety and quality.
 augmented social responsibilities,
 and improved electropropity protection.
 As some of you may be aware,
 The third quarter was challenging on the commercial front for the entire industry value chain,
 had been reflected in our key value chain partners,
 financial results previously.
 to be placed.
 Misinformation from temperature and negative publicity on the e-vapor sector and evolving
 COVID-19 restrictions.
 in response to outbreaks in China,
 which we discussed during the last quarter's earnings call,
 has had a significant
 and adverse impact on the retail sales and product procurement by our branded floor since
 It's a letter.
 half the second quarter.
 As a result, we have record 34% quarter-over-quarter decline in our net revenue.
 But we believe this revenue decline to be temporary and have a clean plan, clear plan to achieve long-term healthy growth, which Chow will explain in detail later.
 Peace.
 Bye.
 those industry
 patterns
 We continue to focus on building a solid foundation for sustainable success.
 In the third quarter, we redoubled our scientific research efforts and continue to attract and
 recruit top talent to strengthen our sales, supply chain, and R&D capabilities.
 We are committed to providing adult smokers with innovative harm reduction products of the highest quality.
 Also at the ILX, we also plan and act for the long term.
 Corporate social responsibilities has been an integral part of values since day one.
 In the third quarter, we unveiled our 2020-2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report.
 we shared our progress with respect to our CSR initiatives.
 Some highlights include our industry-leading age
 Verification System Soundflower System 3.0 with enhanced features to prevent
 underage use.
 our Relaxed Care Community Service Program to promote rural revitalization and common
 prosperity.
 If...
 Thank you.
 accomplishments, our
 a testament to our dedication
 to fulfilling our social responsibilities.
 We strive to positively impact our users, employees, and communities in which we live.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Chao Lu.
 He will elaborate further on some of our last quarter's initiatives and go over our operational
 program.
 financial results, see more detail.
 Child, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Kate, and hello, everyone.
 I will start by sharing some of this quarter's major initiatives and developments, and then
 walk you through our key financial metrics we believe that offering the
 right products to the right user segments so the optimal route to market will be the key to our
 sustainable, high-quality growth.
 To this end, we continue to expand our product offerings to meet the needs of diverse user
 segment and optimize our distribution and retail networks to ensure quality
 growth.
 With respect to products, we are focused on offering better and more tailored vaping products
 for various user groups to help engage new users
 with the right product.
 This quarter, we introduced Yi Xiyun, a new brand targeting adult smokers with a long
 history of smoking.
 Our goal is to recreate an authentic smoking experience
 for adult smokers by launching eight tobacco-flavored cartridges in our initial stage.
 At the same time, we further upgraded Qinfeng, a more accessible product line catering to price-sensitive users' needs.
 We also recently relaunched STELA, or Xinhue in Chinese, a premium device line with upscale styling, including leather, lace, and other fashionable materials.
 We will continue to monitor user experiences very closely
 and launch innovative, targeted products at the right time.
 We also made several advancements in user retention and engagement during the quarter.
 We successfully upgraded our membership system, enabling members to enjoy more benefits as
 they accumulate reward points.
 A growing number of users are scanning the QR code on their cartridges to collect reward
 points which will allow us to empower users with instant product
 authentication.
 Separately, we have established more effective communication channels to provide unbiased,
 text-based scientific e-vapor product information to our users and the community.
 Finally, we are concentrating on distribution and retail channel optimization.
 Instead of engaging more distributors and expanding the number of our relaxed branded
 stores.
 This quarter, we prioritized our existing distributors' organizational upgrade.
 We encouraged our distributors to hire exceptional talent
 and refine their team structure within each department.
 We optimize the existing Relax Branded Partner Stores locations by identifying areas with
 high retail sales potential and encouraging store owners to adjust their operations accordingly.
 In addition, we provided online and offline trainings for store owners and sales personnel
 to enhance their communication skills
 and enrich their product knowledge.
 in order to counter the adverse effect from misinformation
 resulting from periodic negative publicity on our category.
 We have also upgraded our digitalization system for branded partner stores, providing improved
 some functionality and additional user portals to assist store owners and sales personnel
 now in their daily operations.
 For our other retail outlets, our focus in the third quarter was to identify prime outlets
 for expansion through trials in various channels.
 These trials resulted in several initial successes, including strong momentum in lifestyle
 channels and other key accounts.
 In addition to our emphasis on high-quality growth,
 we are deeply committed to fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities.
 We believe the healthy relationship between our products, users, shareholders, and the community
 has been essential to the growth we have achieved over RELAX's four-year history.
 With this in mind, we will work tirelessly to introduce new technologies to tackle industry pain points.
 For example, minor protection is one of RELAX's highest priority.
 We spend no effort in our minor protection initiative
 From product labels to trade channels and technology innovation.
 In June 2021, we began upgrading the Sunflower system.
 our technology driven minor protection system
 to version 3.0
 and currently equipped all of our branded store
 with the upgraded software.
 On the Sunflower System 3.0, all users are required to complete name plus ID number plus face recognition, three-step verification before purchasing.
 After the amendments to China's national standards become effective, we will strictly comply with any upgraded product requirements.
 For example, we are prepared to include minor protection features such as child safety locks.
 Similar to the feature which we have incorporated into our RelaxEye product line back in 2019.
 As a company that values long-term, high-quality growth, our commitment to social, corporate
 responsibility
 is at the core
 of our daily operation.
 To echo what Tate has pointed out previously, our game has entered the second half.
 with the State Council's decision to amend the detailed implementation regulations of the Tobacco Monopoly Law
 and the subsequent release of a consultation paper regarding national electronic cigarette product standards
 by the State Tobacco Monopoly Administration,
 as well as last night's release of a consultation paper
 regarding administrative measures on electronic cigarettes
 covering various aspects, including production, distribution and retail sales, import and export, and inspection.
 Different from the first half of the game, when the sector lacked clear regulatory guidelines,
 The second half is marked by enhanced product safety and quality, augmented social responsibility,
 and improved intellectual property protection.
 The investments we made in product, talent, research, and compliance in the third quarter
 and beyond will place us in an advantageous position of the new regulatory paradigm.
 We expect these investments to yield steady and sustainable growth soon and to reward
 and our shareholders in the long term.
 Turn into our financial results for the third quarter of 2021.
 one.
 Net revenue is decreased by 34% to RMB 1.68 billion, equivalent to U.S. dollar 260.2 million.
 in the third quarter of 2021 from RMV 2.54 billion in the second quarter of 2021.
 The decrease was the result of volatile market conditions, including one, negative eBay per
 the publicity since the latter half of the second quarter to the fact that the
 The draft new rules announced on March 22, 2021, had not been formally confirmed, and no new implementation details had been revealed during the quarter.
 and three
 evolving restrictions in response to COVID-19 outbreaks in China, which had a
 adverse impact on our sales and channel inventory management.
 Gross profit decreased by 42.8% to RMB $656 million, equivalent to U.S. dollar $101.8 million
 in the third quarter of 2021, from RMB 1.15 billion in the second quarter of 2021.
 The growth margin was 39.1% in the third quarter of 2021, compared to 45.1% in the second
 quarter of 2021.
 The decrease was primarily due to one, an increase in direct costs related to promotional
 activities, and two, an increase in inventory provision.
 Operating expenses were positive RMB 241.3 million, equivalent to U.S. dollar 37.5 million
 of 244.4% from RMB 167.2 million
 in the second quarter of 2021.
 Consisting of one, share-based compensation expenses of positive RMB 90.8 million,
 equivalent to U.S. dollar 14.1 million, recognizing selling expenses.
 Two, share-based compensation expenses of positive RMB 320.1 million, equivalent to
 U.S. dollar of $49.7 million, recognized in general and administrative expenses.
 And three, share-based compensation expenses of positive RMB, $112.8 million, equivalent to U.S. dollar, $17.5 million, recognized in research and development expenses.
 changes in fair value of the share incentive awards that the company granted to employees
 as affected by significant fluctuations of the company's share price.
 Selling expenses decreased by 55.1% to R&B 56.5 million, equivalent to U.S. dollar 8.8 million.
 in third quarter of 2021
 from R&B 126 million in the second quarter of 2021.
 The decrease was primarily driven by, first, the fluctuation of share-based compensation
 expenses, and second, a decrease in salaries and welfare benefits, partially offset by
 an increase in branding material expenses.
 General and administrative expenses decreased
 by 649.8% to positive RMB 253.2 million,
 RMB 253.2 minutes, equivalent to U.S. dollar 39.3 minutes
 in the third quarter of 2021.
 from RMB 46.1% in the second quarter of 2021.
 one.
 The decrease was primarily driven by the fluctuation of share-based compensation expenses and the decrease in salaries and welfare benefits.
 Research and development expenses decreased by 808.3% to positive RMB $44.6 million, equivalent to U.S. dollar $6.9 million.
 in the third quarter of 2021 from positive RMB 4.9 million in the second quarter of 2021.
 The decrease was mainly driven by the fluctuation of the share-based compensation expenses
 and a decrease in salaries and welfare benefits
 partially offset by an increase in software and technical expenses, and second, an increase
 and consulting expenses.
 Income from operations was RMB $897.3 million, equivalent to U.S. dollar $139.3 million in the third quarter of 2021.
 compared with RMB 979.3 million in the second quarter of 2021.
 one.
 Income tax expenses was R&B $121.4 million,
 equivalent to US$18.8 million in the third quarter of 2021,
 compared to R&B 204.2 million in the second quarter of 2021.
 one.
 decrease was primarily due to a decrease in taxable income.
 U.S. GAAP net income was RMB $976.4 million, equivalent to U.S. dollar $151.5 million in the third quarter of 2021.
 compared to RMD 824.3 million in the second quarter of 2021.
 Non-GAAP net income was RMB $462.7 million, equivalent to U.S. dollars $70.3 million in the third quarter of 2021,
 representing a decrease of 30.5% from RMB 651.8 million in the second quarter of 2021.
 U.S. basic and diluted net income per ADS were RMB 0.724, equivalent to U.S. dollar 0.112,
 and RMB 0.717, equivalent to U.S. dollar 0.111, respectively, in the third quarter of 2021.
 Compared to U.S. GAAP basic and diluted net income per ADS of RMB 0.595 and RMB 0.591, respectively, in the second quarter of 2021.
 Non-GAAP basic and diluted net income per ADS were RMB 0.336, equivalent to US dollar
 0.052, and RMD 0.333, equivalent to U.S.
 of $0.052 respectively in the third quarter of 2021.
 compared to non-GAAP basic and diluted net income per ADS of R&B 0.470 and R&B 0.467,
 respectively in the third quarter of 2021.
 equivalent to US dollar 2.28 billion.
 compared to R&B 14.88 billion as of June 30th, 2021.
 As of September 30, 2021, approximately U.S. dollar 1.64 billion, equivalent to RMB 10.59 billion,
 was denominated in U.S. dollar.
 for the third quarter ended September 30, 2021.
 net cash used in operating activities was R&B 142.9 million, equivalent to US dollar 22.2 million.
 This concludes our prepared remarks today.
 We will now open the call to Preston.
 Operator, please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question-and-answer session.
 to ask a question
 you may first start with one on your touchdown foul.
 If you're using a speakerphone, we ask that you please pick up your hands, Pat, before
 I'm pressing the keys.
 To withdraw your question, please press star them, too.
 And for the benefit of all participants on today's call,
 If you wish to ask your question to management in Chinese,
 please immediately repeat your question in English.
 Today's first question comes from Lydia Ling in Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, everyone.
 our health insurance management
 and benefit for the presentation.
 and this is D.D. Allen from Citi.
 I have two questions.
 My first question is, given the recent regulation of state development,
 So would you like to share with us how will your product portfolio evolve going forward
 and what changes can we expect to see in your existing product portfolio?
 And my second question is, so we saw the slowdown in the third quarter.
 So could you actually share more color on your first quarter-to-date operation trend
 trend and also your outlook for next year, given the current regulation update and also
 the COVID situation.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much Lydia. So regarding your first question regarding our
 product portfolio.
 So, it's very important.
 We do have a very clear power development strategy.
 As mentioned in the opening remarks, we try to offer device products to the right structure
 segments for the optimal route-to-market channel.
 So we do aware of the press conference held by the State Tobacco Monopoly Administration
 survey and also the announced public consultation of the National Electronic
 cigarettes across standards.
 So within the transition period for new requirements
 to become effective,
 will strangely comply with the regulatory guidelines.
 So regarding what would we change to our current product offerings, if and or when the draft
 National Electronic Seagrass Power Standards
 become effective.
 We anticipate we may need to modify some of our current
 offerings. However, we are very confident that such changes won't be complex for our company
 and we believe
 ask workers will still continue to seek out and use our products as harm
 reduction alternatives. So regarding your second question about 4Q outlooks and
 2020. So we currently do not have a guidance for the quarter together with
 next year, so we hope to share more when we have better clarity.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question today comes from Charlie Chen in China Renaissance.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, management, to take my questions.
 I have two questions here.
 the first one is
 Could you please share your observations on the current competitive landscape for this industry?
 Are there any changes compared to the first problem this year?
 And also, what are your thoughts on the retail pricing for the industry in the current environment?
 So that's the first question.
 And my second question is regarding single sales.
 sales. So what are the
 single-stool sales of RealX branded partner stores for now.
 From your perspective, where do you consider to be a healthy single-store sales level?
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much, Charlie.
 So, I mean, there are two questions.
 This one is on the Compactive Landscape and the other one is on our RealX-Brandopana stores.
 So I mean on the first one, as mentioned before, during the latter half of the second quarter,
 see that the industry development did not progress as expected.
 So indeed this has carried into the first quarter when we do see that there are external factors
 affecting the entire industry, including our company and also our peers, to varying degrees.
 regarding compass landscape.
 we have observed reduced industry competition as compared to the first half of 2021.
 So regarding like retail price that you have mentioned, so we do have increased promotional
 applications.
 in the third quarter are trying to drive our retail sales and reduce infantry
 pressure of our value chain.
 And we have also seen that given the third quarter decline in general consumer spending
 in China.
 Many others come from China.
 other companies
 Similarly,
 implemented studies or other self-incentives.
 So the overall magnitude of our subsidies or promotional efforts is relatively insignificant compared to other consumer goods companies in China.
 And we have start already, reducing it further.
 So going forward, we'll continue to monitor our infantry level together with user demand
 and adjust our promotional efforts promptly
 to maintain reasonable retail price for our end users.
 So regarding the second question about the single star cells and also how we mentioned healthy as the indicator.
 So, indeed, single-store sales, together with their profitability and every operating
 agreement, we challenge them again, so, indeed, we're going to be the best of our
 has been a really core focus in our day-to-day operations.
 as we are also aware of the industry-wide deep in retail sales starting in the second half of 2021.
 However, we also see that there has been recovery for many of our stores in recent months.
 is in shopping malls and some of them is on the streets and they also face different local
 environments.
 We believe each storage situation is very unique so indeed we internally do not have
 have a healthy parameter for a single-star
 as we look at it one by one.
 So, um, for a, um, um,
 brand new vapor company
 we have been devoting resources and tools to assist star owners and sales personnel in their data operations,
 including providing branding materials, POSM, training resources, digitalization tools, and enhanced start-site selection assistance.
 So indeed, for this quarter, we have also launched several new products and also upgraded our membership system to drive user engagement and retention better.
 So with these initiatives, we believe we can and we will continue to drive single-star
 ourselves of Relaxed Grand The Funnest DOS.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question today comes from Luis Lee at Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, management.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 So my question is only for the, also for the Q4 Outlook.
 I understand that you don't have the guidance, but you just mentioned that you have seen some recovery during the past month.
 now so could you be
 would you share with us more color on the recovery and in terms of the single store sounds and what
 What is the store count as for now?
 what is our target for the year-end.
 And also, what is the key course driver for the recovery?
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Luis.
 Based on our preliminary, quadrucates data, we do see sequential improvements in retail
 out and also channel inventory management.
 So we could share more about our strategies in the following aspects.
 So for Relaxed Branded Planet Stores, for quarter to date, we have been focusing on increasing
 single-star cells
 for our initial ETS being mentioned.
 And up till now, we do see the initial success.
 And for other retail audits, we do see strong growth momentum
 in star counts in multiple channels.
 and our retail channel has become more diversified
 from call to date.
 But of course, we are also keenly aware of the recent developments in the regulatory
 funds.
 especially yesterday's press release held by the State Tobacco Monopoly Administration.
 So we will straightfully follow to any new regulations and administrative measures.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question today comes from
 Thank you.
 I will be with CICC.
 Go ahead.
 Hi, your management and Pei Hang Liu at CICC.
 I have one question.
 is that what is the outlook
 for culture's development under the nicotine limit of 2%.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much, Junhao.
 So I believe you are actually referring to the Tuesday draft is a current secret product
 standards so indeed um as a global as a um u.s listed china company we have been long been aware
 of product requirements globally, including in the European Union and also the initial
 graph of national product vendors.
 So looking at the well-developed market penetration, we believe lowering nicotine concentration
 will affect some user assessment satisfaction.
 However, most of the add-on smokers could still satisfy with such nicotine content or limits in the long run.
 So from the perspective of product development or technology development, we have kicked off projects related to low nitrogen concentration, better satisfaction since 2019.
 and we do have the technical know-how
 and part of the resource.
 So currently, as you may know,
 Most of our hydrogen nicotine concentration is 3%.
 if such
 national standards become effective
 We'll strictly comply with all the requirements listed on the national product standards, including on equity content.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 And, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session.
 I'd like to turn the conference back over to the company for final remarks.
 Thank you once again for joining us today.
 If you have further questions, please feel free to contact RxTechnologies Investor Relations
 team.
 For the contact information provided on our website,
 our TPG master relations.
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 You may not have snitcher lines, and have a wonderful day.