 Hello, ladies and gentlemen.
 Thank you for standing by for RLX Technology Inc's third quarter 2021 Earning Conference Hall.
 At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 After management's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.
 Today's conference call is being recorded and is expected to last for about 45 minutes.
 I'll now turn the call over to your host, Mr. Sam Son.
 head of Investor Relations of the company.
 Please go ahead, Sam.
 Thank you very much.
 Hello everyone and welcome to our technology third quarter 2021 earnings conference call
 the company's financials and operational results
 were released through PM News, Maya Services,
 today and have been made available online.
 You can also build the earnings press release by visiting the IR section of our website
 at ir.resetsetag.com.
 Participants on today's call will include our co-founder, chairperson of the Board of
 of Directors and Chief Executive Officer,
 is Kate Wynne.
 Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Chow Lu, and myself, Sam Sen, head of Universal Relations.
 Before we continue, please note that today's discussions will contain four different statements
 made under the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. private securities litigation reform
 apps of 1995.
 These statements typically contain words such as,
 may, will, expect, target, estimate intent,
 Intent, believe, potential, continue, are other similar expressions.
 Fourth of his statements involved inherent risk and uncertainties.
 The accuracy of these statements may be
 by a number of business grace and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
 materially from those projected or anticipated.
 Many of which factors are beyond our control.
 The company is affiliates, advisors, representatives, and underwriters do not undertake any obligations
 to update this for looking at information.
 except as required under the applicable law.
 Please note that RX Technologies earnings press release and this conference call
 include discussions of unaudited gap financial measures, as well as unaudited non-gap financial
 measures.
 Our express release contains and reconciliation of the unaudited non-gap
 measures to the unordered gap measures.
 I will now turn the call over to Ms. Kate Wen.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you Sam and thanks everyone for making time to join our conference call today
 day.
 In the second half of the third quarter,
 there have been progressive regulatory developments
 through the global e-lipper space.
 and coding in China.
 Last Friday, November 26, 2021, the State Council announced its decision to amend the detailed
 implementation regulations of the tobacco monopoly law of the People's Republic of China.
 by adding Rule 65, which states that implementation rules for next-generation tobacco products,
 including these cigarettes.
 Shell referred to as relevant tools with respect to cigarettes under the implementation regulation of the tobacco monopoly law.
 On Tuesday, November 30th, 2021, the state tobacco monopoly administration released a
 of consultation paper.
 entitled, Electronic Cigarettes on National Public Service
 TAF loan for standards information.
 under the State Administration for Market Regulation.
 seeking public comment regarding national electronic secret product standards.
 Yesterday, December 2nd, 2021, the state tobacco monopoly
 of administration released a consultation paper
 entitled on administrative measures for electronic cigarettes.
 Deaking public comment regarding administrative measures, electronic cigarettes, covering various
 aspects, including production, distribution, and retail sales, import and export, and
 infections.
 We firmly support this amendment to the detailed implementation regulations.
 and have begun making any required attempts to fully comply
 with the new regulations and administrative measures.
 We believe the amendment will take the way for long-term and sustainable growth in this sector.
 We are also aware of meaningful worldwide regulatory developments, which reflects similar trends globally.
 in the United States.
 The FDA has made substantial progress reviewing TMPA applications
 and it's granted its first e-vapor product authorization in October, demonstrating its
 reclamation of certain UV preproducts,
 harm reduction effects.
 We closely follow global regulatory developments
 and view this regulation of e-vapor products as the global trend and we'll grow as countries
 Word of word, recognize the unit of product.
 harm reduction benefits for adult smokers.
 Thank you.
 Cheers.
 Applause.
 With these regulatory developments, especially in China, we believe the sector will enter
 a new era of development.
 and era market.
 mocked by enhanced product 15.
 and quality.
 of romantic social responsibilities.
 and improve electro property protection.
 As some of you may be aware, the third quarter
 was challenging on the commercial front for the entire industry battle chain, which had
 being reflected in our key value chain partner financial results previously.
 Missed information from Temperature in Active Public Chee-Yong Reservoir Sector and the Yee-Wol-Woon
 calling 19 restrictions.
 in response to outbreaks in China, which we discussed during the last quarter's EARN call,
 has a significant adverse impact.
 on the retail sales and product procurement
 that will brand a store.
 so letter half of the second quarter.
 As a result, we have record 34% quarter or quarter decline in our net revenue.
 But we believe this revenue decline to be temporary and have a clean plan, clear plan to achieve
 long-term healthy growth, which Chow will explain in detail later.
 Despite those industry problems, we continue to focus on building a solid foundation for
 This is tenable success.
 The third quarter, we doubled our scientific research efforts and continued to attract
 and recruit top talent to strengthen our sales supply
 and R&D capabilities.
 We are committed to providing adult smokers
 with innovative harm reduction products
 of the highest quality.
 Also at IOX, we also plan and act for the long term.
 corporate social risk responsibilities.
 such as being an integral part of values since day one.
 In the third quarter, we unveiled our 2020 to 2021
 and Corporate Social Responsibility Report.
 Therein we shared our progress with respect to our CSR initiatives.
 Some highlights include our industry-leading age verification system,
 Soundflower System 3.0 will enhance the features to present underage use.
 of a relaxed care community service program
 to promote rural revitalization and common prosperity.
 These accomplishments are a testament to our dedication to fulfilling our social responsibilities.
 We strive to positively impact our users, employees, and communities in which we live.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Cao Lu.
 He will elaborate for the summer while we're not
 color initiatives and go over our operational and financial results in more detail.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Kate. And hello, everyone. I will start by sharing some of this quarter's major initiatives and developments and
 and then walk you through our key financial metrics.
 We believe that offering the right products to the right user segments through the optimal
 route to market will be the key to our sustainable, high-quality growth.
 To this end, we continue to expand our product offerings
 to meet the needs of diverse user segments.
 and optimize our distribution and retail networks
 to ensure quality growth.
 With respect to product we are focused on offering better and more tailored vaping products for various user groups
 to help engage new users with the right product.
 This quarter, we introduced Yi Xiyun, a new brand targeting adult smokers with a long history of smoking.
 Our goal is to recreate an authentic smoking experience for adult smokers by launching
 Eight.
 flavored cartridges in our initial stage.
 At the same time, before the upgraded chimp phone,
 a more accessible product line
 is going to price-sensitive users' needs.
 We also recently re-launched Stella, or Xinhe in Chinese, a premium device line with upscale
 styling, including leather, lace, and other fashionable materials.
 We will continue to monitor user experiences very closely and launch innovative targeted products at the right time.
 We also made several advancements in use of retention and engagement during the quarter.
 We successfully upgraded our membership system, enabling members to enjoy more benefits as
 that they accumulate reward points.
 A growing number of users are scanning the QR codes on their cartridges to collect reward points,
 which will allow us to empower users with instant product
 authentication.
 Separately, we have established more effective communication channels to provide unbiased
 tax-based scientific ebay for product information to our users and the community.
 Finally, we are concentrating on distribution and retail channel optimization.
 Instead of engaging more distributors and expanding the number of our relaxed branded stores,
 This quarter, we prioritized our existing distributors' organizational upgrade.
 We encourage our distributors to high exceptional talents and refine their team structure within each department
 We optimized the existing relaxed branded partner stores location by identifying areas
 with high retail sales potential
 and encourage installments to adjust their operations accordingly.
 In addition, we provided online and offline trainings for store owners and sales personnel
 to enhance their communication skills and enrich their product knowledge.
 in order to counter the adverse effect from misinformation
 resulting from periodic negative publicity on all categories.
 We have also upgraded our digital light
 upgraded our digitalization system for branded partner stores, providing improved functionality
 and additional user portal to assist store owners
 and self-personnel in their daily operations.
 For our other retail outlets, our focus in the third quarter was to identify prime outlets for expansion through trials in various channels.
 These trials resulted in several initial successes, including strong momentum in lifestyle channels and other key accounts.
 In addition to our emphasis on high quality growth, we are deeply committed to fulfilling
 our corporate social responsibilities.
 We believe the healthy relationship between our products, users, shareholders, and the
 community has been essential to the growth we have achieved over relax's four-year history.
 With this in mind, we'll work tirelessly to introduce new technologies to tackle industry
 For example, minor protection is one of a relaxed highest priority.
 We spare no effort in our minor protection initiative.
 from product labels to trade channels and technology innovation.
 in June 2021.
 we began upgrading some flower systems.
 our technology-driven minor protection system
 to version 3.0 and currently equipped
 all of our branded store with the upgraded software.
 On the south.
 Flower System 3.0, all users are required to complete name, plus ID number, plus face
 Three steps verification before purchasing.
 After the amendments to China's national standards become effective, we will strictly
 with any upgraded product requirements.
 For example, we are prepared to include minor protection features such as child safety locks,
 Similar to the feature which we have incorporated into our relaxed eyes product line back in
 2019.
 As a company that values long-term, high-quality growth, our commitment to social corporate
 responsibility is at the core of our daily operations.
 The echo what Kate has pointed out previously.
 All game has entered the second half.
 with the State Council's decision to amend the detailed
 implementation regulations of the tobacco monopoly law
 and the subsequent release of a consultation paper
 regarding national electronic cigarette product standards.
 by the State Tobacco Monopoly Administration.
 as well as last night's release of a consultation paper.
 regarding administrative measures on electronic cigarettes,
 covering various aspects including production, distribution,
 and retail sales, import and export, and inspections.
 Different from the first half of the game, when the sector lacked clear regulatory guidelines.
 This second half is marked by enhanced products quality, safety and quality augmented social
 responsibility and improved intellectual property protection.
 The investments we made in products, talents, research, and compliance in the third quarter
 and beyond will place us in an advantageous position
 of the new regulatory paradigm.
 We expect these investments to yield steady and sustainable growth soon and to reward
 and I will sharehold it in the long term.
 Turning to our financial results for the third quarter of 2021.
 Net revenues decreased by 34% to RMB 1.68 billion, equivalent to US dollar $260.2 million.
 in the third quarter of 2021 from RMB 2.54 billion in the second quarter of 2021.
 The decrease was the result of volatile market conditions, including one, negative e-bay per
 in the publicity since the latter half of the second quarter to the fact that the new
 The draft new rules announced on March 22nd, 2021, had not been formally confirmed and
 and no new implementation details
 have been revealed during the quarter.
 And three, evolving restrictions in response to COVID-19 outbreaks in China, which had
 of us impact on ourselves and channel inventory management.
 Gross profit decreased by 42.8% to RMB 656 million equivalent to US dollar 101.8 million
 in the third quarter of 2021.
 from RMB 1.15 bidding in the second quarter of 2021.
 gross margin was 39.1% in the third quarter of 2021,
 compared to 54, sorry, 45.1% in the second quarter of 2021.
 The decrease was primarily due to one, an increase in direct costs related to promotional activities,
 to an increase in inventory provision.
 Operating expenses were positive R&B 241.3 million, equivalent to U.S. dollar, 37.5 million
 in the third quarter of 2021.
 representing a decrease of 244.4% from RMB 167.2 million
 in the second quarter of 2001.
 This significant decrease in operating expenses
 was primarily due to a recognition of share-based compensation
 of positive RMB 523.7 million equivalent to U.S. dollar 81.3 million.
 Consisting of one, share-based compensation expenses of positive RMB, 90.8 million equivalent
 to...
 U.S. dollar, 14.1 million.
 recognize the exciting stances.
 Thank you.
 Base Compensation Expenses of Positives RMB 320.1 million, equivalent to US dollar 49.7
 in.
 in general and administrative expenses and three share-based compensation
 expenses of positive RMB, 112.8 million equivalent to U.S. dollar, 17.5 million recognized in
 research and development expenses.
 That's it.
 and fluctuations in share-based compensation expenses
 were primarily due to the changes in fair value
 of the share incentive award that the company granted
 Please, enjoy.
 as affected by significant fluctuations
 of the company's share price.
 Selling expenses decreased by 55.1% to R&B 56.5 million.
 equivalent to US dollar 8.8 million in third quarter of 2021, from RMB 126 million in the
 second quarter of 2021. A decrease was primarily driven by, first, the fluctuation of share-based
 compensation expenses.
 and second, a decrease in salaries and welfare benefits.
 partially offset by an increase in brand-name material
 Thank you.
 General and administrative expenses decreased by 649.8 percent.
 positive RMB 253.2 minutes equivalent to US dollar 39.3 minutes in the third quarter of 2021.
 from RMB 46.1% in the second quarter of 2021.
 The decrease was primarily driven by the fluctuation of share-based compensation expenses, and
 decrease in salaries and welfare benefits.
 Research and development expenses decreased by 808.3 percent to positive RMB 44.6 million,
 equivalent to US dollar 6.9 million in the third quarter of 2021 from positive RMB 4.9
 in the second quarter of 2021.
 The decrease was managed by the fluctuation of the share-based compensation expenses,
 a decrease in salaries and welfare benefits partially offset by an increase in software
 and technical expenses.
 and second, an increase in consulting expenses.
 Income tax expenses was RMB 121.4 million, equivalent to US dollar 18.8 million in the third quarter of 2021, compared to RMB 204.2 million in the second quarter of 2021.
 The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in taxable income.
 U.S. gap net income was RMB 976.4 million equivalent to U.S. dollar 151.5 million.
 in the third quarter of 2021.
 compared to RMB 824.3 million in the second quarter of 2021.
 Non-gap net income was RMB 452.7 million equivalent to US $70.3 million in the third quarter of 2021.
 representing a decrease of 30.5% from RMB 651.8 million
 in the second quarter of 2021.
 U.S. gas basic and diluted net income per ADS were RMB 0.724 equivalent to U.S. $0.112
 and RMB 0.717 equivalent to US dollar 0.111 respectively in the third quarter of 2021.
 Compared to US gas basic and diluted net income per ADS of RMB,
 0.595 and R&B 0.591 respectively in the second quarter of 2021.
 Now I've got basic and diluted net income per ADF work.
 RMB 0.336 equivalent to U.S. dollar 0.052 and RMB 0.333 equivalent to U.S. dollar 0.052
 respectively in the third quarter of 2021, compared to non-gap basic and diluted net
 income per ADS of R&B 0.470 and R&B 0.467 respectively in the third quarter of 2021.
 As of September 30th, 2021, the company had cash and cash with equivalents, restricted
 cash, short-term bank deposit, short-term investment, and short-term bank deposit of
 RMB 14.72 billion, equivalent to US dollar 2.28 billion compared to RMB 14.88 billion
 as of June 30th, 2021.
 As of September 30, 2021, approximately US dollar 1.64 billion, equivalent to RMB 10.59 billion.
 was denominated in U.S. dollars.
 For the third quarter ended September 30th, 2021.
 Net cash used in our creating activities was RMB 142.9 minutes, equivalent to US dollar
 about 22.2 minutes.
 This concludes our prepared remarks today.
 We will now open the call to questions.
 operator, please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may first start with one on your Touchdown phone.
 If you're using a speaker phone, we ask that you please pick up your hands before pressing the keys.
 To withdraw your question, please press star then two.
 And for the benefit of all participants on today's call, if you wish to ask your question
 management in Chinese, please immediately repeat your question in English.
 Today's first question comes from Lydia Ling in City.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Hi, everyone.
 I'm Heather, thanks for management and thanks for the presentation, and this is DiDiAlin
 Thanks for watching.
 I have two questions.
 My first question is, given the recent regulation of development, so would you like to share
 with us, how will your products portfolio involve going forward and what changes can
 and we expect you to see in your existing product portfolio.
 And then my second question is, so we saw this loadout
 for us to throw that in the third quarter.
 So could you actually share more color on your first quarter
 to date operation trends and also your outlook for next year, given the current regulation
 updates and also the COVID situation.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Livia.
 So regarding your first question regarding our product portfolio, so we do have a very
 clear product development strategy. As mentioned in the opening remarks, we try to offer device
 product to the right future segment for the optimal route to market channel.
 Although we do aware of the press conference held by the state tobacco monopoly administration
 yes survey
 and also the announced public consultation of the National
 there's chronic cigarettes across standards.
 So we've been the transition period for new requirements
 to become effective.
 It will strictly comply with the regulatory guidelines.
 So regarding what would we change to our current product offerings if and or when the draft
 national electronics egress
 cross standards become effective.
 we anticipate we may need to modify some of our current offerings.
 However, we are very confident that such changes
 wants to be complex for our company, Panicoli, and we believe Asthma Christopher is still
 continue to stick out and use our products as harm reduction alternatives.
 So regarding your second question about 4Q Outlooks and 2020, so we currently do not
 have a guidance for the quarter to go together with next year.
 So we hope to share more when we have better clarity.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question today comes from Charlie Chen at China Renaissance. Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, management, to take my questions.
 I have two questions here.
 The first one is, could you please share your observations on the current compatibility
 Thank you.
 for this industry.
 Are there any changes compared to the first conference this year?
 And also, what are your thoughts on the retail pricing
 for the current environment?
 So that's the first question.
 And my second question is regarding single spateos.
 So what are the single-store sales
 of real-life branded pop stores for now.
 From your perspective, where do you consider to be a healthy ghost or sales level?
 Thank you very much.
 So, I mean, there are two passions.
 one is on the compacted landscape,
 and the other one is on our real explainer panel scores.
 So, I mean, I'm the first one.
 mentioned before, during the latter half of the second quarter, we do see that the industry
 the balance did not progress as expected.
 So indeed, this has carried into the third quarter.
 when we do see that there are external factors affecting
 the entire industry, including our company and also our peers, to varying degrees.
 Indeed, regarding some passive landscapes, we have observed reduced industry competition
 as compared to the first half of 2021.
 So regarding retail price that you have mentioned, so we do have increased promotional access
 emotional access in the third quarter,
 trying to drive our retail sales
 and reveals infantry pressure of our weather chain.
 And we have also seen that given the first quarter decline in general consumer spending in China,
 Many other companies similarly implemented subsidies or other sales incentives
 So the overall magnitude of our subsidies or promotional efforts is relatively insignificant
 compared to other consumer goods company in China.
 And we have to start already.
 videos and gets further.
 So going forward, we'll continue to monitor our infantry level
 together with use of demand and adjust our promotional efforts promptly to maintain a reasonable
 retail price for our end users.
 So regarding your second question about the single-star cells and also how we mentioned
 healthy as the indicator. So indeed, same with star cells together with their
 profitability and every operating metrics has been a really core focus in our day-to-day
 operations.
 As we are also aware of the industry-wide deep in retail sales, starting in the second
 half of 2021. But, however, we also see that there have been recovery for many of our stores
 in written months.
 as our stores operating in a wide variety of locations,
 Some are done in shopping malls, and some are done on the streets.
 and they also face different both environments.
 We believe each star situation is very unique.
 So indeed, the internal thing would not
 at a healthy parameter for single-storey cells
 as we look at it one by one.
 So for a private e-vapor company, we
 have been devoting resources and tools to assist star owners and self-personnel in their
 data operations, including providing branding materials,
 PLSM, training resources, digitalization tools, and enhanced star site selection assistance.
 So, in this quarter, we have also launched several new products and also upgraded our
 our membership system.
 drive user engagement and retention better.
 So with these initiatives, we believe we can and we will continue to thrive single-star
 large styles of relaxed kind of fun stuff.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 The next question today comes from Luis Lee at Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, I'm management. Thank you for taking my question.
 And my question is only for the, also for the Q4.
 I'll look.
 I understand that you don't have the guidance,
 Thank you.
 just mentioned that you have sent some recovery during the past
 the mouth, the mouth, the mouth.
 So Kurube, Kurube shared with us more color on the recovery.
 in terms of the single store sounds.
 And what does that store count actually now?
 and what is our target for the weekend.
 And also, what is a tickles driver for the recovery?
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Louise.
 So based on our preliminary quasi-taste data,
 We do see sequential improvements in retail sales.
 and also channeling between my arguments.
 So we could share more about our strategies
 in the following aspects.
 So for a relaxed brand upon a stall, for a quarter to date,
 We have been focusing on increasing single-storey South
 for our initiatives being mentioned,
 And up till now, we do see the initial success.
 And for other retailers, we do see strong growth momentum in stock counts in multiple
 channels. And our retail channel has become more diversified from call to date. But of
 First, we are also keenly aware of the recent developments in the regulatory firms, especially
 yesterday's press release held by the State's Tobacco Monopoly Administration.
 So it was greatly followed to any new regulations and administrative measures.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 today. It comes from Pei Hong LV with CICC. Please go ahead.
 high gear matchments, and Pei Hong Liu at CICC.
 I have one question, is that what is the outlook for cartridge development and the nicotine
 and the limit of 2%.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much, Junhao.
 So I believe you are actually referring to the two-state draft in the current cigarette
 product standards.
 So indeed, as a global, as a US-listed China company,
 China company, we have been long been aware of product
 requirements globally, including in the European Union and also the initial draft of national
 cross-benders.
 So looking at the well-developed market penetration, we
 with the least lowering nicotine concentration
 will affect some user statments satisfaction.
 However, most of the others, of course,
 because they'll satisfy with special team content
 our limits in the long run.
 So, from the perspective of product development,
 our technology development.
 We have to take off projects related to low-necrotism
 concentration practice of this fashion since 2019.
 and we do have the Pentagon know-how and part of research.
 So currently, as you may know, most of our coders' nicotine concentration is 3%.
 If such, national standards become effective,
 directly comply with all the requirements listed on the national product standards, including
 un-liquid content.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session.
 I'd like to turn the conference back over to the company for final remarks.
 Thank you once again for joining us today.
 If you have further questions, please feel free to contact RX Technologies Investor Relations
 team, through the contact information provided on our websites, are TPG mesorizations.
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.