 Thank you, Doug.
 Good morning.
 We're pleased to announce Strong Second Quarter 2017 Gap Earnings per Share of $3.16 and a
 j-
 and $3.37, with both membership and revenue tracking well.
 Our second quarter financial results show that we are continuing to carry forward the
 strong momentum we've built coming into the year and during the first quarter.
 Our membership growth coupled with the strong quality
 of earnings so far in 2017 gives us confidence
 that the value proposition we bring to the marketplace
 is resonating well.
 Within membership, both fully insured
 and self-funded enrollment continue to track well
 versus our expectation.
 as we ended the quarter with nearly 40.4 million members.
 In the first six months of 2017, our membership has grown by 468,000 lives.
 We're particularly pleased with the membership trends
 in our commercial insured business
 as both large and small group membership came in.
 ahead of expectations, again, during the quarter.
 Our membership results on a consolidated basis translated into second quarter operating
 revenues of $22.2 billion, an increase of $924 million, or 4.3 percent versus the second
 quarter of 2016.
 to quarter.
 individual enrollment declined by 107,000 lives,
 which was expected.
 Our total individual enrollment of approximately 1.8 million members consists of 1.5 million
 ACA-compliant members and 300,000 non-ACA-compliant members.
 Of the 1.5 million ACA-compliant members, approximately 1 million, or less than 2.5 percent of our total enrollment,
 were from the individual exchanges.
 self-funded enrollment in local group and national accounts
 were in line with expectations.
 Before I discuss the details of our business,
 unit performance.
 I want to spend a few moments on the evolving policy landscape.
 As a company, we recognize that access to affordable and high-quality health care is
 is immensely important.
 and intensely personal for all Americans.
 Anthem has always been committed to our members
 and sought to provide value.
 and limit disruption no matter their financial circumstances
 or health status.
 are committing to all of our members,
 including the most vulnerable populations.
 has not changed and will not change in the face of what we believe will be an ongoing
 period of debate and policy and regulatory adjustments in health care.
 in federal regulatory and legislative changes
 will likely impact our individual and Medicaid businesses.
 And we remain focused on informing government leaders
 as they develop policy to achieve the common goal
 of creating stable and affordable marketplaces.
 For example, ensuring appropriate funding
 for all whom we serve.
 a balanced risk pool.
 effective rules and regulations that limit
 expensive abuse is prevalent in today's marketplace.
 Elimination of unnecessary taxes that add to the cost of insurance.
 Altogether, Anthem will continue to contribute in an ongoing discussion in Washington and
 the states on behalf of our members and all Americans, as we work towards stability and
 sustainability by providing ideas built on experience,
 data and member feedback.
 Turning back to our financial results,
 Our strong second quarter financial performance
 reflected contributions from both the commercial and government segments.
 In the commercial business, we grew our local group in short enrollment by 22,000 lives,
 bringing our year-to-date enrollment growth to 69,000,
 despite a market that is shrinking overall.
 Operating revenues were $10.3 billion in the second quarter of 2017, an increase of over
 or $400 million or 4.1% versus the prior year quarter.
 The increase was primarily attributable.
 the premium rate increases reflecting overall cost trends
 in our individual and local group businesses,
 as well as enrollment group, primarily in the local group business.
 increases were partially offset by the one-year waiver of the health insurance tax in 2017,
 which improved affordability for our members.
 Our second quarter, 2017, operating margin for commercial of 9.4% declined by 150 basis
 points from 10.9% in the second quarter of 2016.
 The decline was largely due to the impact
 of less favorable adjustments
 to prior year risk adjuster accruals.
 one-year waiver of the health insurance tax in 2017,
 higher performance based incentive compensation accruals.
 The decline was partially offset by the impact of strong operating performance in our local
 group business and improved poor medical cost experience in our individual business.
 In the individual ACA-compliant business, our second quarter financial performance was
 a
 in line with our most recent expectations.
 the overall morbidity levels of our enrollment,
 identified in the first quarter has stayed consistent,
 giving us better line of sight
 into the expected claims experience.
 Our updated 2017 guidance continues to assume
 that this business will operate
 at a slight loss for the year.
 We're focused on mitigating the claims pressure
 through medical management capabilities.
 At the end of June, we received the final 2016 risk adjuster and re-insurance data from
 CMS, and have updated our accruals.
 were pleased that the reinsurance rate of 52.9%
 was slightly ahead of our expectations.
 and the significant risk adjustment
 for the 2016 benefit year was in line with our expectations.
 The work to determine our final 2018 market footprint and the individual ACA-compliant
 business is not yet complete.
 we expect to provide additional clarity
 on our final 2018 market footprint.
 during our third quarter call.
 Not soon.
 As a company, our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating
 regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a
 a path for marketplace stability.
 Thus far, we have notified state regulators of our decision
 to largely exit the individual ACA compliant marketplace
 in three of our states, which represents a little less
 and 10% for our total individual ACA compliant enrollment.
 While we have filed initial rate requests in all of the other states, it is important
 note that those filings do not necessarily indicate the final level of participation.
 there are still many areas of marketplace uncertainties.
 principally cost-sharing reduction subsidy funding that
 and make it challenging to be comfortable
 at the level of predictability
 of a sustainable marketplace.
 If we aren't able to gain certainty on some of these items quickly,
 We do expect that we will need to revise our rate filings to further narrow our level of participation.
 That said, we are closely monitoring state and federal legislative and regulatory developments,
 And if the level of uncertainty in the marketplace is reduced, we would have increased confidence
 in our ability to predict the appropriate level of market
 participation.
 Switching to the government business, membership was flat during the quarter.
 Overgrew year-over-year operating revenues by 4.5% to $11.9 billion.
 Operating margin for the government business was 2.5% during the second quarter of 2017.
 decline of 150 basis points compared to the prior year.
 The decline was primarily due to higher performance based
 incentive compensation accruals, and the impact of the one-year waiver of the health insurance
 tax in 2017.
 In our Medicaid business, our financial performance was largely in line with expectations
 outside of the Iowa contract.
 while our operating performance improved
 in Iowa versus the second quarter of 2016.
 It did underperform our expectations
 during the second quarter of 2017.
 we continue to believe the medical performance
 of the business supports higher rates
 and provided under the current contract.
 We remain highly engaged in working, secure,
 sound rates that reflect the acuity of the populations we serve.
 Continue to see a strong pipeline of RFP opportunities for future growth in the Medicaid business
 and expect 15 to 20 RFPs to be released over the next year and a half.
 The pipeline includes opportunities for new business in both new and existing states as
 as well as re-procurements of existing contracts,
 which in many cases are for the potential
 for additional business beyond our current footprint.
 Additionally, the pipeline is largely concentrated
 in new and specialized populations.
 and services, such as long-term services and support,
 and those with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
 In these areas, Anthem has a proven track record
 providing market leading capabilities, which are necessary to effectively manage these
 vulnerable populations.
 In the Medicare business, our core gross margin performance was in line with expectations.
 We continue to expect to organically grow our Medicare Advantage enrollment by loading
 mid-double-digit percentages over the next few years with a financial contribution that
 is within our long-term targeted operating margin range.
 We also continue to target M&A opportunities to augment our growth profile.
 Turning to discuss our updated 2017 financial outlook,
 We now expect adjusted earnings per share of greater than $11.70 for the full year to
 in 2017, an increase of 10 cents from our previous outlook.
 Our updated outlook reflects the improved performance
 in our commercial, local group business,
 reflects the uncertain nature of the individual ACA compliant marketplace.
 Finally, as it relates to our PBM strategy, our pharmacy team is analyzing our options
 to create the best long-term pharmacy solution.
 would be premature to share specifics regarding the RFP process. We remain very confident
 and our ability to drive significant value for our clients,
 members and shareholders.
 the RFP process is further validated,
 our expectation to be able to lower our pharmacy cost
 by more than $3 billion annually
 once we've transitioned to our future state.
 Should we decide to leave Express Scripts?
 We're very confident in our ability to thoughtfully plan
 the transition of our customers to our new solution.
 A seamless transition for our members
 is a key component in our evaluation process.
 And we will be very focused on mitigating
 any potential abrasion for our customers
 throughout this process.
 We remain committed to informing the market
 of our long-term pharmacy strategy by the end of 2017.
 With that, I will turn the call over to John to discuss our financial statements and provide
 additional details on our updated 2017 outlook.
 Very quickly, maybe chop your question up into a couple parts.
 parts, first of all regarding some prior comments regarding M&A around MA.
 We still are very focused on examining markets, market by market, looking at opportunities.
 Yes, we're still mindful of the opportunities for tuck-ins.
 We think that there certainly are opportunities
 that we should focus on very carefully.
 And so we're going to continue that pursuit.
 As you know, we've got an M.A. platform that is now restructured and completely ready for
 expansion both organically as well as by way of M&A so we're going to keep our
 options open, we're going to continue to look at the right fit for us in the markets that
 that we believe where we can perform
 at a very, very high level.
 And so we do have teams that are very actively engaged.
 and focused on, you know, the best proposition possible.
 M&A, broadly speaking, is still a very significant long-term strategy for us, given that kind
 an overarching theme is that it's still all about access, affordability and quality of
 service.
 both with respect to service as well as safety.
 We're very mindful of that fact that scale does matter in this pursuit, and we will continue
 to very carefully examine the marketplace to assess our optionality, our targets, and
 hopefully create fits that are really synergistic
 with respect to how we're going to best serve the marketplace.
 A great example of, you may recall, a few years ago, the acquisition of simply healthcare
 probably stands out as the kind of transaction that I think will be
 incredibly beneficial for the company, not just serving the marketplace, but also from
 from a financial perspective, being a great fit with respect to the synergies that I'm
 mentioned a moment ago. It simply was an incredibly well-run company. And we, I think, were very
 pleased to be able to brought that into our portfolio, then being able to leverage off
 of that significant strength that it brought to us to continue to expand in the Florida
 marketplace.
 I think that hopefully that's responsive to the question about M&A and more specifically
 I'll open for more questions there.
 With respect to the political landscape, I think we're all very observant of what's
 I don't think it's an exaggeration by the hour, leading up to just maybe a week or so ago.
 You know, we tried to stay very, very engaged in sharing our thoughts about what it would
 take to stabilize the marketplace.
 We do have ingredients that we have continually communicated as sort of the recipe or the
 The ingredients to create stabilization in the marketplace.
 the ingredients that we believe will
 repair the Affordable Care Act issues that we've come upon repeatedly over the last few
 years and we do believe we have been heard with respect to how that all might play out
 in the end with respect to policy decisions
 that will be made by way of a vote in Congress, I think,
 is anybody's guess, but quite frankly,
 We do believe we have the ability to share our opinions, our voices heard, and we're
 They're hopeful that the kind of stabilization we believe is essential to best serve our
 marketplace is going to be embedded in whatever may come out of Congress.
 There are other points of view that maybe they know nothing will happen in the short run.
 I can't weigh in on that at all.
 I don't know.
 But again, we're very hopeful and we do believe
 that stabilization is a distinct possibility.
 And obviously, as I said, we will continue to make contributions necessary for our voice
 to be heard as well as the voice of the industry overall.
 So thanks for the question, and I look forward to maybe talking more about this as these
 these policy decisions are created and put into force.
 Yeah.
 John, thank you very much for that comment.
 With respect to rates, you have a question about what other
 characteristics of the market might influence our decisions around rate adjustment.
 Clearly, CSR is a standout.
 We've repeatedly said that that aspect of pricing
 And the subsidies that support membership in our markets can translate to as much as
 maybe 18 to 20% uptick in premium if subsidies aren't granted.
 remains to be seen whether that will ultimately be allowed.
 But if not, then obviously we're going to have to revisit our pricing market by market in order to judge whether or not
 about pricing adjustment is necessary, or even if reentry and any measure scale is appropriate.
 As I said earlier, so much is dependent on the stability of each of those markets of
 which you may know, where we have 139 rating regions.
 And so those rating regions are going
 to be carefully analyzed.
 sliced and diced and then determined if, quite frankly,
 So a rating, or excuse me, a premium increase is tolerable at a beyond a certain point.
 And if in fact we will be able to remain as an active participant in those rating regions.
 Right right now
 Right now, as you know, our extraction represents about 10% of membership and our hope that
 between now and, let's say, through September,
 a lot of decisions will be made,
 but I can't underscore that time is of the essence.
 and some of our critical decisions may have to occur
 in a relatively short period of time.
 So I would tell you that the decision making is going to be,
 As they say, fast and furious, and time is of the essence for us to make the right decisions
 for the benefit of the markets we serve,
 the membership we serve as well as for the company overall.
 John's absolutely right, there's a cascading effect.
 one other key ingredient, which is materials to tax.
 And, you know, the tax, if you were to have a moratorium lifted, is probably something
 on the order of, excuse me, four to five percent premium increase.
 So you can see the compounding effect of all of these issues that don't map stabilization
 that then creates this cascading effect
 that John mentioned earlier.
 So again, that's all included in our analytics,
 specific 139 rating regions.
 that we are looking at very carefully
 to judge the in and out decisions that we have to make.
 The, well, two parts.
 one Iowa, one CSR, in terms of further exploring that issue.
 Regarding Iowa, you know, we've got a great state partner.
 And obviously we've been engaged in dialogue with them now for quite a lengthy period of time.
 And we're very hopeful that, as John pointed out in his remarks, the actuarial soundness
 that we're pursuing, I think, will be made clear
 and the right decisions will be able to occur.
 And again, it's a working process, and I think going beyond ACON conversation at that level,
 that I think is not appropriate given the intricacy of the dialogue that we're having
 with our state partners, and with respect to contract terms,
 Obviously, in fact, cannot go into those terms.
 at this time, but in the main we do believe
 that, over time, we'll be able to have the right kind of facts laid out that demonstrates
 the degree of adjustments that are necessary to create the actuarial soundness that we need
 to continue to serve the membership in Iowa.
 So we're optimistic, but it is truly a work in process.
 With respect to CSR, there are a variety of paths,
 And obviously the first path focuses specifically on action
 taken by Congress and if CSRs will be embedded in some type of legislative model.
 And that's going to have to kind of play out based on the votes that occur in Congress.
 And again, I don't want to predict where all that might go with respect to yet again
 another path, but obviously there may be other choices that may occur related to funding
 by other means, funding specific to an action taken by the administration.
 But I think put it all together, I believe that the leadership that we deal with in Washington
 are very mindful and fully aware of how CSR really maps
 to stabilization, and in particular the effect on premium increases for people that we serve
 across the country.
 So I think that, too, is a working process.
 but it's, yet, you know, remains to be seen
 exactly how that funding will flow to us to support our marketplace.
 We just don't know yet.
 Great.
 Lance, thanks for the question regarding PBM.
 You know, questions, you know, really come at us repeatedly on this point, and obviously
 It's evolutionary from the very beginning back in January of 2016, and go back in time.
 We've always stated that we would make it very clear, if I frankly make a clear statement
 of the choice we've made in terms of contracting by the end of the fourth quarter and we still
 are committed to that.
 With respect to that, you know, we've been engaged in a very analytical process.
 You all well know that RFPs went to the market and we now have received those RFPs and are
 We're in an analytical mode that's very thoughtful.
 very thorough, and as we've repeatedly said, we think our pursuit has always been about
 optionality and constructing a hybrid model has been one of those options that we've
 carefully evaluated, meaning that we have probably multiple paths that can best serve
 our customers, our members, whether it's a mail-order proposition that is sent out to
 someone to administer by way of maybe private labeling it.
 a fact that we will always retain control of our formulary,
 and then other characteristics of a hybrid model,
 which represent various constructs within a model that
 and equates to great value for our membership.
 Of course, the other extreme would be to send it all out to another vendor.
 And so we've always been mindful of the many choices we have, which I think speaks to the
 power, the significance of optionality being very much in our favor.
 We stood by, as you well know, our expectation in terms of $3 billion per year in terms of
 go forward at 1-1-20 and beyond.
 and nothing that has occurred thus far has moved us off of that expectation.
 and so again we're working very carefully with respect to the analytics around an RFP.
 I do want to underscore that it's not just about the money.
 It has a lot to do with customer service.
 our commitment to a transition that is virtually seamless,
 given the complexities, we will recognize that.
 So whichever direction we go in, we will be very careful
 and our choices regarding best serving our customers with a seamless transition.
 So it's obviously a complicated formula for success.
 but it's literally, it's all hands on deck
 to get us from today to 1-1-20.
 And I feel really good about the path we're on.
 And I don't think there are any complexities
 that we aren't aware of and working on.
 And I think we, again, feel very, very good about the process.
 and what potential will come our way
 in terms of very positive characteristics beginning 1120.
 Thank you, John.
 Thank you, Justin.
 for the question specific to this continued formation
 of the ACA marketplace.
 We've always said that our target is 3-5% margin.
 We certainly haven't backed off of that, as you can imagine, toward the day-to-day grind
 of best managing that portfolio is governed in large measure
 by rules of engagement and the stabilization necessities that I talked about earlier coming
 to reality.
 Our sense is that stabilization is a distinct possibility.
 We are still committed to the 3-5% margin performance.
 And we're also committed, as I've said repeatedly, over nearly a year now.
 Going back to last summer kind of worked off the characterization of surgical extraction.
 We still are very focused on that as well.
 And I think, Justin, that we will make the right decisions with respect to engagement
 engagement of market,
 detachment from the market.
 Our hope is that we will be able to continue to perform in a very robust and meaningful
 manner, all 139 rating regions, but so much depends on how the legislative process plays
 is out and what stabilization rules are put into place.
 But again, I'll reiterate.
 We're still hopeful that a 3% to 5% margin is achievable.
 And so, John, if you want to add to kind of the outlook
 and how engaged we are in making better reality.
 Terry, that's kind of a question that is very powerful
 perspective on the future of our industry.
 I've been a great believer that so-called secret sauce or a performance in the marketplace
 moves.
 in the future is all about translating data and meaningful information that supports our
 a provider community, especially in terms of better choices that they can make in and
 around evidence-based practice.
 information that supports the needs of our consumers given the significant risk position
 and that they're now being subjected to in terms of higher
 deductibles, et cetera, they need to make very well-informed decisions in terms of
 accessing health care and remaining healthy.
 Therefore, we're very committed to the well-being of all of our members.
 In that regard...
 to your point about artificial intelligence
 and the foundational aspect of how
 you support the development of useful information,
 We're investing quite heavily with respect
 to data infrastructure, foundational build-out,
 with respect to our IT systems.
 We are definitely using artificial intelligence today
 and optimizing our ACA benefits across 139 rating
 to the region and actually this has been a three year journey for us in the AI space
 specific to that process.
 Again, I do want to underscore we well recognize that this is the future of a very successful
 health benefit manager, and in that regard, the appropriate amount of funding is being
 distributed, allocated to our technologies that will advance artificial intelligence that
 that can best support the needs of all the interest that we engage with, whether it's
 a provider, a consumer, a government, what have you.
 we are intimately involved in building up
 that kind of capability today.
 Hopefully in the near future we'll be able to talk more about that.
 So thanks for the questions.
 Very pro-
 very significant.
 Great. Thank you operator and thank you all for your questions. They're great questions today and I just wanted to score that as a company
 I mean, we remain committed to confronting some really tough questions and challenges
 in and around the health care delivery system as we are focused on expanding
 access to high quality affordable health care for our customers.
 And I think that it's really critical for me to underscore the key contributors to that success being our associates who've given continued support to the company and to our customers, which total 40.4 million members.
 incredible commitment.
 Thank you all for your interest in Anthem,
 and we look forward to speaking with you soon
 at upcoming conferences.
 Thank you.