 Good day, and thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to the Telecom's full year of 2020 results conference call.
 after this presentation there will be a question and answer session to ask a
 question during the session you will need to press star one on your telephone please be advised that
 today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance, please press
 star zero. I would now like
 to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Andy Setiawan.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Rachel.
 Hello gentlemen, welcome to PT Telekom Indonesia conference call for the full year of 2020 results.
 We released our full year of 2020 results on the 29th of April 2021, and the reports are available on our website, www.telcom.co.id.
 Today's presentation is available on the webcast
 and an audio recording will be provided
 that's after the call for the next seven days.
 There will be an overview from our CEO and after that all participants are given the
 to participate in the Q&A session.
 Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to questions may contain
 forward-looking statement within the meaning of safe harbour.
 Actual results could differ maturely from projection, estimations, or expectation voice during today's call.
 This may involve risk and uncertainty and may cause actual results to differ substantially
 from what we discussed.
 Telkom Indonesia does not guarantee to any actions which may have been taken in reliance of the discussion held today.
 Ladies and gentlemen, it's my pleasure to introduce Telekom's squad of directors who are joining with us today.
 Mr. Rick Adyanshah as President Director and Chief Executive Officer.
 Mr. Harry Supriyadi as Finance Director
 Mr. Herlan Wijanarko as Network and IT Solution Director,
 Mr. Dian Rahmawan as Wholesale and International Service Director
 Mr. Eddie Bicara as Enterprise and Business Service Director
 Miss Venusiana as Consumer Service Director
 Mr. Budi Setiawan Wijaya as Strategic Portfolio Director
 Mr. Muhammad Fajrin Rashid as Digital Business Director
 and Mr. Afriwandi as Human Capital Management Director.
 Also present are the Board of Director of Telkomsel.
 Mr. Setianto Hantoro as President Director
 Mr. Leonardus Wahiwasono as Finance Director
 Mr. Wong Soon-Name
 as Planning and Transformation Director, and Ms. Rachel Goh as Marketing Director.
 director.
 I now hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Ririk Adlianca, for his own work.
 Thank you, Andy.
 Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen
 welcome to our conference call
 for the full year of 2020 resort
 We really appreciate your participation in this call.
 I'm not challenging time for business environment due to prolonged COVID-19 pandemic.
 PILCOM has successfully managed business and financial performance.
 We recorded 136.5 trillion in consolidated revenue, increased 0.7% from previous year.
 Our EBITDA grew by 11.2%, with EBITDA margin increased from 47.8% to 52.8%.
 While at the bottom line, net income increased by 11.5% to 20.8 trillion rupiah, with a better net income margin at 15.2% from 13.8% last year.
 Thank you.
 continue to become the engine of growth as it contributed $22.2 trillion, grew by 21.2%
 with contribution to consolidated revenue increased to 16% from 14% last year.
 Moreover, EBITDA margin of Indium reached 38.9%, a significant increase from 33.9% last year.
 The minimum revenue growth was a result of increasing subscribers, coupled with improving
 revenue.
 Total subscribers grew by 14.5% to reach 8 million while ARPU in fourth quarter improved
 in the year.
 262,000 compared to 253,000 in the previous quarter. Increasing ARPU was largely helped by revenue from
 from add-on that grew by 27.8% and contributed to around 14.7% to Indian home revenue, compared
 to 15.6% in the same period last year.
 Ladies and gentlemen, for the enterprise segment, although it declined by 5.2% year-on-year,
 It saw significant improvement during the year, which was mainly due to the success of the new strategy to reduce low margin business
 and focus on more profitable products
 along with various efforts to get quality revenues.
 And the first segment will continue to strengthen the fundamental with focus on connectivity,
 data center and cloud, and application services that blended into various enterprise solutions.
 We have no solid fundamental.
 We expect in the prior segment to become our next engine of course in the foreseeable future.
 Ladies and gentlemen, in the year of climate 20,
 Wholesale and international business segment successfully performed.
 This revenue grew by 27.3% year-on-year to 13.5 trillion rupiah.
 The growth was basically generated from domestic business, such as towers in the US, and the
 business due to inorganic activities and increasing a to b sms due to the pandemic
 while the international business also has some good performance driven by offices, wholesale voice,
 data service and digital business whereas data center contributes to a promising growth for both
 domestic and international market.
 Thank you.
 President Obama, our mobile business
 still faced intense competition and continued declining legacy due to transition from police
 and SMS to data.
 as you're saying,
 The commercial revenue declined by 4.4 percent year-on-year, mainly driven by sub-decrease
 in voice MSMS.
 On the other hand, digital business revenue increased by 7% to $62.3 trillion and significantly
 increased its contribution to 71.6% of telecom sale revenues, compared to 63.9% last year.
 digital business revenue growth was driven data traffic that increased by a
 43.8 percent the company will continue to focus on providing the best customer experience rather than
 Promoting unreasonable pricing to support industry healthiness.
 Therefore, we keep enhancing our network by adding 27.7 thousand 4G ITEP tests during the year.
 We recently obtained 20 MHz spectrum in 2.3 GHz that strengthen our spectrum holding position
 including for us to prepare for G-Tanology.
 In parallel, we also try to find strategic partnership or collaboration with digital
 playa
 can then to help accelerate
 Thank you.
 Although the first business has helped us run the company reselling life,
 when one segment is switching the various times.
 The strong performance of fixed-line business has successfully compensated our mobile business
 that was pressured by competition and legacy decline.
 In the past five years, we have seen revenue portion from fixed business increase from 28% to 39%,
 while its net income contribution significantly increased from around 5% to 22% in 2020.
 that is to the moon
 to conclude my remarks
 Let me share our main guidance for the year of 2021.
 One, we expect consecutive revenue to grow by around mid-summer digit.
 Doom.
 EBITDA margin is expected to be
 relatively stable
 The capital expenditure for the group is expected at around 25% of revenues.
 That's ending my remarks. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the Q&A session.
 When raising your questions, please speak clearly to him and your company.
 Operator, here we have the first question.
 Please.
 just a reminder to ask a question you will need to press star one on your
 telephone to withdraw your question press the pound or hash key your first
 The next question is from Piyush Chaudhry of HSBC.
 Please ask your question.
 Yeah, hi.
 Good afternoon.
 Thanks for the call and congrats for the results.
 cushions.
 Firstly, on mobile, can you talk about the competitive dynamics in the industry and outlook for 2021?
 and has TelcomCell achieved its desired objective after the rollout of unlimited plans last year?
 Secondly, as you mentioned that you have acquired
 20 megahertz in 2.3.
 Can you share the likely network rollout plans?
 And when do you intend to start offering 5G services using 2.3?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Josh.
 Rachel here.
 in here. I'll address your question on competition landscape. So, as you pointed out, the last
 six months of our 2020 our product and pricing strategy was intended as a
 corrections needed to put discipline into the type of industry pricing
 practices back then, it was necessary for telecoms to protect our religious market
 position and now we have achieved those objectives in those six to nine months
 of strategies however as a market leader need to always stay focused on driving
 sustainable growth behaviors in industry.
 Telkomsel has already initiated
 price adjustments on the back of microeconomic recovery we see the
 the POTEX fiscal stimulation.
 we see businesses and individuals adapting much better to COVID-19.
 and if the COVID rollout, all this uplifts of the prospects of the pace of economy typically
 and we see this as a positive outlook.
 with this positive outlook in all consideration we felt the timing was
 right for us to review our product and pricing away from unlimited and introducing more focus
 on a BTL simple and easy to understand offers for existing customers and also
 introducing more affordable packages in the form of a more affordable lower
 denominations in the areas of acquisitions. However, Telkomsel will
 continue to monitor closely the behaviours of other operators to avoid and prevent price
 growth and to have optimum premium gaps whilst protecting relative market position.
 And I think moving forward, looking at the other players in the market,
 we put
 healthy ARPU and EU recoveries and growth positively I think overall the
 industry is much more rational now and let's strive towards this sustainable
 growth as the whole industry.
 I hope that lines it.
 Thank you.
 This is Setianto from Telkomsel regarding your question about network rollout plan with regard to the 2,300 MHz that we won from the auction a few weeks ago.
 So, by having this additional 20 MHz in 2300, now Teleconcel holding 50 MHz in 2300, and it will strengthen our network position in the market.
 so we will use it both for strengthening our 4G leadership and also preparing
 for 5g implementation in indonesia as soon as possible so as a company as a leading digital
 company, we want to be
 remain as the leader in the
 technology, so we will use
 maximize the usage of this new spectrum to strengthen both 4G and 5G.
 Sure.
 Is there a timeline when you're looking to launch 5G services?
 Yeah.
 We will launch it this year.
 We have some plans.
 I cannot refill it exactly now, but in upcoming few months, we will see the launch of the 5G.
 Okay. Thanks a lot. I'll come back in queue.
 Our next question comes from the line of Arthur Pineda from Citigroup.
 please ask your question.
 Hi.
 Hi, thanks for the opportunity.
 two questions please first can you get a better understanding of the growth of
 telcom cell into the fourth quarter you posted a four percent q&q growth for
 telecom cell as a group but when you break down voice that was down and data
 was down Q&Q so it depends that other revenues are driving this so what is
 exactly classified on on this side uh second question i had is with regard to the outlook for
 2021. Are you able to flesh out your mid-single digit growth guidance across the business lines
 between fakes, mobile, and enterprise.
 Thank you.
 Okay, Arthur, Harry speaking here. Let me try to answer your second question.
 on the guideline for 2021.
 Basically, we have a diversified portfolio, of course, from in the home, going to continue
 growth and I think in the enterprise with regard to the current COVID situation today which we
 We don't really know where it's going to be.
 I think that provides us with, let's say, low single-digit growth.
 But our focus is to have more quality, I think, in terms of the customer portfolio and also
 profitability in this area.
 And then in the cellular, we see there's still pressure in the industry until the consolidation really happens.
 So we put it more I think conservative because this industry also going to be I think low
 single-digit code in the mobile as well so by having that combination I think we
 come to the overall as my CEO previously mentioned that we're going to have a lot
 to meet single-digit growth in revenue overall in our company that's I think
 uh...
 explanation to do your second question
 Follow-up.
 number one question actually the impact for Q4 actually coming from the
 implementation of the PSA-K
 72 which is related with the frs 15 so we we do the normalize with the recap
 the legacy of the PNU
 key-on-key if we have the similar comparison it should be supposed to be if this is based on the
 you know, the last
 uh...
 accounting report is going to be normalized 5.6 and then if if you look at the digital revenue if it
 is also normalize it's going to be increased by 7.3 instead of decreasing 7.1
 related with the digital business revenue thank you okay so the difference
 This is mainly because of accounting changes, not because of-
 of the added services being booked.
 But actually because the under the FRS 15 we have to
 request related with the discount usage so in in the last quarter four we did
 the you know the classification and proportionate allocate for the legacy
 revenue and digital business revenue.
 Thank you.
 All right, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Xiong Chen Fung of CIMB.
 please ask your question.
 Hi, thanks for the call.
 This is Phong from CIMB.
 three questions from me.
 Firstly, on IndieHome, can you talk a bit about competition in this space?
 And do you see that as potentially, you know, posing some risk to your ARPOO and also your subscriber targets for 2021?
 One, that's the first question.
 Secondly, for the enterprise business, you've mentioned there's still some uncertainties with regards to the impact from COVID-19 and all that.
 But I wanted to find out, you know, do you expect the enterprise business to be still
 loss making this year or do you see
 turn around and my
 third question with regards to
 Telkom Cell. How do you see OPEX trending this year, excluding depreciation?
 Yep, those are my two questions.
 Thank you.
 Good.
 Okay.
 Thank you, Mr. Phong.
 Let me start to answer your question on the Indy Home competitive landscape.
 Today, even in the, I think, the same footprint that we have with our competitors, we don't
 kind of a very aggressive movement from our competitors.
 So the competition is quite comparable for us as we have, I think, end-to-end, the fibers
 that are much stronger compared to our competitors.
 on the other hand
 with regard to this, actually, regarding the, I think, ARPU correction, we don't see that
 in this moment because as the digitalization coming with, I think, higher speed right now
 and also more people work from home and study from home,
 the demand becoming actually stronger.
 and then many actually our customer asking for a higher speed of the in the home services this in
 In addition to some of the, I think, content that we provide also in the home, will give
 us a kind of comparable situation in terms of the ARPU trend in this year.
 Okay.
 and then in the second question
 on the enterprise impact of this COVID.
 As we mentioned to you that actually we becoming more I think selective in choosing the project
 into seeing our clients and also more seeing the profitability also of the business so we
 We see that actually this business, although still quite low in terms of the profitability,
 is already provide a profitability business for us what we do expect as
 mentioned also by our CEO is going to be our content about future business as we
 improve the, I think,
 profitability and
 as I think more enterprise needs services from this one.
 We believe this is going to be next to the Indian Home Road in the future.
 number three
 so
 So, with regard to the cost trending for this year, for 2020 we see the slightly decreased
 at the end of the year.
 between effect and depreciation.
 And for this year, 2021, the OPEC related with the revenue and some costs related with the spectrum that we get is going to be increased.
 And the GDPR is going to be aligned with the additional investment that is related with our cost in the network and also the tower.
 So it means the trending for OPEC, the fund cost related with the revenue is going to be increased related with the additional of our, you know, network, but fund cost related with the digitalization related with how we end up with the impact of the COVID is going to be decreasing.
 So we also do the, you know, the managing of the cost related to our network because currently we have the program to, you know, to simplify our network based on setting our 3G.
 So perhaps with those kind of activities, the OPEC, the related of the network can be managed.
 and we have also scaling in terms of the network capacity and then we also have the benefit of the
 you know, some of the list deck towers that we are not currently selling the towers because the
 the list pack tower has the slightly, you know, rate is better compared with the market.
 So it means the cost still can be manageable and if it is increased, it's going to be aligned with our revenue and our network.
 Thank you.
 Understood. Thank you so much, everyone.
 The next question comes from the line of Krishna Kutabara of Mandiri.
 please ask your question.
 Hi, good afternoon, management.
 and thanks for the opportunity.
 I have two questions, actually.
 So just bear with me.
 My first question is to Telkomsel,
 and we get some update on Telcom South capital allocation
 strategy over the next two to three years.
 You can see that Telkom Cell has monetized its assets such as towers and at the same
 time invested more heavily into tech platforms
 such as investments in Go-Jek, Fincaja, NTMI, and so on.
 So as Telkomsel recalibrates its asset structure, can you get some color up to how much of Telkomsel's business will actually pivot towards the digital mobile?
 and perhaps any guidance on the digital capex budget for the next two to three years and what
 sort of ROIC and enterprise valuation impact
 that Tech-On-Cell Six to achieve.
 second question is to tell call management as well similar to the
 question to talk himself when it comes to digital investments we understand that
 some visual investments may not yield as high cash returns as traditional
 telecom businesses in the near term.
 So how should we balance the need to maintain steady cash returns at the home level with
 the need to fulfill Telcom's digital telco strategy
 leadership going forward.
 Just two questions.
 No questions, thank you.
 Okay
 okay so I think from the capital we we we have the plan to you know to maintain
 the percentage of our revenue is going to be around 14% to 15%
 align with the you know the percentage of our you know our our revenue so it
 means the capital is going to be slightly aligned with our our slightly growth
 decrease in line with our revenue contribution for the next two and three years and then
 related with the digital investment,
 I think
 Pak Sunam
 can help for this, you know, answer the question, please.
 Yeah, thank you very much for the question and clearly, I think we continue to look for
 good and strategic opportunity to invest in growth potential and I think you highlighted
 about our investment in Gojek. Yes we have done our first investment and so if I
 may you know it has been a good opportunity for us and in the early day
 we have seen good traction among the two companies, we see synergy that we can
 be right.
 so moving forward
 you know if we continue to have opportunity like that we will we will
 definitely look at the investment carefully at the same time beyond in
 inorganic. We are also actively looking at organic growth or digital. We have over the
 year build up a lot of digital assets so this will be yet another focus that we
 will take with regard to digital investment.
 And Panto, you have anything to add on to that?
 Yeah, thank you, Pak Sunam.
 Krishna from Mandiri
 as an additional information from what Pak Sunni and Pak Sunna mentioned.
 So, as you can see, we are transforming ourselves from telco to become a digital telco, and we show it in terms of how we allocate our capital to invest on the digital.
 Of course, we hope that by doing this, we will be able to cope with the recent development of the digital world
 and stay relevant to become more and more close to our customer.
 And yet we hope that our overall movement on digital initiative will have a positive impact on our valuation multiple later on.
 That's overall strategy of Telkomsel, okay
 Thanks, Bob.
 Appreciate that.
 Your next question comes from the line of Nico Margaronis of BRI Danarexa.
 please ask your question.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, the management, and congratulations, I think,
 for the good
 and fourth quarter.
 three questions
 but I think they're straightforward.
 Good.
 First of all, you mentioned about EBITDA margins guidance for 2021 to be stable.
 Can you break it down by business pillar, mobile in the home and enterprise business?
 That's my first question.
 Secondly, how should we think about this?
 the
 consequences from PESA-K72 in terms of data revenue.
 so
 that
 That should mean that going forward there will be some revenue, some data revenue being
 allocated.
 under legacy revenue.
 is that a fair
 understanding
 that's number two
 and number three
 in terms of your 5G
 rollouts.
 And you mentioned that would be within 2021.
 is that
 going to be for
 for retail segment
 or
 would be selective
 rollouts, how do you plan in doing this or are you going to be initially focusing on
 on the business segments.
 Thank you.
 Thank you,
 Thank you.
 your question.
 I will take the first question.
 On the EBITDA margin guideline, as mentioned by our CEO, we are going to have a kind of
 stable, EBITDA margin.
 I cannot, unfortunately, I cannot provide you too much detail in the parent company
 on the EBITDA margin for the business pillar.
 But overall, I think as what we result in 2020 this year, of course, the next highest
 data margin coming from Indihome, the highest one coming from telecom sale, and then from
 wholesale and as we previously mentioned we are in the under process of I think
 improving the enterprise enterprise will be the smallest one why we cannot provide you so much
 detail on this one a lot of actually a common asset included in this i think accounting treatment
 how to really understand on the cost allocation here.
 I think that's a brief color to you, Pak.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Thank you.
 for number one yes number two related to the page 72 actually for the course of
 we implement the PSA K7 tool so some discount usage previously allocated in
 the legacy currently with a few and then we proportionate based on the usage
 distributed to the data.
 So this is actually the, you know, one thought that we are aligned with the, you know,
 and then going forward, it's going to be consistent for us to allocate the discount usage based
 on the professional usage, so the data, the usage, the discount usage from data is going
 to be allocated also proportionately to the data and the legacy is going to be
 be consistently allocated for the legacy.
 So I think for this year, it's going to be consistent.
 we implement the base IK72, so the impact from the data is not going to happen like in quarter four.
 Thank you.
 I think he stopped
 Well, let me answer it.
 Okay, Pak Niko, for the 5G, 5G is a bit different with 4G.
 Yeah, 4G is for mass usage.
 this year
 for Telekomsel 5G
 will be
 we will implement it
 selectively not as a mess as a mess roll out of network all over Indonesia it
 will be selective in certain area and certain condition and it will be both
 for b2b and b2c so as a as a leader in in the technology implementation the console will always
 put the good service and leading service to its customer both for consumer and b2b market
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Pastor Diandong.
 We have another question from the line of Pierce Chowdhury of HSBC.
 please ask your question.
 Yeah, thanks a lot.
 But I have three more questions.
 Firstly, on IndyHome, can you share what is the current home pass and ports as of fiscal
 20 and what are the
 Network Rollout Objectives and Subs Addition Target for 2021.
 Secondly, you mentioned about Synergy benefits with Gojek.
 Can you give us some examples of how you are able to derive such benefits?
 And thirdly, on MitraTel, what is the expectation for organic tower and tenancy growth for 2021?
 Thank you.
 Okay, for number one, for the home pass, it will be 20-20.
 Actually, for the home bus, for the Indy home, it's about $20.7 million.
 And for the fourth step, it's a plus for the seven.
 Sorry, it's not very clear, the voice.
 Okay, hold on, bud.
 Thank you.
 For the Home Pass in 2020, it's about 20.7.
 that is home budget ready for the Indy home and for the port itself it's about 12.7 million
 And the target...
 and the targets in 2021, actually there is still a potential of health care that may
 connectivity for the household. But in 2021, we will be more selective for this and we
 believe we still can add
 It is another 1 million subscribers in the home and with some potential additional coming from the fixed world access for the new customers.
 especially for the area that we have no idea with the infrastructure for the
 in the home.
 Thank you.
 For abuse, let me add some, I think, some color from Bu Peanus.
 Basically, what Bupenus mentioned is we expect to have additional about 1 million of the
 in the home i think regular lines and also in addition to that
 we also do expect we can have a fixed wireless access around 500 kilos so this is going to bring
 us to around 1.5 million additional, I think, for broadband in our portfolio.
 Got it, Park.
 okay uh yes this is tianto from telecom cell with regard to your question about uh synergy benefit
 from Telkomsel Gojek Investment.
 So during our first investment, we have several, if I'm not mistaken, ten strategy initiatives that we plan to implement during the collaboration.
 and until the first three months
 we already launched five collaboration program and and so far the the result
 of that collaboration program synergy value that derived from that collaboration program is above
 what we expect
 we can name it one one of it is we create a special package for a driver
 gojekdriver
 special.com cell package
 data package for gojek travel we call it a package water yeah and then we also
 exchange our my ads and gobiz integration where our merchant and go check
 Merchant and Telkomsel outlet can can use their advertising together basically
 gojek merchant can use
 Telkomsel
 digital advertising
 things like that
 And so far, we see that the collaboration going forward with COJEC is going better and better.
 and we hope that the synergy value that we plan will achieve more than 100% this year.
 Thank you.
 uh... on your
 Third question, for abuse, on the Mitratel.
 as previously mentioned
 Actually, we are in preparation for having IPO for this company.
 So, with regard to this preparation and the process, unfortunately, I cannot give you so much color on this one.
 the only avoiding information that we already provide previously, I think that's the maximum
 that we can provide with respect to the compliance of the process.
 I think the tenancy, if you remember, we have around 1.65 that our objective and our plan
 is to have this Mitratel ready for the IPO by the end of the year, subject to the market
 condition.
 That's the situation that we have today.
 Thank you, Pakhari.
 understood.
 Thank you very much.
 Another question from the line of Arthur Pineda of Citigroup, please ask.
 Hi, sorry, two follow-up questions, please.
 I'm not sure if you can answer this, but can you share your thoughts on the remaining
 telecom cell towers are there any plans for any further asset transfers over the long run uh second
 question is on telcom cell proceeds uh given the prior sale uh given that you do have the proceeds
 at hand, what are your thoughts on deploying the capital on that?
 would you look to recycle it by doing dividends to shareholders,
 i.e., which is to Telcom and Nsynctel, or is it likely to be retained on the Telcom
 cell level?
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much for the question on the tower. This is Sunam from TACOMSEL.
 Now, one of the key strategies that we have is always to look at how we can optimize our capital structure.
 and of course also unlocking the value.
 So, we have done so.
 and your question is that
 Are we looking at more?
 So my answer is that as long as there is an opportunity for us to unlock that value, we will do so.
 and we will also do so according to market condition as well.
 So, I hope that answers the question that you asked.
 Yes, and on the capital that you've received, is that just going to stay on TelecomSEL?
 the capital that we receive actually because you see the telecom cell
 balance sheet is very strong.
 So, the capital that we get from the selling of the tower is distributed to the shareholders.
 Yeah.
 adding to
 that's only explanation actually the way we see is like this
 We don't reduce our investment in the tower.
 Basically, proceed coming from the cell of tower, from telecom cell that's coming as
 dependent to telecoms, we put it in the Mitratel actually. So basically that is impractical
 how we manage the cash coming from that tower selling.
 Okay.
 There's already been a dividend paid out by Telcom Sales.
 Yeah, I'll comment, okay, got it.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 We have another question from Nico Margaronis of BRI Danarexa.
 please ask your question.
 Yes, thank you.
 I would like to pick up
 on the Gojek collaboration, and some news that I found in the Bloomberg terminal that
 that you're considering of increasing your investment in Gojek.
 you provide some some some more color on this and what do you expect to achieve by increasing
 by increasing your stake in Gojek.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Mr. Niko Stinato from Telekomsel here.
 Yes, as we may aware, we invest in Gojek and we have the plan to continue to invest and collaborate with them.
 of course as a strategic investor one of one of main one of main purpose of
 investment is to get the synergy value between us and them right so we hope that in the in the
 upcoming future with the recent development in go-jack we will increase our collaboration so we
 will both party will derive synergy value from the synergy collaboration that that will happen and
 And also as an investment, we also hope that we can get a capital gain from our investment.
 So it will be both sides. Number one is in terms of synergy value that we can derive
 and the second one is from the capital gate that we invent.
 Right, right.
 Thank you, Pastor Diato.
 If I may, can I have a second question with regard to corporate actions?
 You mentioned about Mitratel deadline timeline towards the end of the year for going IPO.
 I also picked up news about data center business going IPO by the telecom group.
 Could you provide also some color on this?
 Thank you.
 Okay, we will be in the data center.
 Data center.
 Okay.
 On the .
 We are building .
 Okay.
 On the .
 now, as we call it, it's the first data center, it's the east of Jakarta, basically, and it
 should be ready for aware of the support from the
 of of this year and and we also clear as part of of the data center we also
 apparently I think
 deploying
 in what we call the F data center throughout the country.
 We have 22 locations, but we plan to enter some locations that will support the hyperscale
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 For the IPO, I think we are still quite some time.
 We plan to consolidate the theater center first, and then we look at the appeal probably sometime in early 2023.
 Okay, so let me confirm, late 23, you mentioned.
 Yeah, early 20s.
 So, basically, we have some data centers, which is under our subsidiary Sigma and also
 in Telkom International and parent company as well.
 We're going to consolidate all the data center and including the potential for future development.
 as I mentioned also by
 one in the still in the progressing of the hyperscale and this also I think we
 We also potentially will invite somebody else also who can bring technology, bring market
 and so on to come to Indonesia as well in the partnership.
 later on when we
 this already as mentioned before we may come to the market in 2023 for example
 Thank you. Very clear.
 Thanks, buddy.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions from the line at this time.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for participating.
 you may now all disconnect.