 Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Telcom's full year of 2020 results conference call. After this presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance, please press star 0. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Andy Setiawan. Please go ahead. Thank you, Rachel. Hello, gentlemen. Welcome to PT Telcom Indonesia conference call for the full year of 2020 results. We released our full year of 2020 results on the 29th of April 2021, and the reports are available on our website, www.telcom.co.id. Today's presentation is available on the webcast, and an audio recording will be provided after the call for the next seven days. There will be an overview from our CEO, and after that, all participants are given the opportunity to participate in the Q&A session. Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to questions may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of safe harbor. Actual results could differ maturely from projections, estimations, or expectation hoist during today's call. This may involve risk and uncertainty, and may cause actual results to differ substantially from what we discussed. Telcom Indonesia does not guarantee to any actions which may have been taken in reliance of the discussion held today. Ladies and gentlemen, it's my pleasure to introduce Telcom's squad of directors who are joining with us today. Mr. Rick Adriansyah as President Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Harry Supriadi as Finance Director, Mr. Herlan Wijanarko as Network and IT Solution Director, Mr. Dian Rahmawan as Wholesale and International Service Director, Mr. Eddie Wichara as Enterprise and Business Service Director, Ms. Venusiana as Consumer Service Director, Mr. Budi Stiawan Wijaya as Strategic Portfolio Director, Mr. Mohamed Fajrin Rashid as Digital Business Director, and Mr. Afriwandi as Human Capital Management Director. Also present are the Board of Directors of Telcom Cell, Mr. Setianto Hantoro as President Director, Mr. Leonardus Wahyu Asono as Finance Director, Mr. Wong Sunem as Planning and Transformation Director, and Ms. Rachel Goh as Marketing Director. I now hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Rick Adriansyah for his offer. Thank you, Andy. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our conference call for the full year of 2020 resort. We really appreciate your participation in this call. Amid challenging time for business environment due to prolonged COVID-19 pandemic, Telcom has successfully managed business and financial performance. We recorded $136.5 trillion in consolidated revenue, increased 0.7% from previous year. Our EBITDA grew by 11.2%, with EBITDA margin increased from 47.8% to 52.8%. While at the bottom line, net income increased by 11.5% to 20.8% with a better net income margin at 15.2% from 13.8% last year. Thank you, Mr. Raghira. Indihome continued to become the engine of growth, as it contributed $22.2 trillion, grew by 21.2%, with contribution to consolidated revenue increased to 16% from 14% last year. Therefore, EBITDA margin of Indihome reached 38.9%, a significant increase from 33.9% last year. The minimum revenue growth was a result of increasing subscribers coupled with improving ARPU. Total subscribers grew by 14.5% to reach 8 million, while ARPU in the fourth quarter improved to 262,000 compared to 253,000 in the previous quarter. Increasing ARPU was largely helped by revenue from ads-on that grew by 27.8% and contributed to around 14.7% to Indian revenue, compared to 13.6% in the same period last year. Ladies and gentlemen, for the enterprise segment, although it declined by 5.2% year-on-year, it saw significant improvement during the year, which was mainly due to the success of the new strategy to reduce low-margin business and focus on more profitable products, along with various efforts to get quality revenues. Enterprise segment will continue to strengthen the fundamental with focus on connectivity, data center and cloud, and application services that blended into various enterprise solutions. With more solid fundamentals, we expect the enterprise segment to become our next engine of growth in the foreseeable future. Ladies and gentlemen, in the year of 2020, wholesale and international business segment successfully performed, with revenue grew by 27.3% year-on-year to 13.5 trillion rupiah. The growth was basically generated from domestic business, such as tower business due to inorganic activities and increasing A to B SMS due to the pandemic, while the international business also has some good performance driven by overseas wholesale voice, data service, and digital business. Whereas data center contributes to a promising growth for both domestic and international market. Ladies and gentlemen, our mobile business still faced intense competition and continued declining legacy due to transition from voice and SMS to data. As a result, the commercial revenue declined by 4.4% year-on-year, mainly driven by sub-decrease in voice and SMS. On the other hand, digital business revenue increased by 7% to 62.3 trillion and significantly increased its contribution to 71.6% of telecom sale revenues, compared to 63.9% last year. Digital business revenue growth was driven data traffic that increased by 43.8%. Telecom sale will continue to focus on providing the best customer experience rather than promoting unreasonable pricing to support industry healthiness. Therefore, we keep enhancing our network by adding 27.7,000 4G RTE DTSes during the year. We recently obtained 20 MHz spectrum in 2.3 GHz that strengthen our spectrum holding position, including for us to prepare 5G technology. In parallel, we also try to find strategic partnership or collaboration with digital player champions to help accelerate digital transformation. Our well-revised business has helped us run the company resiliently when one segment is switching different times. The strong performance of fixed-line business has successfully compensated our mobile business that was pressured by competition and negative decline. In the past five years, we have seen revenue portion from fixed business increase from 28% to 39%, while its net income contribution significantly increased from around 5% to 22% in 2020. Ladies and gentlemen, to conclude my remarks, let me share our plan guidance for the year of 2021. One, we expect consecutive revenue to grow by around mid-single-digit. Two, EBITDA margin is expected to be relatively stable. Three, capital expenditure for the group is expected at around 25% of revenues. Three, capital expenditure for the group is expected at around 25% of vision. Thank you very much. Thank you, Sanyo. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, President. Thank you very much. Thank you. We will now begin the Q&A session. When raising your question, please speak clearly on your company. Okay, we have the first question, please. Thank you. Just a reminder to ask a question. You will need to press star 1 on your telephone. To withdraw your question, press the pound or hash key. Your first question is from Piyush Chowdhury of HSBC. Please ask your question. Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for the call and congrats for the results. Two questions. Firstly, on mobile, can you talk about the comparative dynamics in the industry and outlook for 2021? And has TelcomCell achieved its desired objective after the rollout of unlimited plans last year? Secondly, as you mentioned that you have acquired 20 MHz in 2.3, can you share the likely network rollout plans? And when do you intend to start offering 5G services using 2.3? Thank you. Hi, Piyush. Rachel here. I'll address your question on competition landscape. So as you pointed out, the last six months of 2020, our product and pricing strategy was intended as a corrective correction needed to put discipline into the type of industry pricing practices back then. It was necessary for TelcomCell to protect our relative market position. And now, we have achieved those objectives in those six to nine months of strategy. However, as the market leader, we should always stay focused on driving sustainable growth behaviours in industry. TelcomCell has already initiated price adjustments. On the back of microeconomic recovery, we see supportive fiscal stimulation. We see businesses and individuals adapting much better to COVID-19. And if the COVID rollout, all this uplifts of the prospects of the pace of economic activity. And we see this as a positive outlook. And with this positive outlook, in all consideration, we felt the timing was right for us to review our product and pricing away from unlimited and introducing more focus on a BTL, simple and easy to understand offers for existing customers. And also, introducing more affordable packages in the form of more affordable lower denominations in the areas of acquisition. However, TelcomCell will continue to monitor closely the behaviours of other operators to avoid and prevent price loss and to have optimum premium gaps whilst protecting relative market position. I think moving forward, looking at the other players in the market, we foresee healthy ARPU and EU recoveries and growth positively. I think overall, the industry is much more rational now. And let's strive towards this sustainable growth as a whole industry. I hope that answers. Hi, this is Tianto from TelcomCell. Regarding your question about network rollout plan with regard to the 2,300 MHz that we won from the auction a few weeks ago. So, by having this additional 20 MHz in 2,300, now TelcomCell holding 50 MHz in 2,300. And it will strengthen our network position in the market. So, we will use it both for strengthening our 4G leadership and also preparing for 5G implementation in Indonesia as soon as possible. So, as a company, as a leading digital company, we want to remain as the leader in the technology. So, we will maximize the usage of this new spectrum to strengthen both 4G and 5G. Sure. But is there a timeline when you are looking to launch 5G services? We will launch it this year. We have some plans. I cannot refill it exactly now. But in upcoming few months, we will see the launch of the 5G. Okay. Thanks a lot. I'll come back in queue. Our next question comes from the line of Arthur Pineda from Citigroup. Please ask your question. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions, please. First, can we get a better understanding of the growth of TelcomCell into the fourth quarter? You've posted a 4% Q&Q growth for TelcomCell as a group. But when we break down voice, that was down and data was down Q&Q. So, it depends on other revenues are driving this. So, what is exactly classified on this side? Second question I had is with regard to the outlook for 2021. Are you able to flesh out your mid-single-digit growth guidance across the business lines between FIX, mobile, and enterprise? Thank you. Okay. Arthur, Harry speaking here. Let me try to answer your second question. On the guideline for 2021, basically, we have a diversified portfolio, of course, from Indy Home going to continue to grow. And I think in the enterprise, with regard to the current COVID situation today, which we don't really know where it's going to be, we don't really know where it's going to be, but I think that provides us with, let's say, both single-digit growth, but our focus is to have more quality, I think, in terms of the customer portfolio and also profitability in this area. And then, in the cellular, we see there's still pressure in the industry until the consolidation really happens. So, we put it more conservative because this industry is also going to be, I think, low single-digit growth in the mobile as well. So, by having that combination, I think we come to the overall, as my CEO previously mentioned, that we're going to have a low to mid-single-digit growth in revenue overall in our company. That's, I think, a brief explanation to your second question. Yes, so, for number one question, actually, the impact for Q4, actually, coming from the implementation of the PSA-K72, which is related with the MFRS-15. So, we do the normalize with regard to the legacy revenue. Q1Q, if we have the similar comparison, it should be, supposed to be, if this is based on the, you know, the last accounting report, it's going to be normalized 5.6. And then, if you look at the digital revenue, if it is also normalized, it's going to be increased by 7.3 instead of decreasing 7.1 related with the digital business revenue. Thank you. Okay, so, the difference is mainly because of accounting changes, not because of value-added services being booked. So, actually, because the, under the FRS-15, we have to reclass related with the discount usage. So, in the last quarter four, we did the, you know, the reclassification and proportionate allocate for the legacy revenue and digital business revenue. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Chong-Chen Fung of CIMB. Please ask your question. Hi. Thanks for the call. This is Fung from CIMB. Three questions from me. Firstly, on IndieHome, can you talk a bit about competition in this space? And do you see that as potentially, you know, posing some risk to your ARPU and also your subscriber targets for 2021? That's the first question. Secondly, for the enterprise business, you've mentioned there's still some uncertainties with regards to the impact from COVID-19 and all that. But I wanted to find out, you know, do you expect the enterprise business to be still loss-making this year or do you see a turnaround? And my third question with regards to Telkom Cell, how do you see OPEX trending this year, excluding depreciation? Yep. Those are my three questions. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Fung. Let me start to answer your question on the IndieHome competitive landscape. Today, even in the, I think, the same footprint that we have with our competitors, we don't see kind of very aggressive movement from our competitors. So the competition is quite comparable for us as we have, I think, end-to-end the fibers that are much stronger compared to our competitors. On the other hand, with regard to this, actually, regarding the, I think, ARPU correction, we don't see that in this moment. Because as the digitalization coming with, I think, higher speed right now, and also more people work from home and study from home, the demand becoming actually stronger. And then many, actually, our customers asking for higher speed of the IndieHome services. This, in addition to some of the, I think, content that we provide also in the home, will give us a kind of comparable situation in terms of the ARPU trend in this year. Okay, and then, in the second question, on the enterprise impact of this COVID, as we mentioned to you, that actually, we're becoming more, I think, selective in choosing the project, in choosing our client, and also more seeing the profitability also of the business. So, we see that actually this business, although still quite low in terms of the profitability, it is already provide a profitability business for us. What we do expect, as mentioned also by our CEO, is going to be our future business, as we improve the, I think, profitability, and as, I think, more enterprise needs services from this one, we believe this is going to be next to the IndieHome growth in the future. Number three, Sonny, on the OPEC. So, with regard to the cost trending for this year, for 2020, we see the, you know, slightly decreased combination between OPEC and depreciation, and for this year, 2021, the OPEC related with the revenue and some cost related with the, you know, spectrum that we get, it's going to be increased, related with the, you know, with the, the, you know, the, the, the, you know, the, the, the, the network, and also the power. So, it means the trending for OPEC, the fund cost related with the revenue is going to be increased related with the additional of our, you know, network. But some cost related with the digitalization, related with how we end up with the impact of the COVID is going to be decreasing. So we also do the, you know, the managing of the cost related with our network because currently we have the program to, you know, to simplify our network based on setting our 3G. So perhaps with those kind of, you know, activities, the impact, the related of the network can be managed. And we have also scaling in terms of the network capacity. And then we also have the benefit of the, you know, some of the least tech towers that we are not currently selling the towers because the least tech towers have slightly, you know, rates better compared with the market. So it means the cost still can be manageable. And if it is increased, it's going to be aligned with our revenue and our network. Thank you. Thank you so much, everyone. Next question comes from the line of Krishna Kutabara of Mandiri. Please ask your question. Hi, good afternoon, management. Thanks for the opportunity. I have three questions, actually. So just bear with me. My first question is to TelcomCell. Can we get some update on TelcomCell's capital allocation strategy over the next two to three years? We can see that TelcomCell has monetized its brick and mortar assets such as towers. And at the same time, invested more heavily into tech platforms such as investments in Gojek, Linkaja, NTMI, and so on. So as TelcomCell recalibrates its asset structure, can we get some color up to how much of TelcomCell's business will actually pivot towards the digital mobile? And perhaps any guidance on the digital CapEx budget for the next two to three years? And what sort of ROIC and enterprise valuation impact that TelcomCell seeks to achieve? Second question is to Telcom management as well, similar to the question to TelcomCell. When it comes to digital investments, we understand that some digital investments may not yield as high cash returns as traditional Telcom businesses in the near term. So how should we balance the need to maintain steady cash returns at Telcom level with the need to fulfill Telcom's digital Telco strategy and leadership going forward? Just two questions. Thank you. Okay. So I think for the capital, we have the plan to maintain the percentage of our revenue is going to be around 14% to 15% aligned with the percentage of our revenue. So it means the capital is going to be slightly aligned with our revenue contribution during the next two and three years. And then related to the digital investment, I think Pak Sunam can help for this, you know, answer the question, please. Yeah, thank you very much for the question. And clearly, I think we continue to look for good and strategic opportunity to invest in growth potential. And I think you highlighted about our investment in Gojek. Yes, we have done our first investment. And so, if I may, you know, it has been a good opportunity for us. And in the early days, we have seen good traction among the two companies. We see synergy that we can derive. So moving forward, you know, if we continue to have opportunity like that, we will definitely look at the investment carefully. At the same time, beyond inorganic, we are also actively looking at organic growth or digital. We have over the year built up a lot of digital assets. So this will be yet another focus that we will take with regard to digital investment. Panto, you have anything to add on to that? Yeah, thank you, Pak Sunam. Pak Krishna from Mandiri, yeah. As an additional information from what Pak Suni and Pak Sunam mentioned. So, as you can see, we are transforming ourselves from telco to become a digital telco. And we show it in terms of how we allocate our capital to invest on the digital. Of course, we hope that by doing this, we will be able to cope with the recent development of the digital world and stay relevant to become more and more close to our customer. And, yes, we hope that our overall movement on digital initiative will have a positive impact on our valuation multiple later on. That's the overall strategy of telco, sir. Thank you, Pak. Appreciate that. Your next question comes from the line of Nico Margaronis of BRI Danarexa. Please ask your question. Thank you. Thank you, the management. And congratulations, I think, for the good fourth quarter. Three questions, but I think they're straightforward. First of all, you mentioned about EBITDA margins guidance for 2021 to be stable. Can you break it down by business pillar, mobile in the home and enterprise business? That's my first question. Secondly, how should we think about the consequences from a PESA-K72 in terms of data revenue? So that should mean that going forward, there will be some revenue, some data revenue being allocated under legacy revenue. Is that a fair understanding? That's number two. And number three, in terms of your 5G rollouts, and you mentioned that would be within 2021. Is that going to be for a retail segment, or would it be selective rollouts? How do you plan in doing this, or are you going to be initially focusing on the business segments? Thank you. Thank you, Nico, for your question. I will take the first question. On the EBITDA margin guideline, as mentioned by our CEO, are we going to have an obstable EBITDA margin? I cannot, unfortunately, I cannot provide you too much detail in the parent company on the EBITDA margin per the business pillar. But overall, I think, as what we result in 2020 this year, of course, the next highest EBITDA margin coming from IndyHome, the first highest one coming from telecom sale, and then from wholesale. And as we previously mentioned, we are in the under process of, I think, improving the enterprise. Enterprise will be the smallest one. Why we cannot provide you so much detail on this one? A lot of, actually, common asset included in this, I think, accounting treatment to really understand the cost allocation here. I think that's a brief color to you, Pak. Yeah, so for number one, yeah, number two related to the PASA K72, actually, for the quarter four, we implement the PASA K72. So some discount usage previously allocated in the legacy. Currently, we review, and then we proportionate based on the usage, distributed data. So this is actually the, you know, one thought that we are aligned with the, you know, PASA K72, the accounting role, and then going forward, it's going to be consistent for us to allocate the discount usage based on the proportionate usage. So the data, so the data, the usage, the discount usage from data is going to be allocated also proportionate to the data, and the legacy is going to be consistent allocated for the legacy. So I think for this year, it's going to be consistent. We implement the PASA K72. So the impact from the data is not going to be happening like in quarter four. Thank you. The 5G, I think he stopped up. Let me, let me answer it. Okay. Pak, Nico, for the 5G, 5G is a bit different with 4G. 4G is for mass usage. This year for Telkomsel, 5G will be, we will implement it selectively, not as a mass, as a mass rollout of network all over Indonesia. It will be selective in certain area and certain condition, and it will be both for B2B and B2C. So as a leader in the technology implementation, Telkomsel will always put the good service and leading service to its customer, both for consumer and B2B market. Thank you. Thank you, Presidente Ando. We have another question from the line of Pius Chaudhary of HSBC. Please ask your question. Yeah, thanks a lot. Three more questions. Firstly, on IndyHome, can you share what is the current home pass and ports as of fiscal 20, and what are the network rollout objectives and subs addition target for 2021? Secondly, you mentioned about synergy benefits with GoJet. Can you give us some examples of how you are able to derive such benefits? And thirdly, on Mitratel, what is the expectation for organic tower and tenancy growth for 2021? Thank you. Thank you. For number one, for the home pass in 2020, actually for the home pass, for the IndyHome, it's about 20.7 million, and for the port itself, it's about 20.7 million, and for the port itself, it's about 20.7 million. And the target customer? And the target customer. And the target customer. And the target customer. And the target customer. And the target customer. In 2021, actually, there is still potential hyperdrive. that means connectivity for the household. But in the 2020, it's about 20.7 million, and the target customer. And the target customer. And the target customer. And that's the target customer. And the target customer. Actually, there is still potential it has that makes connectivity for the household. There are still potential subscribers that make connectivity for the household, but in 2021 we were more selective for this and we believe we still can add another 1 million subscribers in the home and with some potential additional coming from the fixed world access for the new customers, especially for the area that we have no idea with the infrastructure for the home. For abuse, let me add some, I think, some color from Bufanus. Basically what Bufanus mentioned is we expect to have additional over 1 million in the home, I think regular lines, and also in addition to that, we also do expect we can have fixed wireless access around 500 kilos. So this is going to bring us to around 1.5 million additional broadband in our portfolio. Thank you. Thank you. Got it, Park. Okay. Pius, this is Tianto from Telkomsel. With regard to your question about synergy benefit from Telkomsel Gojek investment. So during our first investment, we have several, if I'm not mistaken, 10 strategy, synergy initiative that we plan to implement during the collaboration. And until the first three months, we already launched five collaboration programs. And so far, the result of that collaboration program synergy value that derived from that collaboration program is above what we expect. We can name it, one of it is we create a special package for Gojek driver, special Telkomsel package, data package for Gojek driver. We call it Packet Swadaya. And then we also exchange our MyAds and GoBiz integration where our Gojek merchant and Telkomsel outlet can use their advertising together. Basically, Gojek merchant can use Telkomsel digital advertising, things like that. And so far, we see that the collaboration going forward with Gojek is going better and better. And we hope that the synergy value that we plan will achieve more than 100% this year. Thank you. On your third question on the Mitra Tel, as previously mentioned, actually, we are in preparation for helping IPO for this company. So with regard to this preparation and the process, unfortunately, I cannot give you so much color on this one. The only I think information that we already provide previously, I think that's the maximum that we can provide with respect to the compliance of the process. I think the tenancy issue, if you remember, we have around 1.65 that our objective and our plan is to have this Mitra Tel ready for the IPO by the end of the year, subject to the market condition. And I think that's the situation that we have today. Thank you, Pakheri. Understood. Thank you, Pakheri. Another question from the line of Arthur Pineda of Citigroup. Please ask. Hi. Yeah. Sorry. Two follow-up questions, please. I'm not sure if you can answer this, but can you share your thoughts on the remaining Telkomsel towers? Are there any plans for any further asset transfers over the long run? Second question is on Telkomsel proceeds, given the prior sale. Given that you do have the proceeds at hand, what are your thoughts on deploying the capital on that? Do you recycle it by doing dividends to shareholders, i.e., which is to Telkom and Singtel, or is it likely to be retained on the Telkomsel level? Thank you. Thank you very much for the question on the tower. This is Sunam from Telkomsel. Now, one of the key strategies that we have is always to look at how we can optimize our capital structure and, of course, also unlocking the value. So, we have done so. And your question is that, are we looking at more? So, my answer is that as long as there is an opportunity for us to unlock that value, we will do so. And we will also do so according to market condition as well. So, I hope that answers the question that you asked. Yes. And on the capital that you received, is that just going to stay on Telkomsel? The capital that we received, actually, because you see the Telkomsel balance sheet is very strong. So, the capital that we get from the selling of the tower is distributed to the shareholders. Yes. Adding to Pak Soni's explanation, actually, the way we see is like this. We don't reduce our investment in the tower. So, basically, proceeds coming from the sale of tower, from Telkomsel, that coming as dividend to Telkom. We put it in the Mitratel, actually. So, basically, that is impractical how we manage the cash coming from that tower selling. Okay. So, there's already been a dividend paid out by Telkomsel to Telkom. Yes. Okay. Got it. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. We have another question from Nico Margaronis of BRI Danarexa. Please ask your question. Yes. Thank you. I would like to pick up on the Gojek collaboration and some news that I found in the Bloomberg terminal that you're considering of increasing your investment in Gojek. Could you provide some more color on this? And what do you expect to achieve by increasing your stake in Gojek? Yes. Thank you. Yes. Thank you. Yes. As we may aware, we invest in Gojek and we have the plan to continue to invest and collaborate with them. Of course, as a strategic investor, one of main purpose of investment is to get the synergy value between us and them. right? So, we hope that in the upcoming future with the recent development in Gojek, we will increase our collaboration. So, we will, both parties will derive synergy value from the synergy collaboration that will happen. And also, as a strategic investor, one of main purpose of investment is to get the synergy value between us and them. Right? So, we hope that in the upcoming future with the recent development in Gojek, we will increase our collaboration. So, we will, both parties will derive synergy value from the synergy collaboration that will happen. And also, as an investment also, we also hope that we can get a capital gain from our investment. So, it will be both sides. Number one is in terms of synergy value that we can derive. And the second one is from the capital gain that we invest. Right. Right. Thank you, Pastor Dianto. If I may, can I have a second question with regard to your, to corporate actions? You mentioned about Mitratel deadline, timeline towards the end of the year for going IPO. I also picked up news about data center, data center business going IPO by the telecom group. Could you provide also some color on this? Thank you. Thank you very much. Okay, major, and data center. Data center. Okay. Okay, on the data center that we are building now as, as we call it as hyper data, it's hyper steel data center. It's the East of Jakarta basically. And it should be ready probably in the fourth quarter of this year. And we also, as part of the data center, we also finally have been deploying what we call this data center throughout the country. Now we have 22 locations, but we plan to enter some of the system that will spot in the hyper-scale data center. Yeah, I agree. So, for the IPL, I think we still have quite some time. We plan to consolidate the data center first, and then we look at the appeal probably sometime in early 2023. So, let me confirm, late 23, you mentioned. Yeah, early 23. Oh, okay. So, basically, we have some data centers, which is under our subsidiary Sigma, and also in Telecom International, and the parent company as well. We're going to consolidate all the data centers, and including the potential for future development, as mentioned also by Pak Riri, one in the still in the progressing of the hyper-scale. And this also, I think we also potentially will invite somebody else also who can bring technology, bring market, and so on, to come to Indonesia as well in the partnership. Later on, when we, this already, as mentioned before, how we may come to the market in 2023, for example. Thank you. Very clear. Thank you, Pakari. Thank you. Thank you. There are no further questions from the line at this time. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now all disconnect. Thank you. Thank you.