 Good day, and thank you for standing by welcome to the telecoms full year of 2020 results conference call after this presentation
 presentation, there will be a question and answer session to ask a question during the
 session you will need to press star one on your telephone please be advised that
 today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance, please
 press star zero. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today,
 Mr. Andy Satiawan, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Raju.
 Hello, sir.
 to PT Telecom Indonesia,
 for the full year of 2020 results.
 We released our full year of 2020 results on the 29th of April, 2021, and the reports
 are available on our website, www.felcom.co.id.
 this presentation is available on the webcast and an audio recording will be provided after
 the call for the next seven days.
 There will be an overview from our CEO, and after that, all participants are
 a different opportunity to participate in the Q&A session.
 Before we start, let me remind you that today's call
 and the response to questions may contain
 forward to the statement within the meaning of safe harbor.
 The actual results could differ materially from projection, estimations, or expectation
 voice during today's call.
 This may involve risk and uncertainty and may cause actual results to differ substantially
 from what we discussed.
 Delcom Indonesia does not guarantee to any actions
 which may have been taken in the alliance
 for the discussion held today.
 Ladies and gentlemen, it's my pleasure to introduce Velcom Squad of Directors who are joining with us today.
 Mr. Rik Adyanshah as President Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Harry Supriyadi
 Mr. Dian Rahmawan as Wholesale and International Service Director, Mr. Eddie Vichara as Enterprise
 and Business Service Director, Ms. Vinusiana as Consumer Service Director, Mr. Buddhist
 Piyawan Gijaya as strategic portfolio director, Mr. Muhammad Fajrin Rashid as digital business
 Director and Mr. Afriwandi as Human Capital Management Director.
 to present are the Board of Director of STELCOM cell home.
 Mr. Satyanto Hantoro, expression director.
 Mr.
 Mr. Leonardo Suahio Asono as Finance Director.
 Mr. Wong Soon-Name as Planning and Transformation Director,
 and Ms. Rachel Goh as marketing director.
 And now, hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Eric Adelianza-Jorizon.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Andy.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 Welcome to our conference call for the full year of 2020 resort.
 We really appreciate your participation in this call.
 Amidst challenging time for business environment due to prolonged COVID-19 pandemic,
 will come as successfully managed business and financial performance.
 We recorded 126.5 trillion in consolidated revenue, increased 0.7 percent from previous
 year. Our EBITDA grew by 11.2% with EBITDA margin increased from 47.8% to 52.8%. Well,
 at the bottom line, net income increased by 11.5 percent to 20.83 Lupia, with a better
 internet in-comagine at 15.2 percent from 13.8 percent in ASEAN.
 And the home continued to become the engine of growth as it contributed, 22.2 trillion
 by 21.2% with 30% to quarterly credit revenue increased to 16% from 14% last year.
 For example, a bigger margin of indie home rates 38.9 percent, a significant increase
 from 33.9 percent last year.
 The medium revenue growth was a result of increasing subscribers covered with an improving
 output.
 total subscriber grew by 14.5% to reach 8 million YRPO in fourth quarter improved to
 to 262,000 compared to 253,000 in the previous quarter.
 are proved as largely by revenue from ads on that grew by 27.8 percent and limited to
 to around 14.7 percent to Indian revenue compared to 13.6 percent in the same period last year.
 Ladies and gentlemen, for the enterprise segment, although it declined by 5.2 percent year on
 year itself significant improvement during the year which was mainly due to the success
 of the new strategy to reduce low-maternities and focus on more profitable products along
 with various effort to get quality evidence.
 The proposed segment will continue to strengthen the fundamental with focus on connectivity,
 data center, and cloud, and application services that blend it into various enterprise solutions.
 We expect the pie segment to become our next engine of this in the foreseeable future.
 at both regions.
 In the year of 2020, wholesale and international business segments successfully performed
 The revenue grew by 27.3% year on year to 13.5 trillion rupees.
 The bill was basically generated from domestic business, such as double business due to
 inorganic activities and increasing A to B SMS due to the pandemic by the integration
 business also have some good performance, different biophagies, wholesale voice, data
 business.
 business. The rest of the data center contributes to a promising growth for both domestic and
 Thank you very much for watching.
 Ladies and gentlemen, our mobile business stay fresh in this competition and continue
 declining, let us see, due to transition from SPOIS and SMS to data.
 As a result, the concept of revenue declined by 4.4% year on year, mainly driven by sub-decrease
 in voice MSNs. On the other hand, retail business revenue increased by 7%, 262.3 N, and significantly
 increase its contribution to 71.6 percent of telecom sales revenues compared to 63.9
 percent last year.
 And detailed business revenue growth was driven data traffic that increased by 43.8 percent.
 The company will continue to focus on providing the best customer experience, rather than
 promoting and reasonable pricing to support the industry's healthiness.
 Therefore, we keep enhancing our network by adding 27.7 thousand 4G IDE details during
 the year. We recently obtained 20 megahertz spectrum in 2.3 megahertz that strengthened
 our spectrum holding position including coarsed to prepare 5G technology. In parallel, we
 We also try to find strategic partnership or collaboration with the detailed prior
 to help accelerate literate transformations.
 Although the first business has helped us from the company resale in late,
 when one segment is missing the previous times.
 The strong performance of fixed line business
 a successful composite or mobile device that was pressure by competition and likely declined.
 In the past five years, we have seen revenue percent from fixed revenues increase from
 28% to 39%. While a SNAP income contribution significantly increased from around 5% to
 22% in 2020.
 Ladies and gentlemen, to conclude,
 Let me share our wind guidance for the year of 2021.
 One, we expect quarterly revenue to flow by around next single digit.
 to, a bigger margin is expected to be relatively stable.
 The capital expenditure for the group is expected at around 25% of revenues.
 That's ending my remarks. Thank you
 Thank you, sir.
 Now begin the Q&A session. When raising your questions please speak clearly to him and your company.
 Creator, if you have the first question please.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Just a reminder to ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 If you withdraw your question, press the pound or hash key.
 The first question is from Piyush Choudhury of HSBC.
 these after-collection?
 Yeah, hi, good afternoon.
 Thanks for the call and congrats for the results.
 Two questions.
 Firstly, on mobile.
 Can you talk about the comparative dynamics
 in the industry and outlook for 2021.
 and has telecom cell achieved its desired objective
 after the rollout of unlimited plans last year.
 Secondly, as you mentioned that you have acquired 20 MHz in 2.3.
 Can you share the likely network rollout plans?
 And when do you intend to start offering 5G services using 2.3?
 Thank you.
 Happy rush, really cool here, can you hear?
 I'll address your question on competition landscape.
 So as you pointed out, the last six months of 2020,
 I will product and present straight if you will.
 ended as a collective correction needed to put discipline into the type of industry
 surprising practices back then.
 It was necessary for telecoms to protect all the relative market positions.
 And now we have achieved those objectives
 in those six to nine months of strategies.
 However, as a market leader, please always stay focused on driving sustainable growth
 behaviors in industry.
 Telecom sales has already initiated price adjustments.
 On the back of micro-economy recovery, we see supportive fiscal simulation, we see businesses
 that individuals adapting much better to COVID-19 and if the COVID rollout, all these are up
 list of the prospects of the pace of economic activity and we see this as a positive outlook and
 with this positive outlook in all considerations,
 We felt that timing was right for us to review our product
 surprising away from unlimited introducing more focus on a BTL simple and easy to understand
 offers for existing customers and also introducing more affordable packages in the form of more
 affordable lower denominations in the areas of acquisition.
 However, the Council will continue to monitor closely the behaviour of other operators to
 avoid and prevent price war and to have optimum premium gaps whilst protecting relative market
 position.
 I think moving forward, looking at the other players in the market, we foresee a healthy
 see ARPU and U recoveries, and positively, I think overall the industry is much more
 rational now and let's strive to work through sustainable growth as a whole industry.
 I hope that one too.
 Hi, this is Satyanto, this is Satyanto from Telconcel regarding your question about network
 outplanned with regard to the 2,300 megahertz that we won from the auction a few weeks ago.
 So, by having this additional 20 MHz in 2300, now telecom is holding 50 MHz in 2300 and it will
 strengthen our network position in the market. So we will use it both for strengthening our
 for G leadership and also preparing for 5G implementation in Indonesia as soon as possible.
 So as a company, as a leading digital company, we want to remain as the leader in the technology,
 So we will maximize the usage of this new spectrum to strengthen both 4G and 5G.
 Sure.
 But is there a timeline when you are looking to launch 5G services?
 We will launch it this year. We have some plan. I cannot reveal it exactly now, but in
 In the upcoming few months, we will see the launch of the 5G.
 Okay, thanks a lot. I'll come back in Q
 Our next question comes from the line of our store,
 Pineda from Citigroup, please ask your question.
 Hi, thanks for the opportunity to questions please.
 First, can you get a better understanding of the growth of talcum cell into the fourth
 quarter, you posted a 4% Q&Q growth for telecom sales as a group, but when you break down
 voice that was down and data was down Q and Q. So you can see that other revenues are
 driving this. So what is exactly classified on this side? Second question I had is with the card to
 to the outlook for 2021.
 Are you able to flesh out your mid-single-digit growth guidance across the business lines
 between fake, small bond, and enterprise.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Okay, Arthur.
 harry speaking here let me try to answer your second question
 on the guideline for 2021.
 Basically, we have the diversified portfolio, of course, from in the home going to continue
 to grow and I think in the enterprise, we triggered the
 current COVID situation today, which we don't really know where it's going to be behind.
 I think that's a, a, a, a, provide us with a, let's say, low-cycle digit growth, but,
 uh,
 focus is to have more quality, I think, in terms of the customer portfolio and also profitability
 in this area.
 And then in the cellular, we see there's still I think pressure in the industry until the
 until it doesn't really happen.
 So we put it more, I think, conservative figures.
 This industry is also going to be, I think,
 loosing of digit code in the mobile as well.
 So by having that combination, I think we come to the overall as my CEO previously mentioned
 that we're going to have a lot to meet single-digit growth
 in their opinion, all in our company.
 That's, I think, a brief explanation to your second question.
 Yeah, for number one question, actually, the impact
 for Q4 actually coming from the implementation
 of the PSI K752, which is related with the MPS 15.
 So, we do the normalize with the backup of the logistic venue.
 until if we have the similar combination it should be supposed to be if this is based
 on the, you know, the last accounting report is going to be on the last 5.6.
 And then if you look at the digital revenue, if it is also normalized, it's going to be
 increased by 7.3 instead of decreasing 7.1 related with the digital business revenue.
 Thank you.
 Okay, so the difference is mainly
 because of accounting changes.
 not because of the added services being booked.
 So, actually, because under the FRS 15, we have to reclass related with the disk on the
 set.
 them in the last quarter four, we did the, you know, the
 and the classification and proportionate.
 locate for the legacy revenue and digital business revenue.
 Thank you.
 All right, thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Chong Chen Fu of CIMB.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, thanks for the call.
 This is a phone from CIMB.
 Three questions from me.
 Firstly, on Indie Home, can you talk a bit about competition in this space, and do you
 see that as potentially, you know, posing some risks to your art pool and also your
 subscriber targets for 2021. That's the first question.
 Secondly, for the enterprise business, you've mentioned there's still some uncertainties
 with regards to the impact from COVID-19 and all that. But I wanted to find out, you know, do you
 expect the enterprise business to be still loss making this year or do you see a turn around?
 And my third question with regards to telcom cell, how do you see OPEX trending this year,
 here, excluding depreciation.
 Yup, those are my three questions.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mr. Phong.
 Let me start to answer your question in the home-competitive landscape.
 Today, even in the, I think, the same put-train that we have with our competitor, we don't
 see kind of very aggressive movement from our competitors.
 So the competition is quite popular for us, as we have, I think, end-to-end, the fibres
 that are much stronger compared to our competitors.
 On the other hand with regard to this actually regarding the I think R4 correction we don't
 see that in this moment, because as the digitalization coming with the higher speed right now, and
 Also, more people work from home and study from home.
 the demand becoming actually stronger and then many actually our customer asking for
 higher speed of the indie home services. This, in addition to some of the, I think, content
 that we provide also in the home will give us kind of a
 a popular situation in terms of the ARPU trend in this year.
 Okay, and then in the second question on the enterprise impact of this copy, as we mentioned
 to you that actually we are becoming more, I think, selective in choosing the project
 into seeing our clients and also more seeing the profitability also of the business.
 So, we see that actually this business although still quite low in terms of the profitability,
 is already provide profitability business for us.
 What we do expect, as mentioned also by our CEO, is going to be our future business as
 As we improve the, I think, profitability and as I think more enterprise needs services
 from this one.
 We believe this is going to be next to the indie home world in the future.
 Number three, I'm sorry, I'm out.
 So we forget the cost of trending for this year.
 For 2020, we see the slightly decreased combination
 within OPEC and depreciation.
 And for this year 2021, the OPEC related with the revenue
 and some costs related with the spectrum that we get,
 is going to be in this.
 And the T-Prey is going to be aligned with the, you know, additional investment that
 related with our cost in the, you know, the, the network and also the tower. So it's been
 the trending for OPEC, the fund cost related with the revenue is going to be increase related
 with the additional of our network, but from cost-related with digitalization, related
 with how we end up with the impact of the profit is going to be decreasing.
 So we also do the managing of the cost related with our network because currently we have
 the program to, you know, to simplify one network based on setting the hour 3G.
 So perhaps with those kind of, you know, activity, the effect, the relative of the network can
 be managed.
 and we have also scaling in terms of the network capacity and then we also have the benefit
 of the, you know, from the respect tower that we are not currently filling the
 power because the Jali-Spec tower has a slightly
 you know, it's better compared with market.
 So it means that cost still can be manageable.
 And if it is increased, it's going to be aligned with our revenue and our network.
 Thank you.
 Understood, thank you so much everyone.
 Yeah.
 The next question comes from the line of Krishna Kotabara of Mandiri, please ask your question.
 Hi, good afternoon, management.
 Thanks for the opportunity.
 I have three questions actually, so just bear with me.
 So my first question is, Peter, come on.
 So, can we get some update on the Comptail's capital allocation strategy over the next
 next two to three years.
 You can see that.
 have monetized its brick-and-mort assets such as towers and at the same time invested more
 heavily into tech platforms, such as investment in Gojek,
 Thank you.
 and TMI and so on.
 So as the council recalibrate its asset structure,
 can get some color up to how much of stock of business
 will actually pivot towards the digital mobile.
 and pass any guidance on the little capex budget
 for the next two to three years.
 and what sort of RYC and enterprise value should impact
 a little bit.
 And that's it for this video.
 Chief.
 Second question is to telecom management as well.
 similar to the question that I've heard from Sal.
 When it comes to digital investments, we understand that some digital investments may not yield
 as high cash returns as traditional telecom businesses in the near term.
 So how should we balance the need to maintain steady cash returns at the outcome level
 with the need to fulfill TACOM's legal TACOM strategy
 and leadership going forward.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Okay, so I think from the capital we have the plan to maintain the percentage of our
 Revenue is going to be around 14% to 15% aligned with the percentage of our revenue.
 So it means the capital is going to be slightly aligned with our, our, uh,
 selectively cut our decrease line with our revenue contribution, including from the next
 two and three years and then related with the digital
 In first month, I think Pasunam can help for this, you know, answer the question, please.
 Thank you very much for the question and clearly I think we continue to look for good
 and strategic opportunity to invest in growth potential and I think you highlighted about
 our investment in Gojek. Yes, we have done our first investment. And so, if I may, you
 You know, it has been a good opportunity for us and in the early day, we have seen good
 traction among the two companies, we see synergy that we can derive.
 So, moving forward, you know, if we continue to have opportunity like that, we will definitely
 Look at the investment carefully.
 At the same time, beyond inorganic, we are also actively looking at organic growth of
 digital.
 we have over the year built up a lot of digital assets.
 So this will be yet another focus
 that we will take with regard to digital investment.
 Panto, you have anything to add on to that?
 Yeah, thank you about your name.
 Park Krishna from Mandiriya as an additional information from World Park Sundari and Park
 would not mention. So as you can see we are transforming ourselves from telco to
 become a digital delco. And we show it in terms of how we allocate our capital to invest
 on the digital.
 Of course, we hope that by doing this, we will be able to cope with the recent development
 of the digital world and stay relevant to become more and more close to our customer.
 And yes, we hope that our overall movement on digital initiative will have a positive
 positive impact on our valuation multiple later on.
 That's overall strategy of that, the concept.
 Thank you so much for everything.
 We should get.
 Your next question comes from the line of Neko Margarones
 of BRI Dana-Rexa, please ask your question.
 Thank you.
 Thank you the management and congratulations I think for the good fourth quarter.
 three questions, but I think they're straightforward.
 First of all, you mentioned about EBITDA margins guidance for 2021 to be stable.
 Can you break it down by a business pillar, mobile in the home and enterprise business?
 That's my first question.
 Secondly, how should we think about this?
 the consequences from a PSA-K72 in terms of data revenue.
 revenue. So that should mean that going forward there will be some revenue, some data revenue
 being allocated under legacy revenue.
 Is that a fair understanding?
 because that's number two.
 And number three, in terms of your 5G rollouts,
 And you mentioned that that would be within 2021.
 Is that going to be for retail segment, or would it be selective rollouts?
 How do you plan in doing this?
 you're going to be initially focusing on the business segments. Thank you.
 Thank you for Niko for your question. I will pick the first question. On the EBITDA margin
 guideline as mentioned by our CEO are we going to have a kind of stable every
 with the margin. I cannot, unfortunately, I cannot provide you too much detail in the
 parent company on the EBITDA margin per the business pillar but overall I think
 as what we result in 2020 this year.
 Of course, the next highest evident margin coming from India, the highest one coming
 from telecom cell and then from wholesale and as we previously mentioned we are in the
 process of, I think, improving the enterprise. Enterprise will be the smallest one. Why we
 We cannot provide you with so much detail on this one.
 a lot of actually common asset include in this I think a good thing treatment to really
 understand on the cost allocation here. I think that's a I think a brief
 dollar to your buck.
 Yeah, sorry, for number two, elected to the base, case 72, actually for the course of
 Therefore, we implement the PSHK72.
 So some discount you said.
 previously allocated in the legacy.
 Currently, we review and then we process it based on the usage.
 which is tributates in the data.
 So this is actually the, you know, one thought that we are not aligned with the, you know,
 and then going forward, it's going to be consistent for us to allocate the discount usage based
 on the progression that you said.
 So the data that you said, the discount you said from data is going to be allocated also
 proportionate with the data and the legacy is going to be consistent allocated for the
 delicacy.
 So I think for this year, it's going to be consistent.
 we implement the basic 7.2 so the impact from the data is not going to be
 happen like in Kuala Lumpur.
 Thank you.
 I think he stopped up let me let me answer it ok for the 5g 5g is a bit different with
 for G is for mass usage. This year for telecom cell 5G, we will implement it selectively,
 not as a mass rollout of a network all over Indonesia,
 Indonesia, it will be selective in certain area and certain condition and it will be
 both for B2B and B2C.
 So, as a leader in the technology implementation teleconcept, we always put the good service
 and leading service to its customer, both for consumer and B2B market.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much for listening.
 We'll see you in the next video.
 We have another question from the line of P.U.'s Chowdhury of HSBC, please ask your question.
 Yeah, thanks a lot. Three more questions. Firstly, on indie home, can you share what
 is the current home pass and ports as of fiscal 20.
 and what are the network rollout objectives
 and sub-edition target for 2021.
 Secondly, you mentioned about Synergy Benefits with GOJEC.
 Can you give us some examples of how you are able to derive such benefits?
 And thirdly, on Mitra tell, what is the expectation for organic tower and tendency growth for
 for 2021. Thank you.
 Okay, and for number one, for the home bus in 2020, actually for the home bus at Frankie
 for the indie home is about $20.7 million.
 And for the port itself, it's a 1.7.
 Sorry, it's not very clear in the voice.
 Okay. Hold on, bud.
 For the home bus in the 2020, it's about 20.7, that means the home bus is ready for the
 home and for the box itself is about 12.7 million and the target customer in the 2021
 Actually, there is still a potential of high-priced
 that make connectivity for the whole show.
 but in the 2021, we will more effective for this
 And we believe we still can add another 1 million subscribers in the home
 with some potential additional coming from the 6-1 access for the new customers, especially
 for the area that we have no idea with the infrastructure for the new home.
 Welcome to the bar views.
 Let me add some, I think, some color for bookbenders.
 Basically what Bhupenu mentioned is we expect to have a decision of about 1 million in the
 home, I think regular lines, and also in addition to that, we also do expect we can have a fixed
 virus access around 500 kilos. So this is going to bring us to around 1.5 million additional
 I think for Ben, that in our portfolio.
 Got it back
 use this at the end of the telecom cell with regard to your question about synergy benefit
 from the council go check investment.
 So during our first investment,
 We have several, if I'm not mistaken, 10 strategy,
 synergy initiative that we plan to implement during the collaboration.
 And until the first three months, we already launched five collaboration programs.
 And so far, the result of that collaboration program
 value that derived from that collaboration program is above what we expect, we can name
 it one of it is we create a special package for driver, project driver, special.com sale
 package, data package for project driver, we call it packet swada, yeah, and then we also exchange our
 for my ads and Gobi's integration, where our merchant and project merchant and telecom
 and telecom sale outlets can use their advertising together.
 Basically, Gojek Merchant can use telecom sales, digital advertising, things like that.
 And so far we see that the collaboration going forward with Kojak is going better and better
 and we hope that the synergy value that we plan will achieve more than 100% this year.
 Thank you.
 On your third question, Papius on the Mitratel, as previously mentioned, actually we are in
 the preparation for having IPO for this company. So we triggered to this preparation and the
 process. Unfortunately, I cannot give you so much color on this one. The only I think
 information that we already provide previously. I think that's the maximum that we can provide
 with respect to the compliance of the process. I think the tendency, if you remember, we
 We have around 1.65, that our objective and our plan is to have this Mitratel ready for
 the IPO by the end of the year, subject to the market condition, I think that's the
 the situation that we have today.
 Thank you, Pakheri. Understood.
 Thank you.
 Another question from the line of our answer Pineda of city group, please ask
 Hi, sorry, two follow-up questions, please.
 I'm not sure if you can answer this, but can you share your thoughts on the remaining
 telecom cell towers? Are there any plans for any further asset transfers over the long run?
 Second question is on telecom sale proceeds given the prior sale, given that you do have
 the proceeds at hand, what are your thoughts on deploying the capital on that would you
 look to recycle it by doing dividends to shareholders, i.e. which is to Telcom and
 or is it likely to be retained on the Telcom cell level?
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much for the question on the tower.
 This is Sunam from TACOMSEL.
 Now, one of the key strategies that we have is always to look at how we can optimize
 our capital structure and of course also unlocking the value.
 So we have done so and your question is that are we looking at more?
 So my answer is that as long as there is an opportunity
 for us to unlock that value, we will do so and we will also do so according to market
 condition as well. So I hope that answers the question that you asked.
 Yes, and on the capital that you've received, is that just going to stay until comes up?
 The capital that we received actually because that you see the council will and cities where this problem so we
 the capital that we get from the selling of the tower is distributed to the shareholder.
 Yeah.
 uh... adding to
 That's all.
 Thanks for watching.
 the way we see it like this. We don't reduce our investment in that power. Basically, proceed
 coming from the cell of tower, from the telecom cell that's coming as dependent to telecoms,
 we put it in the meat rattle actually.
 So basically, that is in practical how we manage the cash coming from that tower selling.
 Okay.
 So there's already been a dividend paid out by Telcom, so comment, okay, got it.
 Okay. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 We have another question from Nico Margarones of BRI Danarexa, please ask your question.
 Yes, thank you
 I would like to pick up on the Gojek collaboration and some news that I found in the Bloomberg
 terminal that you're considering of increasing your investment and project, could you provide
 some more color on this and what do you expect to achieve by increasing your stake in Gojek?
 Thank you.
 Yes, as we may aware, we invest in Gojek and we have the plan to continue to invest and
 collaborate with them of course as a strategic investor one of one of main one of main purpose
 of investment is to get the synergy value between us and them, right?
 So we hope that in the in the upcoming future with the recent development in Gojek, we will
 increase our collaboration so we will both party will derive a synergy value from the
 synergy collaboration that will happen and also as an investment also we also hope that we can get
 capital gain from our investment. So it will be both sides. Number one is in terms of synergy
 that we can derive and the second one is from the capital debt that we invest.
 All right, all right.
 Thank you, Pasadiano.
 If I may, can I have a second question with regard to your – to corporate actions?
 You mentioned about Mitratel deadline, timeline towards the end of the year for going IPO.
 I also picked up news about data center, data center business going IPO by the telecom
 group. Could you provide also some color on this?
 Thank you
 Okay.
 Okay, on the data center that we are building now is, as we call it, is the first data center.
 at the center, which is the east of Jakarta, specifically.
 And it should be ready for the support of this year.
 And I'm not sure if you can hear me, but I have a question for you.
 And we also, actually, as part of the data center, we also currently have been deploying
 What we call is the F data center toward the country.
 you know we have a
 22 locations, but we plan to enter some of the locations that we're spotting the neighbors
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 So, for the ITO, I think we have spent quite some time.
 We plan to consolidate the data center first and then we look at the appeal probably sometime
 I may not read what I need to read.
 Okay, so let me confirm, late 23, you mentioned.
 Yeah, early 20 days.
 So basically we have some data centers, which is under our subsidiary Sigma and also in telecom
 international and parent company as well. We're going to
 to consolidate all the data center and including the potential for future development, as mentioned
 also by one in the still in the
 the progressing of the HIPAA scale. And this also, I think we also potentially will invite
 somebody else also who can bring technology, bring market and so on to come to Indonesia
 as well in the partnership.
 Later on, when this is already mentioned, we may come to the market in 2023, for example.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, buddy
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions from the line at this time this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating
 and you may now all disconnect.