 Thank you, Bobby.
 due to our portfolio strength and digital momentum.
 We far exceeded our plans in 2016.
 We should pass our initial revenue guidance by half a billion dollars, and our initial
 non-gap EPS guidance by more than 40 cents, and we also outperformed expectations for
 on a holiday quarter.
 in driving our record-setting gear, and as we look ahead,
 You remain focused on our three strategic pillars.
 First, explaining our audiences.
 deepening engagement, and third, providing opportunities for more player investment.
 Let's start with audience reach which was four hundred and forty seven million monthly active users this quarter
 Blizzard had record Q4 MAUs of 41 million, and for the year, Blizzard had its highest
 annual MA use ever, up 37% from 2015, and up 87% since 2014.
 14.
 This is a remarkable achievement demonstrating the strength of the Blizzard portfolio capabilities.
 Overwatch, released in May, set a record for the strongest launch year of financial performance
 of any game in Blizzard's 26-year history.
 The game is critically acclaimed, receiving 55 Game of the Year awards and reach 25 million
 and register players faster than any franchise in Blizzard history.
 beating Diablo 3's launch in your unit sales record set in 2012,
 which for a new IP is an extraordinary accomplishment.
 In Q4,
不對
 u
 franchise high as existing players get engaged and new players join the fun.
 showcasing its continued global appeal
 Overwatch has players all over the world, including great success in Korea and China.
 It's always difficult for Western companies to succeed there, and Overwatch's popularity
 is a testament to Blizzard's unique ability to create globally appealing games.
 World of Warcraft's Legion expansion, which launched in late August, continues to re-energize
 the community.
 For the year MAUs were up 10% and for the quarter MAUs were up over 20% versus year ago
 Hearthstone players enjoyed a tremendous amount of new content in 2016, with one adventure
 and two expansions, including Mean Streets of Guidance in the fourth quarter.
 For the year, Hearthstone had record MAUs up over 20% year over year, and for the quarter,
 may use well start with this year ago.
 Activision had Q4 MAUs of 51 million.
 On a full year basis, Activision had its highest annual MEU ever,
 up 3% from 2015 and up 23% since 2014.
 Backup 3's digital season led to record MAUs for call of duty in the year, and destiny
 showed steady engagement in its third year.
 Call of Duty was the number one franchise in North America for the eighth year in a row,
 and the number one consult franchise globally and mental with health for seven of the last eight years.
 Activision's November release.
 Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is a high-quality, innovative game that peered with Modern Warfare
 Master offers a tremendous amount of value in gameplay variety.
 However, sales underperformed our expectations and it's clear that for a portion of our audience the space setting just didn't resonate.
 We had a passionate, experienced studio deeply committed to this direction, and despite the
 the risks we saw, we believe it is important to consider the passions of our game teams
 Deciding what content to create
 While it wasn't the success we planned, it allows us to protect a co-attendance of our
 culture that Bobby discussed. Empowering our talented teams to have the chance to pursue
 opportunities that they are passionate about. Providing an environment that
 recognizes passion is a critical component of our success and a process to learn from
 our mistakes is what makes our company special, and it's why the most talented people in our
 industry attracted to our company.
 In 2017, Activision will take Call of Duty back to its roots and traditional combat
 Well, once again, take sample stage.
 This is what our dedicated community of Call of Duty players and Sledgehammer Games who
 who has been developing this year's title
 the most excited about. The Call of Duty community remains strong and Call of Duty is the most
 successful video game franchise of the last 20 years. Overall franchise may use
 were stable in Q4, as players engaged on multiple titles.
 life-to-date on current-gen consoles,
 Call of Duty alone has three of the top 10 games.
 This demonstrates the value of year-round engagement
 and life operations on both.
 new releases, and our highly engaging prior releases.
 Activision also released Skylanders Imaginators during the fourth quarter.
 an innovative new game that allows players to create and play their very own Skylanders.
 The game has delighted kids around the world and has grown the franchise to become the
 11th biggest console franchise of all time, with more than 300 million toys sold, based
 Based on this range of strengths, our film and TV division launched its first initiative
 with Skyliners Academy on Netflix in October,
 has been very well received.
 The second season will be delivered later this year,
 and Netflix has already ordered a third season.
 In 2017, rather than releasing a new control tile, we will be supporting the award-winning
 Scallon's imaginators with multiple adventure packs, new characters, and new in-game content.
 We're also excited to bring Skylanders Imaginators to Nintendo Switch as a launch title next
 months and we have a new scan of this mobile game in development.
 Now, turning to our second strategic pillar, deepening engagement.
 While compelling games, deep gameplay, and consistent follow-on content, draw not only
 large communities but also strong engagement with over 10 billion hours of playtime in
 43 billion hours of engagement in 2016 was on par with Netflix and one-and-a-half times
 Snapchat.
 yet.
 Certainly, we own our compact.
 Wizards Q4 play time set a new record, breaking the previous record set in Q3.
 During the fourth quarter, Overwatch had its second and third seasonal events, Halloween
 and Winter Wonderland.
 showcasing the successful year-round event-based approach to content.
 each successive event grows new engagement records,
 including the most recent Lunar New Year event,
 And Overwatch has more exciting content coming.
 is that the increased investment in World of Warcraft Development resources is paying
 off through a more regular content cadence for players with two patches released since
 Legion launched. This has resulted in higher engagement for the franchise, with an increase
 in total playtime for the quarter, surpassing Legion's launch quarter and all non-launch
 quarters in the last four years. More content is coming later this year as the
 full Legion story unfolds.
 Hing's player base continues to be highly engaged with time span of 34 minutes per daily active user, an increase over last year and last quarter.
 This was due in part to our increased focus on live operation efforts.
 King also released a new franchise sequel at the start of this year, Babu Rich Saga 3, which is off to a great start.
 Playing our games is just one way our players engage with our franchises.
 We recently announced our new consumer product division headed by Tim Kilpen, a veteran of
 Mattel and Disney.
 Elevating our nascent consumer products business to a more
 strategic level is a great opportunity to provide our communities with more high quality
 products and collectibles based on our own intellectual properties.
 Our audiences also connect with our franchises by viewing our games.
 In fact, Acquisition Blizzard accounted for 5 of the top 10 most viewed games on Twitch
 in 2016.
 eSports has become not only a catalyst for increased reach and engagement, but also a
 to stay the long opportunity.
 Our Major League Gaming Division hit a number of milestones this year, including hosting
 tournaments for Call of Duty, Overwatch, and World of Warcraft, launching the enhanced
 viewing experience, integrating the MLG.tv player
 the call of duty.
 growing video viewers on social platforms like Facebook and Instagram by 50% and
 increasing price play engagements by over 60% year-over-year.
 Activision's launch of the Call of Duty World League sparked strong growth for Call of Duty eSports.
 Activision doubled the 2016 price pool to over $3.5 million across 16 hosted events.
 Millions of fans were drawn to the action with the 2016 season delivering 120 million
 and video views, and more than twice the time spent viewing
 compared to last year's season.
 We look forward to plenty more action in the months to come.
 Last year BlizzCon held its 10th BlizzCon and celebrated its 25th anniversary.
 BlizzCon again sold out in minutes and through a large global audience with over 25,000 in-person attendees and
 and 10 million people from around the world tuning in.
 Blizzard also sold a record number of Direct TV pay-per-view tickets to fans wanting the full BlizzCon virtual experience.
 Blizzard announced the formation of the Overwatch League at BlizzCon.
 For fans, it will offer city-based teams around the world competing in annual seasons with
 to standardize schedules, creating a consistent experience
 to build passion and allegiance.
 The team owners guarantee slots and clear rights will enable stability and transparency
 that they can invest in.
 for players, contracts, including benefits,
 and the combined for player selection
 will open up the sort of career opportunities associated with traditional sports.
 The Overwatch League is being designed to bring a new era to eSports with an epic end
 to t-
 experience for everyone involved.
 With this field, it has the community passion in place and the required structure established
 to commence the process of selling teams and media rights for the Overwatch League later this year.
 We'll have more exciting news to share in the month ahead.
 In January, Blizzard kicked off its heroes global championship and announced its upcoming
 and Third Annual Colleges eSports Competition.
 Heroes of the Dawn, which will be streamed exclusively via Facebook Live, ensuring broader
 global accessibility to East West audiences.
 Turning next to the third pillar of our strategy, providing opportunities for more play and
 investment.
 In-game purchases were yet again close to $1 billion in the quarter and a record $3.8 billion for the year, more than double last year's $1.7 billion.
 Even without the benefit of the addition of Kingtoa Portfolio, the company's in-game purchases would have grown 33% this year.
 World of Warcraft content and continued strength in Overwatch seasonal events
 delivered Blizzard's record levels of in-game revenue
 in the quarter and for the full year.
 Activision's record in-game revenues for 2016 was driven by a record-setting Call of Duty Black Ops 3 in-game
 Indian Conference season, where for the first time,
 head-on revenues were greater than DLC and season parts combined, even with record season
 past participation.
 Over the past several years, Activision has methodically and creatively
 Evolve the call of duty business model and this performance illustrates the impact those
 strategies have had in a relatively short period of time.
 It also showcases the virtuous cycle created
 when engaging call tent leads to more player investment.
 And this year is the first time we have three player
 communities at scale concurrently in Infinite Warfare, Modern Warfare Remastered and Black
 of 3 and we will be supporting each of them with new content throughout the year.
 Anthony continues to have a large and committed audience,
 which is eager for new costs and then adventures.
 Activision, along with their partners at Bungie,
 plan to answer the call with the release of a full Destiny sequel later this year, decided
 of thrill are existing royal fan base and bring many new players into the fold.
 We plan to support the release of the Seagrow with a great content plan post-launch setting
 the stage for growth with this year's sequel and the content season that will follow.
 The game continues to perform from a player in different perspectives, despite the way
 I may use.
 looking for paying user has increased six quarters in a row to its highest level ever.
 Importantly, we saw stability in the Candy Crush franchise throughout the year with force
 and full-year mobile growth bookings increasing year-over-year for the franchise.
 We have also invested in a mobile incubation pipeline with multiple games for a number
 of our core franchises across the company.
 We will rely on our own talented teams and partners
 and leverage things from all the expertise.
 Some of these games have reached a clover-type phase,
 and we believe could drive growth in future years.
 We have more to share on our expanding mobile efforts down the road.
 despite many opportunities for improvement.
 2016 was by far our best year ever for what we've accomplished and for the groundwork
 related to realize the significant growth opportunities that lie ahead.
 Dennis will now review the numbers in more detail.