 My name is Christelle and I will be your conference facilitator this morning.
 At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Danaher
 Corporation's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call.
 All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.
 After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question during this time,
 please press star one on your touch tone phone
 If you would like to withdraw your question, please press the pound key on your telephone
 keypad. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Matt Gugino, Vice President of
 of Investor Relations.
 Mr. Cagino, please go ahead.
 Thanks, Christelle. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call. With
 us today are Tom Joyce, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Matt McGrew,
 our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 I'd like to point out that our earnings release,
 this five presentation supplementing today's call,
 our first quarter 2020 Form 10Q and the reconciliations
 and other information required by FCC Regulation G
 relating to any non-cap financial measures provided during the call are all available
 on the investor section of our website, www.dannaher.com, under the heading, quarterly
 The audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later
 today under the heading events and presentations and we'll remain archived until our next
 quarterly call.
 A replay of this call will also be available until May 21, 2020.
 During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that
 impacted you over your performance.
 The supplemental materials describe additional factors
 that impacted year-over-year performance.
 Unless otherwise noted, all references
 and these remarks and supplemental materials
 to company-specific financial metrics
 refer to results from continuing operations
 and relate to the first quarter of 2020.
 and all references to period-to-period increases or decreases in financial metrics.
 our year over year.
 We may also describe certain products and devices
 which have applications submitted and pending
 for certain regulatory approvals are available only
 in certain markets.
 During the call, we'll make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal
 security's laws, including statements regarding
 events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future.
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including
 those set forth in our SEC filings and actual results might differ materially from any forward
 booking statements that we make today.
 These four looking statements speak only as of the date
 that they are made, and we do not assume any obligation
 to update any forward-looking statements
 except as required by law.
 as a result of the size of the site team acquisition
 and this impact on Daner's overall Corp. Revenue and Growth Profile starting with the
 second quarter of 2020, we intend to present core revenue growth on a basis that includes
 CITIVA as if the business had been known for the current period and the comparable prior
 period. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom. Thanks Matt and good
 Good morning, everyone.
 I'd like to start off today
 by recognizing our associates around the world
 for their dedication and invaluable contributions
 during this unprecedented time.
 Their response to the COVID-19 pandemic has been humbling and inspiring.
 They're working tirelessly to ensure our facilities are up and running so that we can
 continue to provide customers with the tools necessary to carry out their essential work.
 Our suppliers have also been incredibly supportive as this crisis has unfolded.
 Every one of our associates, customers, and business partners is making a difference today.
 and I'm incredibly grateful for their collective efforts.
 Given how top-of-mind the impact of the virus is,
 we thought we would structure the call
 a little differently this quarter.
 Before we run through our first quarter results,
 I'll highlight a number of our innovative solutions
 that are part of the direct response.
 helping to fight COVID-19.
 I'll provide a recap of the trends
 we saw across our end markets through the month of April.
 And I'll wrap up with a few words on our announcement
 about the upcoming CEO transition.
 At Dan and Her, we are incredibly fortunate to navigate these turbulent times from a position
 of strength, with a resilient portfolio of businesses, an extremely talented team, and
 the Dan of her business system as our driving force.
 These recent events have certainly presented
 a number of unforeseen challenges across our businesses.
 but they've also created opportunities
 for us to support our customers
 and the global community in the unprecedented fight
 against COVID-19.
 We're proud to support frontline healthcare providers with much-needed
 diagnostic testing capabilities today.
 and to support the pursuit of new treatments and vaccines for the future.
 As we collectively strive to contain this novel virus,
 Diagnostic testing provides essential information
 to help us better understand and ultimately curb the spread
 of COVID-19.
 IDT was an early leader in this effort, as their primer and probe kits provide a key
 detection component in COVID-19 diagnostic tests. To date, IDT has shipped kits to enable more than
 30 million diagnostic tests for the virus. In March, Cepheid launched the first rapid
 molecular test related to COVID-19 that provides highly accurate results within 45 minutes.
 the leading global install base of more than 23,000 molecular
 diagnostic instruments, including 5,000 in the U.S.
 These evidence tests are being deployed on the front lines to test patients and protect
 healthcare workers.
 Since Cepheid's test became available, the team has shipped approximately two million
 in test cartridges.
 And going forward, we now expect to be able to ship approximately 6 million tests per
 quarter.
 greatly exceeding our initial expectations.
 recommendations.
 published independent studies indicate that Cepheid's test performance is best
 in class versus other point-of-care platforms on the market today.
 providing superior virus detection with one of the fastest time to results.
 The market-leading caliber of Cepheid's test, combined with their significant production
 ramp up.
 is a testament to this innovative team's commitment to tackle this global health crisis head-on.
 at Beckman-Coulter Diagnostics.
 The team announced that it is developing assays
 to identify antibodies to the virus.
 We expect these antibody assays will play a critical role
 in understanding immunity and in turn improving the world's ability to manage COVID-19 going
 forward. Beckman will be launching one of these assays shortly. A high-sensitivity
 automated IgG serology test. The team plans to ramp production capability to
 more than 2 million tests in May, and over 30 million tests per month by the end of June.
 This assay will be able to run on Beckman's global installed base of more than 16,000
 in the immunoassay analyzers.
 we look ahead toward potential new therapeutics
 and vaccines for COVID-19.
 Paul and Saitiva are supporting biotech researchers and manufacturers around the world.
 We're working tirelessly to find a cure.
 Paul's filtration solutions are designed into the bioproduction process of multiple
 leading vaccine candidates.
 And CITIVA is supporting numerous vaccine programs in development, providing specific
 prototype.
 resins and helping them prepare to scale up production volumes. These are just a
 A few examples of how we're helping to accelerate our customer's important pursuit of COVID-19
 treatment, prevention, and ultimately a cure.
 Speaking of psych-tiva, I want to take this opportunity to officially welcome the team
 to Danaher. We're thrilled to have them on board. With the addition of Citeva, we've
 You doubled our annual revenue in the highly attractive biopharmaceutical end market to
 more than $5 billion, which represents approximately 50% of our life science platform's annual
 revenue. With a more comprehensive offering across the entire bioproduction workflow,
 We're better able to support our customers who are working to deliver more life-saving
 drugs faster and at a lower cost.
 an important endeavor that's certainly accentuated
 by today's global health crisis.
 SITIVA is off to a great start here in 2020 and achieved approximately 10% revenue growth
 in its first quarter.
 Given the significance of the acquisition to our operating results, we will include
 Cytibus performance as part of our overall core growth revenue metric beginning in the
 in the second quarter.
 Now let's take a look at our first quarter results.
 Sales grew 3% to $4.3 billion, driven by 4.5% core revenue growth.
 The impact of foreign currency translation decreased revenues by one and a half percent.
 Geographically, high single-digit revenue growth in the developed markets was partially
 offset by high single-digit declines in high growth markets.
 Revenue in China was down more than 25% as a result of extensive shutdowns related to
 related to COVID-19.
 while January and February were solid
 across North America and Western Europe,
 We saw a downturn in demand toward the end of the quarter
 when the pandemic became more severe across these regions.
 Flows profit margin for the first quarter was 56.2%, and operating profit margin was 16.1%.
 adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $1.05.
 We generated $694 million of free cash flow, a 21% increase year-over-year, helping to
 support our strong financial position.
 Now, we'll take a more detailed look at the results across the portfolio.
 Science reported revenue increased one and a half percent with core revenue growth of
 2.5% led by high single digit or better core revenue growth at Paul, IDT, and Beckman Life
 sciences. The global effort to develop COVID-19-related testing and treatments
 drove demand for our bioprocessing, genomic, and automation solutions.
 That strong performance was partially offset by declines in our more instrument-oriented
 businesses, like microsystems and SCIACs, which were negatively
 impacted by deferrals of large capital equipment purchases.
 This dynamic was particularly acute in academic research,
 as most of these labs around the world remained closed
 due to COVID-19 related shutdowns.
 Moving to Diagnostics.
 Reported revenue was up 6%, with 8% core revenue growth, led by very strong results at our
 our point of care businesses.
 Cepheid and Radiometer.
 Cepheid achieved more than 40% core revenue growth with broad-based strength across the
 all major product lines and geographies.
 Particular strength in Cepheid's flu assay was driven by the combination of a more severe
 flu season and increased testing during the coronavirus outbreak.
 We also saw early strong demand for Cepheid's COVID-19 test,
 which receives U.S. FDA emergency use authorization
 at the end of March.
 A radiometer business achieved high teens core revenue growth.
 Surges and hospitalized patients being treated for COVID-19
 Drove demand for radiometers, blood gas, instruments, and tests.
 a key parameter to monitor in critically ill patients.
 with the largest global installed base of blood gas
 instruments.
 Radiometers well positioned to support clinicians and patients through this unprecedented health
 your challenge and beyond.
 Beckman-Coulter Diagnostics Core Revenue decreased mid-single digits.
 Solid performance in North America and Western Europe was offset by significant declines in China as a result of the extensive shutdowns
 initiated in January.
 These containment measures resulted in very few patients going to hospitals for treatment
 or procedures that were not COVID, not related to COVID-19, which greatly reduced core laboratory
 testing volumes.
 Moving to our Environmental and Applied Solutions segment, reported revenue increased 1% with
 two-and-a-half percent core revenue growth. In our water quality platform, mid-single-digit
 Core Revenue Growth was led by Double-Digit Core Revenue Growth at Camtree.
 Our water businesses provide essential products and solutions used to test and treat water
 around the world.
 a mission critical service in any economic environment.
 Good demand for our consumables and chemistries continued, while equipment sales declined
 toward the end of the quarter, as the broader macro uncertainty
 many customers and municipalities to postpone larger expenditures.
 Core revenue at our product identification platform was down low single digits with growth
 in marking and coding offset by declines in our packaging solutions businesses.
 videojet, equipment sales were down, but we saw strong demand for consumables across
 consumer packaged goods, medical, and food and beverage end markets as widespread
 shelter-in-place orders drove a surge in consumer purchases.
 So the first quarter was challenging on many fronts, but we believe that the combination
 of
 of our outstanding team's DBS-driven execution
 and differentiated portfolio.
 enable Dan and her to outperform on a relative basis.
 So moving on to what we saw in April.
 The trends across our end markets through the month
 We're largely a continuation of the dynamics
 that began to take hold during the last few weeks of March.
 We continue to see a bifurcation
 across our life science and markets.
 COVID-19 related research and development.
 increased significantly over the last 60 days.
 among our pharmaceutical and biotech customers.
 particularly in areas like antiviral therapies,
 vaccine development, and immune response research and testing.
 In turn, this generates strong demand for our bioprocessing, genomic, and automation solutions.
 Good momentum also continued for other non-COVID-19 related bioprocessing, driving demand for
 filtration, chromatography, single use, and cell and gene therapy products.
 However, most academic research labs in the U.S. and Europe remain closed, and labs in
 China have only recently started to reopen.
 These closures have resulted in significant installation delays for existing instrument
 orders.
 And it appears that customers are holding off on new capital purchases until the lab's
 re-open and they fully return to work.
 Looking across clinical diagnostics, we continued to see very strong demand through April for
 molecular point of care and acute care testing, which is also driving increased instrument
 placements globally.
 contrasted with lower activity in hospital labs and reference labs, where the significant
 the clients in elective procedures, emergency department visits, and wellness checks continue
 to negatively impact testing volumes.
 We also saw delayed orders and deferred new spending
 on larger capital equipment in these labs.
 In the applied markets, the divergence of demand between consumables and equipment persisted
 through April. Consumables remain solid as customers sustained essential business
 operations like testing and treating water and safely packaging consumer product goods
 in medicine, but equipment purchases are
 of being delayed as mission-critical operating
 expenses are prioritized over larger capital investments.
 The cadence of these end-market dynamics appears to be consistent with the spread of the virus,
 with a negative impact in North America and Western Europe, trailing that of China.
 kind of gradually improved in April as lockdowns were lifted and businesses started to reopen
 and revenue growth was slightly better than initial expectations heading into the quarter.
 in North America and Western Europe,
 We believe that the clines are beginning to stabilize
 and expect modest sequential improvements
 over the next few months as these regions
 begin to gradually reopen.
 In light of these recent trends, we expect second quarter core revenue growth, including
 Cytiva to be in the range of flat to down 10%.
 So to wrap up, as I reflect on the events of the last few months, I am humbled by our
 team's dedication and innovative response to this unprecedented crisis.
 True to our core values, our associates are listening to our customers and innovating
 to help address their toughest challenges.
 never before have these challenges been more collectively urgent and abundant and I'm
 I'm so proud of our associates have risen to the occasion.
 Looking ahead, we feel very well positioned
 to navigate through this uncertain environment.
 We believe that the combination of our outstanding portfolio
 an exceptional team.
 and DBS-driven execution will continue to differentiate Danaher in 2020 and beyond.
 Now, before we go to Q&A, I want to address the press release that went out last night
 regarding our upcoming CEO transition.
 After more than 30 years at Danaher, including the last six as CEO, I've decided to begin
 in the transition to retirement.
 I do this, no-
 Mcdanagher has never been stronger.
 the combination of our portfolio, enhanced execution around innovation, and our season
 to the leadership team driven by the Danher Business System.
 create a strong foundation for continued outperformance.
 I have loved every day of the past three decades.
 And throughout my entire day on her
 career I've been privileged to be part of an incredible team. I've always
 considered the primary responsibilities of my current role, to be focused on deploying
 c-
 capital efficiency, enhancing the portfolio, driving innovation, and developing town.
 I can now look back fondly on the tremendous progress we've made on all these fronts.
 I plan to see the corporation through the challenges of the next few months, and I'm
 I'm confident that our portfolio and the team are both in a fantastic position to thrive
 in the years to come.
 Many of you know Reiner Blair well from his days as president of PsyX, and more recently
 as our EVP leading the evolution of our life science platform.
 enhancing the platform's growth and margin profile while leading the acquisitions of Paul,
 IDT, and Sightiva to name just a few.
 Here is no question that Reiner is the right person to lead us into the future.
 with the support of our senior leadership team
 our board.
 I'm confident that Reiner is well prepared to execute our strategic priorities and continue
 creating significant value for our shareholders.
 So what's next for me?
 Well, first off, that question is one for several months from now.
 But I'm looking forward to spending more time with my family, and I'll continue to serve
 on the boards of MedStar Health and the College of the Holy Cross.
 I'll remain in the CEO role through September 1st of this year, and I'll be around into
 to 2021 in an advisory role.
 But for now,
 and as soon as we finish this call,
 we will be right back to work
 because we have a lot to do in the coming months.
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Matt
 so we can start taking your questions.
 Thanks, Tom.
 That concludes our formal comments.
 we're now ready for questions.
 Thank you. Once again, to ask a question, please press star one.
 Your first question comes from the line of Director Bruin with Bank of America.
 Hi, good morning.
 Right there.
 Okay, so a couple of questions, and then I'll congratulate you on the retirement.
 I'm jealous by the way
 So, to start off, can you tell us what you're embedding into the guide in the 2Q for COVID-related
 contributions.
 I mean, you're producing a lot of sepia tests, you know, the serologies ramping.
 I guess, are all those tests going to be used,
 are they all spoken for?
 And this is curious in terms of what you think about utilization and what's embedded into
 the guide. Thanks.
 Sure. Okay, thanks. Thanks, Derek. Happy to walk you through that a bit. So, let's go
 go right to the COVID impact in Q2.
 And I would think about it as largely a tailwind that probably
 represents, you know, 500 basis points of improvement or growth that's associated
 predominantly with Cepheid, Radiometer, and IDT.
 And in terms of the related question about what's spoken for, you know,
 We're flat out at Cepheid.
 We are, we are continuing to expand our capacity, but every test that we produce every single
 day gets shipped and the demand is continuing to build.
 Radiometer, also running flat out, not quite the need for expanded capacity.
 We had the surge capacity we needed there, but they're doing exceptionally well and
 IDT holding its own as well.
 So, I think overall you'd consider Cepheid Radiometer and IDT certainly contributors
 on the positive side.
 What that really means is that the rest of the portfolio is potentially down anywhere
 from 5% to 15% and those heavier headwinds are going to come in businesses like Beckman
 diagnostics like the biosystems a bit that are more patient volume dependent
 and we'll have to see whether that patient volume,
 you know, coming from loosening up of elective procedures starts to return, but certainly
 The greater bit of headwind is in the equipment oriented business like LMS and PsyX and a
 bit of PID, no doubt. So, now putting all that together, you then partially
 offset that with probably a bit of positive from Paul and Saitiba that are showing positive
 It's not positive growth.
 It's not exclusively COVID-related.
 but certainly related to the future developments around
 therapies and vaccines.
 So I think that's the way I'd sort of generally frame up the pluses and the minuses around
 on the COVID impact in Q2.
 Okay, and that's Matt.
 Hey, Derek, it's Matt.
 I just want to make sure, also, you kind of,
 We mentioned serology.
 We are not assuming anything here in the quarter
 for serology, even though we're ramping up with backmen,
 We're going to have some capacity here.
 our view is that it's just a little too early
 to really kind of tell, you know, what the volumes might look like, what a national testing
 program or any other kind of local testing programs might look like. So that COVID tailwind
 It does not include serology, just to be clear.
 Oh, great, that's really helpful.
 And I guess just one question on site Eva, in general,
 Did you see any stocking in the first quarter?
 And I'm just curious, what are you
 consuming for organic revenue growth in the CITIVA standalone business for the
 second quarter.
 Um, dear, we saw, you know, very little, it's always hard to tell when it's, you know,
 on the margins as to whether or not there was stocking going on there.
 you know generally we don't don't think it was particularly material but I tell
 Citevo is off to a great start. As I mentioned, 10% core growth in the first quarter, really
 strong momentum in the core bioprocessing business and that's really driven by folks
 working on solutions to COVID-19.
 But you know, as we look forward, I think we have really, as you can imagine,
 imagine skin we just closed the the the end of March the 1st of April we're
 We're just getting in there to really understand what that funnel looks like and there's plenty
 uncertainties about how much that volume will build over time depending on the
 the progression of therapies and vaccines.
 So I think we've got an outstanding start here.
 But, you know, in terms of where we are
 from a guide perspective on CITIVA.
 We're still trying to size up what that backlog
 is starting to look like.
 Obviously, we haven't even gotten face-to-face with the team yet from an operating review
 standpoint given the limitations we have here on travel.
 So, right now, we're gonna focus on,
 obviously a good deal of rebranding work that we need to do.
 We're going to stand it up as a standalone operating company.
 execute on the TSA and exit those TSA work streams and costs, and make sure that we're
 embedding DBS into the business and working on opportunities to continue to improve its
 performance so we'll come we'll come back to you and give you a better sense of what
 what Citeva looks like in the bounds of the year.
 Once we get a little bit more stability here in terms of how the bookings trends look,
 And we round the corner here coming into the second half of the year.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, dear.
 Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan.
 Good morning, Tycho.
 Thanks.
 Good morning.
 I'll start with the congrats on the transition.
 But I think it might be helpful to hear from you why now is the right time.
 I know you plan these things out well in advance,
 But I think people were caught a little bit off guard
 in the middle of a pandemic after closing your largest deal.
 So could you maybe just talk a little bit about, you know,
 how long this transition had been planned
 and why now is the right time?
 Sure, absolutely Tycho, I'd be happy to.
 You know, I can honestly say that you would have to go all the way back to my very first
 year in the role where we, along with the board, made sure that we talked about talent
 development, about ensuring that we are progressing in various ways through our
 leadership ranks to get to the point where we are today and had an outstanding choice
 and Reiner Blair to succeed me.
 So, this has very much been the culmination of a succession planning process that really
 has gone on over the last five or six years.
 years. We always wanted to do something like this when we're in a position of
 strength and I think the combination of where we are with the portfolio and our
 performance where we are around driving innovation and growth and the strength of our team and
 talent really is what I think makes us very comfortable that this is certainly a good
 time to turn the reins over.
 It was super important that we got SITIVA closed and that we gave ourselves time to
 to ensure that the transition here of the role allows
 for both Reiner and I to contribute to ensuring that CITIVA comes into the
 the organization smoothly.
 So, I think it's really a combination of all those things.
 You know, I think the Dan and her board was incredibly supportive and constructive around
 this all along. I am really excited about about Reiner and the talent and the
 capabilities that he brings to this role and he's just going to do a fantastic job.
 So, we all feel great about it.
 Okay, thanks.
 And then, for the follow-up, just a question on some of the longer-term COVID-related tailwinds.
 you know, for Seth, they're presumably going to be less rule-in, rule-out, you know, flu-testing,
 that tied to COVID going forward.
 So I'm curious how you think about that
 and then how you think about durability of that test
 once there is a vaccine on the market.
 For Beck, I'm curious if you can put anything around pricing for serology, and then lastly
 for Citeva and Paul, just curious how meaningful you think vaccine and therapy development
 it could be for those businesses on a multi-year basis.
 Thanks.
 Sure. Thanks, Tycho.
 You know, there's we've got a lot going on as it as it relates to the future
 impacts of COVID. And I think in many respects, we're pretty uniquely positioned, both on
 in a short term and a long term.
 I think if you start with,
 from a diagnostic testing perspective.
 Sepia's impact along with IVT,
 radiometer in terms of treatment on the front line as well as Beckman and
 and serology and IgG testing.
 I mean, that's a pretty unique combination of capabilities.
 Now you asked about the durability of the sephia test.
 I think, you know, as you know well, we are one of the world leaders in flu testing.
 And I think as we see the future here, you're going to look, clinicians are going to be
 looking for the opportunity in doing flu testing to also be doing COVID-19 testing.
 And I think the ability to run those tests on the same platform
 in the same cartridge, obviously,
 the same cartridge configuration is a real advantage
 than a real opportunity we have for Cepheid.
 Of course, it's this surge in demand now.
 is happening, we're seeing that not only in terms of the test
 cartridges themselves, but it's driving a significant increase in our install base,
 And so is that installed.
 They
 has grown.
 We're also going to see that install-based driving, not only COVID-19 testing, but continuing
 to support expanded flu testing and market share gains
 for Cepheid over time.
 And, obviously, there's a broader suite of tests that run on the Cepheid architecture,
 So that's going to benefit as well.
 So we think there's exceptional durability
 to the Cepheid architecture in an environment
 even in one where we have, and God willing, we will have,
 both therapies as well as vaccines.
 In terms of your question about Beckman and serology,
 You know, I think the way we see serology evolving over time is it's going to be primarily
 driven obviously with a blood draw and you're going to see the serology test, the IgG test
 integrated into more routine testing and therefore the cost per test is going to be quite reasonable
 And it's going to be in line with other immunoassay tests.
 And so, while we talk about the capacity to have 30 million tests, as I think Matt said
 earlier wouldn't build that into any models, but I think it's representative of the fact
 that serology testing, that IgG test,
 is going to become more of a standard in basic testing
 when it comes to immunoassay.
 So I think a lot of terrific potential there, particularly as it relates to advances in
 in public health and population testing
 and some of the work that's being done
 by public health authorities to look for hotspots over time.
 In terms of your question about Cytiva and work around therapies and vaccines, I'd say
 They both, Paul and Saitiva, are uniquely positioned to provide pretty critical inputs, meaning
 filtration and resins to both vaccine and therapeutic candidates.
 Right now, we would estimate that they're greater than 150 therapeutic and vaccine
 candidates today, and Paul and Siteva are working with a majority of those in some capacity.
 So obviously there'll be winners and losers, but we think we have a number of exceptional positions there
 there with folks that are likely going to be part of the future therapy and or vaccine
 answers. So I think good spot to be in.
 Great, I appreciate it and congrats again on your retirement.
 Thanks, Tycho.
 Your next question comes from the line of VJ Kumar with Ebrochor ISI.
 Hi.
 Morning, BJ.
 Good morning, guys, and congrats on a well-earned breath.
 I think, you know, maybe starting with the leadership question here, Tom, you mentioned
 Rainer, he's known to the street, but perhaps not everyone knows him well, and you did mention
 that he was the right person.
 Maybe contrast your leadership style with that,
 brainer's leadership style.
 What does Rainer bring here and what should the investors look forward to under this transition?
 Sure. Well, I'd start, B.J., with the fact that Ryan and I have worked together closely
 Um, for virtually all of his, his 10 years, um, you know, I don't know if everybody
 He knows that when Reiner was first hired at Danaher, he came in initially as the President
 video jet and I'm not sure Reiner and his wife Elena had actually unpacked their
 bags when we were looking to succeed me at SCIACs after the SCIACs acquisition.
 I was headed off to Beckman and we had this outstanding leader who had just come into
 video jet and a real need at CyAX and Reiner repacked and moved to Boston and led CyAX
 for a number of years and just did an exceptional job and he and I have worked
 together literally every day since then through the the the work at SCIAC through
 the acquisitions of Paul and IDT, obviously, throughout the tremendous work that you've
 he did identifying the opportunity that has become CITIVA, our largest acquisition ever.
 And so, you know, when you work together for as long as we have, I guess they're do tend
 to
 to be quite a number of similarities about the two of us, but, you know, VGA, you're
 We're going to have plenty of time to ask Reiner that question and he'll probably have
 a more thoughtful contrast between the two of us than I will.
 But he's an outstanding individual.
 He is super smart.
 He is steeped in the domains, not only in life science, but across Dan and her.
 He's unbelievably well respected across Danahar as a DBS leader, a great teacher, a DBS practitioner
 and somebody who lives and breathes the Dan at her core values and our shared purpose of
 of helping realize life's potential every single day.
 You know, his track record relative to M&A,
 and his bias towards driving innovation
 by being willing to place bats,
 both early stage bats, as well as more mature bats
 to drive innovation is unparalleled.
 So, you know, I hope and believe that you'll probably see a lot of similarities between
 the two of us in terms of what we value, but you know, Reiner will put his own mark on
 Danahur and I am supremely confident that that mark on Danahur is going to be an outstanding
 one and an indelible one.
 That's helpful, that perspective, Tom.
 Just maybe one housekeeping question for perhaps from Matt.
 Matt, I think, you know, the press release had a couple of hundred basis points that
 con...
 contribution from CITIWA.
 That perhaps implies double digits, maybe even a low teens growth in the business, I just
 I just want to make sure with the business doing 10%, I think, in that Q1, you know,
 continuing double-digits in 2Q, is that just the business growth as usual or was there
 any contribution perhaps from in a COVID-related business and then perhaps also dress up in
 in a detrimental margin here for 2Q.
 Thanks, guys.
 Sure.
 So from such even perspectives, I mean, I think, you know, it grew 10% there in Q1.
 I think that's probably a reasonable place for the business to be here in the second
 quarter as well, so I think your math on that is pretty correct. As far as decremental
 margins go. I think the place that I'd start is probably about 40% decrementals. It can
 very, you know, quite a bit depending on mix, et cetera, but I think starting with 40 is
 It's a good place to start.
 I will tell you that probably in Q2 in diagnostics though,
 You probably need to be more like 50% or 60% decrementals, and that's all related to
 to FX. So that delta will be because of FX here in the quarter. So 40 overall, maybe
 to touch higher here in Q2 in diagnostics.
 Thanks, guys.
 Thanks, VJ.
 We have reached the allotted time for questions.
 Your last question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Milius Research.
 Good morning, guys, and congrats, Tom.
 Thanks, Scott. Good morning.
 It's been a great six years. We I'm a little surprised you're you're going but I don't blame you. It's
 It's, retirement sounds pretty interesting right now.
 It was not informed by the current economic uncertainties, it was very much part of the
 land.
 Yeah, sure. Sure, I believe that.
 Anyway, so I wish you the best. I know we'll see you before you go.
 Thank you.
 Anyways, thank you, and a great run.
 Thank you.
 Just switching to business, what are the challenges of integrating Citeva here in this kind of new world?
 Can you really teach DBS and do Kaizen's and all that stuff and, you know, on a Zoom
 video.
 Yeah, thanks for the question, Scott.
 Uh, yes, is the answer to that.
 Why do I why would that be the case given how important being it, you know, you know, we use that term being at Gemba being in the real place
 you know how important we we talked about that being well we actually kicked
 kicked off DBS training, what we call ECO, Executive Champion Orientation, we kicked
 Thank you, Dad.
 virtually using Microsoft Teams just two weeks ago.
 I kicked it off.
 it off. Reiner was on the call. John Sikowski, who you know from our DBS office, led the
 effort we probably touch we got more people through that ECO over that day
 day and a half, I forget the full duration, because of actually being able to use a virtual
 tool and so a digital tool and so the answer is we're working, we're doing our best, we're
 We're off to a good start.
 We've got to get creative.
 We've got to invent new ways to get things done.
 Interestingly, our existing businesses outside of CITIVA are, in fact, doing multi-day Kaizen's
 using virtual tools, using Zoom, using Microsoft Teams,
 And it's not the same.
 It's different.
 We wouldn't use that as a standard going forward.
 We absolutely value being face-to-face,
 But, you know, we've challenged our teams to get creative
 and continue to drive continuous improvement even in this environment.
 Okay, that's encouraging.
 Just switching gears, I know there have been a lot of questions around
 and sephia didn't, back then there should be,
 But if you go down to environmental and applied solutions,
 you've got some interesting businesses
 the different cyclicalities and such.
 Is there kind of a range of outcomes in 2Q that we can start to think about for those
 businesses, and I know you've made some encouraging, excuse me, comments on video chat, and actually
 just water, too. But on an overall basis, at least, Tom, is there any color you can give
 Yeah.
 That's all I've got.
 These are fantastic businesses, even in a challenging economic environment.
 I mean, you know, Hox leadership position in water quality analytics, you know, four
 to 5x it's nearest competitor.
 Joe Jett, you know, a leader from a shared perspective as well, both obviously heavily
 skewed towards their balance of sales skewed towards consumables, north of 70-75% in those
 business as being aftermarket consumables and service, when water quality testing has
 have to be done every single day in municipalities around the world when
 consumer package goods have to be marked and shipped every single day around the world.
 Those consumables continue to underpin, you know, reasonably steady performance.
 I mean, they are a safety net under the,
 under the revenue structures of those businesses.
 While there'd be some other dimensions, like the equipment side in water quality, for example,
 or even in PID and some of the software businesses
 that'll be a little bit more pressured here.
 You know, I think those are still really solid businesses,
 even in these challenging times.
 So I wouldn't trade those businesses for any in their markets.
 I should ask it differently, I guess.
 Will this segment be down more than your corporate average?
 Tom?
 Yes?
 Yeah, I think they would be down a bit more, only because they're not buoyed by the terrific
 performance that we continue to see at Cepheid and IDT, as well as radiometer, and even with
 you know, what we think is going to be pretty solid performance at Citeva and Paul.
 So yes, I think these businesses would be
 at the lower end of the core growth, you know,
 component, you could potentially see the segment, EAS, down potentially mid to high
 teens inside of the guide.
 Okay, perfect. Thank you, and congrats again, Tom.
 That's the light, Scott. Good to hear from you today.
 Okay.
 Crystal, that concludes our questions.
 Did you want to give any final remarks?
 Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today.
 We're around all day for questions.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 you may now disconnect.