 My name is Christelle, and I will be your conference facilitator this morning.
 At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Danaher Corporation's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
 All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.
 After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question during this time, please press star 1 on your touch
 on phone.
 If you would like to withdraw your question, please press the pound key on your telephone keypad.
 I will now turn the call over to Mr. Matt Gagino, Vice President of Investor Relations.
 Mr. Gugino, please go ahead.
 Thanks, Christelle.
 Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call.
 With us today are Tom Joyce, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Matt McGrew, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 I'd like to point out that our earnings release, the slide presentation supplementing today's call,
 our first quarter 2020
 Form 10Q and the reconciliations
 and other information required by SEC Regulation G
 relating to any non-cap financial measures provided during the call
 are all available on the investor section of our website, www.danaher.com,
 under the heading Quarterly Earnings.
 The audio portion of this call will be archived on the Investors section of our website later today
 under the heading events and presentations
 and will remain archived
 until our next quarterly call.
 A replay of this call will also be available until May 21, 2020.
 During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that
 impacted year-over-year performance.
 The supplemental materials describe additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance.
 Unless otherwise noted, all references in these remarks
 and supplemental materials to company-specific financial metrics refer to results from continuing
 operations that relate to the first quarter of 2020.
 and all references to period-to-period increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year.
 We may also describe certain products and devices which have applications submitted
 and pending for certain regulatory approvals
 or are available only in certain markets.
 During the call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal
 securities laws, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or
 anticipate will or may occur in the future.
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
 including those set forth in our SEC filings, and actual results might differ materially
 from any forward-looking statements that we make today.
 These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date that they are made, and we
 do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required
 by law.
 As a result of the size of the Citeva acquisition and its impact on Danner's overall core revenue growth profile,
 starting with the second quarter of 2020, we intend to present core revenue growth on a basis
 that include Cytiva as if the business had been owned for the current period
 and a comparable prior year period.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
 Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone.
 I'd like to start off today by recognizing our associates around the world for their
 dedication and invaluable
 contributions during this unprecedented
 time.
 Their response to the COVID-19 pandemic has been humbling and inspiring.
 They're working tirelessly to ensure our facilities are up and running
 so that we can continue to provide customers with the tools necessary to carry out their essential work.
 Our suppliers have also been incredibly supportive
 as this crisis has unfolded.
 Every one of our associates, customers, and business partners is making a difference today.
 and I'm incredibly grateful for their collective efforts.
 Given how top of mind the impact of the virus is, we thought we would structure the call
 a little differently this quarter.
 Before we run through our first quarter results, I'll highlight a number of our innovative
 solutions that are part
 of the direct response helping to fight COVID-19.
 I'll provide a recap of the trends we saw across our end markets through the month of April.
 And I'll wrap up with a few words on our announcement about the upcoming CEO transition.
 At Danaher, we are incredibly fortunate to navigate these turbulent times from a position
 of strength with a resilient
 portfolio of businesses
 an extremely talented team
 and the Danaher business system as our driving force.
 These recent events have certainly presented a number of unforeseen challenges across our
 businesses, but they've also created opportunities for us to support our customers and the global
 community in the unprecedented fight
 against COVID-19.
 We're proud to support frontline health care providers with much-needed diagnostic testing
 capabilities today, and to support the pursuit of new treatments and vaccines for the future.
 As we collectively strive to contain this novel virus, diagnostic testing provides essential
 information to help us better understand
 and ultimately curb the spread of COVID-19.
 IDT was an early leader in this effort
 as their primer and probe kits provide a key detection component in COVID-19 diagnostic tests.
 To date, IDT has shipped kits to enable more than 30 million diagnostic tests for the virus.
 In March, Cepheid launched the first rapid molecular test related to COVID-19 that provides
 highly accurate results within 45 minutes.
 With a leading global installed base of more than 23,000
 molecular diagnostic instruments, including 5,000 in the U.S.
 Cepheid's tests are being deployed on the front lines to test patients and protect health
 care workers.
 Since Cepheid's test became available, the team has shipped approximately two million
 test cartridges. And going forward, we now expect
 to be able to ship approximately 6 million tests per quarter,
 greatly exceeding our initial expectations.
 expectations.
 Recently published independent studies indicate that Cepheid's test performance is best in
 class versus other point-of-care platforms on the market today, providing superior virus
 detection with one of the fastest time to results.
 The market-leading caliber of Cepheid's test
 combined with their significant production ramp-up
 is a testament to this innovative team's commitment
 to tackle this global health crisis head on.
 at Beckman-Coulter
 diagnostics, the team
 announced that it is developing
 assays to identify antibodies
 to the virus. We expect
 these antibody assays
 will play a critical role in understanding immunity
 and in turn, improving the world's ability to manage COVID-19 going forward.
 Beckman will be launching one of these assays shortly.
 a high-sensitivity automated IgG serology test.
 The team plans to ramp production capability
 to more than 2 million tests in May
 and over 30 million tests per month by the end of June.
 This assay will be able to run on Beckman's global install base of more than 16,000 immunoassay
 data analyzers.
 As we look ahead toward potential new therapeutics and vaccines for COVID-19, Paul and Cytiva
 are supporting biotech researchers and manufacturers around the world who are working tirelessly
 to find a cure.
 Paul's filtration solutions
 are designed into the bioproduction process
 of multiple leading vaccine candidates.
 And Cytiva is supporting numerous vaccine programs
 and development, providing specific prototype affinity
 and development.
 resins, and helping them prepare to scale up production volumes.
 These are just a few examples of how we're helping to accelerate our customers' important
 pursuit of COVID-19
 testing, treatment, prevention, and ultimately a cure.
 Speaking of
 At Syctiva, I want to take this opportunity to officially welcome the team to Danaher.
 We're thrilled to have them on board.
 with the addition of
 Cytiva, we've doubled our annual revenue in the highly
 attractive biopharmaceutical end market to more than $5 billion, which represents approximately
 50% of our life science platform's annual revenue.
 With a more comprehensive offering across the entire bioproduction workflow, we're better
 able to support our customers who are working to deliver more life-saving drugs faster and
 at a lower cost, an important endeavor that's certainly accentuated by today's global health
 crisis.
 Cytiva is off to a great start here in 2020 and achieved approximately 10% revenue growth in its first quarter.
 Given the significance of the acquisition to our operating results,
 We will include Cytiva's performance as part of our overall core growth revenue metric
 beginning in the second quarter.
 so now let's take a look at our first quarter results
 Sales grew 3% to $4.3 billion, driven by 4.5% core revenue growth.
 The impact of foreign currency translation decreased revenues by one and a half percent.
 Geographically, high single-digit revenue growth in the developed markets was partially
 offset by high single-digit declines in high-growth markets.
 Revenue in China was down more than 25%.
 as a result of extensive shutdowns related to COVID-19.
 While January and February were solid across North America and Western Europe, we saw a
 downturn in demand toward the end of the quarter when the pandemic became more
 severe across these regions.
 The gross profit margin for the first quarter was 56.2%, and the operating profit margin
 was 16.1%. Adjusted diluted net earnings per common share
 were one dollar and five cents.
 We generated $694 million of free cash flow, a 21% increase year-over-year, helping to
 support our strong financial position.
 Now we'll take a more detailed look at the results across the portfolio.
 Life Science reported revenue increased 1.5%, with core revenue growth of 2.5%, led by high single-digit or better core revenue growth at Paul, IDT, and Beckman Life Sciences.
 The global effort to develop COVID-19-related testing and treatment drove demand for our
 bioprocessing, genomic, and automation solutions.
 That strong performance was partially offset by declines in our more instrument-oriented
 businesses like Microsystems and SIACs, which were negatively impacted by deferrals of large
 capital equipment purchases.
 This dynamic was particularly acute in academic research, as most of these labs around the world remained closed due to COVID-19-related shutdowns.
 Moving to diagnostics, reported revenue was up 6%,
 with 8% core revenue growth, led by very strong results at our point-of-care businesses, Cepheid and Radiometer.
 Cefi had achieved more than 40% core revenue growth with broad-based strength across all
 major product lines and geographies.
 Another strength in Cepheid's flu assay was driven by the combination of a more severe
 flu season and increased testing during the coronavirus outbreak.
 We also saw early strong demand for Cepheid's COVID-19 test, which received US FDA emergency
 use authorization at the end of March.
 Our radiometer business achieved high teens core revenue growth, surges in hospitalized
 patients being treated for COVID-19
 drove demand for radiometers,
 blood gas instruments and tests.
 a key parameter to monitor in critically ill patients.
 with the largest global installed base
 of blood gas instruments,
 Radiometer is well positioned to support clinicians and patients through this unprecedented health
 care challenge and beyond.
 Beckman-Coulter Diagnostics Core Revenue decreased mid-single digits.
 Solid performance in North America and Western Europe was offset by significant declines
 in China as a result of the extensive shutdowns initiated in January.
 These containment measures resulted in very few patients going to hospitals for treatments
 or procedures that were not related to COVID-19, which greatly reduced core laboratory testing
 volumes. Moving to our environmental
 and applied solutions segment.
 Reported revenue increased 1%, with 2.5% core revenue growth.
 In our water quality platform, mid-single-digit core revenue growth was led by double-digit
 core revenue growth at Chemtree.
 Our water businesses provide essential products and solutions used to test and treat water
 around the world. A mission
 critical service in any economic environment.
 Good demand for our consumables and chemistries continued
 while equipment sales declined toward the end of the quarter
 as the broader macro uncertainty prompted many customers
 and municipalities to postpone larger expenditures.
 Core revenue at our product identification platform was down low single digits with growth
 with growth in marking and coding offset by declines in our packaging solutions businesses.
 At VideoJet, equipment sales were down, but we saw strong demand for consumables across consumer
 customers.
 Packaged goods, medical, and food and beverage end markets
 as widespread shelter-in-place orders
 drove a surge in consumer purchases.
 So the first quarter was challenging on many fronts.
 but we believe that the combination of our outstanding team's DBS-driven execution
 and differentiated portfolio
 out.
 able Danaher to outperform on a relative basis.
 Moving on to what we saw in April, the trends across our end markets through the month were
 largely a continuation of the dynamics that began to take hold during the last few weeks
 of March.
 We continue to see a bifurcation across our life science and markets.
 COVID-19-related research and development increased significantly over the last 60 days.
 among our pharmaceutical and biotech customers,
 particularly in areas like antiviral therapies, vaccine development, and immune response research
 and testing.
 In turn, this generated strong demand for our bioprocessing, genomic, and automation solutions.
 Good momentum also continued for other non-COVID-19 related bioprocessing, driving demand for
 filtration, chromatography, single use, and cell and gene therapy products.
 most academic research labs
 in the U.S. and Europe remained closed, and labs in China
 have only recently started to reopen.
 These closures have resulted in significant installation delays for existing instrument
 orders, and it appears that customers are holding off on new capital purchases until
 the labs reopen and they fully return to work.
 Across clinical diagnostics
 we continued to see very strong demand through April
 for molecular point of care and acute care testing,
 which is also driving increased instrument placements globally.
 This contrasted with lower activity in hospital labs and reference labs, where the significant
 declines in elective procedures
 emergency department visits, and wellness checks continue to negatively impact testing
 volumes.
 We also saw delayed orders and deferred new spending on larger capital equipment in these
 labs.
 In the applied markets, the divergence of demand between consumables and equipment persisted
 through April.
 remain solid as customers
 sustained essential business operations
 like testing and treating water
 and safely packaging consumer product goods and medicine.
 but equipment purchases are being delayed as mission-critical operating expenses are
 prioritized over larger capital investments.
 The cadence of these end market dynamics appears to be consistent with the spread of the virus,
 the negative impact in North America and Western Europe, trailing that of China.
 China gradually improved in April as lockdowns were lifted and businesses started to reopen,
 and revenue growth was slightly better than initial expectations heading into the quarter.
 In North America and Western Europe, we believe that declines are beginning to stabilize
 and expect modest sequential improvements over the next few months
 as these regions begin to gradually reopen.
 In light of these recent trends, we expect second quarter core revenue growth, including
 sativa to be in the range
 of flat to down 10%.
 So to wrap up, as I reflect on the events of the last few months,
 I am humbled by our team's dedication and innovative response to this unprecedented crisis.
 True to our core values, our associates are listening to our customers
 and innovating to help address their toughest challenges.
 Never before have these challenges been more collectively urgent and abundant, and I'm
 so proud of how our associates have risen
 to the occasion.
 Looking ahead, we feel very well positioned to navigate through this uncertain environment.
 We believe that the combination of our outstanding portfolio
 exceptional team
 and DBS-driven execution will continue to differentiate Danaher in 2020 and beyond.
 Now, before we go to Q&A, I want to address the press release that went out last night
 regarding our upcoming CEO transition.
 After more than 30 years at Danaher,
 including the last six
 as CEO
 I've decided to begin the transition to retirement.
 I do this knowing that Danaher has never been stronger.
 the combination of our portfolio
 job.
 enhanced execution around innovation, and our seasoned leadership team driven by the
 team.
 her business system create a strong foundation for continued outperformance.
 I have loved every day
 of the past three decades
 And throughout my entire day in her career, I've been privileged to be part of an incredible team.
 I've always considered the primary responsibilities of my current role
 to be focused on deploying capital efficiency
 enhancing the portfolio,
 driving innovation
 and developing town.
 And I can now look back fondly on the tremendous progress we've made on all these fronts.
 I plan to see the corporation through the challenges of the next few months, and I'm
 confident that our portfolio and the team are both in a fantastic position to thrive
 in the years to come.
 Many of you know Reiner Blair well from his days as president of SIACS
 And more recently, is our EVP leading the evolution of our life science platform.
 enhancing the platform's growth and margin profile, while leading the acquisitions of
 PAW, IDT, and
 Cytiva, to name just a few.
 There is no question that Reiner is the right person to lead us into the future.
 With the support of our senior leadership team and our board,
 I'm confident that Reiner is well-prepared to execute our strategic priorities
 and continue creating significant value for our shareholders.
 So what's next for me?
 Well, first off, that question is one for several months from now.
 But I'm looking forward to spending more time with my family, and I'll continue to serve on the boards of MedStar Health and the College of the Holy Cross.
 I'll remain in the CEO role through September 1st of this year, and I'll be around into 2021 in an advisory role.
 But for now, and as soon as we finish this call, we will be right back to work because
 we have a lot to do in the coming months.
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Matt so we can start taking your questions.
 Thanks, Tom.
 That concludes our formal comments.
 Christelle, we're now ready for questions.
 Thank you. Once again, to ask a question, please press star 1.
 Your first question comes from the line of Derek DeBruin with Bank of America.
 Hi, good morning.
 Good morning, Derek.
 Hey, so a couple of questions, and then I'll congratulate you on the retirement.
 I'm jealous, by the way.
 So to start off, can you tell us what you're embedding into the guide in the 2Q for COVID-related
 content?
 contributions.
 you're producing a lot of
 You know, sepia test, you know, the serology is ramping.
 I guess
 Are all those tests going to be used?
 Are they all spoken for?
 I'm just curious in terms of what do you think about utilization
 and sort of what's embedded into the guide.
 Thanks.
 Sure.
 Okay, thanks.
 thanks Derek
 Happy to walk you through that a bit.
 So let's go right to the COVID impact in Q2.
 and I would think about it as
 largely
 a tailwind that probably
 represents
 you know, 500 basis points of
 improvement or growth
 that's associated
 predominantly with Cepheid,
 radiometer and IDT
 And in terms of the related question about what's spoken for, you know, Cepheid, we're flat out at Cepheid.
 We are continuing to expand our capacity,
 but every test that we produce,
 every single day gets shipped and the demand is continuing to build.
 Radiometer, also running flat out, not quite the need for expanded capacity, we had this
 surge capacity.
 we needed there, but they're doing exceptionally well, and IDT holding its own as well.
 So I think overall you'd consider Cepheid, Radiometer, and IDT certainly contributors
 on the positive side.
 What that really means is that the rest of the portfolio is potentially down anywhere
 from 5% to 15%.
 And those heavier headwinds are going to come in businesses like Beckman Diagnostics, like
 biosystems a bit that are more
 patient volume dependent and we'll have to see whether that patient
 volume, you know, coming from loosening up
 of elective procedures starts to return.
 But certainly the greater bit of headwind is in the equipment-oriented business like LMS and Sci-X and a bit of PID, no doubt.
 together, you then partially offset that with probably a bit of positive from Paul and Cytiba
 that are showing positive growth that's not exclusively COVID-related, but certainly
 related to the future developments around therapies and vaccines.
 So, I think that's the way I'd sort of generally frame up the pluses and the minuses around the COVID impact in Q2.
 And Derek, it's Matt.
 Hey, Derek, it's Matt.
 I just want to make sure also you've kind of, we mentioned serology.
 We are not assuming anything here in the quarter for serology,
 even though we're ramping up with Beckman
 and we're going to have some capacity here,
 our view is that it's just a little too early to really kind of tell
 what the volumes might look like, what a national testing program
 or any other kind of local testing programs might look like.
 So that COVID tailwind does not include serology, just to be clear.
 Oh, great.
 That's really helpful.
 and I guess
 Just one question on Cytiva in general.
 Did you see any stalking in the first quarter?
 and I'm just curious
 what are you assuming for organic revenue growth in the Cytiva standalone
 own business for the second quarter.
 Um,
 Derek, we saw, you know, very little.
 It's always hard to tell when it's, you know, on the margins as to whether or not there was stocking going on there.
 you know generally we don't
 I don't think it was particularly material, but I tell you,
 Cytivo is off to a great start.
 As I mentioned, 10% core growth in the first quarter, really strong momentum in the core
 bioprocessing business, and that's really driven by folks working on solutions to COVID-19.
 but you know
 as we look forward I think
 We have really, as you can imagine,
 and we just closed the end of March, the 1st of April.
 So we're just getting in there to really understand what that funnel looks like.
 And, you know, there's plenty of uncertainties about how much that volume will build over time,
 depending on the progression of therapies and vaccines.
 So I think we've got an outstanding start here, but in terms of where we are from a
 guide perspective on Cytiva, we're still trying to size up what that backlog is starting to
 look like.
 obviously we haven't even gotten face to face
 with the team yet from an operating review standpoint
 given the limitations we have here on travel.
 Right now, we're going to focus on, obviously, a good deal of rebranding work that we need
 to do.
 We're going to stand it up as a standalone operating company, execute on the TSA, and
 exit those TSA work streams and costs, and make sure that we're embedding DBS into the
 business and working on opportunities to continue to improve its performance so
 We'll come back to you and give you a better sense of what Cytiva looks like in the balance
 of the year. Once we get a little
 bit more stability here in terms of
 how the bookings trends look
 and we round the corner here coming into the second half of the year.
 Great. Thank you.
 Thanks, Derek.
 your next
 The next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan.
 Morning, Tycho.
 Thanks.
 Good morning. Tom, I'll start with congrats on the transition.
 I think it might be helpful to hear from you why now is the right time.
 I know you, you plan these things out well in advance, but you know,
 I think people were caught a little bit off guard in the middle of a pandemic
 after closing your largest deal.
 So, could you maybe just talk a little bit about, you know, how long this transition
 have been planned and why now is the right time?
 Sure, absolutely, Tycho. I'd be happy to.
 you know I can honestly say
 that you would have to go
 all the way back to my very first year in the role
 where we, along with the board,
 made sure that we
 talked about talent
 development about ensuring that we are progressing in various ways through our leadership ranks
 to get to the point where we are today
 and had an outstanding choice in Rainer Blair to succeed me.
 So this has very much been the culmination of a succession planning process that really
 has gone on over the last five or six years.
 We always want to do something like this when we're in a position of strength.
 And I think the combination of where we are with the portfolio and our performance, where we are around driving innovation and growth and the strength of our team and talent really is what I think makes us very comfortable that this is certainly a good time to turn the reins over.
 it was super important that we got Cytiba closed
 and that we gave ourselves time
 to ensure that the transition
 year
 of the role
 allows for both Reiner and I
 to contribute to
 ensuring that Cytiva comes into the organization
 smoothly.
 So I think it's really a combination of all those things.
 You know, I think the Danaher board was incredibly supportive
 and constructive around this all along.
 I am really excited about Reiner and the talent and the capabilities that he brings to this role.
 and he's just going to do a fantastic job.
 job.
 So we all feel great about it.
 Okay, thanks.
 And then for the follow-up, just a question on some of the longer-term COVID
 related tailwinds, you know, for
 there would presumably be less rule-in, rule-out, you know, flu
 testing tied to COVID going forward.
 So I'm curious how you think about that.
 and then how you think about durability of that test
 once there is a vaccine on the market.
 for Beckman.
 curious if you can put anything around pricing for serology and then lastly
 for Cytiva and Paul.
 Just curious how meaningful you think vaccine and therapy development could be for those businesses, you know, on a multi-year basis.
 Thanks.
 Sure. Thanks, Tycho.
 you know there's
 We've got a lot going on as it relates to the future impacts of COVID.
 And I think in many respects, we're pretty uniquely positioned, both on the short term and the long term.
 I think if you start with, from a diagnostic testing perspective,
 um,
 Cepheid's impact along with IDT, radiometer in terms of treatment on the front line,
 as well as Beckman and serology and IgG testing.
 I think that's a pretty unique combination of capabilities.
 Now, you asked about the durability of the Cepheid test.
 I think, as you know well, we are one of the world leaders in flu testing.
 I think as we see the future here, clinicians are going to be looking for the opportunity
 in doing flu testing to also be doing COVID-19 testing.
 And I think the ability to run those tests on the same platform and the same cartridge
 with the same cartridge configuration
 is a real advantage and a real opportunity we have for Cepheid.
 Of course, as this surge in demand now is happening,
 We're seeing that not only in terms of the test cartridges themselves, but it's driving a significant increase in our install base.
 And so as that installed base has grown, you're also going to see that installed base driving not only COVID-19 testing, but continuing to support expanded flu testing and market share gains for Cepheid over time.
 And obviously, there's a broader suite of tests that run on the Cepheid architecture,
 and so that's going to benefit as well.
 So we think there's exceptional durability to the Cepheid architecture in an environment,
 even in one where we have, and God willing, we will have, both therapies as well as vaccines.
 in terms of your question
 about Beckman and serology, you know, I think the way we see serology evolving over time
 is
 you're
 it's going to be primarily driven obviously with a blood draw and you're
 going to see the serology test, the IgG test, integrated into more routine testing, and
 Therefore, the cost per test is going to be quite reasonable and it's going to be in line
 with other immunoassay tests.
 And so while we talk about the capacity to have 30 million tests, as I think Matt said
 earlier. I wouldn't build that into any
 models, but I think it's
 representative of the fact that serology testing, that IgG test, is going to become more of
 standard in basic testing when it comes to immunoassay.
 So I think a lot of terrific potential there, particularly as it relates to advances in public health and population testing
 and some of the work that's being done by public health authorities
 to look for hotspots over time.
 In terms of your question about Cytiva and work around therapies and vaccines, I'd say
 both Paul and Sativa
 are uniquely positioned to provide, you know,
 pretty critical inputs, meaning filtration and resins, to both vaccine and therapeutic
 candidates.
 right now
 We would estimate that there are greater than 150 therapeutic and vaccine candidates today.
 And Paul and Cytiva are working with a majority of those in some capacity.
 and so obviously
 they'll be
 winners and losers, but we think we have a number of
 exceptional positions there with
 folks that are likely going to be part of the future
 therapy and or
 vaccine answers.
 So I think a good spot to be in.
 Great. I appreciate it, and congrats again on the retirement.
 Thanks, Tucker.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.
 Morning, BJ.
 Good morning, guys.
 and
 com
 congrats on a well-earned rest
 I think maybe starting with the leadership question here, Tom, you know, you mentioned
 Rainer
 not, you know, he's known
 to the street, but perhaps
 not everyone knows him well
 and you did mention that he was the right
 person, maybe contrast
 your leadership style with that, Rainer's leadership style.
 what does Rayner
 bring here
 you know
 and what should
 investors look forward to under this transition?
 Sure.
 Well, I'd start, BJ, with the fact that Reiner and I have worked together closely for virtually
 all of his
 his 10 years.
 you know
 I don't know if everybody knows that when Reiner was first hired at Danaher,
 he came in initially
 as the president of VideoJet
 And I'm not sure Reiner and his wife Elaine had actually unpacked their bags when we were looking to succeed me at SIAX after the SIAX acquisition.
 and I was headed off to Beckman
 and we had this outstanding
 leader, just come into VideoJet
 and a real need at Sci-X.
 and Reiner repacked and moved to Boston and led SIACs for a number of years
 and just did an exceptional job.
 And he and I have worked together literally every day since then, through the work at
 SIAC, through the acquisitions of Paul and IDT, obviously throughout the tremendous work
 that he did identifying the opportunity that has become Cytiva, our largest acquisition
 ever.
 and so
 So, you know, when you've worked together for as long as we have, I guess there do tend to be quite a number of similarities about the two of us.
 But, you know, VJ, you're going to have plenty of time to ask Reiner that question.
 and he'll probably have a more thoughtful contrast between the two of us than I will.
 he's an outstanding individual
 He is super smart.
 He is steeped in the domains, not only in life science, but across Danaher.
 he's unbelievably well respected
 across Danaher as a DBS leader
 a great teacher, a DBS practitioner, and somebody who lives and breathes the Dan of her core values
 and our shared purpose of helping realize life's potential every single day.
 But, you know, his track record,
 relative to M&A and his bias towards driving innovation by being willing to place bets
 both early-stage bets as well as more mature bets to drive innovation is unparalleled.
 So, you know, I hope and believe that you'll probably see a lot of similarities between the two of us
 in terms of what we value.
 but you know
 Reiner will put his own mark on Danaher,
 And I am supremely confident that that mark on Danaher is going to be an outstanding one
 and an indelible one.
 That's helpful, that perspective, Tom.
 just maybe one housekeeping
 I mean, a question perhaps for Matt.
 Matt, I think the press release had a couple of hundred basis points
 that contribution from Cytila,
 that perhaps implies, you know, double digits,
 maybe even low-teens growth in the business.
 I just want to make sure with the business
 doing 10% I think in that Q1
 in a continuing double-digit in 2Q.
 So is that just the business, you know, growth as usual,
 or was there any contribution perhaps in a COVID-related business?
 And then perhaps I'll also address that, you know, detrimental margins here for two of you.
 Thanks, guys.
 Yeah, sure.
 So from a Sattiva perspective, I mean, I think, you know,
 it grew 10% there in Q1.
 And I think that's probably a reasonable place, you know,
 for the business to be here in the second quarter as well.
 So I think your math on that is pretty correct.
 As far as decremental margins go, I think the place that I'd start is probably about 40% decrementals.
 It can vary, you know, quite a bit depending on mix, et cetera.
 but I think starting with 40 is a good place to start.
 I will tell you that probably in Q2 in diagnostics, though,
 probably need to be more like 50 or 60 percent decrementals and that's all related to fx so that
 Delta will be because of FX here in the
 quarter. So 40 overall, maybe a touch higher here in Q2 and in diagnostics.
 Thanks, guys.
 Thanks, Vijay.
 We have reached the allotted time for questions.
 Your last question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Malia's Research.
 Hey, good morning, guys, and congrats, Tom.
 Thanks, Scott.
 Good morning.
 It's been a great six years.
 I'm a little surprised
 you're gone, but I don't blame you.
 Retirement sounds pretty interesting right now.
 It was not informed by the current economic uncertainties.
 It was very much part of the plan.
 Yeah, sure, sure, I believe that.
 Anyways, I wish you the best.
 I know we'll see you before we go.
 But anyways, it's been a great run.
 Thank you.
 Just switching to business, what are the challenges of integrating Cytiva here
 in this kind of new world?
 I mean, can you really teach DBS and do kaizens and all that stuff on a Zoom video?
 Yeah, thanks for the question, Scott.
 yes
 is the
 is the answer to that.
 Why do I, why would that be the case given how important being at, you know,
 you know we use that term being a gemba
 being in the real place, you know how important we talk about that being.
 well we actually
 kicked off DBS training, what we call ECO, Executive Champion Orientation, we kicked
 that off virtually
 using Microsoft Teams
 just two weeks ago.
 I kick the
 I kicked it off.
 Reiner was on the call.
 John Sikowski, who you know from our DBS office, led the effort.
 We probably touched, we got more people through that ECO over that day, day and a half.
 I forget the full duration
 because of actually being able to use a virtual tool.
 and so, a digital tool.
 And so the answer is we're working.
 we're doing our best
 We're off to a good start.
 we've got to get creative.
 we've got to invent new ways
 to get things done.
 Interestingly, our existing businesses outside of Cytiva are, in fact, doing multi-day Kaizens using virtual tools, using Zoom, using Microsoft Teams, and it's not the same.
 it's different.
 we wouldn't use that
 as a standard going forward
 we absolutely
 We value being face-to-face, but, you know, we've challenged our teams to get creative
 and continue to drive continuous improvement even in this environment.
 Okay, that's encouraging.
 Um, just switching gears, I know there have been a lot of questions around Cepheid and
 Beckman's or should be, but, you know,
 So if you go down to environmental and applied solutions, you've got some kind of interesting
 businesses of different cyclicalities and such.
 Is there kind of a range of outcomes in 2Q that, you know, we can start to think about
 for those businesses.
 I know you made some encouraging.
 comments on video chat, and actually just water, too.
 But on an overall basis, at least, Tom, is there some color you can give that?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 got, these are
 fantastic businesses
 even in a challenging
 economic environment.
 I mean, you know, Hawk's leadership position in water quality analytics, you know, 4 to 5x, it's nearest competitor.
 video jet
 a leader from a shared perspective
 as well both
 obviously heavily
 skewed towards
 their balance of sales skewed towards
 consumables, you know, north of 70%, 75% in those businesses being aftermarket consumables
 and service.
 when water quality testing
 has to be done every single day
 in municipalities around the world,
 when consumer packaged goods have to be marked and shipped
 every single day around the world, those consumables continue to underpin, you know, reasonably
 steady performance.
 I mean, they are a safety net under the revenue structures of those businesses.
 And while there'll be some other dimensions,
 the equipment side
 in water quality, for example, or even in PID
 and some of the software businesses
 that will be a little bit more pressured here.
 You know, I think those are still really solid businesses, even in these challenging times.
 So I wouldn't trade those businesses for any in their markets.
 I should have asked it differently, I guess.
 Will this segment be down more than your corporate average, Tom?
 yet
 Well, yeah, I mean, I think they would be down a bit more only because they're not buoyed by the terrific performance that we continue to see at Cepheid and IDT as well as Radiometer.
 and even with what we think is going to be pretty solid performance at Cytiva and Paul.
 So, yes, I think these businesses would be at the lower end of the core growth component.
 You could potentially see the segment, EAS, down potentially mid to high teens inside of the guide.
 Okay, perfect.
 Thank you, and congrats again, Tom.
 Thanks, Scott.
 Good to hear from you today.
 Okay.
 Crystal, that concludes our questions.
 Did you want to give any final remarks?
 Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today.
 We're around all day for questions.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 You may now disconnect.