 Dear all, thank you very much for joining NIDEX Conference Call.
 I am Yoichi Orikasa, General Manager, Kyoto Branch of Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
 As we kick off the conference, I'd like to ask you to make sure all the materials are ready in front of you.
 If not, please download the files on NIDEX's homepage right now.
 Now, please note, this call is being recorded and the conference materials will be posted
 on NIDEC's homepage for the coming week for investors and analysts who are not able to
 join today's call.
 Now, I'd like to introduce today's attendees from NYREC Corporation.
 Mr. Junseki, Representative Director, President, and Chief Executive Officer.
 Hello everyone, this is Sekiz.
 Mr.
 Mr. Hidetoshi Yokota, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 Hello, everyone. This is Hidetoshi Okota.
 First, Mr. Yokota will make a presentation.
 After his presentation, we will move on to a Q&A session, and Mr. Seiki and Mr. Yokota
 will answer your questions.
 Mr. Yokota now presents NIDEX Q3 Fiscal Year 2021 Results, Future Outlook, and Management Strategy.
 Mr. Yokota, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Rikasa-san.
 Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's conference call.
 My name is Hidetoshi Yokota, Chief Financial Officer of NEDEC.
 Today, Mr. Jun Seki, Representative Director,
 President and Chief Executive Officer of NADEC, and myself will be your main speakers and answer your questions.
 Joining us also is Mr. Masahiro Nagayasu, General Manager of NIDEX-IRT.
 For a forward-looking statement, please see slide 2 of our presentation material for details.
 Now, I'm going to leave you the key figures.
 Please see slide 3 for the Fiscal Year 21 nine-month result.
 As shown on slide 4, 9-month net sales stood at record high of $1,407.2 billion, 18.8% higher year-on-year.
 Nine-month operating profit and profit-before-income tax increase 16.6% year-on-year to $134.6 billion, 19.4% year-on-year to $130.6 billion, respectively.
 Both stood at liquid high.
 Q3 quarterly net sales increased by 7.2% quota-on-quota to $496.5 billion, marking a record high for three consecutive quotas.
 Based on these results, we have made an upward revision on year-end dividend focused by 5
 yen, resulting in the projected aggregate annual dividend of 65 yen per share for fiscal
 your tema.
 On Slides 5 and 6, you have a structure showing the net sales and operating profit year-on-year
 and quarter-on-quarter respectively by a product group with exchange late effect elimination and
 structural reform expenses as you can see on slide six all of the segments increase their net sales
 put their own code with leaders to
 operating profit, appliance, commercial, and industrial, or ACI, decline due to increased
 material cost, however,
 it's more
 precision model
 an automotive increase despite this adverse
 back top. Machinery declines as the
 September quarter had a one-off profit increase related to the acquisition
 and electric and optical components and others made an increase.
 Please see slide 10.
 We are aiming to become number one automotive hardware manufacturer by anticipating the
 strong
 electrification demand boosted by case, which means connected, autonomous, and sharing, and electric.
 In the EV traction motor-related business, mass production of e-axle at the joint venture with Stellantis is expected to start in the second half of fiscal year 2022, in addition to those being mass produced in China.
 We are also receiving new orders from Chinese, European, and Japanese OEMs, as well as U.S. EV startups and newcomers.
 from other industries and the turning point of fiscal year 25 gets close.
 In other motors and autoparts, we have prepared and continue to prepare highly competitive product lineups
 in ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance System,
 powertrain, chassis, and body area.
 With those product groups, we are aiming to achieve one trillion yen net sale organically
 and 300 billion yen additional net sales through M&A's in Fiscal Year 25 in the automotive segment.
 Precede slide 11.
 The Chinese battery EV or battery electric vehicle market, the largest in the world, achieved dramatic growth of over 150%, entering into explosive high growth period.
 In calendar year 2021, not only domestic sales in China, but also export from China to overseas countries are progressing quite rapidly and supporting increase of overall shipment.
 with regards to the made-in-China high-end BEV landscape on the right-hand slide of the slide,
 The U.S. company T is expanding sales through exporting their main product models made in the Shanghai factory to Europe.
 and the Chinese company N has announced to export vehicles to over 25 countries and regions by 2025.
 Please see slide 12.
 The total sales volume of the 10 EV models using our e-axels has exceeded around 265
 certain units on accumulative
 basis
 as of the end of last December
 and the sales volume in calendar year 2021 doubled compared to the previous year.
 The monthly project action is exceeding 20,000 units from last November.
 Please see slide 13.
 We are going to invest around $300 billion to enable vertical startups to prepare for the EV turning point of Fiscal Year 25.
 In addition to the six factories that are up and running or being built, we are planning
 a more global production site,
 and we are going to prepare double the production capacity of expected sales volume in fiscal year 25.
 This is slide 14.
 The profitability of Q3, Fiscal Year 2021, formed a bottom as a result of lost sales due to cheap shortage and high low material price, as illustrated on the right-hand slide of the slide.
 Please see slide 15.
 Paradigm shift from ICE on internal conversion engine vehicle to EVs is rapidly accelerating
 in two wheel
 and compact cars as well.
 In the mobility area, the electric motorcycle formed mainly in India, China, and ASEAN countries
 is expected to enter high growth period
 driven by environmental measures.
 We are currently focusing on two major markets of India and China and have already studied
 mass production of models for major customers.
 In the mini-EV area, we have already received orders from major customers in the Chinese market
 and studying mass production from Fiscal Year 22.
 We consider these business areas as one of the most important growth drivers in small precision motors in Vision 2025.
 Please see slide 16.
 16. NIDEX
 small precision motor division starts a shift to mobility in fiscal year 22 with launching multiple
 project
 project for electric motorcycles and mini-EVs.
 As illustrated on the left-hand side of the slide, our motors have been adopted by China's
 largest electric motorcycle manufacturer, Yadier, for the first time and actual shipment
 study last September.
 The annual global market size of motorcycle is estimated at around 60 million units,
 the largest market being in India, followed by China and Indonesia.
 As electrification of motorcycle is progressing, electric motorcycles are expected to become rapidly widespread, mainly in these countries and regions.
 As shown on the right-hand slide,
 side of the slide, we are receiving
 increasing orders from motors used in electric motorcycles and mini EVs that are under 30
 kilowatt and in mass production within fiscal year 22 for around 10 projects
 Please see slide 17.
 We are implementing business portfolio transformation amid HDD motor market structural change.
 The sales of other small motors in Quota 3 has achieved record high as HDD sales declined due to reduced HDD shipment volume.
 Please see slide 18.
 In ACI, we are executing structural reform
 in overseas business and looking to enter a new phase of growth, while estimating
 kegel of the market at the
 3% to 5%.
 We aim to grow ACI sales to CAGR of 10% to 11% by creating new demand through solution proposals in markets such as HVAC and handling robots where structural change is occurring.
 Please see slide 19.
 In SEI, we are continuing to aim for 15% operating profit ratio,
 even though profitability
 improvement slowdown after
 progressing for sixth consecutive quarter since Q4 fiscal year 19.
 Precede slide 20.
 In other product groups, operating profit ratio is keeping high level after bottoming out in Q4 fiscal year 19.
 Please see slide 21.
 NIDEX Board of Directors has approved the resolution to purchase the share of OKK Corporation, or OKK.
 Through a third-party allocation of common shares in a meeting of Board of Directors
 held last November, and we
 have a
 executed capital alliance agreement with OKK regarding this share purchase. This share purchase
 enable a mutual
 complement of products
 in the area of
 machine tool, which is an existing area of NIDEX business.
 Synergies are expected, especially in such areas are element technology development, manufacturing, and sales of machine-to-business by NIDEC Manufacturing Tool Corporation,
 which joined the NEDEC group last August.
 request.
 joining NEDEC, but
 via the share purchase, OKCare will make a fresh start as a comprehensive machine tool
 market maker and enhance its product lineup as well as the sales capability while quickly
 reinforcing
 its production capacity as well.
 After the share purchase, we entered into the further expand NIDEC machine tool business
 and believe that it can grow globally at a faster pace
 by making necessary investments where they are needed on a timely basis.
 We hope to mutually explore our groups and OKK's respective technological capability,
 brand power, and customer base to contribute to the development of the machine tool market on global scale.
 Last but not least, on behalf of the entire management team,
 We would like to thank our customers, partners, suppliers for their support and commitment as well as our shareholders.
 At this time, we would like to open up the call for questions.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Mr. Yokota.
 Now we'd like to turn to the Q&A session.
 Senior management of NIDEC will be pleased to answer your questions.
 Today's Q&A session will be conducted electronically.
 if you'd like to ask a question
 please press Start key and 1 on the attached phone phone.
 Again, please press star and 1 if you'd like to ask a question.
 If you would like to cancel your request, please press star and 2.
 We now pose four questions from the participants.
 Okay, our first question today is from Alma Capital, James Parsifold.
 James, please go ahead
 Thank you very much for your presentation.
 Can I ask a little bit more detail about the margin decline in ACI and also in your materials it was different,
 But on a reported basis in autos, margins also slipped a little bit.
 And I'm aware that costs, raw material costs, perhaps shipping costs have gone up.
 if you could perhaps break that down a little bit
 and also comment on
 what you're trying to do to offset that and the degree to which you may be able
 to recover that in pricing for some of the products, but perhaps not other ones.
 and so we get a better feel for what we think is likely to happen over the next six months in that area.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 This is Yukto speaking.
 Let me respond to the question for the material cost and maybe shipping cost, James.
 For the shipping cost, yes, we are impacted, especially the shipment cost in the vessel
 between China and U.S. or China and Europe.
 We estimated the impact to ACI in Kyoto 3 is roughly 10 okuen.
 and maybe automotive or five walk-in.
 Those are the impact of best sale cost increase.
 for the material price increase.
 this happens mainly
 mainly the magnetic steel price increase in this period,
 even though the price increase is still a continuous trend from last quarter or last last quarter.
 but this time
 Q3. We tried to
 offset this pricing
 increase by asking customers to absorb
 the impact
 by increasing the price.
 But it took a little bit longer than expected, and we cannot absorb the cost completely.
 So that's why normally we say 1% impact still remains after all the negotiation with customers.
 But this time Q3 estimated 2% remained because of the delay in the negotiation with the customer.
 especially the magnetic steel it is typically there's no search contract
 like other copper or aluminum and those are normally we have a search contract
 is custom, but the steel and magnetic steel, there's no surcharge contract.
 So that's why it's a negotiation basis.
 the reason why
 Maybe you know very well in the situation, but magnetic steel,
 especially in the Europe area.
 All the steel manufacturer, all the capacity is almost occupied by European automotive OEM due to increasing the spike in the EV production.
 So that's why high-end magnetic steels are already occupied,
 and all the steelmakers shift their production to high-end sites.
 So, therefore, the ACI, we normally use regular magnetic steel, and the capacity of those
 the steel is quite limited due to the shift in the steel manufacturer.
 So that's why our purchase price increased and hit by mainly in the ACI area.
 Of course, we use magnetic steel in the automotive area as well, but ACI is mostly impacted by magnetic steel impact.
 So let's say all entire NIDEC, this time, the material cost spike is roughly 60 o'clock
 or 70億, that is an impact.
 So that which is almost double the regular quota due to the delay in the price negotiation with customers.
 And we, I was sorry, I forgot to answer the last question.
 how do we see the market
 of course we don't have a crystal wall
 in the market price.
 But at this point, for quarter four, this trend is still there.
 for example
 So there is no solution for the capacity enhancement in steel manufacturers in Europe.
 Europe. China's situation is
 a little bit
 eased.
 So we see a little bit of stability in the steel flies or magnetic steel flies in China.
 But still, the European, the tight situation continues.
 So we still need to fight against this price increase.
 And other commodities, it depends.
 some
 it's still
 hyperlize, and some start declining, but some
 climbing again
 So it's a bit difficult for us to foresee, but we expected Q4 is still going to the same pressure than Q3.
 That's a general assumption for us.
 That's great.
 That's right.
 And just as a follow-up, in terms of these price increases for shipping, raw materials,
 things you've got coming through.
 what proportion of those
 obviously there may be a lag of
 for three months or even
 sort of longer
 But what proportion of those do you think is it realistic for you to pass on to your customers?
 or is there a proportion of that, maybe a half or a third,
 that you won't be able to pass on
 and you will have to sort of find through internal cost savings and rationalization.
 Yeah, roughly, normally we try to absorb or put in the price
 than try to absorb 60% to 70% or even more out of a total material cost increase.
 So, roughly, roughly, every quarter, the low figure for the material cost high, let's say, like 4% against the turnover.
 so that we try to
 absorb 3%
 by asking
 material supplier to absorb, swallow it, or we do some technical arrangement of the
 VAV or ask customer
 to increase the price by
 episode. So let me say
 as
 for
 3% out of 4% to be absorbed.
 But this time, Q3, we couldn't absorb 3%, let's say 2% only.
 So the 2% repay.
 that time log
 it depends on the material
 But in short, one is like one quarter, within one quarter.
 but maybe the long one is maybe half a year.
 So it depends on the customer.
 depending on our
 you know,
 share in the market and the relationship with the customer so there's some range uh was to cure uh
 the price
 absorption on those periods.
 Yeah, but if you say you normally would internally absorb 60% to 70%, so you would take the 60% to 70% of the hit.
 In this environment where the increase is rather large,
 do you still expect to have to internally absorb 60 to 70
 and the price increase will cover just 30 to 40?
 Will that be?
 Is that the plan?
 Is that just his name?
 Jim,
 maybe, let me
 precisely stated.
 So,
 60 to 70 percent
 this is a
 combination of internal effort and
 price transfer.
 so still
 the remaining piece to be
 absorbed in next quarter or
 further negotiation with customers.
 I guess let's put off the but sorry off the in terms of price transfer
 to supply, well, your suppliers, the price has gone up.
 So what percentage, how much of the increase would you expect normally to pass on to customers
 and what do you expect to be the case on this occasion when the increase is rather large?
 Um.
 Um...
 .
 Right, just a point.
 Let me replay.
 Thank you, James.
 This is 6 Peacons.
 Thank you.
 To answer that, can we go to page 19?
 Yeah.
 Yep.
 You know,
 left-hand side
 in cells and light
 and size is profit.
 we're talking about the cells
 And then Bluba is a total appliance commercial and industry under NIDEC.
 And the green one is more like an a-sems.
 And then both have the same tendency to keep increasing.
 but
 you know
 why
 sales is increasing
 and the entity was
 it was a bit difficult to tell
 customer we want to increase price you know we we concentrate to supply more
 and then also our profit is deteriorated by increase of materials but we have a
 more revenues and because we
 have more revenues fixed cost percentage go down and then we can expect the offset
 at least a total profit amount
 is more.
 That was happened from like Q2 last fiscal year to like Q2 this fiscal year.
 and then actual damage
 getting bigger and bigger.
 and then
 Q3
 because maybe we have a December Christmas period and also we believe we
 feel saturation from like a fridge or air-conditioning so sales came down
 then we decided to tell customers now we need the compensations that was the
 realities and then
 you know
 Even we say Q3, November, up to October to the beginning of November, it was still active.
 And then we started to negotiate it with customers, but it was soft.
 We see clear downtrend from end of November till December.
 So we became very aggressive attitude to customers.
 And then finally, we fully negotiated with most customers, let's say 95% of customers, by the end of December or beginning of January.
 so that was
 impact
 If we go back to page 6.
 Page 6, you know, this is Q2 versus Q3, upper size is sales, lower size is profit.
 You see an obvious impact in the middle appliance commercial industry area.
 this is caused by
 that delay
 but as I said
 we
 finally negotiated
 fully and then this will come back in Q4 unless we have a extra extra increase
 And then we may have to push that out to Q1.
 It may chase, but at least this big deficit we created in Kyushui, that was already concluded.
 we will see in QCO.
 Then,
 Go back to your questions. Usually, this type of
 material increase
 It doesn't last long.
 Sometimes, let's say, six months.
 Sometimes people in just one quarter.
 And then we have enough savings to absorb.
 This magnetic steel increase started from almost one and a half year ago, and it keeps increasing with almost no stop.
 So, general answer to your question, we definitely absorb at least 50% because, you know, our
 saving is getting less
 on this because this continues
 long.
 so from now on
 probably we have to request
 customers offset this increase
 very much
 that way
 continue
 And then our forecast is this magnetic steel increase will not stop till like 23, 24.
 So discussion may become very harsh with customers, but we also have to protect our profit.
 At least we cannot lose money to sell, so that's what we are seeing.
 But meanwhile, you know, we know this is not sustainable.
 And then, now I'm giving a pressure to our engineers to choose alternative materials or reduce quantity of this magnetic steel.
 or manufacturing engineering can increase okay rate from one plate you
 Usually, to have a large motor core from one plate, 55% to 60% remain, 40% to 45% go into scrap.
 Of course, we get the money to scrap those, but not the original price.
 So now I'm requesting them to increase this OK rate from current 55% to 60% to like 70% to 75%.
 That will help a lot.
 So, at the end of the day, not only magnetic steel, but also magnetic itself, kappas, aluminums,
 you know, technology will define cost competitiveness.
 So that's where, you know, that is the area we historically won.
 So this time again, we're pushing engineering to save these situations.
 So, story short, we want to go parallels.
 One, more price negotiation with customers, as long as this keep increasing.
 And then two, more technology to reduce quantity or increase OK rate.
 That's what we are going to lose.
 but
 No, this already continues very long. That is very much painful.
 Right.
 Tremendous.
 Thank you for that very complete answer.
 That's great. Thank you.
 Thank you
 James, thank you very much.
 For those who have just joined the conference call, let me repeat how you can ask your question to the company's senior management.
 Today's Q&A session is being conducted electronically.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press star key and 1 on your touchtone phone.
 Again, please press star and 1 if you'd like to ask a question.
 If you would like to cancel your request, please press star and 2.
 Now,
 Uh,
 Our next question is from Mark Im of Giamco.
 Mark, please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you very much for that.
 I just want to follow up on the previous question about magnetic steel.
 Just to confirm, this is mainly an issue in your European operations,
 or is it pretty much company-wide the same effect?
 Okay.
 Okay, thank you, Mark.
 Let me reply from Seki.
 it's global actually
 but
 particularly from Europe
 There are two reasons, okay?
 it's highly related with electrifications you know uh electrification is accelerating but
 but particularly two major markets,
 one is Europe and one is China.
 If we look at the North America and Japan and other markets, it's not as aggressive as Europe and China.
 Yes.
 And then Europe electrification ratio, including a plug-in hybrid, December sales is already
 reached more than 20% among new car sales.
 forecast was around 10% by the end of 2021, so it's almost double, very much accelerated.
 And then obviously, you know, traction motor is large.
 And then, naturally, it required
 high quantity
 of magnetic steels, that's one of the reasons that
 hidden reason is
 OEM in Europe
 want to go more for 2022 and 2023, and then they start reserving magnetic
 still for next year and after next year.
 makes it difficult
 difficult for
 appliance applications
 or industrial application
 to get magnetic steel
 because automotive OEM is dominating those.
 and then of course
 for steel companies
 high sales
 with better profit is better.
 And I think an automotive application required a very long process to make it thinner, and
 than a good price and a good profit for them,
 than appliance application or industrial application.
 That's happening in Europe.
 And then China is supposed to be saying, but China has a little more still capacity than Europe against the demand.
 So that's what Yokota-san explained. It's similar, but the capacity and supply point of view, China has a little more room than Europe.
 Okay. Overall, because of that demand, intensive demand in Europe and China, globally, this
 magnetic steel
 showing
 shortage, but it's coming from Europe.
 That is the background.
 Thanks for that.
 Just are you expanding your suppliers of magnetic steel
 or looking into, I don't know, investment in that area yourself over the long term?
 we have a
 several actions for this, but
 Obviously, we are not going to have a still meal by ourselves.
 we cannot control that
 but
 one
 because
 globally, China has
 little more room for adjustment, we decided to have a huge import from China to Europe
 for appliance applications and industrial applications.
 Of course, that costs a lot, but because European cost is already very high,
 even paying logistic costs and import duties imported from China are almost similar or a little less.
 So we deserved up to FY22.
 We need to continue this for probably 23 and 24.
 That's fast one and second one
 this is
 I've not been...
 ...foo...
 fully decided yet,
 but generally speaking
 automotive
 application is
 thinner than
 industrial
 our politicians.
 For example, one plate thickness for automotive, particularly traction motor, is, let's say,
 0.25 millimeter to 0.27 millimeters
 while industrial application is, let's say, 0.35 to 0.40.
 Well, this sickness is created by times of lowlings.
 That means the automotive industry application needs more rolling times.
 and then
 because steel mill only making application for automotive side very
 very difficult for
 industry and appliance to get
 eat
 uh,
 their standard
 the sickness.
 So what we are studying, you know, it may become expensive, but surprise is more important.
 So they'll start studying if we can use automotive industry application for appliance and industries.
 then instead, you know, efficiency becomes a little higher.
 So, let's say, while we usually use 150, we may be able to reduce to 135 with thinner
 magnetic steel.
 that we are studying
 but now automotive is dominating and therefore minor users such as the
 industry applications or appliance application may have to follow
 automotive standards.
 that we are studying.
 But probably we have many other choice and then way of adjustment we have to squeeze out to survive.
 Okay, thank you.
 So just one more question.
 This is about your acquisition.
 OKK. Can you explain the background of that? I know you have
 exposure to machine tools and you've made M&A
 in that area, like with Mitsubishi.
 why OKK and
 What is your long-term plan for machine tools?
 Okay, maybe I go first, and then maybe Nareh-san or Yokota-san, you can add several comments later.
 fast
 you know
 We believe electrification from automotive side will grow very rapidly, and then we are
 very strong
 to build
 the mortars
 But we are not so strong for gear.
 No.
 when you are thinking
 a gear
 for
 manual transmissions and then gear for electric EVs.
 It's very different.
 Function is the same, transfer rotation power to wheels, but as you have experienced before,
 Manual transmission vehicle is very fun to drive, at the same time very noisy.
 No one cares when manual transmission is noisy, with a sound from engine too, but one
 turned into EVs very quiet at least no combustion sounds so sound from gear
 become very noisy actually same or much less noise and vibrations and manual
 transmission but because entire sound and vibration become smaller that sound from
 gear become outstanding. Then to control this we need a very precise machining and
 grinding for gear and then we hired many experts from gear areas but we finally found that you know
 best way is acquire the best quality machine builders that was the Mitsubishi Heavy Industry
 machine tool divisions and now they are in our hand and then sometimes we found
 that to complete this machining area we need not only for gear machining or gear grinding
 but also standard machining centers.
 Then we also found that this segment, the way of competition is very soft.
 So usually they have a standard price, depending on brand, sales power, they have like a plus
 minus 10% price gap but because and then many of the time they have a trading
 company to leach
 find other users
 And then because of those structure of commercial and business,
 Their ranking from No. 1 to No. 10 has no change for 40 years.
 Very, very soft to competitions.
 so
 our chairman
 Mr. Naravoli
 determined
 Let's go into this segment.
 it's not difficult to get the wind so while we had a machine to machine machine to
 which used to be a part
 of Mitsubishi Heavy Industry, we decided to find good machining center builders.
 And then OKK has a very good engineering.
 and then history, and then asset, but their business was terrible.
 a huge negative profit for from 20 and possibly 21 so therefore it's not
 expensive to purchase. There was a background we bought and also this
 combination machine tool and the OKK also help a lot to make a reducer for
 robot as well
 then this is also another one we believe extend very much from the future for
 future there.
 So
 while we
 making a distractions our idea is expanding probably we need this company
 we need this company
 this company will help a lot to sell in China or USA so we will extend this idea for further and then
 Mr. Nagamori is very energized to make this machine tool division bigger under NIDEQ.
 But, go back to your first question.
 original background
 And it's still background, but not to sell outside, but to help internal business such as a motor for EV or reducer for robot.
 That is background.
 Potentially, we can expand this to very strong.
 The rest, I would like to say, if you have been here,
 to show a comment?
 Yeah, just to add just a simple explanation to on top of Mr. Seki's explain.
 NIDEC machine tool is a lineup is for more like larger size of machining center of course one of
 benefit that we get is
 gearing technology.
 But their product line is mainly
 on the high-end line.
 On the other hand, OKK is very good at mid-size or small-size machining center.
 If we really try to be successful in the machining business, we need a product lineup because we have to access all of the potential customers everywhere.
 We cannot compete only one product in a very, very wide range of product competition.
 competition. So that's why OKK is very essential to add such variety of lineup on top of NIDEC
 which is very good at a large-sized machining center.
 So this is also one of the biggest motivations for us to pursue OKK.
 Thank you very much.
 Mark, thank you very much.
 We have a few more minutes to accommodate some questions, and there seems to be a new question from
 Zaki Noe on
 MAFG Securities America.
 Jack, please go ahead.
 Good morning and good evening.
 Thank you for hosting this timely call once again.
 I have some questions on your production capacity for your e-axle.
 First of all, congratulations on reaching 20,000-mile production last month.
 And on the slide 13, I know you have this capacity to increase to 6 million units in F524.
 So, you know, rough calculation, that's about 500,000 units per month.
 So that's, you know, 25 times greater than last month.
 So my two questions from me are one,
 based on your current customer inquiries,
 What is your expected or estimated orders for e-AXO in FI24?
 and my second question is
 when do you think the orders from
 non-Chinese auto companies
 we'll start to kick in.
 Thank you, Zach. This is Sechi speaking. Let me explain. First, if you are on page 13,
 You know, please look at the graph on right-hand side, blue by the capacity that you are seeing,
 And then green portion is actual current forecast of production volumes.
 So 3.5 million in 25, okay?
 And then, we are not showing this green for 24, 23, 22, your question was 24, but in 22,
 We are seeing about 1 million, and then we are expecting a very linear increase from
 22 to 23, 24, and 25.
 So first answer to your question, 24, probably around 2.8 or 2.7 million.
 And then this 3.5 million was the number we announced at the last financial announcement
 in octobus actually this 3.8 already increased to 3.5 already increased to 3.8 by 300,000 so you know
 after discussion
 with Mr. Naramoli
 and we stopped
 to announce this volume increase because time by time it's not so impactful.
 So instead, probably we announced this volume increase by every half a year, so we didn't
 explain this time, but probably in April we explain. But time by time this volume
 will increase and then that's why we are aiming double of capacities because one
 One day, you know, this prepared capacity will be fulfilled, and even the customer won't
 us to supply it.
 We have no rules.
 and then we know
 25 is
 breaking point
 You know, it looks a very steep curve, but for us, this is still slow.
 After 25, the speed of increase for electrification will be even more accelerated.
 Therefore, we need spare capacity to absorb all of those opportunities.
 So that we are aiming and then we set this as a strategy.
 And this strategy is not the first one.
 We had a very huge success for hard disk drive by the exact same strategies.
 You know, prepare the capacity first and then demand comes next.
 Actually, because we had capacity, demand came.
 if we didn't
 get past it
 everybody were
 slow and we are one of them
 and then we probably had to share those demands with our competitors.
 it.
 so to repeat that success again and we have this success okay and then second questions european
 customers. I don't know if your question is excluding Stellantis, but we have a
 strength is therefore our delivery to them start from this q2 coming q2 22 q2s yeah so that's first
 one and then I don't know we should really count Strantis as one but we
 supply to Peugeot-Stroens and Fiat and Opels and then now we are discussing with
 Chrysler as part of Stellantis and then that will come. And then part from
 Stelantis, two things I would like to explain.
 I cannot mention
 their name, but
 last time
 we explained
 the type
 customer type A, B, C.
 A is stick to be in-house, and C is non-stick, they automatically outsource, and B is like
 a hybrid.
 joint ventures, yeah?
 sterantist is there for type B, but
 we are talking about this type A customer
 Actually, we don't see clear type C customer in Europe.
 They are either type A or B.
 and then type A customer start drifting to type A dash. A dash means you know
 They stick for final assembly, but they are abandoning to assemble motor itself or inverter
 itself or gear itself.
 they purchase motor inverter and gear set from outside and then they keep final assembly
 in their plant.
 And then they probably
 basically the e-house
 traction motor
 but
 anyway
 we start to receiving
 RFQ for motors and inversor motors for those.
 I think those parts business coming into the European side.
 And another one is, I explained this partially last time as well, but because most of the European OEM
 I'm treating EV as a core business.
 I think they put aside a hybrid business.
 hybrid business becoming a non-core business from them, and then they used to build a hybrid
 motor at in-house
 or at least
 like a tier one suppliers, those shifting to us. So we are receiving a lot of order of hybrid.
 Hybrid is a bridging technologies, but it's not disappear for another 10 years at least.
 it will not be increased but I think as long as it continues at least five years or six years
 we can absorb it and we can get the profit for those. So we are receiving
 many of the hybrid motor hybrid inverter in europe is that a good answering to your questions zach
 Yes, President Seki, very clear.
 Very exciting, yeah.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 We still have a few more minutes, and welcome your questions.
 for those who want to
 to direct your question to senior management.
 Please press Star 1 at this moment.
 Okay. The next question is, again, from Mark Imoganko, and this will be today's final question.
 Mark, please go ahead.
 Yes, thanks again.
 And I know this is a difficult topic to discuss, but do you have any comments on the Bloomberg
 article that appeared on Monday
 about Chairman
 Nagamori and President
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mark.
 You know, what I can tell is, you know, we don't have any gap between the Nagamorism or Mr. Nagamori's philosophy and my way.
 almost zero gap
 even
 one millimeters yeah so we are i'm fully aligning and personally i respect him a lot you know and then
 you know,
 uh,
 He is very severe.
 he's my
 mask. It's a very natural
 master train his
 the, you know,
 Pupu
 be very strong
 so I think time by time he sometimes very harsh to me to put more output and then I am okay
 he's not telling me
 wrong.
 So we are fully aligning, but, you know, first of all, I don't know why Bloomberg made that as articles because Bloomberg is a tier one media.
 years and then I think content has many misreadings of our relationships and then company
 field of speed.
 So, straight answer to your questions.
 I think
 they had a
 And no worries, we are still fully aligning.
 And then at this moment, I request him to take care of every job in Japan.
 and then
 while we need
 quick turn around from automotive divisions.
 key is
 turn around in operation
 in Germany and operation in Mexico.
 So I'm fully spending my time in Germany and Mexico.
 actually i'm attending this meeting from germany's yeah and then last week i was in the mexico center
 So he accepted me to spend more time in this Europe and Mexico.
 So, maybe because I am so absent in Japan, people may feel it's very strange, but everything
 under agreement between
 Nagamori and myself, no misalignment.
 That's what I want to explain.
 Okay, just what's the issue in Mexico?
 it's same
 it's a automotive business and then we have a very you know slow operations in terms of overall
 efficiencies and scrap rate and the people's trainings and qualities and
 and inventories, you know, while we have a very strong
 in Japan and China,
 Southeast Asia it's a bit slow to transfer to Europe and then Mexico's and
 And then I re-trained my peoples and then enhancement of the business and then built
 basic strengths as manufacturers that we are doing and Mexico is one of the
 operations.
 Very helpful, indeed. Thank you.
 Mark, thank you very much.
 Now, we'd like to conclude the conference call.
 I'd like to appreciate for your participation.
 Should you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact NIDEC Corporation
 or your sales representative at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
 Again, thank you.
 Orikasa-san, sorry, before we are fully closing, let me make a final remarks.
 As you can see,
 as I explained
 you know, our
 Q3
 accumulated sales reaching 1.4 trillion yen and then Q3 sales itself is like 0.5
 to the unions.
 we updated our sales target last time
 to be 1.9 trillion yen.
 Now it's become very positive.
 And then, also in July, we announced Vision 2025 to be a 4 trillion yen in 2025.
 As a very fast milestone, I committed two trillion yen by 22, which is another 0.1 trillion yen if we land 1.9 this year.
 So 2 trillion yen is very reachable, and then as we explained through the electrification
 you know we have a lot of source for further growth and of course a Monday
 particularly machine tool building build ideas it's very active so we will make
 a committed growth for this year and next year, and then we will approach what we targeted
 in Vision 2025.
 So, thanks for your support, but at this moment, we have difficulty of material price and material supply.
 It's a very small thing. If we look at two years period or three years period,
 important point is we have enough strength to grow and then firm strategy
 to execute.
 So we will be there and then we will not betray your expectations.
 That's a final remark from me.
 Sorry, Uri Kassam.
 Mr. Seki, thank you very much for your closing remarks.
 Again, I'd like to thank you for joining the conference call, and you may now disconnect.
 Thank you, everyone. See you next time. Bye-bye.
 Thank you.