 Here all, thank you very much for joining NYDEX conference call.
 I am Yoichori Kasa, General Manager of the Kyoto Branch of Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley
 Security.
 As we kick off the conference, I'd like to ask you to make sure all the materials are ready in front of you.
 If not, please download the files on NYDEX homepage right now.
 Please note, this call is being recorded and the conference materials will be posted on
 on NYDEX homepage for the coming week for investors and analysts who are not able to join today's
 the call.
 Now, I'd like to introduce today's attendees from NIDAC Corporation.
 Mr. Jun Sekit, the Presentative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer.
 Hello everyone, this is Sekiz.
 Mr. Hideyoshi Yobota, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 Hello, everyone.
 Ah, this is heated, oh, she'll go, huh?
 First, Mr. Yocota will make a presentation.
 After his presentation, we will move on to a Q&A session and Mr. Seiki and Mr. Yokota
 We'll answer your questions.
 Mr. Yokota, now present NYDEX Q3 fiscal year 2021 results, future outlook, and management
 strategy. Mr. Yocota, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Rikasa-san.
 Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's conference call.
 My name...
 Today, Mr. Jun Seiki, Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of NARIC,
 and myself will be your main speakers and answer your questions.
 Joining us also is Mr. Masahiro Nagayasu, General Manager of NIDAC's IRT.
 For a far-looking statement, please see Slider 2 of our presentation material for details.
 Now, I'm going to leave you the key figures.
 Three C slides lead for the fiscal year 21, nine months result.
 shown on slide 4.
 9 months net sales stood at record high of $1,407.2 billion, 18.8% higher year-on-year.
 9 months operating profit and profit before income tax increase 16.6% year-on-year to
 134.6 billion, 19.4% year-on-year to 130.6 billion, respectively.
 at record high.
 Q3.
 quarterly net sales increased by 7.2% quarter-on-quarter to 496.5 billion, marking a record high
 for three consecutive puts.
 Based on this result, we have made an upward revision on year-end division focused by five
 dissolving in the projected aggregate annual division of 65 yen per share for fiscal year
 On slide 5 and 6, you have stepped up showing the net sales and operating profit year-on-year
 and quarter-on-quarter respectively by a product group will exchange late effect, elimination,
 and structurally form expenses.
 As you can see on slide 6, all of the segments increase their net sales quarter on quarter.
 with leaders to all waiting profit.
 I'll be right back.
 alliance, commercial and industrial or ACI decline due to increased material costs.
 However, small precision model and automotive increase despite this adverse backdoor.
 decline as the September quarter had a one-off profit increase related to the acquisition
 and electrical and optical components and others made an increase.
 Please see slide 10.
 We are aiming to become number one automotive hardware manufacturer by anticipating the
 strong electrification demand boosted by K, which means connected autonomous and sharing
 and electric. In the EV construction model related business, mass production of E-axle
 at the joint venture with Stellantis is expected to start in the second half of fiscal year
 in addition to those being mass produced in China.
 We are also receiving new orders from Chinese, European, and Japanese OEMs, as well as U.S.
 EV startups and newcomers from other industries and the turning point of fiscal year 25 gets
 In other motors and auto parts, we have prepared and continue to prepare a highly competitive
 product line-ups in ADAS or advanced driver assistance system, power train chassis and
 body area. With those product groups, we are aiming to achieve one trionnion net cell
 organically and 300 billion yen additional net sales through M&As in fiscal year 25 in
 in the automotive segment.
 3C slide 11.
 The Chinese battery EV or battery electric vehicle market, the largest in the world,
 achieved
 dramatic growth of over one hundred fifty percent
 entering into explosive high growth period.
 in calendar year 2021.
 not only domestic sales in China, but also export from China to overseas, across these
 countries are progressing quite rapidly and supporting increase of overall shipment.
 is linked to the made in China high-end BEV landscape
 on the right-hand side of the slide,
 that U.S. company T is expanding sales
 through exporting their main product models made in the Shanghai factory to Europe, and
 The Chinese company N has announced to export the vehicles to over 25 countries and regions
 by 2025.
 3C slide 12.
 The total sales volume of the 10 EV model using our e-axis has exceeded around 265 certain
 unit on an accumulative basis at the end of last December and the sales volume in calendar
 year 2021 doubled compared to the previous year.
 The monthly production is exceeding 20,000 units from last November.
 November.
 3C Slides 13.
 we are going to invest around 300 billion
 to enable vertical start-up to prepare for the EV turning point of fiscal year 25.
 In addition to the six factories that are up and running or being built, we are planning
 a more global production site and we are going to prepare double the production capacity
 of expected sales volume in fiscal year 25.
 3C slide 14.
 The profitability of Q3 fiscal year 25-21 formed a forum as a result of a loss of sales
 due to cheap shortage and high low material price as illustrated on the right-hand slide
 The End.
 Thanks for watching.
 This is like 15.
 paradigm shift from ice on internal conversion engine vehicle to EVs is
 is rapidly accelerating in two-wheel and compact cars as well. In the mobility area, the electric
 A motorcycle formed mainly in India, China, and ASEAN countries is expected to enter
 the high growth period developed by environmental measures.
 We are currently focusing on two major markets of India and China, and have already studied
 mass production of models for major customers.
 in the mini EV area.
 We have already received orders from major customers
 in the Chinese market and studying mass production
 from fiscal year 22.
 consider these business areas as one of the most important growth drivers in small precision
 motors in Vision 2025.
 Please see slide 16.
 NIDA's Small Precision Motor Division starts a shift to mobility in fiscal year 22, with
 launching multiple projects.
 project for electric motorcycles and mini EVs.
 as illustrated on the left hand side of the slide,
 our motors have been adopted by China's largest electric motorcycle manufacturer,
 Yadda.
 For the first time.
 and actual shipment steady.
 September. The annual global market size of motorcycle is estimated at around 60 million
 unit.
 largest market pin in India, followed by China and Indonesia.
 As electrification of motorcycles is progressing, electric motorcycles are expected to become
 LAPI-3 widespread mainly in these countries and regions.
 As shown on the light hand side of the slide, we are receiving increasing orders from mortars
 used in electric motorcycles and mini EVs under 30 kilowatts and in mass production
 within fiscal year 22 for around 10 projects.
 Please see slide 17.
 We are implementing Business Portfolio Transformation
 Amy.
 DD motor market structural change.
 that sales of other small motors in quota three
 has achieved the core high as HDD cells declined due to reduced HDD shipment volume.
 Pre-C slide 18.
 In ACI, we are executing structurally form in overseas business and looking to enter
 a new phase of law. While estimating figure of the market at the 3 to 5 percent, we aim
 to grow ACI cells to a keg of 10% to 11% by creating new demands through the solution
 proposal in market such as HVAP and a handling level where structural change is occurring.
 please see slide 19.
 In ACI, we are continuing to aim for 15% operating profit
 even though profitability improvement has slowed down after progressing for six consecutive
 quarter since Q4 fiscal year 19.
 Precise slide 20.
 In other product groups, operating profit ratio is keeping high level after bottoming
 out in quarter four fiscal year 19.
 Pre-C slide 21.
 NYDEX Board of Directors has approved the resolution to purchase the share of OKK Corporation
 or OKK through a third-party allocation of common shares
 in a meeting of Director Held last November, and we have executed the Capital Alliance
 agreement with OKK regarding this share purchase.
 This share part just enables mutual complement of products in the area of machine tool, which
 is an existing area of NIDAC's business.
 synergies expected, especially in such areas,
 element technology development, manufacturing, and sales of a machine-to-business by NEDEC
 Manufacturing Tool Corporation, which joined the native group last August.
 joining NIDIC, but via the share purchase, OKK will make a fresh start as a comprehensive
 machine-to-market maker and enhance its product lineup as well as the sales capability while
 quickly reinforcing its production capacity as well.
 well.
 After the share purchase, we entered into the further expand NIDIC machine tool business
 and believe that it can glow globally at a faster pace by making necessary investment
 where they are needed on a timely basis.
 We hope to mutually export our groups and OKK's respective technological capability,
 power and customer base to contribute to the development of the machine tool market on
 global scale.
 plus, but not least, on behalf of the entire management team,
 We would like to thank our customers, partners,
 suppliers for their support and commitment as well as our shareholders.
 At this time, we would like to open up the call for questions.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Mr. Yokota.
 Now we'd like to turn to the Q&A session.
 senior management of NIDIC are really pleased to answer your questions.
 Today's Q&A session will be conducted electronically.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press start key and one on your touch down form.
 Again, please press star and one if you'd like to ask a question.
 If you'd like to cancel your request, please press star and two
 We now pause for questions from the participants.
 Okay.
 Our first question today is from Alma Capital, James Parsford.
 James, please go ahead.
 Thank you very much for your presentation.
 Can I ask about the, a little bit more detail about the margin decline in ACI and also on
 in your materials, it was different.
 but on a reported basis in in autos, marching's also slipped a little bit.
 And I'm aware that costs, raw material costs,
 perhaps shipping costs have gone up.
 But if you could perhaps break that down a little bit and also comment on what your
 trying to offset that and the degrees at which you may be able to recover that in pricing
 the sum of the products but perhaps not other ones and so we get a better feel for what
 we think is likely to happen over the next six months in that area.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 This is Yucca speaking.
 Maybe respond to the question for the material cost and maybe shipping cost, James.
 So, the shipping cost, yes, we are impacted, especially the shipment cost in the vessel
 between China and U.S. or China and Europe.
 We estimated the impact to ACI in Kyoto 3 is roughly 10 o'clock when and maybe automotive
 for five-volume.
 Those are the...
 impact of best-sell cost increase for the material market, material price increase.
 happens mainly in the magnetic steel price increase in this period, even though the price
 I think it is still a continuous trend from last quarter or last quarter, but this time
 Q3.
 We tried to offset this pricing by asking customers to absorb the impact by increasing
 the plight, but we have, it took a little bit longer than expected and we cannot absorb
 the cost of completing.
 So that's why normally we say 1% impact is still remain after the all the negotiation
 with customer, but this time Q3 has estimated 2% remained
 because of the delay in the negotiation with the customer.
 especially the magnetic steel, it is typically,
 there's no, uh, purchase contract.
 Like other copper or aluminum those are normally we have a surcharge contract is custom about the steel and the magnetic steel
 There's no search-age contracts, so that's why it's a negotiation basis.
 The reason why, maybe you know very well in the situation, but magnetic field, especially
 in the Europe area, all the steel manufacturer, all the capacity is almost occupied by European
 automotive OEM due to increase in the spike in the EV production.
 So that's why.
 high-end magnetic states are already occupied, and all the steel makers shift their production
 to the high end side. So therefore, the ACI, we normally use regular magnetic steel and
 And the capacity of those steel is quite limited due to the shift in the steel manufacture.
 So, that's why our purchase price increase and hit by mainly in the ACI area.
 Of course, we use magnetic steel in the automotive era as well, but ACI is mostly impacted by
 magnetic steel impact.
 So, let's say, all entire NIDIC, this time, the material cost spike is roughly 60 or 70
 ock.
 That is the impact.
 which is almost double the regular quota due to the delay in the price negotiation with
 customer.
 And we also got to answer that last question.
 How do we see the market?
 So, of course, we don't have a crystal wall in the marketplace, but at this point, for
 quarter four. This trend is still there. For example, there is no solution for the capacity
 and enhancement is still manufactured in the Europe.
 situation is a little east, so we see a little bit of stability in the steel
 flies or magnetic-style flies in China, but still the European, the type of situation
 continue so we still need to fight against the surprising case and other
 of commodity, it depends. It's still a high price and some are still declining, but some
 So it's a bit difficult for us to foresee, but we expected Q4 is still going to the same
 pressure than Q3. That's a general assumption for us.
 Sorry, just as a follow-up, in terms of these price increases for shipping, raw materials
 things you've got coming through.
 through. What proportion of those, obviously there may be a lag of three months or even
 sort of longer.
 But what proportion of those do you think is it realistic for you to pass on to your
 customers, or is there a proportion of that, maybe a half or a third, that you won't be
 to pass on and you will have to sort of find your internal cost savings and rationalise
 Yeah.
 Lastly, normally we try to outsell or put in the price, then try to outsell 60 to 70
 or even more, out of total material cost increase.
 So, roughly, roughly, every quote, the low figure for the material cost of height, let's
 say, like a 4% against a turnover.
 So that we try to absorb 3% by asking material supplier to absorb, swallow it, or we do some
 technical arrangement as VAV or ask customer to increase the price by also so we say
 as 3% out of 4% to be observed.
 But this time Q3, we couldn't absorb 3%, let's say 2% only.
 So, the two-person living.
 That time lag, it depends on the material.
 But in short, short one is like a one quarter,
 within one quarter.
 But maybe the long one is maybe half a year.
 So it depends on the customer, it depends on our share in the market and the relationship
 be the costumer.
 So there's some range to cure the price absorption on those periods.
 Yeah.
 But if you say you normally would internally absorb 6 to the 70 percent, so you would take
 for 60% or 70% of the hit. In this environment where the increase is rather large, do you
 still expect to to have to internally absorb 60 to 70 and the the price
 increase will cover just 30 to 40. Will that be, is that the plan? Is that just as
 James, maybe let me precisely state it.
 So 60 to 70 percent, this is a combination of internal effort and price transfer.
 So still the remaining piece to be absorbed in the next quarter or a further negotiation
 be custom.
 I guess.
 It's all the...
 of the, in terms of price transfer to, well, your supply is, the price has gone up, so
 What percentage, how much of the increase would you expect normally to pass on to customers
 and what do you expect to be the case on this occasion when the increase is rather large?
 Let me reply.
 Thank you, James.
 This is six speaking.
 Thank you.
 To answer that, can we go page 19?
 Yeah
 Yeah.
 You know
 The left-hand side is cells and the right-hand side is profit.
 we're talking about the cells.
 And then Bluebar is a total appliance commercial in the industry under Midek.
 And the green one is more like an asym.
 and then both have the same tendencies to keep increasing, but you know while
 Why?
 Self is increasing.
 Reality works.
 It went...
 It's a bit difficult to tell customer we want to increase price, you know, we concentrate
 to supply more. And then, although our profit is deteriorated by increase of materials,
 But we have more revenues and because we have more revenues fixed cost percentage go down and then we can expect to offset stuff
 At least the total profit amount is more.
 That was happened from like a Q2 last fiscal year to like a Q2 this fiscal year.
 And then, actual damage getting bigger and bigger.
 Then Q3 because maybe we have a December Christmas period and also we believe we feel saturation
 from, like, a fridge or, you know, air-conditioning.
 So, feral seeds, feral seeds came down.
 Then, we decided to tell customers.
 Now we need compensations.
 That was the reality.
 But then, you know, even we say Tuesday, November, up to October to the beginning of November,
 We were still active and then we started to negotiate with customer but it was soft.
 We see clear downtrends from the end of November to December, so we became very aggressive
 attitude to customers. And then finally,
 We fully negotiated with most of the customers,
 It's a 95% of customer by the end of December or beginning of January.
 So that was the impact.
 if we go back to page 6.
 This is Q2 versus Q3, upper side is sales, lower side is profit.
 you've seen an obvious impact in the middle,
 appliance commercial industry, this is caused by that delay.
 As I said, we finally negotiated fully,
 and then this will come back in Q4.
 unless we have an extra, extra increase.
 And then we may have to push that out to QM.
 It may chase, but at least this big deficit we created in QC, that was already concluded.
 we will see in Q4.
 Then go back to your questions.
 Usually, this type of material increase doesn't last long, sometimes let's say six months,
 in just one-quarters. And then we have enough saving to absorb. This magnetic
 still increase, it started from almost one and a half year ago and then it keep
 keep increasing with almost no stop. So general answer to your question, we definitely observe
 at least 50%
 But because, you know, our savings is getting less and less
 because this continues long.
 So from now on, probably we have to request customer
 to accept the same piece, you know, very much.
 That way it continues.
 And then our forecast is this magnetic steel increase will not stop till like 23, 24, so
 Discussion may become very harsh with customers, but we also have to protect our profit.
 At least we cannot use money to sell, so that's what we are seeing.
 But me what?
 You know, we know this is not sustainable and then now I'm giving a pressure to our
 engineers to
 uh...
 choose
 alternative materials or reduce the quantity of these magnetic fields or manufacturing
 engineering can increase OK rate from one plate, usually to have a large motor core
 from one plate, 55% to 60% remain, 40% to 45%
 going to scrap.
 Of course, we get the money to scrap those, but not the original price, so now I'm requesting
 them to increase this OK rate from current to 55% to 60% to like 70% to 75%.
 That will help a lot.
 So at the end of the day, not only magnetic,
 but also magnetic itself, tapas, aluminum, technology will define cost-competitiveness.
 So that's where, you know, that is the area we historically won.
 So this time again, we're pushing engineering to save these situations.
 so
 to
 Story short, we want to go parallel, you know, one, more price negotiation with customers
 as long as this keep increasing and the two more technology to reduce quantity or increase
 that we are going to both, but this already continues very long, that is very much painful.
 Right. Tremendous. Thank you for that very complete answer.
 That's great, thank you.
 Thank you.
 James, thank you very much.
 For those who have just joined the conference call, let me repeat how you can ask your
 a question to the company's senior management.
 Today's Q&A session is being conducted electronically.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press start key and one on your touch down form.
 Again, please press star and one if you'd like to ask a question.
 If you'd like to cancel your request, please press star and two.
 If you would like to cancel your request, please press star and two.
 Now, our next question is from
 Mark, please go ahead.
 Thank you very much for that.
 I just want to follow up on the previous question
 about magnetic steel.
 just to confirm this is mainly an issue
 in your European operations,
 or is it pretty much company-wide the same effect?
 Thank you.
 Let me reply from Seki.
 It's global actually, but particularly from Europe, two reasons, okay, it's highly related
 with electrification. Electrification is accelerating, but particularly two major
 market, one in Europe and one in China.
 If you look at North America and Japan as a market, it's not aggressive as Europe and China's.
 And then, Europe, the electrification ratio, including the plug-in hybrid, December cells
 He has already reached more than 20%
 among new car cells.
 The original forecast was around 10% by the end of 2021, so it's almost double, very much accelerated.
 And then, obviously, you know, traction motor is large, and then naturally it requires a high
 quantity of magnetic skills. That's one of the reasons, but hidden reason is OEM in Europe
 want to go more for 22 and 23, and then they start reserving magnetic steel for next year
 and after mixture.
 That makes it difficult for appliance applications or industrial applications to get magnetic
 Thank you for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 because automotive OEM is dominating those and then of course for steel companies
 high sales with a better profit is better, and then I think an automotive application
 The loan required a very long process to make it thinner and then a good price and a good
 profit for them than appliance application or industrial application.
 happening in Europe. And then China is supposed to be same, but China has a little more still
 capacity than Europe against demand.
 So that's what Yokota-san explained.
 It's similar, but the supply point of view, China has a little more loon than Europe.
 Overall, because of that demand, intensive demand in Europe and China, globally this
 magnetic steel showing a shortage but it's coming from Europe. That is the background.
 Thanks for that.
 Just, are you...
 Are you expanding your suppliers of magnetic steel, or looking into, I don't know, and
 ...
 investment in that area yourself over the long term.
 We have several actions for this, but obviously we are not going to have a steel mill by ourselves.
 We cannot control that, but, well, because globally, China has a little more room for
 adjustment, we decided to have a huge import from China to Europe for appliance applications
 and the industrial applications.
 Of course, that costs a lot, but because the European cost is already very high, even paying
 a logistic cost and the import duties imported from China are almost similar or a little less.
 So, we deserved up to FY22.
 We need to continue this for probably 23 and 24.
 That's first one. And second one, this has not been fully decided yet, but generally speaking,
 Automotive application is thinner than industrial applications.
 For example, one plate thickness for one plate thickness for one plate thickness for one
 automotive, particularly traction motor, is, let's say,
 0.25 millimeters to 0.27 millimeters.
 while industrial application is, let's say, 0.35 to 0.40.
 This thickness is created by times of rolling.
 That means the automotive industry application needs more rolling times.
 And then because steel mills only make application for automotive side, very difficult for industry
 and appliance to get their standard thickness.
 So what we are studying, you know, it may become expensive, but surprise is more important,
 So there, start studying if we can use automotive industry
 application for appliance and industry.
 then instead, you know, efficiency becomes a little higher.
 So let's say, while we usually use 150,
 we may be able to reduce to 135 with CINNA magnetic fields.
 that we are studying, but now automotive is dominating,
 And therefore, minor users such as the industry applications
 a platform.
 So please,
 may have to follow automotive standards that we are studying.
 Probably, we have many other choices and then way of adjustment, we have to squeeze out
 That's all for mine.
 OK.
 Thank you.
 One more question.
 about your acquisition, okay, okay.
 Can you explain the background of that?
 I know you have exposure to machine tools,
 and you've made M&A in that area like with Mitsubishi.
 Why OKK and what is your long-term plan for machine tools?
 Okay, maybe I go first and then maybe Nagaya-san or Yokota-san, you can add the several comments later.
 fast, you know
 Uh...
 We believe electrification from an automotive side will grow very rapidly and then we are very
 very strong to build the motors, but we are not so strong for gear.
 When you are thinking gear for manual transmissions and gear for electric EVs, it's very different.
 Thanks for everything, you know.
 transfer notation power to Høyhjul, yeah.
 but no
 As you have experienced before, manual transmission vehicle is very fun to drive,
 At the same time, very noisy, and no one cares when a manual transmission is noisy with
 the sound from engine 2.
 Yeah.
 one standing to EVs.
 It's very quiet, at least no combustion sounds, so the sound from gear becomes very noisy.
 Actually, same or much less noise and vibrations and manual transmission, but because entire
 and the vibration becomes smaller, that sound from here becomes outstanding.
 Then to control this we need a very precise machining and grinding for gear and then
 Then we hired many experts from gear areas, but we finally found that the best way is
 and acquired the best quality machine builders.
 That was Mitsubishi Heavy Industry machine tour divisions.
 And now they're EO Hunt.
 And then, at the same time, we found that to complete this machining
 We need not only for gear machining or gear grinding, but also standard machining centers.
 Then we also found that this segment, way of compaction is very soft.
 So usually, they have a standard price, depending on brand,
 sales power, they have like a plus minus 10% price gap.
 But because, and then many of the time, they have a trading company to reach final users.
 And then because of those structure of commercial and business,
 their ranking from number 1 to number 10 has no change for 40 years, very, very soft to
 to competition.
 So, our chairman, Mr. Naramuni, determined, let's go into this segment, it's not difficult
 to get the wind. So while we had a machine tool, a machine tool, it used to be a part
 of the Mitsubishi EV industry, we decided to find a good machine, machining center builders
 And then OKK has a very good to engineering.
 and then history, and then asset,
 But their business was terrible.
 They had a huge negative profit from 20 and possibly 21.
 So, therefore, it's not expensive to purchase.
 So that was the background we bought.
 And also, this combination, machine 2 and the OKK,
 also help a lot to make a reducer for a robot as well.
 And this is also another one we believe extends very much
 from the future, the future there.
 So while we're making a destruction,
 Our idea is expanding.
 probably we need this company, we need this company, this company will help a lot to sell
 in China or USA. So, we will extend this idea for further, and then Ms. Nagamori is very
 to make this machine-tool division bigger on the needle.
 But go back to your first question, you know, original background and it's still background,
 not to sell outside, but to help internal business such as motor for EV or reducer for robot.
 That is backwards. Potentially, we can expand this to very strong.
 Narayasam, you could tell me if you have any additional comments?
 Yeah.
 And just to add a simple explanation on top of Mr. Saki's explain, direct machine tool
 is lineup is for more like larger size of machining center.
 Of course, one of the benefits that we get is gearing technology, but their product line
 is mainly on the high end.
 And on the other hand, OKK is very good at a mid-size
 small size machining setter.
 If we really try to be successful in the machining business,
 We need a product lineup, because we have to access all of the potential customers in
 everywhere.
 We cannot compete only one product in the very, very wide range of product competition.
 So that's why OKK is very essential to add such variety of line-up on top of NIDAC machine
 into, which is very good at a large-sized machining center.
 So this is also one of the biggest motivations for us to pursue OKK.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much
 We have a few more minutes to accommodate some questions and there seems to be a new question
 from Zack Pinoe on MMFG Securities America.
 Just please go ahead
 Good morning and good evening.
 Thank you for hosting this timely call once again.
 I have some questions on your production capacity for your e-axle.
 First of all, congratulations on reaching 20,000-mile production last month.
 And on the slide 13, I know you have this capacity to increase to 6 million units in
 F524. So, you know, rough calculation, that's about 500,000 units per month, that's, you
 or 25 times greater than the last month.
 So my two questions for me, one, based on your current customer inquiries, what is your
 expected or estimated order orders for E-axle in FY24.
 And now my second question is, when do you think the orders from non-Chinese auto companies
 We'll start to kick in.
 Thank you, like this is it speaking. Let me explain. First, if you are on page 13, you
 you know, please look at the graph on the right-hand side, blue by the capacity, that's
 your scene.
 And then green portion is actual current forecast
 of production volumes.
 So 3.5 million in 25.
 OK.
 And then we are not showing this green for 24, 23, 22.
 Your question was 24, but in 22, we are seeing about one million.
 And then we're expecting a very linear increase
 from 22 to 23, 24 and 25.
 So first question, first answer to your question,
 24, probably around 2.8 or 2.7 million.
 And then this 3.5 million was the number we announced
 We announced at the last financial announcement in October, actually this 3.8 already increased
 to 3.5 already increased to 3.8 by 300,000.
 So, you know, after discussion with Mr. Navamori,
 And we stopped to announce this volume increase
 because time by time, it's not so impactful.
 So instead, probably, we announced this volume increase
 by every half a year, yeah.
 So we didn't explain this time, but probably in April we explained.
 But time by time, this volume will increase.
 And then, that's why we are aiming double of capacities,
 Because one day, you know, this prepared capacity will be fulfilled and even customer
 want us to supply it, we have no room.
 Then we know 25 is a breaking point, you know, it looks a very steep curve, but for us, this
 This is still slow.
 After 25, a speed of increase for electrification will be even more accelerated.
 Therefore, we need spare capacity to absorb all of those opportunities.
 So that we are aiming and then we set this as a strategy.
 And this strategy is not a fast one.
 We had a very huge success for hard disk drive by exact same strategies.
 No.
 prepared capacity first and then demand come next. Actually, because we had capacity, demand came.
 If we didn't capacity, you know, everybody was slow and we are one of them and then we probably had to share those demand with our competitors.
 So to repeat that success again, we have this success, okay?
 And then, second question, European customers.
 I don't know if your question is excluding Stelantis, but we have Stelantis, therefore
 So our delivery to them starts from this Q2, coming Q2, 22 Q2s.
 So that's the first one, and then I don't know, we should really count scientists as
 one, but we supplied to Pujo's throw-ins and Fiat and Opus, and then now we are discussing
 with chrysalis as part of the studies and then that will come and then part of
 from studentis, two things I would like to explain.
 I cannot mention the real name, but last time we explained the type, customer type A, B, C.
 A is the stick to be holed, and
 C is non-stick, you know, they automatically outsource and B is like a hybrid, joint ventures,
 Yeah, Strant is the type B, but we are talking about this type A customer, actually we don't
 C, clear type C customer in Europe.
 there either type A or B and then type A customer
 start drifting to type A dash.
 A dash means, you know, they stick for final assembly,
 But they are abandoning to assemble motor itself or inverter itself or gear itself they purchase motor
 motor, inverter, and gasset from outside, and then they keep final assembly in their
 And then they probably, it's an enhanced traction motor, but anyway, we start to receiving the
 I left Q4 mortars and imbaratars for those.
 Therefore, after scientists, I think those parts business coming into the European side.
 I don't know what it is.
 No, I explained this partially last time as well, but because most of European OEM treating
 EV as core business, I think they put aside hybrid business.
 hybrid business becoming a non-core business from them and then they used to build a hybrid
 motor at in-house, or at least like a tier 1 suppliers.
 those shifting to us.
 So we are receiving a lot of order of hybrid.
 Hybrid is a bridging technologies, but it's not disappeared for another 10 years at least.
 It will not be increased, but I think as long as it continues, at least five years or six
 years.
 We can
 absorb it, and we can get the profit for those. So we are receiving a menu of
 hybrid motor, hybrid in-batter in Europe.
 Is that a good answer to your questions, Zach?
 Thank you.
 It's like, you know, very clear, very exciting.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 We still have a few more minutes, and I welcome your question.
 For those who want to direct your questions to senior management, please press star one
 at this moment.
 Okay, the next question is again from Mark Imogango and that this will be today's final
 Thank you for your question.
 Mark, please go ahead.
 Yes.
 Thanks again.
 I know this is a difficult topic to discuss, but do you have any comments on the Bloomberg
 articles that appeared on Monday about Chairman Nagamori and President Secki.
 Thank you Mark you know what I can tell is you know we don't have any gap
 between Nagamoriism or Mr. Nagamori's philosophy and my way. It's almost zero
 I'll get it.
 one millimeters.
 So, where I'm fully aligning and personally I respect him a lot, you know.
 And then, you know, he's very severe, and then he's my master.
 very natural master train his you know pupil be very strong so I think time by
 time he sometimes very harsh to me to put more output and then I am okay he's not
 telling me any wrong so we are fully aligning but you know first of all I
 I don't know why Bloomberg made that as an article,
 because Brumbawe is a tier one in the medias,
 And then I think content has many misreadings
 of our relationships, and then, you know, company,
 So, straight answer to your questions, I think there are no worries.
 We are still fully aligning and then at this moment I request Shim to take care of every
 job in Japan and then while we need a quick turn around from automotive divisions, key
 is turn around in operation in Germany and operation in Mexico.
 So I'm fully spending my time in Germany and Mexico.
 Actually, I'm attending this meeting from Germany.
 And then last week, I was in the Mexico zone.
 So he accepted me to spend more time in this Europe and Mexico.
 So maybe, because I am so absent in Japan,
 People may feel it's very strange, but everything under agreement between Nagamori and myself
 No misalignment, that's what I want to explain.
 Okay, just what's the issue in Mexico?
 It's same, it's automotive business and then we have a very, you know, slow operations
 in terms of overall efficiencies and scrap plates and people's trainings and qualities
 and inventories, you know, while we have a very strong need
 in Japan and China, Southeast Asia, it's a bit slow to transfer to Europe and then Mexico's.
 And then I'm Lee trained my people and then enhancement of business and then built a basic
 strength as manufacturers that we are doing and the Mexico is one of the
 Very helpful indeed, thank you.
 Mark, thank you very much.
 Now we'd like to conclude the conference call.
 I'd like to appreciate for your participation.
 Should you have any further questions?
 Please do not hesitate to contact NYDEK Corporation or your sales representatives at Mitsubishi
 Again, thank you.
 Orika-san, sorry, before we are fully closing, let me make a final remarks.
 Now, as Yokota-san explained, our Q3 accumulated cells reaching 1.4 trillion yen, and then
 Q3 cells itself is like a 0.5 to the unions.
 We updated our sales target last time
 to be a 1.9 to the union.
 And now it's become very positive.
 And then also in July, we announced Vision 2025 to be 4 trillion yen in 2025 as a very
 fast milestones, I committed 2 trillion yen by 22, which is another 0.1 trillion yen if
 We land 1.9 this year.
 So, territorial union is very reachable.
 And then as we explained through the electrification and robot, you know, we have a lot of source
 for further growth, and of course, M&A, particularly
 machine to build the ideas.
 it's very active so
 We will make a committed growth for next year, this year and next year, and then we will
 approaching what we targeted in vision 2025.
 So thanks for your support.
 But at this moment, we have a difficulty of material price
 and the material is upright.
 It's a very small thing.
 if we look at two years period or three years period,
 People don't point, it is.
 We have enough strength to grow.
 and then farm strategy to execute.
 So we will be there, and then we will not betray you,
 explore the expectations.
 That's a final remark from me.
 Sorry Yorika-san.
 Mr. Teki, thank you very much for your closing remarks.
 Again, I'd like to thank you for joining the conference call, and you may now disconnect.
 Thank you, everyone. See you next time. Bye-bye.
 Thank you