 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Merlin Properties, nine months
 2021 results call.
 At this time, all participants are in listen only mode until we'll conduct the question
 and answer session and instructions will be given at that time.
 to remind you all this conference call
 it's been recorded.
 I would now like to hand over to Ines Ariano.
 Yeah, no, please begin.
 and I'll be standing by.
 Thank you.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 Welcome and thank you for joining Merlin's 9-month 2021 trading update.
 We remind you that we will not be using additional materials in today's call other than the
 executive summary that we published last night.
 Our CEO is Mark Clemente.
 we walk you through the main highlights
 and then we will open the line for Q&A.
 Miguel Ollero, our COO, is also here with us for any questions that you may have.
 With no further delay, I pass the floor to Ismael.
 Thank you.
 Thank you Ines
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 And operationally, the quarter has been a relatively short one, given August, but the
 outcome has been very positive overall.
 we also have good visibility on the fourth quarter
 and year 2022.
 do. The top line of the company is clearly improving following COVID. Of course, we
 We have a dragging effect of the fresh house that will only flatten a little bit towards
 the event, but in this quarter, we are going to be able to do that, and we are going to
 are printing a negative like-for-like rental growth of minus 1.2, recovering one point
 from the situation in June.
 Our revenue figures are not yet capturing the inflation that we see, which in Spain is significant.
 also elsewhere in Europe
 We might be entering a period in which, for the first time in many years, we could have
 .
 positive prints in both indexation, occupancy growth, and release spreads in the coming
 coming months.
 We have continued providing some rent reliefs linked to COVID that total now 23.7 million
 with 4 million
 recorded in the quarter.
 again as always
 not straight line
 but simply recorded as a one-off expense.
 this is mainly
 given the fact that
 barcelona is taking longer than expected to recover owing to the absence of tourism
 Lisbon has been very slow
 in lifting the lockdown.
 I mean, we have had restrictive measures in shopping centers
 feel well advanced
 October, and we also
 have some lines of businesses, like, for example, Zinema, which continue heavily affected by
 the
 tail end of the pandemic
 fears.
 So, of course, we have continued protecting those clients.
 But the absolute figures, as you can see, are significantly diminishing as compared
 to what we experienced last year.
 rates
 are fantastic
 and when
 When we say non-eventful levels, that means 2.3% in shopping centers, which comes significantly
 down from
 class
 figures given that the level of
 zombification now is minimal.
 We have been very, very successful in replacing zombies by new healthy tenants,
 and we have done it in a more than one-to-one ratio
 because occupancy is growing.
 in offices and logistics when we say
 non-eventful means close to zero.
 So in terms of FFO per share, the production in the month has been slightly above $0.15,
 sense, which together with
 the 13 cents we produced
 in the first quarter
 and the 14 we produced in the second.
 Total, 0.43 as of September this year, which is a 2.3% increase compared to the first nine months of 2020.
 when
 combine apples to apples you should also take into account that the figures in
 2020 didn't include
 the staff
 compensation in full.
 So we are starting to remunerate back, at least at the short-term incentive level, the middle management of the company.
 And we cannot keep the same extraordinary measures we applied last year where everybody
 was simply receiving fixed salary.
 I mean, this year, people are doing an extraordinary job, and, you know, at least at the middle
 management level, they deserve some recognition by the company.
 So in the absence of that, or comparing apples to apples, it will have been 0.45 comparing
 to nine months, 2020.
 we are well on track
 to support the guidance for the Roseanne 21, which we maintain at 0.56 per share.
 I know there's been some debate
 regarding this, it would be simply very easy for us to update this guidance.
 guidance.
 reason why we don't do it is because while by signing contracts we have a very good visibility
 and can easily forecast occupancy levels in the three business areas
 in which the company operates, in terms of cash flow, we don't know whether, you know,
 a new strain of the bug coming from the Far East
 or that gives us a very
 bad Christmas campaign
 or the bankruptcy of a tenant may eventually damage us on the cash flow generation capacity.
 in the absence of any extraordinary
 effects.
 it is clear to any
 you know
 Um,
 of server that
 you know the
 the final print of cash flow for the year
 should be more in the region of 0.58.
 so you know
 if that serves as a new
 guidance, happy to provide it.
 No problem.
 We haven't conducted any re-evaluation in the period, so the NTA per share stands at
 15.69, which is one-and-a-half percent year-to-day, year-to-day above previous figure.
 In terms of business performance in offices, it's been a relatively busy period with more
 than 200,000 square meters contracted.
 We have a negative light for light of 2.1, mainly, as commented, given the dragging
 of a bad first half, but the release spread continues to be quite healthy at 4.8%.
 This is mainly a consequence of the delta between our passing rents and market, as you
 all know because
 we are just getting out of the woods in terms of weakness of the demand.
 I mean, as commented in a number of occasions, during the COVID period, the problem, at least in the Spanish market, has not been a problem of oversupply, has not been a problem of over-indeptiveness and distress of the office players.
 It's been mainly a blunder demand, which, by the way, seems to be correcting as we speak,
 because we have had a very busy
 third quarter, we are having
 a very busy fourth quarter and the agents the market agents are telling us that 2022 is going
 to be a year of very high activity in the office market.
 using Madrid as a proxy
 if the average take-up in the city
 gross take up
 because you know
 For next take-up, we need to recover the pre-COVID employment figures.
 that for gross take-up, if in a normal year we do 450,000 square meters, next year people
 is forecasting
 between 600 and 700,000 square meters.
 So it's going to be a year of very significant activity,
 And we hope to be, you know, profiting from that activity in order to continue filling
 up our
 our portfolio.
 the
 final
 occupancy of the quarter has been 89.4
 30 bits above previews, and the visibility towards the end points to around 90 percent
 occupancy. In order to go back to 21 that we posted in
 2020.
 need to wait to see what happens in 2021, in 2022, sorry, but it is clearly our goal
 to go back in 22 to the
 2020 figures
 at least.
 in
 logistics
 weeks.
 have contracted, again, more than 200,000 square meters with a like-for-like of only
 0.6% but this is owing to the occupancy drop we had in the first half when we cleaned up
 a number of temporary contracts we have, and one bankruptcy that has happened in the portfolio.
 Otherwise, the release spread has been 3.2%.
 Occupancy stands at 96.5%, trending to around 97 towards the end.
 so that is technically
 for the occupancy because of the
 always
 tenants that are moving in and out of their portfolio.
 In shopping centers, I am very pleased to see what has happened in the quarter, which
 you know provides also some um insight and and gives value to the decisions that we took during
 in the pandemic.
 I think.
 Yes, the like for like has been minus 0.6%, but the release spread has been 5.9%.
 people is accepting the step ups without significant problem and the, you know, the tone, the general
 tone with
 with the retailers
 is positive. I mean, they
 ocupan sick of
 ratio de OCR
 is
 very healthy
 at 12.4%, I mean, which is, you know, quite comfortable compared to what we have seen
 other people reporting across Europe.
 So people is happy and, as commented previously,
 is pain
 So, we are not having problems of collection in shopping centers and there is peace with
 all retailers also on the legal front, because as you know, we have very little litigation
 rising out of the COVID
 of the COVID period and the replacement of zombies that we have commented so many times
 with many of you
 very worried about what is the level
 of zombification
 and us providing you with figures with an analysis of the red flags, the yellow flags,
 the green flags and all that
 Thank God, it's becoming a thing of the past, of course, like in normal retail activity,
 We continue having concepts that do not fly, and as they do not fly, they need to close.
 But, you know, we are replacing those concepts with relative ease and the shopping centers remain very well occupied and function, you know, I would say very close to normal run rate.
 Yes, when you compare
 September
 to September you are
 minus 15% and minus 9% in sales.
 But you need to take into account that in September, we still have restrictions in Catalonia
 and particularly in Lisbon.
 So, when we look at these figures in the new quarter, in the fourth, they are going to
 be more in the
 mid-single-digit
 area.
 So very, very interesting to see the, you know, it's the encouraging recovery of the physical commerce, despite all what we have been talking for, you know, long time in this type, in this course, every quarter.
 Occupancy has recovered to 93.8%.
 it will trend
 to around 94% at the end of the year.
 it is very
 very difficult to go significantly
 up from this figure, because, as you know, we have one shopping center in the portfolio,
 which has a relatively low occupancy, and drags the whole average down.
 I mean, in the absence of that shopping center, we should be above 96.5, 97, so very close to full occupancy.
 and we have a number of shopping centers already in the portfolio
 which have waiting list
 in terms of tenants.
 Very importantly, in offices, there has been a silent effort to renew a number of big names,
 a number of big clients.
 this effort
 has resulted, of course, in – has taken a toll in terms of release spread, because
 we have in some cases we have you know given up a little bit in rent but what
 is clear is that the office world of the company has now been extended from 3.4 you know years in
 the six months, first six months of 2021, to around 3.7 in the, in, in, in, at present
 in nine months
 And although this might look like minimal, when translated into office rent
 backlog
 That is a lot of money.
 So we have moved from around 700 million backlog as of six months to more than 900 as of nine months.
 So the effort that the office team and the office listing team have been doing during the year in very difficult circumstances needs to be praised.
 well in terms of
 how the
 they
 quarter has evolved
 We proposed to the board of directors to start normalizing back a little bit the dividend
 policy of the company.
 The board has decided that 15 cents will be distributed against financial year 2021 with
 immediate effect. I mean, that is a payment to be expected around beginning of December.
 and the rest of the dividend
 will be paid after the financial orders meeting next year.
 I mean, when the final amount of dividend is approved, we are guiding to around $0.40
 of dividend in total, which for us, we are shareholders of the company, is a good outcome
 because we have guided to two years of flat 30 cents,
 But this year, we do not see any longer significant pressure on valuations, so we are not too
 too much a threat in terms of LTV, and as a consequence, given that we are generating
 back a lot of cash flow, it is fair that we share that cash flow with our shareholders.
 So you know that we operate under the Spanish Sosimi regime, the regime.
 So for those of you who are complaining that you don't want to receive dividend,
 and you want us to reinvest everything in highly attractive activities of the company,
 which is something we would love
 But you need to know that it is also good and healthy that the REIT distributes dividends.
 And so we are going back to a dividend distribution.
 I know one of the questions that you will make is on non-core divestment, as you know,
 We were relatively early in the year.
 We disposed of around 50% of our objectives for the year.
 We guided to between 150 and 200 million of non-core disposals.
 We have already affected around 109, but there is more to come between now and year-end and
 we expect to be in the upper end of the range or probably above the range in terms of total
 amount
 disposal moment in which
 we will move into more important disposals next year.
 that he's
 Basically, on my side, we are open to Q&A and happy to entertain your questions.
 Thank you.
 Operator, can you please open the line for Q&A?
 Yes, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to register for questions, you can press star 1 on your telephone keypad. Once again, that's star 1 on your telephone keypad to register for questions and the hash or pound key to cancel.
 So, once again, that's top one to register for questions and the hash and prompt me to cancel.
 So our first question comes in line of Fernando Avril from Alantra.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Hello. Thank you very much for the presentation. I have three questions, if I may. First is
 some occupancy in offices.
 So, I don't know.
 So you've improved your outlook for the year.
 I would like to know the drivers behind this.
 I don't know if
 existing
 clients are wanting to increase their
 Lease space or new clients or any specific market that is outperforming.
 I don't know, and the drivers would be very helpful.
 and also link to this, just to clarify.
 So you are forecasting occupancy to grow in 22 from 90 percent levels.
 So that is the first question.
 then the second question is on retail
 i don't know if you have any update on on how uh...
 When renegotiations are going, you provided some detail in the previous quarter.
 I don't know if
 is there anything new
 and then last question is
 with regards
 inflation. So I don't know if you
 can comment a bit on this topic
 both on the top line and cost side.
 I don't know if you have rental caps or not.
 and also
 I don't know if utilities
 tend to recharge
 those costs to
 clients or not
 and I don't know if you have any
 forecast of
 at an OEI level
 for the next year considering current inflation.
 Thank you.
 Okay, Fernando.
 Well, regarding office occupancy, the main drivers that we see is basically increases
 in the future.
 space by existing
 clients
 and a number of, you know, new fill-ups that we have done during the quarter.
 notably
 and it will be more visible next year,
 we see some
 increased activity in the
 so much demeaned A1 corridor.
 Why is that?
 Is this a mystery?
 No, I believe there is people who is already acting in advance of the major infrastructure
 works, which are being carried, as we speak, by the Municipality of Madrid.
 So the A1 corridor is clearly improving.
 I mean, just in this year, we have been able to sign close to 14,000 square meters in the A1 corridor.
 So, you know, it's quite encouraging because this is an area which has caused us many headaches in the past.
 We have always bet on that area because we thought the future of Madrid was revolving around that area when the Operación Chamartín was carried out.
 The future of the Operación San Martín is closer and closer in the horizon.
 The municipality has started to re-infrastructure the area.
 .
 And this is provoking much more tenant interest in the area because, you know, it is evident
 to any external observer
 that this is the area in which there is more
 office concentration around Madrid
 and office concentration is an attractive point in itself
 because it provides the possibility of meeting other people
 that work in other offices.
 So, you know, it's, you know, being completely dispersed in the city is not necessarily what
 what tenants like.
 In terms of retail, well, the rent that we are renewing forward 2022 to 2025, we commented
 and decided to make a new product.
 The situation remains the same.
 saying that the growth to net had worsened.
 I mean, we used to have a growth to net of 4%, and we were able to have a growth to net
 you know,
 That has been a relatively stable historical average.
 And as of today, the contracts that we are signing, Forward 22, are starting with already
 with some incentives that have
 taken
 those
 post-contracts to a gross-to-net leakage of around 14%.
 And so this is why we were commenting on a number of occasions that we see a real
 rent reduction in the region of 10% as we speak, but in the form not of lower nominal
 rent.
 the form of bonuses, which, as you know, if you are familiar with it, you can see it in
 with shopping centers, those can be withdrawn over time.
 so we like what we see
 Because remember, in many occasions when we have been discussing about what would be the
 effect of e-commerce on the physical retail.
 We have in many, many occasions talked about a future or new normal in the future of around
 minus 20%.
 uh it it looks at least for now it looks that this
 The new normal is more in the region of minus 10.
 and in the form of bonifications of rent,
 which, you know,
 may point towards a lower number
 as the tenant sales
 stabilize and they are
 stabilizing. I mean, we are seeing a number
 of our shopping centers
 four in this quarter
 but more to come in the next quarter, which are already selling more than in 2019,
 which is extremely positive
 it looks like
 The lion's share of the effect of the bigger e-commerce penetration is being taken by high
 retail.
 So shopping centers, particularly good urban shopping centers
 or good dominant shopping centers are defending themselves reasonably better
 than we all expected from the threat of online commerce.
 regarding inflation
 top lane versus
 cost.
 Look, in a company like this, I don't want to be too positive because, of course, inflation is not a nice thing in itself.
 But in a company like this, inflation has a big effect
 because on the top line
 one thing I can tell you is that
 100% of the rent
 of the company are indexed to inflation.
 people these days
 is now
 starting to ask
 what is the elasticity of the tenant to accept inflation hikes.
 These are the same people that thought we would only collect 50% of our rents, and the
 same people who probably thought
 work-from-home would be 50%, and the retail armageddon will hit hard.
 I mean
 the reality is that
 It is much more dangerous to get inflation in your top line
 when you are operating in a city
 where rings
 are already significantly
 inflated.
 In Madrid, as compared to base 100 2007, we are currently at 75.80, taking prime as a proxy of the average of the market.
 So being at 75, 80, most of the effect of inflation will be a catch-up effect compared to the previous peak.
 In the cities where rents are already 130% of the previous peak,
 I would worry more about inflation because that will create a very significant effect
 in the rental levels.
 we think
 it's going to be
 at least we are going to enjoy
 for the first time
 In many years, we are going to enjoy a positive effect from indexation in the coming months.
 We have been always obtaining real growth in rent with positive release spreads,
 But almost for the last two, three years, we have always posted negative inflation prints.
 So for the first time, we are going to start, let's say, enjoying, if I can use the word, inflation.
 Well, in the case of the BBVA contract, which is also the subject of many questions by analysts,
 Well, you have seen the inflation print of the advanced indicator provided by Eurostat
 of the HICP of October, which is 4.1%.
 I mean, unless this figure is changed when they release the final data on the 17th of November,
 that will mean an adjustment in rent to BBVA in the region of 6.1, 6.15%,
 which is moving from
 79 million
 to around $0.84, which is one cent of extra cash flow for the company next year.
 In terms of how this is affecting our costs, yes, there has been a big problem with utilities, but as you know, utilities are 100% rechargeable to tenants.
 So, in reality, the net effect you suffer is only the effect of your vacancy.
 So, of course, the utilities applied to your vacant space, you have to swallow that effect,
 that this is minimal as compared to
 the fact that, you know, for the rest
 of your space and remember
 a portfolio overall
 overall
 because you
 We always tend to focus only in offices, but the portfolio overall is occupied at 94 percent,
 So we tend to recharge the extra energy costs to clients.
 There is also inflation in CAPEX, and this is just by chance.
 I mean, it's not that we saw that inflation coming, but we are lucky because most of the
 cafex we have to do is already behind us.
 I mean, we have finished with a very expensive flagship program.
 we have finished
 CAPEX-ing
 in all of our shopping centers.
 We have finished with most of our office building refreshments.
 There is only one which is being done at present.
 and yes
 in
 logistics
 weeks, we were a little bit scared because we saw hiking prices still, but since the
 peak…
 They have significantly receded, and now, you know, the cost of construction in logistics
 is back to more normal levels.
 So, you know, it's not very highly intensive in man hours.
 so you know
 if
 there is salary inflation
 there will not be so much translation
 into the
 logistics
 deconstruction cost.
 So we are, in principle, okay in terms of inflation.
 the top line of the company
 will clearly grow and
 we will create a very significant cushion
 as compared to our debt service
 because our debt service, as you know, is flat.
 I mean, we have it hedged for the next six years, and, you know, we will create a very significant buildup in the top line that will help us overcome whatever happens with rates six years down the road.
 So, you know, not so bad, of course.
 you need to take into account that
 At the end, rents tend to be linked to productivity, so when there is a high inflation period,
 Normally, there are some rental adjustments following that inflationary period, but we have managed those situations in the past.
 I mean, we know that all in all, net, net, net, you normally end up being winner in those situations,
 and there is abundant, particularly very good research in this regard.
 I was recently reading Morgan Stanley, Bargeisen, providing some clarity on the behavior of
 companies in the last 50
 years with very interesting
 That's, that's a good thing.
 data collection of the last 50 years
 And, you know, yes, you have a problem at the beginning, but normally people get accustomed to the new situation.
 Thank you very much.
 It's a pleasure.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, once again to register for questions is the Hatshaw prompt and the
 number one to register
 for questions
 So start one to reach the full questions.
 we have a new question
 and he comes in line of board
 Gaysen from Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
 Hi, Ismail. It's Bart from Morgan Stanley.
 Thank you for the presentation
 I just wanted to follow up on your comments on the bank branches.
 You highlighted how you'll be able to increase the rent probably by more than 6% in January.
 this must be the most opportune time
 that we've seen for a long time to sell these assets
 and if they are indeed not very core to your portfolio
 and you haven't really spoken much about it in the release.
 They are not very core to you, as you've highlighted in the past.
 You've mentioned before that you've had received some interest from potential buyers.
 what is your
 What is Merlin's strategy around those assets for the next 6 to 12 months?
 Thank you.
 Okay, Bart, we have been receiving now sufficient and very credible interest on the portfolio.
 so yes
 we are going to get serious
 I mean, we are finishing a number of disposals between now and year-end.
 there is some work to do
 in order to make sure we achieve the disposal,
 total disposal goal of 2021 and following that we are going to move into
 to full focus regarding this portfolio.
 As you know, that portfolio vocationally, because its bank branches is not 100% core
 to us.
 We have received significant interest and very serious on this portfolio and we now
 have enough data points to know more or less where the pricing could be.
 have been working also on a number of things that might, you know, be too much of a detail,
 But in reality, one thing we discovered is that the people who are very good at discounting cash flows, very, I would say competitive at discounting cash flows, normally has no clue of what to do with the real estate at the end and vice versa.
 the people who does want
 the real estate because they think the real estate
 It is great.
 normally is not very
 competitive
 in terms of discounting cash flows.
 So now we have, besides, let's say, the normal way of execution, which is fire and forget,
 which is sell the whole thing and go fishing,
 We have also created a structure which allows a certain decoupling of both situations.
 So the entity that buys cash flow from the entity that wants the real estate so they can team up in one single buyer and buy from us with each party taking what they need.
 So, with that, now fully developed and tested, tested with tax authorities, tested with the
 the auditor and with the market.
 we are going to move into execution mode.
 i won't
 uh...
 nail down myself by
 providing any date
 of execution
 and or figures because we have painfully learned in the past that this creates a lot of tension
 and in all calls
 people is discussing whether we should be
 getting these or these plus 3% or these minus 5% and, you know, we don't want to entertain
 such discussions.
 It is a very important sale for the company.
 on the positive and on the negative side, because we are saying,
 we will be saying goodbye to a very significant source of stable income.
 but on the other side
 It is a fantastic opportunity to deleverage the company
 to levels absolutely unseen by us in the past
 and more in line with our UK peers,
 which I believe makes sense in the current environment
 because it will also provide the company with the freedom and the flexibility
 to execute on any project it might need to execute in the future.
 most notably
 we will have enough muscle
 to develop all of our data center program, which is a lot of money, but a very hefty
 It returns.
 And, you know, it will provide us with the possibility to continue developing our greenfield
 logistics program
 till the end
 till we run out
 of land bank
 suitable for logistics.
 So, you know, we are now seriously considering these.
 Weep.
 Should be expected to move into execution at some point.
 I will not provide any dates or target figures because it will be simply suicidal on my side.
 So, but, you know, I know that this is very important for you.
 I know your
 uh...
 your stance regarding these and I know your critics about the glacial pace at which we
 take decisions, but
 be assured that the only
 reason why we take decisions at glacial pace is because we want to ensure the best execution
 impossible.
 We cannot run this company, you know, now left, then right, then center, then forward.
 I mean, we need to make sure that we obtain the best possible execution from this asset,
 which is a very, very important asset for the company.
 that's very clear
 Thank you very much.
 You will come back.
 Our next question comes along with Clark Marfesson from Clarence Capital.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Hi there, good afternoon. I also had a question on BBVA so it's already been answered very
 Clearly, perhaps just leading on from that, you mentioned leverage or potential to de-leverage
 the business, I'm just wondering
 of what your aspirational leverage level would look like.
 and if that would also
 and you'll mind feed into the credit ratings.
 And the last point, last question I have is in early 2022, you have a maturity on the bomb structure, 600 million in April.
 I'm just wondering, putting aside the potential disposals, what your plans for that would
 be?
 refinance that or just uh repay it out of existing liquidity
 Okay.
 Um, fantastic.
 Okay, look, regarding the LTV goal, our true LTV goal, the one that we were ambitioning
 to get
 was something
 Below 36%, more or less.
 this is what we were
 training too
 when we were caught
 by the COVID-19 pandemic.
 we were going
 little by little
 of course
 this transaction
 would allow us
 to get there
 in one
 split second
 but certainly
 we would like to be
 leveraged between
 at this point
 in the cycle between 35-36% max.
 Certainly with the transaction,
 will go below, but that would give us also some extra muscle to do some other things,
 which in turn will generate new value
 that will also help reduce our leverage.
 In terms of what would be the effect on rating, frankly speaking, I have no idea.
 I mean, we live in Spain, and rating agencies tend to be a little racist in that respect.
 So, you know, with similar KPIs to us, we have many peers in Europe which score BBB+.
 So I hope that with the injection of capital that that sale will provide,
 we should go at least to
 triple V plus, but you never know
 Because in reality, you know, blaming the Spanish macro, blaming the sovereign cap, or blaming, I don't know, sometimes you get where you want, sometimes you don't get there.
 But in any case, whether rating or not rating, at least I believe the market will appreciate
 the fact that our debt-treated level goes down very significantly, LTV goes down, interest
 cover will significantly improve so, you know, at the end this is always important for the
 Regarding the debt maturity in May 2022, it will be paid in cash.
 I mean, we have the cash ready at the bank account
 and are also piling up cash for the upcoming one in 2023.
 So, we told the market that we will be paying those maturities in the case of 22, we will
 paid as soon as we can
 because cash today is costing us money.
 And the one in 23, eventually, particularly, if we improve our rating, we would certainly
 look to refinancing it
 because, you know, the last refinancing that we have done,
 even in the middle of the pandemic
 has represented an advantage of more than 100 BIPs in financial cost, which is already
 noticeable in this quarter.
 I mean, many people are asking us why the financial burden has gone so low.
 And one of the reasons is because our cost of debt now is lower than it was in the past.
 Okay, great.
 Thank you very much.
 And our next question comes from the line of Ignacio, Carl Zahal from Carfisio.
 please go ahead with your question
 my questions have now been answered
 So thank you very much.
 Okay, Ignacio, thank you.
 And our next question comes online of Alvaro Soleano from Exxon BNP Paribas.
 Hello, thank you for the presentation, Ismar.
 I'm thinking in 2022, what sort of CapEx quantum is budgeted for next year, also including investments.
 That would be my first question.
 and then um can we have some color on on the bidding process of the logistic
 plots adjacent to Madrid Airport and also I wonder if the BBVA portfolio disposal will
 wait until maryland is potentially awarded with that leasehold uh in the airport or you plan to
 dispose bba even if you don't get um those plots and also linked with the bba disposal
 What sort of buyers are interested on that asset in terms of our pension plans
 or what sort of money is looking for those assets,
 Having in mind that BBVA also has the right to match the offer that any potential buyer will make on the portfolio.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Well, regarding the 2022 CAPEX, we are currently in the process of defining the exact amount that will be budgeted for next year.
 I can tell you
 that it will be matched
 exactly with the
 proceed that we expect
 to receive from
 sales of
 In some cases, the negotiations are already underway, so we will make sure that sources
 and uses match
 As we have always done, in fact, this year, we are going to do a lot of work in the future.
 going to have slightly more sources than uses.
 So we will carry on to the next year a certain extra amount
 that can be employed in further capex for the company.
 And regarding the AENA plot, the process is highly competitive.
 and for us in reality
 it has nothing to do
 with the BBVA decision.
 I mean, maybe you are referring to DCM, to Madrid Nuevo Norte, which is somehow linked
 also to BDBA.
 in the case of
 Madrid Nuevo Norte
 there are no news
 on the operational side
 we continue to work
 hand-in-hand with BBVA
 to our satisfaction
 I mean, the underlying business is going very well.
 In July, we obtained the signature of the infrastructure convention with the framework
 agreement with all the public authorities which are involved in the development.
 so after that
 which was the second
 condition precedent
 a
 according to the contract with the National Railroad Authority, we moved into formally
 requesting
 the transmission of the land
 from the
 national
 regular authority.
 The
 The term to obtain the transmission of the land will be by year-end, however, with a
 high probability, we believe the National Railway Authority will request a little extension
 till May next year
 and if that is the case
 the transmission of the lamp
 will operate in May next year.
 as soon as we receive the land
 from the National Railway Authority
 the process of the project
 will start
 And at our current participation level, which is 14.5%,
 CAPEX in this project, as we have demonstrated in a number of occasions, is relatively meaningless
 to us.
 shouldn't be a
 concern for investors because
 you know
 the
 the transmission or the purchase of the land
 meets CAPEX
 usage on our side of
 $40 million, more or less, a little less, with soft costs, et cetera.
 the capitalization of the vehicle company
 should be 45, 47 million more or less,
 which is something that we have in our budget
 and we take into account of course
 when considering CAPEX for next year.
 And this is completely not linked to the decision on the branch portfolio disposal,
 disposal because at the end, you know, both things are not necessarily related.
 I mean, the only reason why we wanted to increase a little bit our percentage
 in the transaction is because we feel we are bringing some value added to the table
 And we thought it would be good in view of that value added to have a certain more
 outsized return.
 I mean, so, you know, bringing a lot of value added and getting 15% return is one thing.
 get, you know,
 bringing
 value out to the table and getting 35% return is a completely different thing.
 So that was all of our, let's say, ambition in that regard.
 many people
 ask us
 about the arbitration process
 Well, the arbitration process is pending the final appointment of an arbitrator, and when
 this happens, which will happen before the year-end, the arbitral will have five months
 to issue the decision.
 So, you know, by end of first half next year,
 this will be resolved
 whether in favor of BBVA or in favor of us, you know, it's a law.
 So we will abide by whichever decision is taken by the arbitral.
 For the time being, at least we obtained the injection,
 So at least the modification of the bylaws couldn't be inscribed in the mercantile register.
 So we are protected for the time being, but we will wait till the finalization of the arbitrage to see what is the final outcome.
 the situation or the relationship with BVA remains professional.
 we continue working together in the subject matter which is the one that
 that really matters in the development of DCN, and we continue working with them to
 satisfaction with them and with the company in which the investment is vehicleed.
 So this is what I can tell you.
 And then you asked me about potential buyers for the BBA.
 look
 expanding on
 what I
 I told Bart, we will not enter into this kind of discussion.
 You can imagine which kind of investors we are talking about, particularly when I said
 about separating the cash flows
 from the ownership
 so you know why we are doing this
 to obtain the best execution possible of the transaction
 because we know
 the intrinsic value of the real estate
 and you know
 if need be, one of the
 potential outcomes that we have in some cases considered is simply keeping the ownership of the
 assets ourselves because we have no problem with that. It will be a gift to whoever manages this
 company in here to do so
 40.
 that the reason why we have separated
 is precisely to facilitate execution
 by a certain type of investors
 who are particularly competitive in terms of cash flow and discount.
 Okay, thanks, Ismael.
 Maybe I didn't ask the question in the right way.
 regarding BBA disposal.
 I was trying to understand how Merlin will recycle their proceeds from that portfolio when it eventually comes.
 and the three options to me are
 an upload, increasing your stake
 on DCN or going full
 speed, uh,
 in that data centers.
 So between those three options,
 leaving aside the debt repayment, which one is your preferred one?
 data centers
 and Greenfield Logistics.
 I mean, basically,
 our biggest yield-on-cost fields of activity.
 Temporarily, of course, that lump sum will be used to reduce death, but over time, as
 we can start with leveraging a little bit, the ultimate use of that money will be mainly
 the data center program, which for us
 is crucial for the future of the company.
 There will also be some external distribution to shareholders because, as you know, there
 is the Spanish
 read legislation
 and the Spanish SOCINI legislation is clear in that respect.
 So there will also be some extraordinary dividend to shareholders arising from that disposal.
 perfect now very very clear thank you very much thank you
 have it all.
 Again, ladies and gentlemen, to register your question,
 candy press
 stop one
 on your
 telephone
 keypad
 Once again, install one on your telephone keypad to register for questions.
 I think we have a follow-up question coming from the line of Fernando.
 So, everyone from Malantra, please go ahead.
 Now, sorry, my question has already been answered.
 Thank you.
 No problem, Fernando.
 Thank you, Fernando.
 So our following question comes from Lionel Ventron, Parapolo from Santa Lucia.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, good afternoon everybody. Congratulations for the hard work and the nice numbers.
 Just regarding, I think you were answering, Ismael, regarding capital and recycle, you said it was a question, AENA, Distrito Castellanorte, data centers, or Greenfield Logistics.
 Maybe seeing that, let's say, the values of all your assets are resisting quite well
 or maybe they'll start going up sometime.
 It's no questions about buybacks.
 it's you're talking about
 green fields and the logistic and data center.
 that's very good
 but how about buying your share at a 40% discount
 and really showing that your assets are not going down, but maybe up.
 And then let's say it's a no-brainer.
 When is this company going to start talking about the survey backs?
 Beltran, look, first, this is a decision of our board directors, but the problem is that
 in Spain, it is not
 irrelevant like it will be
 in an Anglo-Saxon country to do a special dividend for a buyback.
 So, in our case, the eventual sale of a large number of assets, like, for example,
 the portfolio we were commenting
 will generate
 the need
 to distribute to shareholders a certain amount of money.
 If we were to use that certain amount of money
 to do a buyback it will be a monster buyback fantastic but it cannot be done legally so we
 we will need to distribute that amount of extra dividend to investors by way of law.
 So, it is arguable whether it is better to distribute a lot of money to your shareholders,
 loyal shareholders
 who are with you
 in the shareholding list of the company or it is better to do a share buyback to the
 shareholders who want to exit the company so that, yes, you accrete the figures of the
 one who will remain.
 yes but
 legally it's not
 I mean, there is no point.
 We cannot do it.
 we have to distribute an extra dividend.
 Yes, but not only about the divestments, when you're alone too early, you will go down.
 of course we have to get back
 a certain amount
 of
 Let's see.
 divestments, but you also could
 I've seen a gross cash position of nearly 800 million.
 why not start a little buyback
 and show the market that the value of your assets are there,
 of this. Never, never
 and talking about them.
 Sir, bye-bye.
 Beltrán, Luke,
 our
 Our non-core disposals have already shown to the market that assets are fairly valued.
 because even in the middle of the pandemic
 And in the worst moment, we have been disposed at or above GAD figures.
 So the market, for some reason, is refractory to that information.
 even if we dispose now
 a large amount of assets of the company, and we do it above book value, do you think the
 market will really care.
 maybe they don't care.
 so we can continue
 cannibalizing the company
 till we end up with zero assets
 and selling everything
 above MAV
 and still
 I don't know whether the market will notice or not notice.
 So, what we are trying to, frankly speaking, if I have to give you my opinion, the shared
 price rating will be immediate I mean there will be no need to artificially
 increase the price
 which is at the end what you are referring to.
 But you are asking me, why don't you artificially raise the price of the share through a buyback?
 and look
 What I tell you is that I believe
 that if I do what I am telling you
 we should be capable of doing
 the re-rating in the share price
 will be immediate with no need
 to do it through a buyback.
 In my opinion, Ismael, all the shareholders pay the management team money to add value
 to, let's say, the industrial way, as you always have done, but also to add value in
 financial way.
 so i really do not agree that this is creating very artificial value because it's it creates a
 a lot of value to buy, let's say, shares at, let's say, 40% discount to amortize that.
 And let's say maybe in 10 years, instead of having, let's say, a one and a half percent, maybe I have a three percent.
 I don't know
 maybe you
 you want to
 For us, for us, really loyal shareholders have been supporting this company through the tough times.
 I think that they deserve to really, let's say, have more piece of the cake without putting more money.
 So really, I don't know who decides that, but we would really like a little buyback.
 and if the component does not reflect it, the surprise, more of a buyback.
 Because it's nonsense.
 15-17 against
 in that 96
 it's really
 a no-brainer.
 I have all my
 net worth invested in this company
 and I have been a
 financial investor for many, many years.
 So I have, I know the business of depleting the capital figure of companies.
 I know this business
 But, you know, I believe it will be unnecessary anyway.
 it is opinable like everything
 and we can
 I am happy to discuss with you
 I know you particularly like the buybacks.
 I am happy to discuss with you
 one-on-one whenever you want
 because we live in the same city
 so we can meet and discuss
 and probably there is no need to enter into a theoretical discussion
 about buybacks in this forum
 because it will be, I think it doesn't make sense.
 Okay, thank you. Thank you very much for the answers. I appreciate the hard work. Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Operator, can you please let us know if there's
 Any other questions you'd like?
 We appear to have no further question at this point.
 Okay. Well, in that case, we thank you all for joining today's 9-month 2021 trading update.
 as always we remain at your disposal
 for any further questions.
 And, you know, if somebody needs a one-on-one meeting, please do not hesitate to come back to us.
 Thank you very much.
 Have a good weekend.
 ladies and gentlemen
 thank you for your participation today
 this concludes today's conference
 You may now disconnect your lines.
 Thank you.
 Okay.