 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Merlin Properties Nine Months
 to 1021 results call.
 At this time, our participants are missing only more
 until we'll conduct the question and answer session, and instructions will be given at
 that time. Just to remind you all this conference call has been recorded. I would not like to
 to hand over to Ines Ariano.
 Please begin.
 I'll be standing by.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome and thank you for joining Merlin's
 nine months, twenty-fenty-one trading update, will remind you that we will not be using
 additional materials in today's call, other than the expected summary that we published
 plus 9.
 Our CEO, Ismael Clemente, will walk you through the main highlights, and then we will open
 in the line for Q&A.
 yellow-yellow or COO is so-so here with us for any questions that you may have.
 With no further delay, I pass the floor to Ismael. Thank you.
 Thank you in this. Good afternoon, everyone.
 Operationally, the quarter has been a relatively short one given August, but the outcome has
 being very positive overall.
 And we also have good visibility on the fourth quarter.
 I'm year 2022.
 The top line of the company is clearly improving following COVID.
 Of course, we have a dragging effect of the first house that will only flatten a little
 it towards the end. But in this quarter, we are printing a negative like for like rental
 growth of minus 1.2, recovering one point from the situation in June.
 Revenue figures are not yet capturing the inflation that we see, which in Spain is significant,
 also elsewhere in Europe, we might be entering a period in which
 For the first time in many years, we could have positive print in both indexation, occupancy
 growth and really spread in the coming months.
 problems.
 have continued providing some rent reliefs linked to COVID that total now 23.7 million
 with four million recorded in the quarter.
 Again, as always, not straight line.
 That's simply recorded as a one-off expense.
 This is mainly given the fact that Barcelona is taking longer
 than expected to recover, owing to the absence of tourism.
 Lisbon has been very slow in lifting the lockdown.
 I mean, we have had restrictive measures
 in shopping centers until well-advanced October.
 And we also have some lines of businesses like, for example,
 cinemas, which continue heavily affected by the tail end of the pandemic fears.
 So, of course, we have continued protecting those clients.
 But the absolute figures, as you can see, are significantly diminishing as compared
 to what we experienced last year.
 Collection rates are fantastic.
 And when we see, when we say non-eventful levels,
 That means 2.3% in shopping centers, which comes significantly down from past figures
 given that the level of zombification now is minimal.
 We have been very, very successful in replacing zombies by new healthy penance and we have
 done it in a more than one-to-one ratio because occupancy is growing in offices and logistics
 when we say non-eventful means goes to zero.
 So, in terms of FFO per share, the production in the month has been slightly above $0.15,
 which together with the 13 cents we produced in the first quarter and the 14 we produced
 in the second, total 0.43 as of September this year, which is a 2.3% increase compared
 to the first nine months of 2020.
 when compiling apples to apples,
 you should also take into account that the figures
 in 2020 didn't include the staff compensation in full.
 So we are starting to remunerate back at least
 at the short-term incentive level.
 the middle management of the company.
 we cannot keep the same extraordinary measures
 we applied last year, where everybody was simply receiving fixality, and this year, people
 is doing an extraordinary job and, you know, I'm pleased at the middle management level
 they deserve some recognition by the company.
 And so, in the absence of that, comparing apples to apples,
 it would be very difficult for us to do that.
 have been 0.45 comparing to 9 months 2020. We are well on track to surpass the guidance
 for 2021.
 which we might not be able to do,
 maintained at .56 per share.
 I know there's been some debate regarding this.
 It would be simply very easy for us to update these guidance.
 The only reason why we don't do it
 is because while by signing contracts,
 We have a very good visibility and can easily forecast occupancy levels in the three business
 areas in which the company operates, in terms of cash flow, we don't know whether, you
 you know, a new strain of the bag coming from the forest or that gives us a very bad Christmas
 campaign or the bankruptcy of a tenant, you know, may eventually, you know, damage us
 on the cash flow generation capacity.
 the absence of any extraordinary effects, it is clear to any observer that the final
 print of cash flow for the year should be more in the region of 0.58, so, you know, if that
 that serves as a new guidance.
 Happy to provide it.
 No problem.
 We haven't conducted any reevaluation in the period.
 So the NTA per share stands at 15.69, which is one and a half percent
 year to day, year to day above previous figure.
 In terms of business performance, in offices it's been a relatively busy period with more
 and 200,000 square meters contracted.
 We have a negative like for like of 2.1 mainly as commented given the dragging effect of
 a bad first health. But the release spread continues to be quite healthy at 4.8%. This
 This is mainly a consequence of the delta between our passing
 rent and market, as you all know, because we are just getting
 out of the woods in terms of weakness of the demand.
 I mean, as commented in a number of occasions,
 during the COVID period, the problem at least in the Spanish market has not been a problem
 of a supply has not been a problem out of over-infectedness and the stress of the office
 players. It's been mainly a blunder demand, which, by the way, seems to be correcting
 as we speak, because we have had a very busy third quarter.
 We are having a very busy fourth quarter and the agents, the market agents are telling
 us that 2022 is going to be a year of very high activity in the office market.
 I mean, using Madrid as a proxy, if the average take-up in the city grows take-up, because,
 you know, for next take-up, we need to recover
 the pre-COVID employment figures for gross take-ups,
 If in a normal year, we do 450,000 square meters,
 Next year, people is forecasting between 600,000 and 700,000 square meters.
 So it's going to be a year of very significant activity.
 And we hope to be, you know, profiting from that activity in order to continue filling
 up our portfolio.
 Thank you.
 The final occupancy of the quarter has been 89.4, 30 bits above previous, and the visibility
 towards year end points to around 90% occupancy in order to go back to 21 that we posted in
 in 2020, we need to wait to see what happens in 2021.
 In 22, sorry, but it is clearly our goal to go back in 2022 to the 2020 figures, at least.
 In logistics, we have contracted, again, more than 200,000 square meters, with a like-for-like
 of only 0.6% but this is owing to the occupancy drop we have in the first half and we cleaned
 up a number of temporary contracts we have and one bankruptcy that has happened in the
 in the portfolio.
 Otherwise, the risk spread has been 3.2 percent.
 occupancy stands at 96.5 percent, trending to around 97 towards the end.
 So that is technically full occupancy because there is always tenants that are moving in
 in and out of the portfolio.
 In shopping centers, I am very pleased to see what has happened in the quarter, which
 provides also some insight and gives value to the decisions that we took during the pandemic.
 Yes, the like for like has been minus 0.6 percent, but the release spread has been 5.9, people
 is accepting the step-ups without significant problem.
 And the, you know, the tone, the, you know, tone with, with the retailers is positive.
 I mean, the occupancy cost ratio of the OCR is very healthy at 12.4%, which is, you know,
 quite comfortable compared to what we have seen other people reporting across Europe.
 So people is happy, and as commented previously, is pain.
 So we are not having problems of collection in shopping centers.
 and there is peace with all retailers,
 also on the legal front, because as you know,
 we have very little litigation arising out of the COVID period,
 and the replacement of zombies that we have
 commented so many times with many of you very worried about what is the level of
 of zombification and us providing you with figures with an analysis of the red flag, the
 the yellow flags, the green flags, and all that.
 Thanks God it's becoming a thing of the past.
 of course, like in normal retail activity,
 We continue having concepts that do not fly.
 And as they do not fly, they need to close.
 But, you know, we are replacing those concepts with relative ease and the shopping centers
 remain very well occupied.
 and function, you know, I would say very close to normal run rate.
 Yes, when you compare, September to September, you are minus 15%.
 and minus 9% in sales.
 In fact, you need to take into account that in September, we still have restrictions
 in Catalonia and particularly in Lisbon.
 So when we look at these figures in the new quarter,
 in the fourth, they are going to be more in the mid-single-digit area.
 So very, very interesting to see the, you know, it's the encouraging recovery of the
 the physical commerce despite all what we have been talking for, you know, longer time
 in this type, in this course, every quarter.
 occupancy has recovered to 93.8 percent, it will trend to around 94 percent at the end
 of the year, it is very, very difficult to go significantly up from this figure because
 As you know, we have one shopping center in the portfolio, which has a relatively low
 occupancy and drags the whole average down.
 I mean, in the absence of touch shopping center, we should be above 96 and a half, 97, so very
 close to full occupancy, and we have a number of shopping centers already in the portfolio,
 have waiting list in terms of tenets.
 Importantly, in offices, there's been a silent effort to renew a number of big names, a number
 of big clients.
 This effort has resulted, of course, and has taken a toll in terms of release spread because
 We have, in some cases, we have, you know, given up a little bit in rent, but what is
 clear is that the office world of the company has now been extended from 3.4 years in the
 six months, first six months of 2021 to around 3.7 in the present, in nine months.
 And although this might look like minimal, when translated into office rent, that is
 a lot of money. So we have moved from around 700 million backlog as of six months to more
 than 900 as of nine months.
 So the effort that the office team and the office
 listening team have been doing during the year in very difficult circumstances needs
 to be praised.
 Well, in terms of how the quarter has evolved, we proposed to the Board of Directors to
 start normalizing back a little bit the dividend policy of the company.
 The board has decided that 15 cents will be distributed against financial year 2021 with
 immediate effects.
 I mean, that is a payment to be expected around the beginning of December.
 And the rest of the dividend will be paid
 We'll answer all those meeting next year.
 I mean, when the final amount of dividend is approved,
 we are guiding to around $0.40 of dividend in total,
 which for us, we are shareholders of the company, is a good outcome because we have guided to
 two years of flat 30 cents, but this year we do not see any longer significant pressure
 on valuations, so we are not too much afraid in terms of LTV, and as a consequence, given
 that we are generating back a lot of cash flow, it is fair that we share that cash flow with
 our shareholders.
 Also, you know that we operate under the Spanish Ossimil regime, the Great Regime, so for those
 Most of you who are complaining that you don't want to receive dividend, you won't ask to
 to reinvest everything in highly aggressive activities of the company, which is something
 you will love, that you need to know that it is also good and healthy that the rate
 So we are going back to dividend distribution.
 I know one of the questions that you will make is on non-core divestments.
 As you know, we were relatively early in the year.
 We disposed...
 of around 50 percent of all objectives for the year, we guided to between 150 and 200
 million of non-core disposals. We have already affected around 109, but there is more to
 come between now and year end and we expect to be in the upper end of the range or probably
 above the range in terms of total amount of disposals, the moment in which we will move
 into more important disposals.
 next year.
 That is basically on my side.
 we are open to Q&A and happy to entertain your questions.
 Thank you.
 Can you operate it?
 Can you please open the lines for Q&A?
 Yes, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to register for questions, you can press
 a star one on your telephone keypad.
 Once again, that's the one on your telephone keypad
 to register for questions.
 And I have show Panky to cancel.
 Once again, that's the one to register for questions,
 and the hash in front of you to cancel.
 First question, Councilor Lino Fernando Avril from Alantra, please go ahead with your question.
 Hello, thank you very much for the presentation. I'll have three questions if I may first
 this on occupancy in offices.
 So I don't know, so if you improve your outlook for the year,
 I would like to know the drivers behind this.
 I don't know if existing clients
 are wanting to increase their lease space, or new clients,
 or any specific market that is outperforming.
 I don't know, and the drivers would be very helpful.
 and also link to this just to clarify.
 So you are forecasting occupancy to grow in 22
 from 90% levels.
 So that is the first question.
 Then the second question is on retail.
 I don't know if you have any update on how renegotiations are going.
 provided some detail in the previous quarter, I don't know if there is anything new.
 And then last question is with regards to inflation, so I don't know if you can comment
 a bit on this topic, both on the top line and cost side, I don't know if you have rental
 caps or not and also I don't know if utilities you normally tend to recharge those costs to
 clients or not, and I don't know if you have any forecast at the NOAI level for the next
 considering current inflation. Thank you.
 Okay, then I know
 But regarding office occupancy, the main drivers that we see is basically increases of space
 by existing clients and a number of new fill-ups that we have done during the quarter.
 And notably, it will be more visible next year.
 We see...
 ...
 some increased activity in the so much-demeaned A1 corridor.
 Why is that?
 Is this a mystery?
 No, I believe there is people who is already acting in advance
 of the major infrastructure works
 which are being carried as we speak
 by the municipality of Madrid.
 So the A1 corridor is clearly improving.
 I mean, just in this year, we have been able to sign close to 4,000 – 14,000 square
 meters in the A1 corridor.
 So it's quite encouraging because this
 an area which has caused us many headaches in the past, we have always bet on that area
 because we thought the future of Madrid was revolving around that area when the operation
 the operation Chammartine was carried out, the future of the operation Chammartine is
 closer and closer in the horizon. The municipality has started to re-infrastructure the area
 This is provoking much more tenant interest in the area because, you know, it is evident
 to any external observer that is the area in which there is more office concentration
 around Madrid and office concentration is an attractive point in itself because it provides
 the possibility of meeting other people that works in other offices.
 So, you know, being completely dispersed in the city is not necessarily what tenants
 like
 In terms of retail, well, the rent that we are renewing forward to 2022 to 2025, we commented
 and the situation remains the same that the gross tunette had worsened.
 I mean, we used to have a growth to net of 4%.
 That has seen a relatively stable historical average and, as of today, the contract that
 we...
 are signing forward 22 are starting with already with some incentives that have taken those
 contact to a gross-to-net leakage of around 14 percent.
 So this is why we were commenting on the number of occasions
 that we see a real rent reduction in the region of 10%
 as we speak.
 But in the region of 10%, we see a real rent reduction
 the form not of lower nominal rent in the form of bonuses, which, as you know, if you
 who are familiar with shopping centers,
 those can be withdrawn over time.
 So we like what we see because we remember in many occasions when we have been discussing
 about what would be the effect of e-commerce on the physical retail.
 We have in many occasions talked about a future or new normal in the future of around minus
 20%. It looks, at least for now, it looks that this new normal is more in the
 the region of minus 10 and in the form of modifications of rent, which may point toward
 a lower number as the Tenant sales stabilize and they are stabilizing.
 I mean, we are seeing a number of our shopping centers fall in this quarter, but more to
 to come in the next quarter, which are already selling more than in 2019, which is extremely
 positive. It looks like the lion's share of the effect of the bigger e-commerce penetration
 is being taken by high street radio.
 So shopping centers, particularly good urban shopping
 centers or good dominant shopping centers are defending themselves reasonably better
 than we all expected from the threat of online commerce.
 Regarding inflation, top line versus cost, look, in a company like this, I don't want
 to be too positive because, of course, inflation is not a nice thing in itself, but in a company
 like this inflation has a big effect because on the top line one thing I can tell you is
 that 100% of the rents of the company are indexed to inflation.
 But many people these days are now starting to ask what is the elasticity of the tenants
 to accept inflation hike.
 This is the same people that thought we would only collect 50% of our rent and the same people
 who probably thought a work from home would be 50 percent and the retailer
 our magneton will hit hard.
 The reality is that it is much more dangerous to get inflation in your top line when you
 You are operating in a city where rents are already significantly inflated, so in Madrid
 as compared to base 100, 2007, we are currently at 7580, taking prime as a proxy of the average
 of the market.
 So, being at 75, 80, most of the effect of inflation will be a catch-up effect compared
 to the previous peak.
 In the cities where rents are already 130% of the previous peak, I will do a read more
 about inflation because that will create a very significant effect in the rental levels.
 But we think it's going to be, at least we are going to enjoy for the first time in many
 we are going to enjoy a positive effect from indexation in the coming months.
 We have been always obtaining real growth in rent with positive release spread, but almost
 So, for the last two, three years, we have always posted negative inflation prints.
 So for the first time, we are going to start, let's say, enjoying, if I can use the word, inflation.
 Well, in the case of the BVDA contract, which is also the subject of many questions by analysts,
 Well, you have seen the inflation print of the advanced indicator provided by Eurostat
 of the HICP of October, which is 4.1%.
 I mean, unless this figure is changed
 when they release the final data on the 17th of November,
 November, that will mean an adjustment in rent to VUVA in the region of 6.1, 6.15 percent,
 which is moving from 79 million to around 84, which is 1 cent of extra cash flow for
 of the company next year.
 In terms of how this is affecting our costs,
 Yes, there has been a big problem with utilities, but as you know, utilities are 100 percent
 rechargeable to tenants.
 So in reality, the net effect, you
 suffer is only the effect of your vacancy.
 So, of course, the utilities applied to your vacant space,
 you have to swallow that effect that this is minimal
 as compared to the fact that, you know,
 for the rest of your space.
 And remember, it was fully over all, over all.
 because you always tend to focus only in offices,
 The portfolio overall is occupied at 94%.
 So we tend to recharge the extra energy costs to clients.
 There is also inflation in capex,
 but, and this is just by chance,
 I mean, it's not that we saw that inflation coming,
 but we are lucky because most of the cathex we had to do
 he saw really behind us
 I mean, we have finished with a very expensive flagship program.
 We have finished capexing all of our shopping centers.
 We have finished with most of our office building
 There is only one which is being done at present, and yes, in logistics, we were a little bit
 scared because we saw high-king pricing still, but since the peak, they have significantly
 receded and now, you know, the cost of construction in logistics is back to more normal levels
 So, you know, it's not very highly intensive in man hours.
 So, you know, if there is salary inflation, there will not be so much translation into
 the logistic construction cost.
 So we are, in principle, OK.
 in terms of inflation, the top line of the company will clearly grow and we will create
 a very significant cushion as compared to our debt service because our debt service
 As you know, it's flat.
 I mean, we have it hatched for the next six years.
 And, you know, we will create a very significant build-up
 in the top line that will help us overcome whatever happened with rates six years down
 the road.
 So, not so bad, of course, you need to take into account that at the end rents tend to
 to be linked to productivity.
 so when there is a high inflation period,
 Normally there are some rental adjustments following that inflationary period, but we
 We have managed those situations in the past.
 We know that all you know, net, net, net, you normally end up being winner in those situations
 and there is abundant, particularly very good research in this regard.
 I was recently reading Morgan Stanley,
 Gaisen, providing some clarity on the behavior of companies in the last 50 years, which is
 interesting data collection of the last 50 years and, you know, yes, you have a problem
 at the beginning, but normally people get accustomed to the new situation.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 It's my pleasure.
 Ladies and gentlemen, once again, to register for questions is the hotshot prompt and the
 number one, two, register for questions.
 So, star one to register for questions.
 We have a new question, and it comes in the line of boards.
 from Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
 Go ahead.
 Hi Ismail.
 Hi Ismail, it's Bart from Ogan Stanley.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 I just wanted to follow up on your comments on the bank branches.
 highlighted how you'll be able to increase the rent probably by more than six percent
 in January.
 This must be the most opportune time that we've seen for a long time to sell these
 assets and if they are indeed not very core to your portfolio and you haven't really spoken
 much about within the release. They are not very core to you as you've highlighted in
 in the past, you've mentioned before that you've had received some interest from potential
 buyers. What is your, what is Merlin's strategy around those assets for the next six to twelve
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Bye.
 But we have been receiving now sufficient and very
 credible interest on the portfolio.
 So, yes, we are going to get serious.
 I mean, we are finishing a number of disposals
 between now and year-end, there is some work to do
 in order to make sure we achieve the total disposal's goal of 2021.
 And following that, we are going to move into full focus
 regarding this portfolio, as you know,
 that portfolio vocationally because its bank branches is not 100% core to us.
 We have received...
 significant interest and very serious on this portfolio, and we now have enough data points
 to know more or less where the pricing could be.
 We have been working also on a number of things
 that might, you know, be too much of a detail,
 But in reality, one thing we discovered
 is that the people who is very good at discounting cash flows,
 very, very, I would say, competitive at discounting cash flows, normally has no clue of what
 to do with the real estate at the end, and vice versa, the people who does want the real
 because they think the real estate is great.
 rate, normally it's not very competitive in terms of discounting cash flows.
 So now we have besides, let's say, the normal way of execution, which is fire and forget,
 which is sell the whole thing and go fishing.
 We have also created a structure which allows a certain decoupling of both situations.
 So the entity that buys cash flows from the entity that wants the real estate, so they
 I can team up in one single buyer and buy it from us
 with each party taking what they need.
 what they need.
 So with that, now fully developed and tested.
 Tested with tax authorities, tested with the auditor, and tested with the market, we are
 going to move into execution mode.
 I won't nail down myself
 by providing any date of execution
 or figures because we have painfully learned in the past that this creates a
 a lot of tension, and in all calls, people is discussing whether we should be getting
 these or these plus 3% or these minus 5% and, you know, we don't want to entertain such
 discussions, it is a very important sale for the company on the positive and on the negative
 because we are saying, we will be saying goodbye to a very significant source of stable income,
 But on the other side, it is a fantastic opportunity to
 Delivered the company to levels absolutely unseen by us in the past and more in line
 with our UK peers, which I believe
 make sense in the current environment because it will also provide the company with the
 freedom and the flexibility to execute on any project, it might need to execute in the
 the future, most notably, we will have enough muscle to develop all of our data center program,
 which is a lot of money that have very hefty returns and you know it will provide us with
 the possibility to continue developing our Greenfield Logistics program till the end,
 until we run out of land bank suitable for logistics.
 So, you know, we are now seriously considering this.
 We should be expected to move into execution at some point.
 I will not provide any dates or target figures because it will be simply suicidal on my side.
 So, but, you know, I know that this is very important for you.
 I know your stance regarding these,
 And I know your critics about the glacial pace
 at which we take decisions.
 But be assured that the only reason why we take decisions
 at glacial pace is because we want to ensure
 the best execution possible.
 We cannot run this company, you know.
 Now left, then right, then center, then forward.
 I mean, we need to make sure that we obtain the best possible execution from this asset,
 which is a very, very important asset for the company.
 That's very clear, thank you very much.
 You are conduct.
 The next question comes a line of Clark Malfasen from Clarence Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
 Hi there, good afternoon. I also had a question on BBVA, so it's already been answered very
 clearly, perhaps just leading on from that you mentioned,
 leverage or potential to de-leverage the business.
 I'm just wondering if what your aspirational leverage level would look like and if that
 would also in your mind feed into the credit ratings.
 And the last point, the last question I have is in early 2022 you have a maturity on the
 bomb structure, 600 million, and in April I'm just wondering, putting aside the potential
 disposals what your what your plans that would be would you look to refinance
 instead or just repay it out of existing liquidity.
 Okay
 Look, regarding the LTV Go, our two LTV Go, the one that we were ambitioning to get, was
 something below 36% more or less.
 This is what we were trained into when we were caught by the COVID-19 pandemic.
 We were going little by little.
 Of course, this transaction would allow us
 to get there in one second.
 But certainly, we would like to be leveraged between, at this point in the cycle, between
 34...
 35, 36 percent max, certainly with the transaction will go below, but that would give us all
 also some extra muscle to do some other things, which in turn will generate new value that
 that will also help reduce our leverage.
 In terms of what would be the effect on rating,
 Frankly speaking, I have no idea.
 I mean, we live in Spain.
 And rating agencies tend to be a little racist in that respect.
 So, you know, with similar KPIs to us, we have many peers in Europe which score triple
 will be plus.
 So, I hope that with the injection of capital debt that sale will provide, we should go
 at least to 3.3 plus, but you never know.
 because in reality, you know, blaming the Spanish macro,
 blaming the sovereign cap or blaming, I don't know,
 Sometimes you get where you want, sometimes you don't get where you want, sometimes you
 you don't get there, but in any case, whether writing or not
 At least I believe the market will appreciate the fact that our debt-tweeted level goes
 down very significantly, LTV goes down, interest cover will significantly improve, so, you
 At the end, this is always important for the market regarding the debt maturity in May
 in 2022, it will be paid in cash.
 I mean, we have the cash ready at the bank account,
 and are also piling up cash for the upcoming one in 2023.
 So we told the market that we will be paying those
 in the case of 22, we will pay as soon as we can because cash today is costing us money.
 And the one in 23, eventually, particularly if we improve our rating, we would certainly
 we look to refinancing it because, you know, the last refinancing that we have done, even
 in the middle of the pandemic,
 has represented an advantage of more than 100 bits
 in financial cost, which is already noticeable in this quarter.
 I mean, many people is asking us why the financial burden has gone so low.
 And one of the reasons is because our cost of debt now
 is lower than it was in the past.
 Okay, great. Thank you very much
 And our next question comes from the line of Ignacio Carzajal from Carfeitio.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Good afternoon, gentlemen, my questions have now been answered, so thank you very much.
 OK.
 Thank you.
 And our next question comes from the line of Alvaro Saliano from Exxon, BNP Paribas.
 Hello. Thank you for the presentation, Ismael.
 Um, thinking in 2022, uh, what sort of capex, uh, quantum is budgeted, uh, for, for next
 year, also including investments.
 That would be my first question.
 And then, can we have some color on the bidding process
 of the logistic plots adjacent to Madrid airport.
 And also, I wonder if the VBA portfolio disposal will wait
 until Merlin is potentially awarded with that list
 hold in the airport.
 or you plan to dispose of UVA, even if you don't get those plots, and also link with
 the BBA disposal, what sort of buyers are interested on that asset in terms of our pension
 plans or what sort of money is looking for those assets.
 Having in mind that BBVA also has the right to match the offer
 that any potential buyer will make on the portfolio.
 Thank you.
 OK.
 Well, regarding the 2022 CAPEX, we are currently
 in the process of defining the exact amount that will be budgeted for next year.
 I can tell you that it will be matched exactly with the proceeds that we expect to receive
 from sales of non-core, in some cases the negotiations are already underway, so we will
 make sure that sources and uses match as we have always done.
 In fact, this year we are going to have slightly more sources than uses, so we will carry on
 to the next year, a certain extra amount that can be employed in further capex for the company.
 Regarding the IANA plot, the process is highly competitive and for us in reality, it has nothing
 to two with the BVA decision.
 I mean, maybe you are referring to DCM, to Madre Nuevo Norte, which is somehow linked
 also to be VBA. In the case of Maslid Mueva Norte, there are no news, I mean, on the operational
 outside, we continue to work hand-in-hand with BBVA to our satisfaction, I mean, the
 The underlying business is going very well.
 In July, we obtained the signature of the infrastructure
 Convention with the framework agreement, with all the public authorities which are involved
 in the development.
 So after that, which was the second condition president,
 according to the contract with the National Railway Authority,
 We moved into formally requesting the transmission of the land from the National Railway Authority
 The term to obtain the transition of the land will be by year-end, however, with a high
 high probability, we believe the National Railway Authority will request a little extension
 until May next year, and if that is the case,
 the transmission of the land will operate in May next year.
 as soon as we receive the land from the National Railway Authority, the process or the project
 we'll start. And at our current participation level, which is 14.5%, CAPEX in this project,
 as we have demonstrated in a number of occasions,
 is relatively meaningless to us.
 So it shouldn't be a concern for investors because, you know,
 the transmission of the purchase of the land
 It needs a capex usage on our side of 40 million, more or less, a little less, with soft cost,
 etc.
 the capitalization of the vehicle company should be 45, 47 million more or less, which
 She's something that we have in our budget, and we'll take into account, of course, when
 considering CAPEX for next year. And this is completely not linked to the decision on
 the branch portfolio disposal. Because at the end, you know, both things are not necessarily
 related. I mean, the only reason why we wanted to increase a little bit our percentage in
 the transaction is because we feel we are bringing some value
 added to the table, and we thought it would be good in view of that value added to have
 of a certain more outside return.
 I mean, so, you know, bringing out the value
 than getting 15% return is one thing, bringing value out to the table and getting 35% return
 is a completely different thing.
 So that was all of our, let's say, ambition in that regard.
 In fact, many people asked us about the arbitration process, where the arbitration process is
 pending the final appointment of an arbitrar, and when this happens, which will happen before
 with their end, their withdrawal will have five months to issue the decision.
 So, you know, by the end of the first half of next year,
 this would be resolved, whether in favor of BBDA
 or in favor of us, you know, it's a lot.
 So we will abide by whichever decision is taken by the arbitrar.
 For the time being, at least, we obtained injections,
 So at least the modification of the virus couldn't be inscribed in the mercantile register.
 So we are protected for the time being
 that we will wait till the finalization of the arbitrage
 to see what is the final outcome.
 The situation or the relationship with BUEA remains professional.
 We continue working together in the subject matter, which is the one that really matters
 in the development of DCN and we continue working with them to our satisfaction with
 them and with the company in which the investment is difficult.
 So, this is what I can tell you.
 And then you asked me about potential buyers for the VVA.
 Look, expanding on what I told Bart, we will not enter into this kind of discussion.
 You can imagine which kind of investors we are talking about, particularly when I said
 about separating the cash flows from the ownership.
 So you know why we are doing this to obtain the best execution possible of the transaction
 because we know the intrinsic value of the real estate and not even be one of the potential
 outcomes that we have in some cases considered is simply keeping the ownership of the assets
 ourselves because we have no problem with that. It will be a gift to whoever manages
 this company in year 2040, but the reason why we have separated is precisely to facilitate
 execution by a certain type of investors who are particularly competitive in terms of cash
 flow discount.
 Okay.
 Okay, thanks, Ismael. Maybe I didn't ask the question in the right way. I'm regarding
 BVA disposal, I was trying to understand how Merlin will recycle their proceeds from that
 portfolio when it eventually comes.
 and the three options to me are I and upload,
 increasing your stake on DCN or going full speed in that data
 centers. So between those three options, leaving aside that repayment, which one is
 or prefer one.
 Data centers.
 and green field logistics.
 I mean, basically, our biggest yield-on-cost fields of activity.
 Similarly, of course, that lump sum will be used to reduce that, but over time, as we
 We can start with leveraging a little bit.
 The ultimate use of that money will be mainly the data center program, which for us is crucial
 for the future of the company.
 There will also be some extraordinary distribution to shareholders because, as you know, there
 is a lot of people who don't know about it, but there are a lot of people who don't know
 The Spanish read legislation, the Spanish Sosini legislation is clear in that respect,
 So there will also be some, you know, extraordinary dividend to shareholders arising from that
 from that disposal.
 Perfect.
 very clear.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Have a good one.
 Thank you.
 To register your question, can you press star 1 on your telephone keypad?
 Once again, install one on your telephone keypad to register for questions.
 I think we have a follow-up question coming from the line of Fernando Ivera from Alantra.
 Please, go ahead.
 Now, sorry, my question has already been answered.
 Thank you.
 No problem, Fernando.
 Thank you Fernando.
 I'll follow in question, come from Lino Ventrán,
 Parapolo from Santa Lucia, please go ahead.
 Hello, good afternoon, everybody.
 Congratulations for the hard work and the nice numbers.
 It's just regarding, I think you were answering Ismael regarding coupling recycle, you said
 We'll use a question on that.
 Distrito Castiela Norte, Data Centers,
 or Winfield Logistics.
 Maybe seeing that, let's say, the values of all your assets
 resisting quite well and within place or maybe they'll start going up sometime.
 It's no questions about buybacks, it's you're talking about greenfields and logistic and
 data center and that's very good but how about buying your share at a 40% discount and really
 showing that your assets are not going down, but maybe up, and then let's say it's no
 when when is this company going to start talking about the survey box the ground
 Look, first, this is a decision of our board directors, but the problem is that in Spain,
 It is not irrelevant, like it would be in an Anglo-Saxon country, to do a special dividend
 for a buyback.
 So in our case, the eventual sale
 of a large number of assets, like, for example,
 the portfolio we were commenting.
 will generate the need to distribute to shareholders
 a certain amount of money.
 If we were to use that certain amount of money to do a buyback,
 he will be a monster by back.
 Fantastic.
 It cannot be done legally.
 So we will need to distribute that amount of extra dividend
 to investors by way of law.
 So, it is arguable whether it is better to distribute a lot of money to your shareholders,
 loyal shareholders who are with you in the shareholders list of the company,
 Or it is better to do a shared buyback to the shareholders who want to exit the company.
 all that, yes, you accrete the figures of the one who remain. Yes. But legally, it's
 No, there is no point. We cannot do it. We have to distribute an extra dividend.
 Yes, but not only for the divestments, when you're on tour and you're going to go down,
 you have to give back a certain amount of, of, of...
 the city of the basements.
 You're so good.
 I've seen a gross cost position of nearly 800 million.
 when we start a little buyback and show the market
 I mean, the value of your sister, because never, never in talking about this.
 Sure, bye-bye.
 Beltran, look, our non-code disposals have already shown to the market that assets are
 fairly valued because even in the middle of the pandemic and even in the worst moment we have
 have been disposed of at or above GAV figures.
 So the market, for some reason, is refractory to that information.
 even if we dispose now a large amount of assets of the company,
 and we do it above book value?
 Do you think the market will really care?
 maybe they don't care.
 So we can continue cannibalizing the company
 till we end up with zero assets.
 I'm selling everything.
 above NAB, and still, I don't know whether the market will notice or not notice.
 So what we are trying to, frankly speaking, if I have to give you my opinion, the share
 price re-rating will be immediate. I mean, there will be no need to artificially increase
 the price, which is, at the end, what you are referring to.
 But you are asking me, why don't you artificially rise
 the price of the share through a buyback?
 And, look, what I tell you is that I believe that if I do what I am telling you, we should
 be capable of doing, the re-rating in the share price will be immediate with no need
 to do it through a buyback.
 Well, in my opinion, Israel, all those are holders who pay the management team money
 to add value to, let's say, the industrial way as you always have done, but also to add
 value in a financial way, so I really do not agree that this is going to make artificial
 value because it's it creates a lot of value to buy let's say shares and let's say 40%
 this country.
 And let's say maybe in 10 years instead of probably let's say a one and a half percent
 maybe about 3%.
 So it's, I don't know, maybe you want to,
 So for us, loyal shareholders have been supporting this company through the tough times.
 I think that they deserve to really, to really, let's say, have more, more peace of the cake
 without putting more money. So really, I don't know who decides that, but we would really
 like a little buyback and the component does not reflect the surprise, more buyback, because
 15, 17 against 96.
 against 96. It's really a no-brainer.
 I have all my net worth invested in this company and I have been a financial investor for many many years
 So I have, I know the business of depleting the capital figure of companies, I know this
 business.
 But...
 You know, I believe it will be unnecessary anyway.
 It is openable, like everything, and I am happy to discuss with you.
 I know you particularly like the buybacks.
 I am happy to discuss with you one-on-one whenever you want because we live in the same
 So, we can meet and discuss and probably there is no need to enter into a theoretical
 discussion about buybacks in this forum, because I think it doesn't make sense.
 Okay, thank you. Thank you very much for the answers. I appreciate the hard work. Thank you
 You're welcome.
 Can you please let us know if there's any other questions you'd like?
 We appear to have no further question at this point.
 Okay.
 Well, in that case, we thank you all for joining today's 9 Months 2021 Trading Update.
 As always, we remain at your disposal for any further questions and if somebody needs
 a one-on-one meeting, please do not pass.
 Thank you.
 back to us. Thank you very much. Have a good weekend.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation today.
 This concludes this conference.
 and she may now disconnect your lines.
 Thank you.