 Good morning and welcome everyone. Together with our CFO, Lisa Mortensen,
 We are a team.
 We would like to wish everybody a happy new year and hope you and your families are healthy
 and safe.
 As always, we will start this conference call with a short presentation on our recent quarter's results.
 In addition, this time we would like to also take the opportunity to present our new science-based
 climate targets that were published in November.
 This will take approximately 20 minutes, and then we will move on to Q&A.
 Before we begin, please take notice of the safe harbor statement on slide two.
 Turn to slide three, please.
 Christian Hansen delivered a solid start to the fiscal year 2022, with 9% organic growth,
 Euro growth reached 10%.
 was fully volume-driven and supported by solid growth in food cultures and enzymes as well
 less a strong rebound in health and nutrition.
 Our EBIT margin before special items was 24.4%.
 compared to 25.2% last year, excluding HMO, which was not fully reflected in Q1 last year.
 We would have seen a margin improvement, a scalability from solid cells performance more
 than offset.
 the inflationary pressure and the general ramp-up of activities.
 Absolute EBIT, before special items, amounted to 65 million euro, up 7% from the euro 61
 million in Q1 last year.
 cash flow before acquisitions and special items was 55 million euro compared to minus
 seven million euro last year. Let's turn to slide four for the strategic and
 operational highlights.
 During the first quarter, in-person engagement with customers picked up again, and we saw
 good traction on our commercial pipeline and strategic initiatives.
 Our core businesses, food cultures and enzymes, human health, and animal health grew 7% where
 There are growth areas which account for approximately 10% of group revenue, bioprotection, fermented
 plant basis, plant health in HMO grew 35%.
 Lighthouses are expected to outgrow the core business
 for the year.
 But please note that the very strong growth in Q1
 was in part positive due to order timing.
 In line with our 2025 strategy, we continue to reinvest in our company's business and
 and leveraged technology platforms to expand into new areas,
 while further reaping the benefits
 of our recent acquisitions.
 Let me briefly comment on the key highlights for the quarter.
 In food cultures and enzymes, we saw very good sales project execution in EMEA, as well
 has continued strong growth in the cheese market in North America, which led to very
 solid volume growth in Q1.
 fail.
 exceeded our expectations for the first quarter.
 and deliver a very strong start to the year, supported by a rebound in the traditional
 sales channel in Europe and North America and positive order timing from Q4 further.
 I am pleased that with our expanded strain-to-solution offering and our strong supply chain performance,
 We were able to mitigate supply chains successfully and win new business, which will have a positive
 impact in the first half of the year.
 HMO business also reported good progress with the first launches of the five HMO mix in
 the US market. We've had an extraordinary impact in Q1 as customers ramp up the head
 of their product launches.
 And lastly,
 PlanHealth entered into a partnership with the Indian Ag player, UPL, to develop and
 commercialized microbial crop protection solutions.
 Another highlight during Q1 was related to bacteria or joint venture beat lonsa.
 please turn to slide 5.
 In November, BACTERA signed a commercial manufacturing agreement with CERIS therapeutics.
 It's an important milestone and therefore allow me to say a few words about the agreement.
 Here we have successfully established our setup in Herzlum and Basel to service customers
 in the clinical supply market.
 We are now accelerating investments into commercial manufacturing capabilities based on the long
 term commitment from Ceres Therapeutics, whose lead candidate, Ceres 109, has the potential
 to become the first ever life-biotherapeutic product in the market.
 As part of the agreement, we will build a new production site in this Switzerland, which
 which is expected to be inaugurated in 2024.
 was the commercial supply market is materializing
 faster than we expected.
 We are seeing that the clinical supply market is developing slower due to delays in clinical
 trials and patient intake during the COVID pandemic.
 These developments will require additional funding into bacteria, but we are very confident
 in our ability to establish a leading player in the field which can count on our expertise
 and capabilities from both JV partners.
 With these words, let's turn to slide six,
 dive a bit more into the cell's performance during the first quarter.
 If we look at the top-line performance across the segments, growth was fully volume-driven.
 driven. Food cultures and enzymes deliver 7% organic growth in Q1, driven by volume and
 with solid growth in dairy and very strong growth in food and beverages.
 The contribution from Europricing was insignificant.
 Health and nutrition recovered at a very soft quarter, reaching 13% organic growth in Q1.
 Human health and HMO delivered very strong growth.
 As already mentioned, the ribbon was largely driven by human health, while the HMO was
 in line with expectations.
 That's it.
 I'm very pleased that a large part of our fiscal year, 22 orders for HMO, is already
 secure through long-term contracts. If our animal and plant health business growth was
 solid and driven by plant health, we benefited from early orders.
 called animal health phase a dose comparable from last year.
 across all businesses.
 We are in close collaboration with our customers
 implement price adjustments to reflect the current inflationary pressures.
 The implementation is progressing as planned, and we will start to see the impact here from
 the beginning of Q2.
 If we look at the regional picture, please turn to slide 7.
 Growth was largely driven by developed markets.
 Europe, Middle East and Africa deliver 10% organic growth supported by good execution
 of the cell's pipeline in food cultures and enzymes and a recovery of the traditional
 Dietary Supplement Channel in Europe.
 Europe. North America grew strongly with 12 percent. Growth in health and nutrition
 was positively impact by order timing, as Q4 was very soft.
 I already mentioned launches in HMO.
 while FC&E continue to benefit from continued solid momentum in the cheese market.
 Latin America reported 8% organic growth, of which approximately one-third came from
 of Euro pricing.
 Food cultures and enzymes grow solidly despite continuous soft fermented milk markets and
 health and nutrition was driven by very strong plant health.
 In Asia-Pacific, after a soft year-end,
 will return to growth driven by food cultures and enzymes that saw a positive growth in
 China.
 The fermented milk market in China, though, is still not developing favorably.
 And our outlook for China is still to be flat, to slightly positive in fiscal year 22, driven
 by the low comparable from last year and specific customer projects.
 Health and nutrition was a part of this last year.
 Both human health and animal health faced a tough comparable baseline from last year.
 In total, this resulted in 4% organic growth for Asia Pacific.
 And with these comments, I would like to hand over to Lisa for the financial review.
 Thank you Mauricio and welcome also from my side, please turn to slide eight.
 Looking at the development on profitability, the EBIT margin ended at 24.4 percent for
 Q1 down from 25.2% last year.
 The drop was, in line with our guidance, driven by, first, the full inclusion of HMO, which
 which was only partly reflected in last year's numbers as the acquisition closed mid-October.
 Secondly, the general ramp-up of activities, including travel.
 And thirdly, higher input costs from the inflationary pressure, which we only expect to see recovered
 in sales price increases as we progress through Q2.
 This was then partly upset by positive contribution
 from production efficiencies and scalability from the sales growth, combined with synergies
 from our probiotics acquisitions.
 If we exclude the impact from HMO, then the EBIT margin would have been above last year
 by approximately half a percentage point.
 point.
 Total EBIT before special items amounted to 65 million euros, which is 7% up compared
 to last year, driven by food cultures at end times while EBIT in health and nutrition
 was at the same level as in Q1 of last year due to the negative impact from HMO.
 If you look at the segment, food, cultures, and enzymes, A, B, C, D, C, D, C, D, C, D,
 before special items was 30.8% and on par with last year.
 with production efficiencies and scalability effects from volume growth being offset by
 by higher input cost not yet reflected in the sales prices,
 and a general ramp-up of activities.
 Health and Nutrition's EBIT margin before special items was 11.9%, which is 1.7 percentage
 points below last year driven by HMO.
 Excluding HMO, our Health and Nutrition EBIT margin would have been above last year.
 The profitability improvements were driven by scalability effects and acquisition synergies
 that were partly upset by higher input cost and the general ramp-up of activities.
 Let's look at the test on the next slide, slide 9.
 The free cash flow before acquisitions and special
 license came in at €55 million compared to a negative of €7 million in Q1 of last
 Thank you.
 The increase was due to both an improved cash flow from operating activities and lower
 operational investments.
 The increase in the operating cash flow was driven by improved operating profit and a
 positive impact from working capital compared to Q1 of last year.
 And cash flow used for operational investing activities was 18 million euros down from
 from 52 million euros in FY21.
 The decrease in spending was driven by the acquisition of the Kellum Ball Facility last
 Thank you.
 The return on invested capital excluding goods was 20.00% compared to 20.6% last year and
 The decrease was driven by health and nutrition due to the inclusion of HMO, while the return
 Another event I would show in food cultures and enzymes was par with Q1 from last year.
 And with these remarks let's move to next slide slide 10 to recap our guidance for the
 Following the encouraging first quarter, we keep the outlook for the year.
 Group organic growth is expected to be in the range of 5% to 8% and will last in volume
 driven, but with some positive impact from pricing to reflect the inflationary development.
 Good cultures and enzymes is expected to deliver solid mid-single digits organic growth throughout
 the year and despite an insignificant contribution from Euro-based pricing.
 growth in health and nutrition is still expected to be volatile across the quarters, but it's
 is now expected to be more front-end-loaded than earlier
 estimated.
 As already mentioned, Planned Health benefitted from early orders in the first quarter, which
 It will negatively affect Q2.
 HMO, as Q1 benefited from customers ramping up for the U.S. launches, the growth momentum
 It will be lower.
 The rest of the year, though, still in a range above 20%.
 And for human health, our ability to serve customers has resulted in some extraordinary
 wind in Q1 and we also see good momentum going into Q2.
 When it comes to EBIT margin before special items, this is still expected to be around
 the same level as last year between 27 and 28 percent, as cost synergies from the probiotics
 acquisitions, production efficiencies, and a small positive impact from the U.S. dollar
 exchange rate will be upset by continued ramp up of activities, investments into HMO business
 and the inflationary pressure on certain input costs.
 The latter we expect to largely recover during the course of the year as price
 adjustments become effective.
 The free cash flow before special items is expected to be around 140 to 170 million euros,
 As improved operating profit is expected to be more than upset by significant increases
 in Texas paid, as FY21 was positively impacted by acquisition-related one-offs.
 The free cash flow outlook assumes a KPEX in line with FY21.
 As you remember, we updated our long-term financial ambition last quarter to reflect
 the divestment of natural colors and the acquisition of genoine.
 And I would like to emphasize once more, that Christian Hansen remained committed to delivering
 industry-leading, profitable growth.
 and a strong cash flow with focus on spending discipline and capital efficiency.
 Until FY25, we aim to deliver mid-to-high single-digit organic growth average over the period, an increase
 in 8-bit margin before special items over the period to above 30% and average growth in
 free cash flow before special items to grow faster than EBIT before special items.
 And with this, I would like to hand back over to Mauricio to present our new climate targets.
 Thank you, Lisa. I'm very happy to present Christian Hansen's new carbon reduction targets
 that were published in November, 2021, following the validation by the Science-Based Target
 Initiative.
 Please turn to slide 11.
 Christian Hansen's microbial solutions enable healthier living for humans, animals, and plants.
 leaving a positive handprint in society and our planet.
 At the same time, we are committing to reducing our footprint.
 Making climate action that is rooted in the less scientific senses is a natural next step
 for Christian Hansen.
 By 2030, Christian Hansen aims to reduce its scope and to emissions by 42%, and its scope
 three emissions by 20%.
 To reach these ambitions goals, we have launched a new program called Think Climate Naturally,
 under which we will pursue a number of initiatives, including converting total electricity supply
 to renewables, reaching 100% recyclability of our key packaging materials and 100%
 circular management of our bio waste, working smarter with heat supply and switching to
 refrigerants with limited climate impact, engaging with suppliers to address low carbon
 practices and renewable energy, and by minimizing air freight and moving to see
 Be free.
 pursuing partnerships on low carbon fuels.
 Some of these initiatives are already paying off
 not only on our footprint, but also on our costs.
 converting to renewable energy sources, like solar panels here in Denmark, for example,
 has kept a negative impact from the energy prices down.
 And with these, let me wrap up this presentation and summarize.
 Christian Hansen delivered an encouraging start to the fiscal year 2022 and will keep
 if our outlook unchanged.
 2122 is a year of execution for Christian Hansen,
 and will remain focused on advancing
 our 2025 strategic agenda.
 driving commercialization of new innovations
 and delivering synergies from our recent acquisitions.
 while mitigating any potential disruptions
 from supply chain constraints
 and implementing price adjustments in close collaborations
 with customers to offset inflationary pressures.
 Thanks.
 continue to be uncertain.
 with high volatility from COVID-19,
 Increase focus from customers on business continuity and cost savings, potentially
 new travel restrictions which could impact our ability to advance our commercial pipeline
 and low visibility to end market demand.
 But I am optimistic that as a company,
 patient Hansen is well-positioned to deal with these challenges thanks to our
 robust and resilient business model.
 Thank you for your attention and with this I would like to hand over to the Q&A.
 key.
 If you have-
 question for the speakers please press 0 1 on your telephone keypad now to enter the
 Once your name is announced, you can ask your question.
 If you find your question has been answered before it's yours, turn to speak, you can
 at 02 to council. In the interest of fairness and time, please limit yourselves to two questions
 per term, you can then rejoin the queue to ask further questions if you need to.
 Please hold for the first question.
 And our first question comes from the line of Soren Sampsel of SEP.
 Please go ahead.
 minus open.
 Yes, good morning everyone. Two questions first regarding the input cost, if you could
 say what is the negative impact of input cost in Q1 versus last year and then
 Secondly, if you can comment on the price increases, you're seeing the level of price
 increases we should expect and what will be the effect of that down on even will
 that all be absorbed by you can say by input cost increases how do you see it
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Sauron, and good morning.
 It's almost there.
 Just recapping your question is about the input cost
 our process for price increases.
 And I would just say we have a very strong methodology
 overall to reflect price increases with customers, and we expect to fully pass on the inflationary
 price increases to customers so we have no margin dilution.
 I will pass it on to Lisa to comment on, you know, your specific question about input
 costs.
 Well, so an input cost and the inflation air pressure is obviously something that is
 unprecedented and that we are observing very closely.
 We have seen a higher cost and it's also impacted our results for Q1.
 We do not wish at this point in time to be very specific on it.
 But it is part of the view that we look at landing the 24.4% for Q1.
 And it's also important to say that we are actually very happy to see that if we exclude
 HMO, we have been able to offset inflationary pressure and other costs coming from the higher
 activity level through our productivity and scalability efforts.
 Okay, thank you
 Thank you and our next question comes from the line of last top on of Carnegie. Please go ahead. Your line is open
 Yes, hello, congrats with a very strong quarter, quite impressive and good to see, a couple
 of questions on my side. So looking at your unchanged full year guidance, you need to
 grow 4% to 7% for the rest of the year and given you probably get 1% to 2% from pricing
 That means organic growth will only have to be, or volume growth will only have to be
 two to six percent. So just wonder when you don't lift the lower end of your guidance
 range. Is there any specifics we simply can't see or is it more a function of you preferring
 to be conservative in a scenario where visibility might not be so big.
 And then I have a question on HMOs, because Abbott has launched their 5-HMO Similac product,
 which you supply as opposed to that is the big thing for your HMO business in the quarter.
 First of all, I would like to understand when you sell to a product that contains 2FL and
 And then instead sell to a product that contains all 5 HMOs.
 How much does your revenue per portion increase?
 is it five times up, or is two of those still the main revenue
 contribute and then I wonder what this implies for the HMO revenue in the
 quarter. You mentioned lighthouses are 10% of sales. If we assume bioprotectants and
 plant health is, I'm sorry, plant area is 10% of food cultures and enzymes. That means
 plant health and HMO has to be 10% of health and nutrition.
 nutrition. I just wonder how that is split between plant and HMOs. Thank you.
 Good morning, Lars. Thanks for your positive comments on the encouraging start of the
 year. So two questions you had on guidance and on HMO. Let me try to provide some light
 into those.
 So for sure an encouraging start of the year with good momentum across our two business
 areas, and as I stated in the call, we also see good momentum going into Q2, but you are
 The right is still a very volatile environment, so I think we're only, let's say, three months
 into the year of 12 months and I think it's good to recognize that while we are in a good
 position in Q1, we maintain our guidance for the year and that is the position, yes, you
 you know, pricing, we expect the growth to be mainly volume-driven, pricing will contribute,
 You know, north of the 1.5% or around the 2% that you mentioned, but we expect to continue
 to see a good performance so far.
 and hope that provides some visibility into our current guidance.
 Now, on HMO, so HMO, the HMO mix tries to reflect more the physiological level of the
 five different HMOs. So, you know, without going into confidentiality or disclosure,
 we expect the different HMO mixes for different customers
 may have a slight different component.
 2FL is the largest component of the mixes, but we see good presence of the other HMO
 ingredients there. And talking about the lighthouses, you know, all of them contributed to the strong
 performance of 35% in Q1, but obviously, as we mentioned, particularly plant health
 and HMO benefited from order timing in Q1.
 Yeah, I don't understand, Marius, but my question is if plant health and HMO is 10% of health
 nutrition turnover. That is 9 million euros combined. If it's 50-50, then HMOs contributed
 4.5 million euros and you have a big product launch from Abbott. So, given that in Q2 and
 Q4 last year, HMOs were 6 and 7 million in revenue respectively.
 I just wonder if the underlying run rate for HMOs was, in fact, weak given that you have
 this big product launch from Abbott.
 I'm just trying to understand the numbers.
 So a couple of comments, I think your calculation of HMO is not 100% correct, HMO was more
 than that, but also consider that while we had the launch of HMO in the US, Abbott has
 not yet done a national launch. It was launched online, and it was, let's say, what would
 be called a pre-launch.
 So, we do not consider the, you know, HMO performance to be below expectation, it's
 on target and we are confident to deliver the above 20% growth for the year based on most
 of those orders being secured by our long-term contracts.
 very clear, Mauricio. Thank you very much. Thank you, Lars. Thank you. Our next question
 comes from the line of Christian realm of Nordia markets please go ahead to your
 line is open.
 Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
 I have two as well.
 The first is a clarification on the HMO topic that we just touched on.
 Can you clarify whether in terms of absolute revenues Q1 here was your best quarter yet
 for HMO revenues.
 And then my second question goes to the sort of guidance for the health and nutrition
 in business where I understand that you say that the growth will now be more front and
 load it for the full year and should we understand that to be a reflection of some pull forward
 of demand for the following quarters, or from the following, for the next quarters, or should
 We may only understand this as a reflection of a high growth rate in Q1 that will not
 necessarily repeat in subsequent quarters, but not a matter of growth having been pulled forward.
 Thank you.
 Yes. So, first question on HMO. I will pass them on to Lisa. I think it will be important
 to clarify if you're talking sort of the absolute,
 in absolute terms being the largest quarter in embossing
 that we have had.
 And then to health and nutrition, I will take that on.
 So health and nutrition had a strong start of the year,
 13% stronger than we expected.
 basically driven by the good momentum reopening
 of the traditional self-channel in North America and Europe,
 and also,
 by our ability to win a new project based on the good execution of our supply chain.
 As I said, we go into Q2 with a good momentum in health and nutrition, and that's why we
 said that the, you know, growth will be front and loaded, because we expect a
 solid first half of the year for health and nutrition, while some people think they are
 low comparables in the second half of the year, I would just remind everyone that the
 low comparables in the second half of the year was for our Christian Huntson business,
 that our acquired business that were not part of organic growth in age two had a very strong
 performance so the comparables are not as easy as people might think.
 We'll see you soon.
 the question of our HMO.
 And let's be clear, we would like to avoid to give you absolute numbers on the revenue
 coming from HMO, what we can confirm is that the ambition for this year is a 20% plus organic
 growth on the baseline from last year.
 And yes, we did see some impact from positive order timing
 in Q1.
 Okay, but you cannot say whether Q1 was better than Q4
 in terms of revenue for the HMO business?
 No.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Now, next question comes from the line of Georgina Fraser at Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 I could thank you for taking my questions morning.
 So my first question is, if you're able to quantify to any extent just how much of the
 organic growth in human health was front-enloaded in the first quarter. I think it'd be quite
 helpful to have that kind of aggregate number. And then my second question is, I notice that
 that you have reduced your market expectations
 for human health over the course of 2020 to 2025.
 on the back of lower infant formula outlook.
 Can you explain why that assumption has not changed your expectations for the total addressable
 market for HMOs.
 those.
 Thanks.
 Hi Georgina.
 Good morning.
 I'll take the first part of your question
 in relation to what part of the growth on health and nutrition was sort of underlying
 growth versus a one-off, and then I'll pass it on to Lisa in relation to the infant formula
 in market potential.
 So, you know, most of our both in human health, as I said,
 came from the strengthening of the momentum given the positive development we saw in the
 traditional sales channel in North America and in Europe, as well as the new wins.
 So, you know, order of magnitude less than one-third of the health and nutrition growth
 would be related to one of benefits related to Q4 orders that we were able to fulfill
 and Q1 or other non-repeatable and most of the growth came from this momentum that we
 We have seen in Q1, and we've seen maintained going into Q2.
 or at least in.
 Yeah.
 You know, when we think about HMO, I think it's important
 to recognize that the penetration is very, very low.
 But this is a business and a market that's only growing and emerging now as we speak.
 And we do still believe that as this is, you know, the secret ingredient that the IF players
 are definitely looking into with high, high interest, it will be the ingredient that creates
 the premium product, we still believe in the full potential, but it is, you know, coming
 from a very low penetration.
 Okay, that was really helpful.
 And that is consistent, Georgina, with what we have said both for HMO and probiotics that
 obviously, you know, a better momentum in infant formula growth will always be positive,
 But let's say our business plans are based on the penetration of probiotics and HMO into
 the existing volumes of infant formula.
 Great, thank you both.
 Thank you.
 Al.
 Next question comes from the line of Heidi Stehrmann of Exxon B&B Paribas.
 he's going to head to your line, it's open.
 Good morning, I've got two questions.
 We see that milk and animal production is slowing,
 relative to last year and bird flu is emerging, is this a concern at all in either segment?
 your expectations.
 And then secondly, we saw that pricing was negative in health and nutrition.
 Could you explain why that was and will that improve as we, you know, as you lift pricing
 in the coming quarters.
 Thanks.
 Hi, good morning.
 So I'll take the first one on animal health and then pass it to Lise on the pricing for
 or dental nutrition, that was more related to a one-off situation, and she can explain
 I think so, but good questions.
 Thank you for that.
 So, you know, we have seen pretty strong development
 in dairy farming.
 So we have not seen that impact our business in capital,
 and particularly in dairy farming for animals,
 has been strong, and I think it's driven, basically,
 by the innovation and the products we have put out,
 particularly, you know, in our probiotics solutions.
 I think on Asian swine fever, there you're right, you know, animal, animal health had
 a very strong quarter in the Q1 last year as the population of swine in China was in
 you know, growing again under better health conditions where our probiotics have played
 role and now face a larger comparable to that with definitely an effect of the African swine
 fever.
 Lisa, I'll do you on the pricing question on health and nutrition.
 Yes.
 It is related to the agreement we have on plant health with our partner, FMC.
 You can see it's just a consequence out of the regular kind of settlements that we make
 with them and agreement with regards to how we recognize the revenues.
 So it's a one-off for this quarter.
 So I would definitely not read from that anything
 in relation to our pricing ability or pricing pass-through
 for our business, as Lisa said, is more related
 to a one-off in connection to the settlements in plant health with FMC.
 And just on my first question, also we see milk production is slowing, you know, cheese
 Lisa's been very strong for you in recent quarters.
 that have an impact in FDNE or is that not a concern for this year?
 We don't view that as a concern for this year, Heidi, but we closely monitor, you know, the
 trends in daily development, both for cheese and for the fermented segment.
 Thank you.
 Now our next question comes from the line of Alex Sloan at Barclays, please go ahead
 line is open. Yeah hi good morning all congrats on the the solid start and two
 questions from me. The first one just on pricing of the input cost inflation I
 I guess given the small cost percentage and strategic nature of your ingredients, it wouldn't
 be too much trouble to kind of land price increases with customers, but on the other
 I wonder, you know, what is your base case expectation in terms of your customers pricing
 action to offset inflation and could that have any drag on FC and E end market volume
 growth for this year. Are you expecting any pockets of slowdown due to this inflation
 at all. And the second question, just going back to HMOs and the 5-HMO mix, I wonder,
 I mean, it's obviously early days, but if you could give any color on how that product is
 actually performing on shelf in the US where it has been launched and more
 broadly on HMOs, are there any regulatory milestones that we might expect globally this
 year that we should be looking out for in any prospect of that 5-HMO mix, you know, being
 being launched in further new markets over the next 12 months.
 Thanks.
 Thank you. Thank you Alex for your your questions. I'll take those to myself. So, you know on on your question round pricing
 Yes, we have a very strong pricing methodology and in close collaboration with our customers
 All I would say is like the pricing negotiations are advancing as planned and on target and
 We track those to, you know,
 conclusion of the negotiations and completion of the price increases, and that is tracking
 on plan and on target, you know, I don't want to mislead you.
 So I mean, pricing negotiations with customers are never easy, but I think we have a very
 a positive collaboration with customers on the understanding of the input cost and how
 and try to lay it into price increases.
 but very pleased on how our organization is managing that and confident that we will
 deliver on the price increase targets that we have internally.
 HMO, indeed too early to tell on sell-true, you know, probably you follow that market
 very closely, you'll be able to get a better read from the reports from our customers.
 I think what we are very pleased from the 5-HMO mix is that everything that we expected
 on this being a front panel ingredient and positioned as the, let's say, important ingredient
 to make infant formula closer to mother's milk.
 that has been very clearly communicated in the product launches, which I think is positive
 for the HMO market overall.
 On regulatory, I think the biggest next step will be the regulatory approval of HMOs in
 In China, we are working on that, but as we have stated, we expect that to take place
 in 2023-2024.
 for.
 Thank you.
 This question comes from the line of Mathias Huckbloom of Handel Spanken, please go ahead
 your line is open.
 Good morning.
 Two questions, please.
 So, firstly, coming back to the dynamics in the global probiotic supplement market, which
 which benefited from the rebound, which you mentioned.
 So obviously, consensus expected, 2% organic growth
 for health and nutrition in the quarter, you come up strong at 13 percent.
 You talk about volatility to remain, but you also said, if I heard you correct, that
 momentum from human health into Q2 remains strong.
 So, what the...
 ...
 do you have and maybe help me frame what volatility here means, for example, can we rule out
 And I had a negative quote that we saw in Q4 last year, just to put what,
 in the perspective. And then secondly, if you can shed some light of historical growth
 rate for the lighthouses you have to put the 35% growth rate in the context it
 talked about that, not being representative for the full year, but the record will still
 a specific number for this. So maybe help me understand how strong that number is. Thank
 Thank you.
 Absolutely. Thank you, Matthias.
 So, you know, health and nutrition, indeed, we have a strong quarter.
 We see...
 good momentum going into the second quarter, but when we talk about volatility, it's usually
 because it's a more concentrated business and the way that orders fall into one quarter
 or another can sometimes make a quarter, you know, stronger or weaker.
 I would not mention specifically could you see a negative quarter.
 I think the benefit that we have now that the acquisitions are integrated into our organic
 growth is we definitely have a much better balance
 our total portfolio of, you know, end markets, portfolio of strengths and channels, but
 But you would still see more volatility in health and nutrition as compared to food
 cultures and enzymes.
 maybe maybe adding to it
 It's also important again to highlight that the very strong execution we were able to
 deliver on supply in Q1 was also part of the success formula, so to say, of human health.
 And when we look back at it in Q4, one of the things we were caught by was a raw material
 shortage so that we actually kind of left the business on the table that we couldn't
 execute on and that's part of our ops right now
 So we do have a dependency on our ability to supply.
 doing COVID in general we've been quite successful but also we are not immune in the world we
 operating in. And I think that's also talking a little bit to the uncertainty, to the rate
 that we are looking into through the rest of the year,
 but we are not adding any concrete pointers.
 It's just that this isn't the environment where we are operating it.
 Just remind me, Matias, was there a second part to your question that we have in the address?
 Sorry?
 Yeah, well, maybe you have to put the 35% growth rates for the light, how long?
 I can't be letting this in on the lighthouses.
 Yeah.
 know what we have always said is that the lighthouses have a potential to reach, you
 you know, a hundred million and will grow faster than the core business.
 So that, you know, if you got to make, if you want to make an assumption on the lighthouses,
 I always talk about the lighthouses being double-digit growth rate initiatives for
 us.
 You see, for example, bioprotection, bioprotection is something that has consistently been growing
 above 10%. I don't know that I would go and, you know, qualify a specific quarter on the
 the lighthouses because these are still very small businesses, so, you know, percentage
 on a quarterly basis can be misleading, but we are focused on delivering double growth
 rate for life houses year over year.
 That's very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Now next question comes from the line of Mirko Bedokko of Bank of America please go ahead
 your line is open yeah morning everyone thanks for for my questions so just to
 clarification on my side if you can.
 You've mentioned benefits from timing of orders in plant health and product launches in HMOs.
 So if you can clarify if there is any unwind here to be expected in Q2 or if it was just
 no repeatable benefits in Q1 so planned health in HMOS as I understand human health is just
 a one-time benefit there, and also if you can give us an indication on the performance
 of bioprotection in the quarter, it would be great.
 Thanks.
 I will take the one on on bioprotection and pass it on to Alicia to comment on the one
 of timing of orders.
 So bioprotection grew around 15% in the first quarter,
 which is solid.
 I would remind you that even though we launched
 in spring, the generation tree.
 We are working in projects with customers,
 and we should not expect a larger contribution
 for the first generation, for the third generation of bioprotection before our second half of
 Yes, and building on your first question, if we look at what was the one-off in human
 health in Q1 that will impact the rest of the year. As we said, plant health was definitely
 a one-off in Q1, and we expect to see a negative side of that in Q2.
 For HML, there was some order timing benefiting in Q1, which will just level out over the
 year, but ending the full year at the 20 plus percent that we talked to.
 And apart from that, I would say from the risk of the rebound of human health, it was
 a lot of new business opportunities that materialize and where we don't anticipate the negative
 side of the rest of the year.
 and just to thanks and just following up on this so on the plant health I think
 Like you mentioned, overall, the one-off swear, one-third of the performance in health and
 nutrition.
 How much of that one-third was the one of implant help?
 It's not big. It's not big. And also, when you think about one-ups, also think about
 Into that, we also include the benefit we have from Q4, right?
 So it's not the largest strength health.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Now next question comes from the line of Charles Eden at UBS, please go ahead, your line is
 open.
 Hi. Good morning, Marisha. Good morning, Lisa.
 Two questions for me, please.
 Firstly, can you quantify the China growth you saw in FCE in Q1 and maybe you could remind
 just the comparison or at least sort of a range of the decline in the prior quarter.
 And then my second question is just a clarification
 to your response on one of the earlier questions I'm pricing with you. I think you said there
 there would be no margin impact from the pricing.
 I just wanted to check I heard that right.
 because does your pricing model protect the gross profit
 or the gross profit margin?
 I thought it was this format, but maybe I'm incorrect, so I just wanted to clarify.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Charles, for the good questions.
 So on China, China had a solid growth against low comparable from last year, and that was
 mainly because, you know, Q1 of last year for F&E was particularly soft.
 So I wouldn't read much more into that from China,
 But I do believe our feeling is consistent with what we
 communicated in Q4, saying that we expect China to be, you know, flat, to slightly positive
 for us for the year, despite the continued negative development of the fermented category
 in China.
 I will pass it on to Lisette to comment on margin, but just to clarify my comment I said
 when we passed prices, we passed on prices to make sure that we protect our profitability.
 So, if we think about the pricing impact and looking at our finances for this year, I think
 it's important to also call out that our price increases does come with some delay.
 The ambition is that we can increase the prices to offset not only just the cost but also
 the martin impact but it will come with some delay this year
 And what do we base this on?
 we base this on that this is what we have usually done,
 And we are in a very good collaboration with the customers on it.
 Okay, thank you. And maybe I can just pull up quickly. So do you think,
 Are you able to say when you think your pricing will be in a position given web
 formats are today to fully offset the headwind. Are you able to give that detail?
 Well, it of course depends on whether we know the full magnitude of the headwinds at this point in time.
 time it is very unprecedented times so I think you know the overall conclusion is
 that what we are doing here is baking to our EBIT guidance for the year, which is a landing
 corridor between 27 and 28 percent.
 And we see around a quarter of a delay between, you know, our inflation cost input and our
 negotiations with customers, I think under more normal conditions we would usually have
 have one round of negotiation with customers as inflation development continues to be
 be more fluid this year, we may have several negotiations of pricing with customers.
 Understood. Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andre Torman of Dansk Bank.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Yeah, hello both of you and thanks a lot for taking my question first of all
 In terms of this good momentum you mentioned in human health, I wonder if you could elaborate
 a bit on this momentum and also on whether this is driven by the UAS combination that
 that's happened.
 And my second question is in terms of food causes and enzymes and their strong performance
 that you have seen, whether there is some kind of re-opening effect that has affected
 decent numbers, positive.
 That's my question.
 Thanks, Tom.
 Yes, so let me start with human health and not much more than I can add to what we said.
 I mean, the strong performance in human health
 was re-given by the reopening of the traditional cells channel in North American Europe.
 We are benefiting from our strength resolution strategy and the broader portfolio that we
 have in human health, where we are now able to commercialize across the combined units,
 Christian Hansen legacy, highly documented probiotics, and the addition of the strength
 from both HSO and UAS locks.
 So it's large, even, but I would say a strong execution of our human health.
 We also highlighted, and I will repeat that again, that we have a strong supply chain
 performance that enabled us to capture business and have new wings.
 by also preceding orders that we were not able to complete in Q4.
 And that combination puts us also in a strong position with human health into the second
 quarter of the year.
 In SCNE, you know, it was mainly volume driven and mainly volume driven and mainly in the
 market. So very strong performance of projects in Europe, whereby we were able to be more
 present with customers and the cheese market in North America partly driven by a larger
 presses in food service as well, but where we see some cheese types like mozzarella continue
 to perform very strongly.
 So maybe we have time for one more question before we wrap up the presentation.
 Thank you, there is anyone further question in the queue? That's from the line of the
 Soren Sampson, SCP, please go ahead, your line is open.
 Yes, I just had one follow-up regarding the Lighthouse Projects where you can say you
 You have earlier been quite concrete on the absolute potential of these while you now
 seems a bit less concrete, which I completely understand.
 But maybe you can comment a bit.
 And there must have been some delays in delivering on these sort of, well, ambitions you've had
 there because of COVID, maybe you can level a little bit more on what we should expect
 in the long term, I, of course, acknowledge that this is quite uncertain and difficult
 to predict, but maybe give us your thoughts there.
 And then secondly, on animal health, which I understand was quite weak in Q1, actually.
 I can't remember whether that's because of some particular high comparables or the timing,
 Just comment what's the momentum in animal health in the underlying business going into Q2.
 Thank you.
 So, Sorin on animal health, animal health basically faced a difficult comparable and
 And the only thing that we mentioned as well was that in swine particularly, we had a high
 comparable from Q1 last year because of the strong momentum of rebuilding the
 swine population in China versus now a little bit the return of African swine fever, but
 But I think you could expect a normal momentum from animal health, you know, going into Q2
 And we have seen a strong performance on animal health throughout the last couple of years,
 So I'm very pleased with the, you know, how the team has turned the innovation into market
 execution and commercialization.
 On the lighthouses,
 soren,
 e-
 And in our capital markets day, we basically provided what we view as the potential of
 those lights and then left it open to what our market would be.
 And I think that is a much better way to present these that are really business development
 opportunities where we leverage microbial and fermentation technologies that we know
 very well into new commercial spaces.
 So it's business building, it's business building from a very low base, but we're areas where
 But we see a large opportunity and we're very excited about it.
 So, you know, I would repeat what I just said,
 that the best way to think about our lighthouses
 is businesses that will grow faster than our core business
 and where we can expect, you know, double-digit growth rates year-on-year, for sure, you
 may have quarters that are higher or lower.
 But I hope that, you know, provides some perspective.
 Otherwise, we'll be able to elaborate on this further
 us we talk going forward.
 Okay, thank you for that
 Thank you.
 With that, this concludes today's conference call and Q&A session.
 And thank you for coming and we look forward to continue our dialogue during the upcoming
 virtual road shows. Thank you all.