 Thank you.
 Good morning and welcome everyone.
 Together with our CFO, Lisa Mortensen, and our team, we would like to wish everybody a Happy New Year and hope you and your families are healthy and safe.
 As always, we will start this conference call with a short presentation on our recent quarter's results.
 In addition, this time we would like to also take the opportunity to present our new science-based
 climate targets that were
 published in November.
 This will take approximately 20 minutes and then we will move on to Q&A.
 Before we begin, please take notice of the safe harbor statement on slide two.
 Let's turn to slide three, please.
 Christian Hansen delivered a solid start to the fiscal year 22 with 9% organic growth,
 with euro growth reached 10%.
 Growth was fully volume-driven and supported by solid growth in food cultures and enzymes,
 as well as a strong rebound in health and nutrition.
 Our EBIT margin before special items was 24.4%, compared to 25.2% last year.
 excluding HMO
 which was not fully reflected in Q1 last year.
 we would have seen a margin improvement, a scalability from solid sales performance
 more than offset the inflationary pressure
 and the general ramp-up of activities.
 Absolute EBIT before special items amounted to 65 million euro, up 7% from the euro 61 million in Q1 last year.
 free cash flow
 before acquisitions and special items
 was 55 million euros
 compared to minus 7 million euro last year.
 Let's turn to slide four for the strategic and operational highlights.
 During the first quarter, in-person engagement with customers picked up again, and we saw
 good traction on our commercial pipeline and strategic initiatives.
 Our core businesses, food cultures and enzymes, human health, and animal health,
 and animal health.
 7% were our growth areas which account for approximately 10% of group revenue, bioprotection,
 fermented plant basis,
 plant health and HMO,
 grew 35%.
 Lighthouses are expected to outgrow the core business for the year, but please note that
 the very strong growth in Q1
 was in part positive due to order timing.
 In line with our 2025 strategy, we continue to reinvest in our core business and lever
 are the technology platforms
 to expand into new areas, while further reaping the benefits of our recent acquisitions.
 Let me briefly comment on the key highlights for the quarter.
 In food cultures and enzymes, we saw very good sales project execution in EMEA, as well
 as continued strong growth in the cheese market in North America, which led to very solid
 volume growth in Q1.
 Human health
 exceeded our expectations for the first quarter
 and deliver a very strong start to the year, supported by a rebound in the traditional
 sales channel in Europe and North America, and positive order timing from Q4.
 further
 I am pleased that with our expanded strength to solution offering and our strong supply chain performance, we were able to mitigate supply chain successfully and win new business, which will have a positive impact in the first half of the year.
 Our HMO business also reported good progress with the first launches of the five HMO mix
 in the U.S. market, which had an extraordinary impact in Q1
 as customers ramp up the head of their product launches.
 And lastly,
 Plant Health entered into a partnership with the Indian ag player, UPL, to develop and
 commercialized microbial crop
 protection solutions.
 Another highlight during Q1 was related to Bactera, our joint venture with LONSA.
 Please turn to slide 5.
 in November
 Bacteria sign
 the Commercial Manufacturing Agreement
 with service therapeutics.
 It's an important milestone.
 And therefore, allow me to say a few words about the agreement.
 we have successfully established
 our setup in Hirslam and Basel
 to service customers in the clinical supply market.
 We are now accelerating investments into commercial manufacturing capabilities based on the long-term
 commitment from
 service therapeutics, whose lead
 candidate.
 Ceres-109 has the potential to become the first ever live biotherapeutic product in the market.
 As part of the agreement, we will build a new production site in Wiesp, Switzerland,
 which is expected to be inaugurated in 2024.
 for.
 Whilst the commercial supply market is materializing faster than we expected, we are seeing that
 the clinical supply market is developing slower due to delays in clinical trials and patient
 intake during the COVID
 pandemic.
 These developments will require additional funding into bacteria, but we are very confident
 in our ability to establish a leading player in the field
 which can count on our expertise and capabilities from both JV partners.
 With these words, let's turn to slide 6 to dive a bit more into the sales performance
 during the first quarter.
 order. If we look at the top-line
 performance across the sex
 meant the segment's growth was fully volume-driven.
 food cultures and enzymes
 delivers 7% organic growth in Q1, driven by volume and with solid growth in dairy and
 very strong growth in food and beverages.
 The contribution from Europe rising was insignificant.
 health and nutrition
 recovered at a very soft quarter, reaching 13%
 organic growth in Q1.
 health and HMO delivered very strong growth.
 As already mentioned, the ribbon was largely driven by human health.
 while HMO was in line with expectations.
 That said, I'm very pleased that a large part of our fiscal year 22 orders for HMO
 is already secured through long-term contracts.
 If we build our animal and plant health business,
 Growth was solid and driven by plant health.
 we benefited from early orders.
 while Animal Health faced a tough comparable from last year.
 Across our businesses, we are in close collaboration with our customers to implement price adjustments
 to reflect the current inflationary pressures.
 The implementation is progressing as planned, and we will start to see the impact here from
 the beginning of Q2.
 and it was
 If we look at the regional picture, please turn to next slide, slide seven.
 was largely driven by developed markets.
 Europe, Middle East and Africa
 deliver 10% organic growth
 supported by good execution of the cell's pipeline in food cultures and enzymes,
 and a recovery of the traditional dietary supplement channel in Europe.
 North America grew strongly with 12%.
 Growth in health and nutrition was positively impacted by order timing, as Q4 was very soft.
 I already mentioned launches in HMO.
 while FC&E
 continue to benefit from
 continued solid momentum in the
 cheese market.
 Latin America reported 8% organic growth, of which approximately one-third came from
 Euro pricing.
 Food cultures and enzymes grew solidly despite continuous soft fermented milk markets and
 health and nutrition was driven by very strong
 plant health.
 Last week, in
 Asia-Pacific.
 After a soft year end, we return to growth, driven by food cultures and enzymes that
 saw a positive growth in China.
 The fermented meal market in China, though, is still not developing favorably.
 and our outlook for China is still to be flat to slightly positive in fiscal year 22,
 driven by the low comparable from last year and specific customer projects.
 Health and nutrition was on part with last year.
 both human health and animal health faced a tough comparable baseline from last year.
 In total, this resulted in 4% organic growth for Asia Pacific.
 and with his comments
 I would like to hand over to
 Lisa for the financial review.
 Thank you, Mauricio, and welcome also from my side.
 Please turn to slide eight.
 at the development on profitability,
 the EBIT margin ended at 24.4% for Q1, down from 25.2% last year.
 the drop was in line with our guidance
 driven by, first, the full inclusion of HTML,
 which was only partly reflected in last year's numbers as the acquisition closed mid-October.
 Secondly, the general ramp-up of activities, including travel
 and thirdly, higher
 input costs from the inflationary
 pressure, which we only expect
 to see recovered in sales price increases
 as we progress through Q2.
 This was then partly upset by a positive contribution
 from production efficiencies and scalability from the sales growth,
 combined with synergies from our probiotics acquisitions.
 If we exclude the impact from HMO,
 than the EBIT margin would have been above last year
 By approximately half a percentage point.
 Total EBIT before special items amounted to 65 million euros, which is 7% up compared to last year,
 driven by food cultures and enzymes, while EBIT in health and nutrition was at the same
 level as in Q1 of last year
 due to the negative impact from HMO.
 So, if we look at the segments,
 Food cultures and enzymes
 The EBIT before special items was 30.8% and on top of that,
 with last year.
 with production efficiencies and scalability effects from volume growth
 being offset by higher input costs
 not yet reflected in the sales prices, and a general ramp-up of activities.
 Health and nutrition's EBIT margin before special items was 11.9%,
 which is 1.7 percentage points below last year driven by HMO.
 HMO. Excluding HMO, our health and nutrition EBIT margin would have been above
 last year.
 The profitability improvements were driven by scalability effects and
 acquisition synergies that were partly offset by higher input costs
 and the general ramp-up of activities.
 Let's look at the cash flow on the next slide, slide 9.
 The free cash flow before acquisitions and special items came in at €55 million compared
 to a negative of 7 million euro
 in Q1 of last year.
 The increase was due to both an improved cash flow from operating activities
 and lower operational investments.
 The increase in the operating cash flow was driven by improved operating profit
 and a positive impact from working capital compared to Q1 of last year.
 And cash flow used for operational investing activities was 18 million euros, down from 52 million euros in FY21.
 The decrease in spending was driven by the acquisition of the Kalenbohr facility last year.
 The return on invested capital excluding goods was 20.0% compared to 20.6% last year
 and the decrease was driven by health and nutrition due to the inclusion of HMO,
 while the return on investment
 in food cultures and enzymes was on par with Q1 from last year.
 And with these remarks, let's move to next slide, slide 10, to recap our guidance for the year.
 Following the encouraging first quarter, we keep the outlook for the year.
 Group organic growth
 is expected to be in the range
 of 5-8%
 and will last be volume driven
 but with some positive impact
 from pricing to reflect the inflationary developments.
 Food cultures and enzymes is expected to deliver solid mid-single-digit organic growth throughout the year.
 and despite an insignificant contribution from euro-based pricing.
 Organic growth in health and nutrition is still expected to be volatile across the quarters,
 but is now expected to be more front-end loaded than earlier estimated.
 As already mentioned, plant health benefited from early orders in the first quarter, which
 which will negatively affect Q2.
 HMO.
 As Q1 benefited from customers ramping up for the U.S. launches, the growth momentum
 will be lower the rest of the year
 though still in a range
 above 20%.
 And for human health, our ability to serve customers has resulted in some extraordinary
 wins in Q1. And we also
 see good momentum going into Q2.
 When it comes to EBIT margin before special items, this is still expected to be around
 the same level as last year, between 27% and 28%.
 As cost synergies from the probiotics acquisitions, production efficiencies,
 and a small positive impact from the U.S. dollar exchange rate
 will be upset by a continued ramp-up of activities,
 investments into HMO business, and the inflationary pressure on certain input costs.
 The latter we expect to largely recover during the course of the year
 as price adjustments become effective.
 The free cash flow
 before special items is expected
 to be around
 a hundred
 140 to 170 million euros.
 As improved operating profit is expected to be more than upset
 by significant increases in taxes paid.
 as FY21 was positively impacted by acquisition-related one-offs.
 The free cash flow outlook assumes a CAPEX in line with FY21.
 Thank you.
 As you remember, we updated our long-term financial ambition last quarter
 to reflect the divestment of natural colors and the acquisition of genovine.
 And I would like to emphasize once more that Christian Hansen remains committed to delivering
 industry-leading, profitable growth.
 and a strong task flow with focus on spending discipline and capital efficiency.
 until FY25
 we aim to deliver
 mid to high
 single-digit organic growth averaged over the period, an increase in EBIT margin before
 sale items over the period
 to above 30%
 End.
 Average growth in free cash flow before special items to grow faster than EBIT before special items.
 items. And with this, I would like to hand back over to Mauricio to present our new climate
 I'll talk to you soon.
 Bye.
 Thank you, Lisa.
 I'm very happy to present Christian Hansen's new carbon reduction targets
 that were published in November 2021, following the validation by the Science-Based Target
 Initiative.
 Please turn to slide 11.
 Christian Hansen's microbial solutions enable healthier living for humans, animals, and plants.
 leaving a positive handprint in society and our planet.
 At the same time, we are committing to reducing our footprint.
 Taking climate action that is rooted
 the lesser scientific census
 is a natural next step for Christian Hansen.
 By 2030,
 Christian Hansen aims to reduce its scope
 and two emissions by 42%,
 and it scoped three emissions by 20%.
 To reach these ambitions goals, we have launched a new program called Think Climate Naturally,
 under which we will pursue a number of initiatives,
 including converting
 total electricity supply
 to renewables, reaching 100% recyclability of our key packaging materials, and 100% circular
 our management of our bio-waste,
 Working smarter with heat supply and switching to refrigerants with limited climate impact.
 engaging with suppliers
 to address low-carbon practices
 and renewable energy.
 and by minimizing air freight and moving to sea freight
 and pursuing partnerships on low-carbon fuels.
 Some of these initiatives are already paying off
 not only on our footprint, but also on our costs.
 Converting to renewable energy sources like thermal panels here in Denmark, for example, has kept a negative impact from the energy prices down.
 And with this, let me wrap up this presentation and summarize that Christian Hansen delivered
 an encouraging start to the fiscal year 22, and we keep our outlook unchanged.
 21-22 is a year of execution for Christian Hansen and will remain focused on advancing
 our 2025 strategic agenda, driving commercialization of new innovations and delivering synergies
 from our recent acquisitions.
 while mitigating any potential disruptions from supply chain constraints
 and implementing price adjustments in close collaborations with customers
 to offset inflationary pressures.
 Times continue to be uncertain, with high volatility from COVID-19, increased focus
 from customers on business continuity and cost savings, potentially new travel restrictions
 which could impact
 our ability to advance our commercial pipeline
 and low visibility to end market demand.
 Brian Optimistic
 that does accompany Christian Hansen
 is well positioned to deal with these challenges
 thanks to our robust and resilient business model.
 Thank you for your attention.
 And with this, I would like to hand over to the Q&A.
 Thank you.
 if you have a question for the speakers
 please press 01 on your telephone keypad now to enter the queue.
 Once your name is announced, you can ask your question.
 If you find your question has been answered before it's your turn to speak,
 you can dial 02 to council.
 in the interest of fairness and time
 Please limit yourselves to two questions per term.
 You can then rejoin the queue to ask further questions if you need to.
 Please hold for the first question.
 And our first question comes from the line of Soren Samsel of SEB.
 Please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 Yes, good morning everyone
 two questions
 first regarding
 the input cost, if you could say what is the negative impact of input cost in Q1 versus last year,
 and then
 Secondly, if you can comment on the price increases you're seeing,
 the level of price increases we should expect,
 and what will be the effect of that down on EBIT.
 Will that all be absorbed by, you can say, by input cost increases?
 How do you see it?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Soren, and good morning.
 I will pass some of the
 just recapping your question is about the
 input cost our process
 for price increases, and I would just say we have a very strong methodology overall
 to reflect price increases
 with
 customers and we expect
 to fully pass on the inflationary price increases to customers so we have no margin dilution.
 I will pass it on to Lise to comment on, you know, your specific question about input costs.
 Well, so on input costs and the inflationary pressure is obviously something that is unprecedented and that we are observing very closely.
 we have seen
 a higher cost
 and it's also impacted our results for Q1.
 we do not wish at this point in time
 to be very specific on it,
 But it is part of the view that we look at landing the 24.4% for Q1.
 and it's also important to say that
 we're actually very happy to see
 that if we exclude HMO
 we have been able to offset
 inflationary pressure
 and other costs coming from the higher activity level
 through our productivity and scalability efforts.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 And our next question comes from the line of Lars Topham of Carnegie.
 please go ahead
 Your line is open.
 yes hello congrats with
 a very strong quarter
 quite
 impressive and good to see.
 A couple of questions on my side.
 So,
 looking at
 your
 unchanged
 for your
 guidance you need to grow
 4-7% for the rest of the year
 And given you probably get 1% to 2% from pricing, that means organic growth will only have to be, or volume growth will only have to be 2% to 6%.
 So I just wonder, when you don't lift the lower end of your guidance range,
 is in a
 specifics we simply can't see
 or is it more a function of you preferring to be conservative
 in a scenario
 where visibility might not be so big.
 And then I have a question on HMOs because Abbott has launched their 5-HMO Similac product,
 which you supply, I suppose that's the big thing for your HMO business in the quarter.
 first of all
 I would like to understand when you sell to a product that contains 2FL
 and then instead sell to a product that contains all five HMOs,
 How much does your, what do you say, your revenue per portion increase?
 is it five times up
 or is 2FL still the main revenue contributor?
 And then I wonder what this implies for the HMO revenue in the quarter.
 you mentioned lighthouses
 are 10% of
 sales. If we
 assume bioprotectants
 and plant health is...
 Sorry, plant dairy is 10% of food cultures and enzymes.
 That means plant health and HMO has to be 10% of health and nutrition.
 I just wonder how that is split
 between plant and HMOs.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, Lars.
 Thanks for your positive comments on the encouraging start of the year.
 So two questions you had on guidance and on HMO.
 Let me try to provide some light into those.
 So, for sure, an encouraging start of the year with good momentum across our two business areas.
 And as I stated in the call, we also see good momentum going into Q2.
 But you are right.
 is still a very volatile environment.
 So I think we're only, let's say, three months into the year of 12 months, and I think it's
 good to recognize that while we are
 in a good position in Q1, we maintain our guidance for the year, and that is the position.
 Yes, you know, pricing, we expect the growth to be mainly volume-driven.
 Again, pricing will contribute north of the 1.5% or around the 2% that you mentioned.
 But we expect to continue to see a good performance of our business
 and hope that provides some visibility into our current guidance.
 Now, on HMO, so HMO, the HMO mix tries to reflect more the physiological level of the
 different HMOs.
 So, you know, without going into confidentiality or distortion, we expect the different HMO
 mixes for different customers may have a slight different
 component to
 QFL is the largest component of the mixes, but we see good presence of the other HMO
 ingredients there
 and talking about the
 about the lighthouses, you know, all of them contributed to the strong performance of 35% in Q1.
 But obviously, as we mentioned, particularly plant health and HMO benefited from other
 timing in Q1.
 Yeah, I don't understand my response, but my question is if plant health and HMO is 10% of health and nutrition turnover, that is 9 million euros combined.
 And if it's 50-50, then HMOs contributed 4.5 million euros, and you have a big product launch from Abbott.
 So, given that in Q2 and Q4 last year, HMOs were $6 million and $7 million in revenue, respectively, I just wonder if sort of the underlying run rate for HMOs was, in fact, weak.
 given that
 you have this big
 product launch
 from Ebbett. I'm just trying
 to understand the numbers.
 so a couple of comments I think
 I think your calculation of HMO is not 100% correct.
 HMO was more than that.
 but also consider that while we had the launch of HMO in the U.S.,
 Abbott has not yet done a national launch.
 it was launched online
 and it was, let's say, what would be called a pre-launch.
 So we do not consider the, you know, HMO performance to be below expectation, is on target, and we are confident to deliver the above 20% growth for the year based on most of those orders being secured by our long-term contracts.
 That's very clear, Mauricio. Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Lars.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Christian Reum of Nordia Markets.
 please go ahead
 Your line is open.
 Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
 I have two as well.
 the first is
 is a clarification on the HMO topic
 that we just touched on.
 Can you clarify whether, in terms of absolute revenues, Q1 here was your best quarter yet for HMO revenues?
 And then my second question goes to the sort of guidance for the health and nutrition business, where I understand that you say that the growth will now be more front end loaded for the full year.
 And should we understand that to be a reflection of some pull forward of demand for the for the following quarters or from the following for the next quarters?
 or should we merely understand this as a reflection of a high growth rate in Q1
 that will not necessarily repeat in subsequent quarters,
 but not a matter of growth having been pulled forward.
 Thank you.
 Yes.
 So, first question on HMO, I will pass them on to Lisa.
 I think it would be important to clarify
 You're talking sort of the absolute, in absolute terms being the largest quarter in invoicing that we have had.
 And then to health and nutrition, I will take that on.
 So, you know, Health and Nutrition had a strong start of the year, 13%, stronger than we expected,
 basically driven by the good momentum reopening of the traditional sales channel in North America and Europe,
 and also by our ability to win new projects based on the good execution of our supply chain.
 As I said, we go into Q2 with a good momentum in health and nutrition,
 And that's why we said that the, you know, growth will be front and loaded because we
 expect a solid first half of the year for health and nutrition.
 while some people think they are low
 comparables in the second half
 of the year, I would just remind
 everyone that the low comparables in the second half of the year was for our Christian Hansen
 business, but not our
 acquired business that were
 not part of organic growth in H2 had a very strong performance.
 So the comparables are not as easy as people might think.
 Lise, on to you for the question of HMO.
 Yes.
 And let's be clear.
 We would like to avoid to give you absolute numbers on the revenue from HMO.
 What we can confirm is that the ambition for this year is 20% plus organic growth on the baseline from last year.
 And, yes, we did see some impact from positive order timing in Q1.
 Okay, but you cannot say whether, say, Q1 was better than Q4 in terms of revenue for the HMO business?
 No.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Georgina Fraser at Goldman Sachs.
 please go ahead
 your line is open.
 Thank you for taking my questions this morning.
 so my first question is
 And if you're able to quantify to any extent just how much of the organic growth in human
 health was front end loaded in the first quarter.
 I think it would be quite helpful to have that kind of aggregate number.
 and then my second question is
 I noticed that you have
 reduced your market
 expectations for human
 health over the course of 2020 to 2025 on the back of lower infant formula outlook.
 Can you explain why that assumption has not changed your expectations for the total addressable market for HMOs?
 Thanks.
 Hi, Georgina.
 Good morning.
 I'll take the first part of your question in relation to what part of the growth on
 health and nutrition was sort of underlying
 growth versus
 one-offs, and then I'll pass it on to Lisa in relation to the infant formula and market
 potential. So, you know, most
 of our growth in
 human
 health, as I said, came from the strengthening of the momentum given the positive development
 we saw in the traditional
 Sales Channel
 in North America and in Europe, as well as the new wins.
 So, you know, order of magnitude less than one-third of the health and nutrition growth
 would be related to one-off benefits related to Q4 orders that we were able to fulfill
 and Q1 or other non-repeatable.
 and most of the growth came from this momentum that we have seen in Q1,
 and we see maintained going into Q2.
 Lisa?
 Thank you.
 You know, when we think about HMO, I think it's important to recognize that the penetration
 is very, very low.
 This is a business and a market that's only growing and emerging now as we speak.
 And we do still believe that as this is, you know, the secret ingredient that the IF players are definitely looking into with high, high interest, it will be the ingredient that creates the premium product.
 We still believe in the full potential, but it is, you know, coming from a very low penetration.
 Okay, that was really helpful.
 Thank you.
 And that is consistent, Georgina, with what we have said both for HMO and probiotics that
 obviously, you know, a
 better momentum in
 infant formula growth will always
 be positive, but let's say
 Our business plans are based on the penetration of probiotics and HMO into the existing volumes
 of infant formula.
 Great. Thank you both.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Heidi of Sternen of Exxon BMP Paribas.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 good morning
 asked, I've got two questions
 And we see that milk and animal production is slowing relative to last year, and bird flu is emerging.
 Is this a concern at all in either segment?
 what are your expectations
 and then secondly
 we saw that
 pricing was
 negative in health and nutrition.
 Could you explain why that was and will that improve as you lift pricing in the coming quarters?
 Thanks.
 Heidi, good morning.
 So I'll take the first one on animal health
 and then pass it to Lisa on the pricing for health and nutrition.
 that was more related to a one-off situation that she can explain.
 But good questions.
 Thank you for that.
 So, you know, we have seen pretty strong development in dairy farming.
 So we have not seen that impact.
 our business in cattle and particularly in dairy farming for animals has been strong.
 And I think it's driven, basically, by the innovation and the products we have put out,
 particularly, you know, in our probiotics solutions.
 I think on Asian swine fever, there you're right, you know, animal health had a very
 strong quarter in the
 Q1 last year as the population of swine in China was, you know, growing again under better
 health conditions where our
 probiotics have played a role
 and now face a larger
 comparable to that
 with definitely an effect of the African swine fever.
 Lise, on to you on the pricing question on health and nutrition.
 Yes, Heidi. It is related to the agreement we have on plant health with our partner, FMC.
 it's just a consequence
 out of the regular kind of settlement
 that we make with them, an agreement in regards to how we recognize the revenues.
 So it's a one-off for this quarter.
 so I would definitely
 not read from that
 anything in relation to our pricing ability
 or pricing pass-through for our business, as Lisa said,
 is more related to a one-off in connection
 to the settlements in plant health with FMC.
 just
 on my first question
 And also, we see milk production is slowing.
 is you know cheese has been very strong for you in recent quarters could that
 have an impact in FC&E or
 Or is that not a concern for this year?
 We don't view that as a concern for this year, Heidi,
 but we closely monitor, you know, the trends in their redevelopment, both for cheese and for the fermented segment.
 Thank you.
 thank you
 Our next question comes from the line of Alex Sloan at Barclays.
 please come ahead
 your line is open.
 yeah hi good morning all um congrats on the the solid start um two questions from me and the first
 one just on
 pricing to offset input cost inflation, I guess, given the small cost percentage and strategic
 nature of your ingredients
 It wouldn't be, you know, too much trouble to kind of land price increases with customers.
 but on the other side I wonder
 So, you know, what is your base case expectation in terms of your customers pricing action to offset inflation?
 and could that have any drag on FC&E end market volume growth for this year?
 Are you expecting any pockets of slowdown due to this inflation at all?
 hmo uh mix i wonder i mean it's obviously early days but if you could give um you know any color
 on on how that product is actually performing uh on shelf uh in in in the us where it has been
 launched and
 And more broadly on HMOs, you know, are there any regulatory milestones that we might expect
 globally
 this year
 that we should be looking out for
 and any prospect of that 5-HMO mix being launched in further new markets over the next 12 months.
 Thanks.
 Thank you, Alan.
 Thank you, Alex, for your questions.
 I'll take those to myself.
 So, you know, on your question around pricing, yes, we have a very strong pricing methodology
 and in close collaboration with our customers,
 All I would say is like the pricing negotiations are advancing as planned and on target, and we track those to, you know, conclusion of the negotiations and completion of the price increases, and that is tracking on plan and on target.
 You know, I don't want to mislead you.
 I mean, pricing negotiations with customers are never easy, but I think we have a very
 positive collaboration with
 customers on the understanding of
 the input cost and how
 than price late into price increases.
 but very pleased on how our organization is managing that
 and confident that we will deliver on the price increase targets that we have internally.
 on HMO
 indeed too early to tell
 on sell through
 I
 I, you know, probably you follow that market very closely.
 you'll be able to get a better read from the reports from our customers.
 I think what we are very pleased from the 5-HMO
 mix is that everything that we expected
 on this being a
 front panel ingredient and positioned as the, let's say,
 important
 an ingredient to make
 infant formula closer
 to mother's milk, that has
 been very clearly
 communicated in the product launches, which I think is positive for the HMO market overall.
 So on regulatory, I think the biggest next step will be the regulatory approval of HMOs in China.
 we are working on that
 But as we have stated, we expect that to take place in 2023-2024.
 Thank you
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthias Huckblum of Handelsbanken.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Good morning.
 Okay, two questions, please.
 So, firstly, coming back to the dynamics in the global probiotic supplement market,
 which benefited from the rebound which you mentioned.
 So obviously, consensus expected 2% organic growth for health and nutrition in the quarter.
 you come up strong at 13%.
 You talk about volatility to remain, but you also said, if I heard you correct, that momentum from human health indicates you to remain strong.
 So what type of disability do you have?
 and maybe help me frame
 what volatility here means.
 For example, can we rule out another negative quarter, as we saw in Q4 last year, just to put volatility into perspective?
 and then secondly
 if you can shed some light
 of historical growth rate for the lighthouses
 He has to put the 35% growth rate into context.
 he talked about that not being representative
 for the full year
 but we've seen a specific number for this,
 So maybe help me understand how strong that number is.
 Thank you.
 Absolutely. Thank you, Matthias.
 So, you know, health and nutrition, indeed, we have a strong quarter.
 We see good momentum going into the second quarter.
 But when we talk about volatility, it's usually because it's a more concentrated business and the way that orders fall into one quarter or another can sometimes make a quarter, you know, stronger or weaker.
 I would not mention specifically, could you, you know, see a negative quarter?
 into our organic growth is we definitely have a much better balance in our total portfolio
 of, you know, end markets, portfolio strengths, end channels, but you would still see more
 volatility in health and nutrition as compared to food cultures and enzymes.
 Maybe adding to it, it's also important, again,
 to highlight that the very strong execution we were able to deliver on supply in Q1 was
 also part of the success formula, so to say, of human health.
 And when we look back at Q4, one of the things we were caught by was a raw material shortage
 so that we actually kind of left a business on the table
 that we couldn't execute on.
 And that's part of our upside now.
 so we do have a dependency
 our ability to supply
 during COVID
 in general we've been quite successful but also we are not immune in the in the
 world we're operating in.
 And I think that's also talking a little bit
 to the uncertainty that we're looking into
 through the rest of the year, but we are not adding any concrete pointers.
 It's just that this isn't the environment where we are operating in.
 Just remind me,
 And my test was there.
 I saw a second part to your question that we haven't addressed.
 Sorry.
 Yeah, well, maybe you have to put the 35% growth rate for the Lighthouse.
 I can't do that in a serious perspective.
 Yeah.
 So, you know, what we have always said is that the lighthouses have a potential to reach, you know, $100 million and will grow faster than the core business.
 So that, you know, if you've got to make, if you want to make an assumption on the lighthouses, I always talk about the lighthouses being double digit growth rate initiatives for us.
 And if you see, you know, for example, bioprotection, bioprotection is something that has, you know,
 consistently been growing above 10%.
 I don't know that I would go and, you know, qualify a specific quarter on the lighthouses
 because these are still very small businesses.
 So, you know, percentage on a quarterly basis can be misleading, but we are, you know, focused on delivering double growth rate for our lifehouses year over year.
 That's very clear.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mirko Barako of Bank of America.
 please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 Good morning, everyone. Thanks for my question. So just a clarification on my side, if you can.
 You've mentioned benefits from timing of orders in plant health and product launches in HMOs.
 So, if you can clarify if there is any unwind here to be expected in Q2 or if it was just
 no repeatable pain if you think you want.
 plant health and HMOs, as I understand, human health is just a one-time benefit there.
 And we'll see if you can give us an indication on the performance of bioprotection in the
 It would be great.
 Thanks.
 I will take the one on bioprotection and pass it on to Lise to comment on the one-offs timing of orders.
 So bioprotection grew around 15% in the first quarter, which is solid.
 I would remind you that even though we launched in spring the Generation 3,
 We are working in projects with customers, and we should not expect a larger contribution
 for the first generation, for the third generation of bioprotection before our second half of the year.
 Yes, and building on your first question, Mirko, you know, if we look at what was the
 one-offs in human health in Q1 that will impact the rest of the year.
 As we said, plant health was definitely a one-off in Q1,
 and we expect to see a negative side of that in Q2.
 for HTML
 there was some order timing
 benefiting in Q1 which will just
 level out over the year but ending
 the full year at the
 20 plus percent that we
 talk to. And apart
 of that, I would say, from the
 risk of the rebound of human health.
 So it was a lot of new business opportunities that materialized
 and where we don't anticipate the negative side of it the rest of the year.
 Understood.
 Thanks.
 up on this. So on the plant health, I think you mentioned overall the one-offs were one-third of
 the performance in
 in health and nutrition, how much of that one-third was the one-off in plant health?
 It's not big.
 it's not big and I also think
 when you think about one-ups also think about into that we also include the
 benefit we have some from Q4, right? So it's not the largest plant health.
 Okay. Thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Eden at UBS.
 please come ahead
 to your line
 it's open.
 Hi.
 Good morning, Marisha. Good morning, Lisa.
 Two questions for me, please.
 Firstly, can you quantify the China growth you saw in FC&E in Q1?
 and maybe she could remind us
 the comparison
 or at least sort of a range of decline in the prior year quarter.
 And then my second question is just a clarification to your response on one of the earlier questions on pricing ratio.
 I think you said there would be no margin impact from the pricing.
 i just wanted to check i heard that right um because does your pricing model protect
 the gross profit or the gross profit margin
 and I thought it was the former
 but maybe I'm incorrect
 because I just wanted to clarify.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Charles, for the good questions.
 So on China, China had a solid growth against a low comparable from last year, and that was mainly because, you know, Q1 of last year for FC&E was particularly soft.
 So I wouldn't read much more into that from China, but I do believe our feeling is consistent with what we communicated in Q4,
 saying that we expect China to be, you know, flat to slightly positive for us for the year,
 despite the continued
 negative development
 of the fermented category
 in China.
 I will pass it on to Lisa to comment on margin, but just to clarify my comments, I said when
 we passed prices with
 breath for my
 for Bryce,
 uh,
 passed on prices to make sure
 that we protect our profitability.
 stability.
 So if we think about the pricing impact and looking at our finances for this year,
 I think it's important to also call out that our price increases does come with some delay.
 The ambition is that we can increase the prices to offset not only just the cost but also the margin impact,
 but it will come with some delay this year.
 and what do we base this on
 we base this on that this is what we have usually
 done and we are in a very good
 collaboration with the customers on it.
 Okay, thank you.
 Maybe I can just follow up quickly.
 so do you think
 Are you able to say when you think your pricing will be in a position,
 given where warm-ups are today
 to fully offset the headwind
 Are you able to give that detail?
 Well, it of course depends on whether we know the full magnitude of the headwinds at this point in time.
 It is very unprecedented times.
 so I think
 you know, the overall conclusion is
 that what we're doing here
 is baked into our
 EBIT guidance for the year, which
 is a landing corridor between
 27 and 28 percent
 And we see around a quarter delay between, you know, our inflation cost input and our negotiations with customers.
 I think on their more
 normal conditions we would usually have
 one brand of negotiation with customers
 As inflation development continues to be more fluid this year, we may have several negotiations of pricings with customers.
 Understood. Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andre Tormann of Danske Bank.
 please go ahead, your line is open
 Yeah, hello, both of you, and thanks a lot for taking my question.
 So, first of all,
 in terms of this good
 momentum you mentioned in human
 health. I wonder if you could elaborate
 a bit on this momentum
 and also on whether this is driven by the UAS combination that has happened.
 is in terms of food cultures and enzymes
 and the strong performance
 that you have seen, whether there is some
 kind of reopening
 effect that has affected
 these numbers positively.
 that's my question
 thanks
 Yes, so let me start with human health, Andre, not much more than I can add to what we said.
 I mean, the strong performance in human health was really driven by the reopening of the
 traditional sales channel
 in North America and Europe.
 we are benefiting from our strength to solution strategy
 and the broader portfolio that we have in human health,
 where we are now able to commercialize across the combined
 units, the Christian Hansen legacy, highly documented probiotics, and the addition of
 the strength from both
 HSO and
 UAS labs
 so it's
 large
 But I would say a strong execution of our human health
 we also
 highlighted, and I will repeat that
 again that we have a strong
 supply chain performance
 that enabled us to capture business and have new wins while also fulfilling orders that
 we were not able to
 in Q4.
 And that combination puts us also in a strong position
 with human health into
 the second quarter of
 in
 AFCNE.
 you know, it was mainly volume-driven
 and mainly volume driven
 and mainly in the market.
 So very strong performance of projects in Europe,
 where, by the way, we were able to be more present with customers
 And the cheese market in North America, partly driven by, you know, a larger presence in food service as well, but where we see some cheese types like mozzarella continue to perform very strongly.
 So maybe we have time for one more question before we wrap up the session.
 Thank you. There is only one further question in the queue. That's from the line of Soren Samsa at SCB. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 yes i just had a one follow-up regarding the lighthouse projects where you can say you have
 earlier been quite concrete on the absolute potential of these while you
 It now seems a bit less concrete, which I completely understand, but maybe you can comment a bit.
 There must have been some delays in delivering on these sort of overall ambitions you've had there because of COVID.
 but maybe you can elaborate a little bit more on what we should expect in the long term.
 I, of course, acknowledge that this is quite uncertain and difficult to predict,
 but maybe give us your thoughts there
 And then secondly, on animal health, which I understand was quite weak in Q1, actually.
 I can't remember whether that's because of some particular high comparables or the timing,
 but just comment
 what's the momentum in animal health
 in the underlying business going into Q2.
 Thank you.
 So, Soren, on animal health, animal health basically faced a difficult
 comparable. And the only thing that we
 mentioned as well was that
 in swine particularly, we had a high comparable from Q1 last year because of the strong momentum
 of rebuilding the swine
 population
 in China versus now a little bit the return of African swine fever.
 But I think you could expect a normal momentum from animal health, you know, going into Q2.
 And we have seen a strong performance on animal health throughout the last couple of years.
 So I'm very pleased with the, you know, how the team has turned the innovation into market
 execution and commercialization.
 On the Lighthouses,
 Soren, in our capital markets day, we basically provided what we view as the potential of
 those life and then left it open to what our market would be.
 And I think that is a much better way to, you know, present these that are really business development opportunities where we leverage microbial and fermentation technologies that we know very well into new commercial spaces.
 So it's business building.
 is business building from a very low base
 But we're areas where we see a large opportunity and we're very excited about.
 So, you know, I would repeat what I just said, that the best way to think about our lighthouses
 is businesses that will grow faster than our core business
 and where we can expect, you know, double-digit growth rates year on year.
 For sure, you may have quarters that are higher or lower, but I hope that, you know, provides some perspective.
 Otherwise, you know, we'll be able to elaborate on this further as we talk going forward.
 Okay, thank you for that.
 Thank you.
 So with that, this concludes today's conference call and Q&A session.
 you for coming and we look forward to
 continue our dialogue during
 the upcoming virtual roadshows.
 Thank you all.