 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by.
 and welcome to the ETAO Corp. Banker First Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call.
 at this time
 all attendees are in a listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 if you would like to ask a question
 simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad.
 If you require any further assistance, please press star zero.
 Thank you.
 Now, I would like to welcome Ms. Claudia Labiel.
 Ma'am, the floor is yours.
 Thank you.
 Good morning.
 Thank you for joining our conference call for our first quarter 2021 financial results.
 Before proceeding, let me mention that our remarks may include
 forward-looking information
 and actual performance
 could differ
 materially from
 that anticipated in any forward-looking comment
 as a result of macroeconomic conditions, market risk, and other factors.
 I would also like to draw your attention to the financial information included in this
 management discussion and analysis
 presentation, which is based
 on our managerial model
 in which we adjust for non-recovering events
 And we apply managerial criteria to disclose our income statement.
 This managerial financial model reflects how we measure, analyze, and discuss financial results
 by segregating commercial performance, financial risk management, credit risk management, and cost efficiency.
 We believe this form of communicating our results will give you a clearer and better view of our performance through these different perspectives.
 Please refer to pages 9 to 12 of our report for further details.
 With us today in this conference call are Mr. Gabriel Moura, CEO, and Mr. Rodrigo Couto, CFO.
 Mr. Mora will comment on 2021 first quarter results and our strategic evolution as well
 as recent events.
 After what?
 Afterwards, we will be available for a question and answer session.
 We have included a Q&A box on the console where you can type in your questions
 if you are not connected by phone.
 We will take questions from both the phone and the console.
 For the latter, we will read and answer your questions verbally.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gabrielle.
 Thank you, Claudia. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our 2021 first quarter earnings call.
 Today's presentation has three parts.
 an update on COVID-19.
 our first quarter 2021 results
 and an update on our transformation plan and business strategy.
 So moving straight into slide three.
 While Chile gained international attention for the speed of its vaccination process during the first quarter of 2021,
 new infections surge to record levels.
 As a result, mobility restrictions were reintroduced and international borders were closed.
 These strict quarantine measures, which for a while affected almost 90% of the population, are now being rolled back.
 Chile's vaccination process has been one of the fastest in the world, outpacing both
 the U.S. and the U.K. in terms of the doses administered per 100 inhabitants.
 as of April 30
 8.1 million people
 in Chile had received
 at least one dose of the vaccine
 and 83% of the people over 60 years old had received both.
 We expected this speedy vaccination effort to pave the way for a significant economic
 reopening in the coming months. So let's move to slide 4. The Chilean authorities continue to act
 swiftly as well as on the
 economic recovery front.
 The government announced an expansion to the two-year COVID fund by over $6 billion U.S. dollars.
 That's 2% of the Chilean GDP.
 The Central Bank of Chile also has launched the third stretch of its credit facility conditional on increasing lending, the FCIC-3,
 amounting to $10 billion over six months.
 Congress has also approved the expansion of the uses and the benefits of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, the FOGAP.
 legislators also approved a third 10 percent pension withdrawal we once more
 demonstrated our commitment to being part of the solution through our participation in the Fogapi
 reactivation program.
 We granted almost 268 billion pesos of Fogapi Reativa, guaranteed loans, achieving a participation
 of 11.3%,
 which is higher than our overall market share.
 Collectively, the Chilean authorities have acted decisively in responding to the pandemic crisis,
 both on the sanitary and economic fronts, with positive impact both in economic activity and on the credit cycle.
 Nevertheless, there are medium- to long-term consequences of the economic measures
 that are difficult to assess
 and may turn out to be significant in the future.
 If we can please move to slide five.
 Prior to the latest lockdown in Chile,
 activity was building strong momentum.
 in the short term
 the latest quarantine measures
 temporarily hindered economic activity.
 but the sustained progress of the vaccination.
 a strong external impulse
 from better terms of trade.
 support from macro policies, and the carryover effect are consistent with a significant growth rebound this year.
 We continue to see GDP expanding 6.5% in 2021 following the 5.8% decline last year.
 Moreover, risks remain tilted to the upside.
 inflation close to the
 over our forecast horizon.
 as the output gap is still wide.
 Lastly, we expect the first rate hike of the cycle to come in the last quarter of 2021.
 from the first quarter of 2022 previously.
 While we see only 125 basis points rate hike this year in the last meeting of 2021, a faster
 period of time.
 opening of the economy than we
 currently expect in an environment of high terms of trade would probably lead the central bank to
 increase rates by more before the year ends.
 In Colombia, we expect the economy to bounce back with growth of 5% this year
 after shrinking by 6.8% in 2020.
 We also expect a broadly stable current account deficit this year
 at a wide 3.4% of GDP compared with 3.3% of GDP last year.
 Inflation is on track to close this year at 2.8%.
 We believe that the still large output gap, along with well-behaved inflation and inflation
 expectations, support rates remain stable at a low 1.75% for the remainder of this year.
 However, the risks tilt toward early rate hikes
 if global financial conditions keep tightening.
 Now, moving forward, let's talk about how the bank performed for these three months of
 course.
 2021.
 On slide 7, we share some of the highlights for the first quarter of 2021.
 Our consolidated net income was 95.1 billion trillion pesos
 and $84 billion
 Chimentesos in Chile, which is the highest quarterly net income in our history.
 Consolidated return on tangible equity was 21.5%
 and return on tangible equity for our Chilean operation was 25.4%.
 Our revenues in Chile were boosted by financial mortgages with the market.
 Expense growth remains subdued, with costs declining 0.4% quarter-on-quarter.
 Cost of credit was quite benign across all our portfolios, resulting in an 89.3 reduction relative to last quarter.
 when we reinforce provisions for corporate and SME clients.
 Why we do not believe that the levels of profitability achieved in the first quarter
 will be maintained going forward.
 We do believe that this strong first quarter sets up for a significant rebound in profitability this year.
 Moving on to slide 8, we showed that our loan portfolio grew by 1.4% in the first quarter, which is broadly in line with our guidance of mid-single-digit loan growth for 2021.
 which we've won.
 Our portfolio grew 2.3% in retail and 1% in wholesale, also in line with our strategy
 and guidance of focusing on retail growth
 while being selective in terms of the returns for wholesale lending.
 Our strategy for wholesale has enabled us to significantly improve margins
 and, therefore, to achieve higher returns on capital.
 On slide 9, we see that our financial margins with clients in Chile decreased 1.6% in the
 first quarter, mainly due to seasonal effect of the sale of the student loan portfolio
 in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 On the graphic below, which explains the change in our first quarter 21 margins with clients
 versus the fourth quarter of 20, we see the effect of higher margins on commercial loans
 as well as on deposits.
 Those positive contributions were upset by a change in credit portfolio mix, mainly due
 to the contraction of the consumer portfolio as a result of the pandemic, as well as by
 reduction in average loan volumes.
 Moving on to slide 10, we showed that our financial margins with the market was 60.5
 billion pesos in the
 first quarter, about
 21 billion pesos higher
 than that of the fourth quarter of 2020,
 despite a lower exposure to the U.S., a decrease in P500 billion and a lower inflation.
 Revenues were high across our trading and banking businesses, despite a 45% reduction in inflation exposure since the third quarter of last year.
 Here on slide 11, we can see our main credit risk indicators in show.
 Cost of credit in the first quarter was 24.8 billion trillion pesos,
 which corresponds to 0.5% of our average loan portfolio.
 We are seeing a quite benign credit risk across our portfolios.
 In retail, the NPLs of the retail and consumer credits that did not receive any payment relief are below mid-2019 levels.
 That is, pre-pandemic and pre-social unrest.
 The credits that did receive payment relief are in all repayment now and performing better than expected.
 In wholesale, we did have one corporate case rolling to NPL,
 but it was already adequately provisioned, so it did not have any significant impact on P&L.
 The movements that you see in commercial NPLs, total NPLs,
 and NPL coverage are mostly explained by that one case
 and therefore do not reflect overall portfolio trends.
 As a result of the provisions we established in 2020, our NPL coverage ratio remains very
 high in historical terms despite the decrease shown in the spotter.
 coverage evolution
 quarter over quarter is consistent with our expected
 loss provisioning model, which allow us to be ahead of the NPL cycle while maintaining
 high levels of protections through the cycle.
 As for our perspective for the year, we are training towards the low end of the range
 we provided as guidance for cost of credit, which was
 between 1% and 1.3%.
 On slide 12, we show non-interest expenses for the quarter,
 which have remained very much under control, decreasing 0.4% quarter over quarter,
 while the efficiency ratio
 improved by five percentage points.
 Despite the above inflation increase in costs year over year, which resulted mainly from
 the fact that in the first quarter
 2020 was
 positively affected by reversal
 of variable compensation provisions.
 We maintain our guidance of a cost growth below inflation for 2021.
 Now, moving on to slide 13, we show that our liquidity provisions remain very strong with
 both
 LCR
 in NSF4
 at historically high levels
 since 2020, boosted in part by government liquidity support measures.
 In slide 14, we can see that Colombia as well had a positive impact on the quarter, reaching
 at 8.2%
 managerial return over tangible equity.
 Operating trends were positive as well, with 3% quarter-on-quarter loan growth, a rebound
 in operation revenues
 and a normalization of cost of credit
 a significantly lower cost.
 On slide 15, we see our fully loaded set-one capital ratio increased by 50 basis points
 year over year.
 and 20 basis points quarter over quarter.
 We expect our capital ratios to improve steadily going forward
 as our profitability recovers
 and we continue to advance
 in our capital efficiency efforts.
 As I mentioned in the last call, we are discussing internally at the highest levels how best
 to address our capitalization ratios going forward,
 considering our upcoming acquisition of additional interest
 in Itaú Corpanca, Colômbia,
 as well as the rowing of basal 3.
 we will make the relevant disclosures of information as it becomes available.
 Let's move on to the next part of the presentation.
 On slide 17, I will recap our evolution in the last 12-month period, and on the following
 it's light, I will share the progress
 that we have made so far.
 When facing a crisis scenario, of a scenario never seen before in March 2020,
 Our adaptation and management capabilities were tested.
 Our robust governance and solid risk management allow us to continue to run the bank
 for under those challenging circumstances.
 As you know, we promptly organized our operations and prepared the bank for the crisis.
 We acted quickly to ensure our customers had appropriate remote access to the bank,
 while at the same time developing solutions needed for that period.
 It was a time of taking care of our people, our customers, and the bank, and we fully
 focused on that
 From September 2010 to 2020 onwards, we began to shift our focus to building the bank of
 the future. Leveraging what
 we learn and develop during the
 crisis.
 In the months that follow, we develop our transformation plan based on the pillars of
 a strategic focus on simplicity
 and digitization
 in an agile working model,
 and a disciplined approach to achieving sustainable results.
 If we can please move to slide 18.
 before sharing some of the advances in this strategy
 I would like to first to introduce our new organization structure.
 we made important
 change to our executive
 Committee to ensure that we have the right structure and the right talent with the necessary
 skill set to lead this transformation process.
 The most relevant structural changes are, one, we created a digital business development
 Management Division, which is
 in charge of our transformation overall as well as the most
 innovative elements of our plan.
 And two, the decentralization of our operations, which was key to reinforce customer centricity and agility.
 In addition to structure changes, we also brought over new heads of technology for the Wholesale Bank.
 On July 19, we introduced Eduardo Neves as the new head of IT, who has been working with
 us since April, and Sebastián Romero, as head of the wholesale banking, replacing Christian
 Tauba, who will leave us
 in September.
 Both Eduardo and Sebastian are top executives with experience in the industry
 and strong track records, as you can see in their mini-bios on this page.
 On July 20, I would like to reintroduce Jorge Novis as the head of our new digital business
 development division.
 Jorge has been with us for a few years now.
 Lastly, as head of operations.
 Previously, he led several business transformation programs at Itauni Banco, which gave him relevant
 experience and made him the
 best person to lead the
 transformation office we have
 created to implement our new strategy. The transformation office will coordinate and
 oversee the transformation process, supported by dedicated IT, finance, and HR sales, and
 working closely with each
 of the work stream leaders and teams.
 It is worth mentioning that this structure and the overall methodology we are following
 to implement the transformation has been successfully deployed
 in Itauni Banco, as well as in other banks and companies in different regions.
 After describing how we are setting ourselves up to deliver the transformation plan,
 I don't know
 comment on the progress we have
 have already made over the last few months, starting on slide 21.
 We recently announced a strategic alliance with HAPI, a leading digital player in Latin
 America, through which we seek to bring innovative and disruptive ways of providing financial
 services to both individuals and companies in Chile.
 Through this partnership, we are integrating financial services into a large ecosystem,
 which enables us to assess a large customer base,
 to boost our growth while adding value to the ecosystem.
 We expect to launch the first products of our partnerships
 on the third quarter of this year.
 In our journey of customer experience transformation, we have made significant
 problems.
 over the last year, as you can see on the left-hand side of slide 22.
 Thank you.
 Having said that, we are not at all satisfied as we regard the low NPS of the banking industry
 General Chile as a clear
 opportunity for us to
 disrupt the market.
 On the digital front, we have made huge progress with our new app,
 which is now ranked number one in Chile in the three major app stores.
 As you might recall, in the fourth quarter 2020, we launched a digital wallet that allows
 payments in smartphones and smart
 watches, making them easier
 and safer, as well as
 offering both Visa and MasterCard options for our clients.
 Three months later, we have seen an increasing adoption of this functionality.
 A few weeks ago, we launched the InvertMass checking account, which enables quick and
 easy access to our open investment platform through a 100% digital platform with a hassle-free
 onboarding.
 On July 23, we present our innovative organization model at a glance.
 We are moving towards an agile working model at scale
 with full integration across all areas.
 The first step on this journey is integrating business and technology in
 the world.
 teams pursuing business
 objectives,
 broken
 down into three-month
 springs.
 This migration towards an agile operation model allow us to simplify the organization structure
 and therefore accelerate decision-making through empowered multidisciplinary teams.
 This year, we also have been recognized for our excellence in key areas.
 For example,
 the best trade finance provider
 by Global Finance and Banking.
 Best Asset Management in Fixed Income by Morningstar
 and the Deal of the Year by IFR Awards
 for our role in the emission of the Peruvian government.
 Wrapping up, we started 2021 strong, which is just the first step on the journey to achieving
 the goal.
 sustainable results.
 We are fully conscious that much remains to be done.
 And that is why we are in full transformation mode
 to achieve our medium to long-term performance aspirations.
 With this, we conclude the presentation part we have for you today.
 and we would gladly take any questions that you might have.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone or on the webcast.
 you can submit the question using the Q&A box.
 Once again, that's star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 Your first question is from the line of Jason Molling from Scotia Bank.
 Your line is now open.
 Hello. Thanks for the opportunity to ask questions, Gabrielle Rodrigo-Claia.
 Yeah. My first question is just on overall profitability.
 you highlighted the trend in
 in cost of risk
 and the strong trading and um and we have some guidance for the full year i'm just trying to
 get a sense if we kind of normalize
 the provisions and normalize trading.
 And I mean, I think use some kind of 20 percent tax rate around there.
 it seems to me that you
 You know, your return on equity that you're showing to almost 21% is pretty impressive.
 but it's you know when we normalize we would be at probably half that level or or even slightly
 below and I just wanted to
 get a sense if I'm thinking
 about that right for the rest of the year
 and then
 on this
 My second question is related to your agreement with Rappi.
 Is this an exclusive agreement?
 I think you talked about some terms.
 I think there's some period
 through which it may be.
 but if you can talk a little bit on how that's going to work.
 Thank you.
 Sure, thank you for your question, Jason.
 As you mentioned in this,
 your first question
 I don't think that we are saying that we are going to have a 25% return on tangible equity in the operation in Chile on a sustainable basis.
 I think it was a very good quarter in terms of financial margins with the market, as well
 with a cost of credit below
 what we thought
 we might have for
 this year.
 But as I previously mentioned, we do see a lot of potential for the asset that we have in Chile.
 I think that the guidance that we had for long-term cost of credit was something around 0.8%.
 As you remember, we always discuss this number as a business-as-usual sustainable cost of credit given our mix of portfolio.
 the number
 that we saw
 was
 0.5%.
 as a matter of fact
 if you take the numbers for
 Itaú, Chile,
 in Corbank on a separate basis
 between 2012
 2012 and 2015, I think that you're going to have an average of 0.5%.
 So it's nothing that new.
 Of course, we didn't expect for this credit cycle.
 So I would say if we normalize this
 and normalize the financial margins with the market,
 we will encounter a lower return on tangible equity.
 Having said that, I'm quite optimistic with the year that we have.
 We are seeing good results in terms of the spreads.
 We were able to increase the spread that we have on the wholesale portfolio.
 we still have some challenges
 on the consumer portfolio.
 and as I mentioned before
 when I think about the
 the potential
 potential
 about return on tangible equity for operation
 in Chile, I think 16% is something achievable from what I see here in the projections that
 we have
 So we don't have any specific guidance for the year,
 but I'm hoping for better numbers than the ones that you mentioned
 for the return that we have for this year,
 And we hope for better returns approaching the 15-16% return on tangible equity on a sustainable basis for the bank.
 at least this is the plan that we have
 for
 happy we have
 negotiated for six months
 with
 Simone Borrero who is
 the CEO,
 with happy
 globally
 for this joint venture that we have
 with them, we have exclusivity
 over the application of HAPI for the distribution of financial services,
 both for the client that HAPI has
 It has over 1 million clients in Chile, as well as on the company side for all the providers that HAPI has of companies that are selling the services through the platform.
 We also have the exclusivity for the distribution of financial services.
 It's a new model.
 we, if you take our experience
 and Itauni Banco of doing partnerships with retailers.
 We were quite successful in achieving that.
 we are developing this model with Chile
 we're happy, so I think there are
 good opportunities for us
 with all the flow of clients that they have incorporating a new attraction model for the bank,
 as well as to learn more
 from a company that has been
 widely successful
 in
 in developing its digital model throughout Latin America
 to learn from them
 and apply what we learn into our business.
 that's at least
 the ambition that we have for HAPI.
 Thank you very much.
 Sure.
 Your next question is from Sebastian from Credit Corp Capital.
 your line is now open.
 Hello, everyone, Gabriel, Claudia, and the rest of the team, Rodrigo.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 I have several questions today.
 the first one
 on capital
 Gabriel, you mentioned
 during the presentation
 that the new information
 will be disclosed
 when it is available.
 So the key question here is, what are your initial thoughts considering the recovery
 of profitability, the potential needs that the bank may have, and when do you expect
 to be
 to have these disclosures
 for the market
 they'll be
 the initial question uh the second question uh is regarding overall profitability going back to the
 question of Jason
 because you talk a lot about how
 sustainable
 are a return
 non-tangible equity will be between 15 to 16 percent in Chile.
 but you
 continue to fail
 to talk about
 consolidated
 profitability and talk about the picture
 in Colombia.
 So my specific question here would be, what are the trends that you're looking at on a consolidated basis for profitability?
 and what's the outlook, including from a strategic point of view
 in Colombia, also considering
 recent challenges
 at the fiscal front.
 And the third question will be, we saw a minor impairment on the managerial result, and I'm wondering if you could expand on that impairment charge that you made during the quarter.
 and if we should expect
 new impairments
 throughout the year.
 Thank you very much.
 Sure. Thank you for your question, Sebastian.
 First on capital, as I mentioned in the previous call, when we take a look at the first plan
 that we have of doing all the convergence to Basel III
 with generating and retaining capital prior to 2025.
 I think that plan was mostly affected by the effects that we saw in 2019 due to the social
 pandemic.
 in Chile and the cost of credit
 that entailed
 and of course
 the dividend payment that we had
 of a dividend payout of 100% in the past
 as well as all the pandemic adjustments that we did on the portfolio last year.
 So taking the time that went through and taking our ability to generate and retain capital during those years,
 I think that the plan has to change.
 And this is the discussion that we now have with the board and with the controlling
 of the board.
 holder in terms of the
 capital structure that we have in the bank
 and how we will converge through time.
 time.
 We do not have any specific information to share with you right now regarding timing
 and also amounts of an eventual capitalization of the bank.
 but I can tell you that we will have new information this year to share with you.
 Your second question was about overall profitability.
 When I take a look at Chile, the answer is the same that I gave to Jason.
 when I take a look at Colombia
 I think things are more challenging in Colombia.
 as you saw, we had a dilution
 of basically three or four percentage points in Colombia.
 that's coming from 25, if I'm coming out of 16, for instance,
 The potential dilution will be lower than that, something around 2%, as I mentioned previously, previous calls.
 I think it has been challenging in Colombia because we were affected in our go-to-market
 strategy as things
 also become
 more complicated in Colombia
 especially because of the pandemic
 I still think that it's possible for the Colombian business to converge to its cost of equity around 12%.
 And we had an 8% return on the first quarter, which I think, then again, not different from Chile.
 I think that we're probably going to see a lower return in Colombia than 8% for this year.
 I don't think that Colombia will dilute us more than 2%, but we are now discussing what are the options that we have to increase our shareholder's equity value creation for the business in Colombia.
 and I think that the
 advanced answer that we have so far
 and focusing more
 the bank in some specific segments, and we're going to share this with you this year as well.
 For the impact of the impairment, I think it would be a good idea if Rodrigo can discuss this with you.
 Rodrigo?
 Yes. Hello, Selekson.
 So we have two things in our non-recurring results.
 One is the amortization of the intangibles generated through business combinations.
 that's a treatment that we have every quarter
 so there's nothing new there.
 and I can tell you that there was no
 impairment either of goodwill
 or often tangibles to business combinations, okay?
 so they're
 the only thing there was,
 was the regular amortization of these combinations.
 The impairment that we did have, which is like 1.3 billion pesos,
 was related to some technology assets related to the systems consolidation.
 As you might remember, we did a larger impairment in December, and this is some residual impairment of technology assets.
 We do not expect any major impairment going forward.
 Having said that, we review our intangible assets, and we also review our fixed assets
 and we might have some small movements throughout the year.
 Very clear.
 Thank you very much for the answers.
 Once again, if you wish to ask a question, simply press star, then the number 1 on your
 cell phone keypad, or send a question via your webcast tool using the Q&A box.
 Your last question is from the line of George Friedman from Citibank.
 your line is now open
 Hello, good morning, everyone. Thank you for the opportunity to make questions.
 So I'd like to try to get a bit more color about your expectations on the revenue front.
 I think it was very clear already
 from the comments of Gabriel
 what to expect in terms of
 find out coming profitability
 for the year
 How to get there. If you could, you know, Gabriel, remind us what are the trends that, you know, support your ALM results?
 because even though, you know, everybody, you know, makes a call on how unsustainable these numbers might be,
 uh i also you know noticed that uh you know last quarter it was strong
 this quarter
 it was strong
 and I think
 it might be associated
 to ALM
 given levels of rates or something else.
 So if you could, you know, help us through understanding what has sustained these levels of, you know, NII with the market, that would be helpful.
 This is the first question.
 And the second question,
 but also focusing on revenue generation,
 if you could
 you know
 give us
 some ideas about
 What are the trends expected for Finkham?
 one of your
 competitors last
 week
 you know, release the guidance expecting 8% to 10% increase of income throughout the year
 as, you know, the reopening takes place and activity increases.
 Is this a trend that we could also expect for the other banks in the banking system?
 Thank you very much.
 Sure.
 Thank you for your question, Jörg.
 I think that when I take a look at
 over the next few years
 I think that revenue generation will be key
 in order to maintain the levels of results
 that I mentioned before.
 through this year
 I think that we're still going to be a little bit shy than the long-term projections that we have on revenues, mainly because of two things.
 we still see at least
 on the first semester of this year
 a little bit
 shy
 the
 volumes special
 especially on the consumer front.
 We saw some resilience on the mortgages portfolio.
 As you saw, we are increasing 8% year over year.
 it was a market that is more resilient
 and has a higher latency in terms of being affected by an economic downturn.
 on the other hand
 we were able to
 if you take a look at how interest rates
 have fallen
 for the past few years
 and the resiliency
 that we had on spreads, I think it was quite good,
 especially on the wholesale part of the portfolio.
 As you mentioned, we were very focused on making sure that we are increasing the value creation of the credits that we are in.
 We are able also to maintain or expand the spread that we have on the retail side.
 but of course
 if you take a look at the portfolio as a whole
 In terms of the mix, it was affected as we are decreasing, less than the market, but truly decreasing the consumer portfolio as all the effects of the pandemic.
 If we take a look at the fees, as you mentioned, I mean, growing out fees by 8% from the fall
 that we have last year,
 I think it's something feasible,
 but it has to do more with the stocking base that we have
 than compared to the numbers that we had in 2019.
 and I think that
 probably
 that comment goes as well
 for the industry
 you have to remember that in Chile
 not like Brazil
 which the fees are more
 on the service side
 the fees in Chile, especially in our case, are more linked to credit concession
 in terms of the insurance products that we have,
 in terms of the fees that we charge for structuring credits on the wholesale.
 So, as we see on the second semester, a better activity on credit concessions, I do see a
 rebound in fees and I think that the numbers that you mentioned are very reasonable for the year
 that we have
 But the main drivers that we are seeing in terms of the profitability for this year
 is growing the revenues that we have.
 I'm sorry.
 but I see
 the normalization of
 our cost of credit
 and a strong cost
 control.
 I think that's
 For this year, I think that will be the main highlight for the bank.
 As you saw, we are doing well in Treasury.
 We are the first bank, for instance, in Chile for FX trading for our clients and also for derivatives.
 So we do see a strong treasury in terms of the activity with clients, and you see those numbers.
 but then again I think that
 converging to the
 bottom or perhaps better than the bottom of the guidance that we issued for cost of credit.
 It's a strong driver.
 I don't feel that if we are at the bottom of the range
 or even lower than the range that we provided with cost of credit
 is something that it's not
 sustainable for the bank
 as I mentioned several times
 before, what I do see
 is a cost of credit
 on a business-as-usual situation
 for the bank
 is something around 0.8%.
 so converging on that
 strong cost
 efficiency
 and growing revenue
 steadily for the next few years
 I think that will converge the profitability to what we mentioned before.
 I don't know if I answer your question
 You're okay.
 Oh, thank you very much, Gabriel.
 Yeah, actually, you answered even more than what was questioned.
 and I really appreciate the color.
 but if he could
 And, you know, just, you know, touch base once again on NII with the market.
 so what are really the trends
 we should
 monitor to understand
 the levels of these results
 or whether we should expect already for the coming quarters a reversion to the mean,
 which was, you know, over the last year, something around 25 billion pesos per quarter.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, what probably we are going to see are lower returns on Treasury.
 I don't think that we can repeat the pattern that we have sustainably going forward.
 I do see good results
 for the next quarter
 But then again, maintaining the level of profitability in financial margins with the market, I think, would be tough.
 But I do see reactivation of volumes in other fronts.
 So I think that we will not fully compensate the lower return on the financial margins
 with the market throughout the year
 with financial margins,
 with clients
 That takes a little bit of time.
 but then again
 as I mentioned with the
 Fogapi loans that we
 put forward
 that we have a good guarantee
 and I think that we were able to
 put forward
 a good portfolio on SMEs.
 the level of profitability
 that we have for our
 deposits. If you take a look at deposits year over year,
 At retail, we rose almost 70% of our current account deposits.
 So those operational trends, they are quite good.
 But then again, I think that what we are going to see on the first semester of the year
 is more a market-dominant return.
 in what we are going to see on the second semester is more a client-dominated return.
 And I think I like better the second one because it's more sustainable throughout time,
 even though if you take a look at the results that we had in Treasury for the last few years,
 they are quite good and sustainable.
 So I think that to achieve the level of returns
 that we are talking about for this year,
 probably it's going to be more concentrated on the second semester
 in terms of the growth of the portfolio
 to the mid-single digits that we have talked about within the guidance.
 If you take our guidance and you put it forward, probably you will rise in the returns that we are talking about.
 That's perfect. Super clear. Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Jörg.
 There are no further questions.
 Claudia, please go ahead.
 Hello.
 We have two questions from the console that we will answer now.
 So the first question coming from Florencia Estefani with Lara Invial, Florencia says,
 Hi, Gabrielle.
 Could you give us some guidance about the net income for this year and the evolution in coming years?
 Okay.
 I think it is similar to the discussion that we had on the previous answers.
 But I think it gives me the opportunity of making something clear.
 I don't think that we are saying that we do believe that for the Chilean operation, even for the consolidated return of 20 plus something percent, it's something that is sustainable taking a look at the future of the bank.
 In the same way, I think it's reasonable to say that the results that we went through on the last few years,
 giving all the adjustments that we needed to do in the portfolio
 do not fully represent the potential value
 that we have for the bank.
 So I think it's important to take a look at the balance of both things
 because it's easy to somehow
 this contract
 the the results that we are having this quarter but it's also important to take
 a look at the context of the results that we
 have in the past.
 seeing the big picture
 as we always mention
 I think for the Chilean operation, we can clearly see a result sustainable between 15% and 16% of return on tangible equity.
 it's true that we have still
 to solve
 the Columbia operation.
 as I mentioned also before
 We think that the Colombian operation is at least two years behind what we did in Chile.
 I still think it's possible
 for the Columbia operation to converge
 to a return on tangible equity around 12%,
 which is the cost of equity that we assign to Colombia.
 And given that, the dilution, especially because we have less than around 20% of the assets on the Colombian operation,
 will be less than 2% on the overall picture.
 I think it's important to see through the cycle
 in the same way that we were optimistic taking a look at the future
 when we did all the adjustments
 that was necessary
 for the bank during the
 pandemic and before the pandemic, mainly on the cost of
 credit. I think it's impossible.
 I think it's possible and reasonable
 to have the same expectation that we have right now.
 So I do feel that we have a strong asset.
 I do feel that it's possible
 to achieve the results that we're seeing.
 and I do feel that the transformation process
 that we are going through
 will give strong
 days for this bank to continue to grow
 and maintain those
 those levels for all the future.
 Thank you, Gabrielle.
 we have one last question today
 coming from Felipe Torres at Visecorp.
 Felipe says, thanks for the presentation.
 Could you give us some guidance regarding low growth, cost of risk, means, and net income
 regarding the Colombian operation?
 Hi, Filippi.
 we do not disclose
 Guidance
 For the
 Colombian operation because
 we're still stabilizing the operation, as we mentioned before.
 It's hard for us to come up with some numbers for Colombia,
 giving all the volatility that the bank has
 and also the volatility of the market.
 Having said that, I think that the Colombian operation is experiencing the same effects
 that we saw in Chile
 that all the work
 that was done
 throughout the past few years are generating results.
 So in terms of the credit losses that we have, it's much more stable given all the provisions that we did last year and the years before that as well.
 When you take a look at expenses, we were able to grow expenses less than inflation and less than the market.
 so those are
 or two comments for cost of credit and also for expenses.
 I think that the main
 volatility that we have is for
 income. I think that
 we had a portfolio that didn't perform in terms of the commercial performance
 as we would like, then again, I think that works in our favor in this moment
 that I think that the relationship
 between risk and return
 is more opaque
 during the pandemic
 So we didn't grow 25% of the commercial portfolio as we saw some banks growing in Colombia in 2019.
 I think that went in our favor.
 and we also went out of some portfolios that we thought had higher risk.
 So we were able to adjust the bank in terms of its balance sheet,
 in terms of its operational value.
 and now we have to construct
 over this
 as we mentioned
 we are thinking about how to
 better tackle this
 Probably the strategy that we had, which was a strategy based on being a universal bank for all segments in Colombia, is a strategy that it's very difficult to implement given the scale that we have.
 And we would like more to focus on our operation in some specific segments.
 Having said that, I think that's something that we can discuss a few months in the future as we work out the plan that we have.
 This was our last question, Gabrielle.
 So I think that you can take part of that remark.
 Brilliant. Thank you so much for your participation and for the questions that you have.
 As always, Rodrigo, Claudia, and I, I'm always available for you.
 I'm very
 positive with the year that we have looking forward and also with all the changes that
 we are doing with the bank
 I think that it's the beginning of a new chapter in our history, and we will keep you updated as we move along.
 Thank you very much.
 And with that, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for attending.
 you may not disconnect.
 presenters, please stand by.
 Thank you.