 Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone.
 Earlier today, we reported third quarter 2017 adjusted earnings of $814 million and adjusted
 and earnings per share of $2.45.
 year-over-year growth of 11% and 18% respectively.
 Our third quarter results reflect strong core business
 Fundamentals driven by Discipline Pricing.
 moderate medical cost trend,
 and continued capital deployment.
 I'll begin with some comments on overall performance.
 Our medical membership of 22.2 million is in line
 with our expectations for the period.
 adjusted revenue was $14.9 billion, a year-over-year decrease driven by a planned reduction in
 commercial ACA insured membership, the 2017 suspension of the health insurer fee, and
 and known Medicaid contract losses.
 These dynamics were partially offset by higher premium yields in our commercial and government
 businesses and membership growth in our Medicare products.
 From an operating perspective, our businesses are performing well.
 Our adjusted pre-tax margin was 9.2%, a very strong result, and at the high end of our
 target range.
 Our third quarter total health-medical benefit ratio
 was 81.9%, an improvement of 10 basis points compared to the same period last year.
 Our third-portal results reflect strong underwriting performance that more than offset the approximately
 a 200 basis point impact of the one year suspension
 of the health insurer fee.
 Our adjusted expense ratio was 17.5 percent, a 10 basis point improvement over the third
 quarter of 2016, driven primarily by the suspension of the health insurer fee in 2017 and the
 a continued execution of our expense, management,
 initiatives, partially offset by the targeted investment spending on growth initiatives
 discussed on prior earnings calls this year.
 From a balance sheet perspective, we remain confident in the adequacy of our reserves.
 We experience favorable prior period reserve development
 in the quarter across all of our core products.
 primarily attributable to second quarter 2017 date of service.
 And our days claims payable were stable sequentially
 at 54 days at the end of the quarter.
 Turning to cash flow and capital. Our year-to-date healthcare and group insurance cash flows were approximately 1.5 times net earnings
 During the quarter, we distributed $166 million
 through our quarterly shareholder dividend,
 and we repurchase $545 million of our shares.
 You're today.
 we have returned a total of approximately $4.3 billion
 shareholders through share repurchases in our quarterly shareholder dividend.
 In short...
 We are pleased with our third quarter result and the continued successful execution of
 of our strategy to become a more consumer-focused company.
 I will now discuss the key drivers
 of our third quarter results in greater detail.
 beginning with our government business.
 We delivered another solid quarter, continuing our positive momentum from the first half
 of 2017.
 From a membership perspective,
 we grew by 23,000 Medicare members in the quarter,
 including growth of 11,000 in individual Medicare Advantage.
 Our Medicaid membership declined by approximately 218,000 members in the quarter, primarily
 driven by our June 30 exit of the Maryland AFC contract.
 membership decline was in line with our previous projection for the period.
 We grew our third quarter of 2017 government premiums, which represent over half of our
 total health care premiums to $6.7 billion.
 Medicare premiums grew nearly 5% compared to the prior year period, driven by strong
 premium growth of 12% in individual Medicare Advantage. Medicaid premiums declined year
 year-over-year due to previously disclosed state contract exits.
 Our government-medical-benefit ratio was 82.4 percent.
 a continuation of the strong results we achieved
 in this business during the first half of the year.
 Shifting to our commercial business, which also had a very strong third quarter
 from an operating margin perspective.
 We grew insured commercial membership in the quarter
 by 177,000 members.
 reflecting international growth related to our acquisition
 of Bupa Group's Thailand business.
 partially offset by our continued repositioning
 and small group ACA related products, which
 drove reduced small group insured membership.
 From a year-over-year perspective, total commercial premiums were lower, largely the result of
 of our reduced ACA compliant individual and small group
 exposure, and the suspension of the health insurer fee.
 partially offset by higher premium yields.
 However, our large group commercial premiums were
 modestly higher as compared to the third quarter of 2016.
 despite the impact of the suspension
 of the health insurance fee.
 Commercial medical benefit ratio was 81.4% for the quarter.
 a very good result and a 240 basis point improvement
 over the third quarter of 2016.
 despite the negative influence of the suspension
 of the health insurer fee, to better understand the year
 over your comparison.
 Let me discuss the drivers of our underwriting results
 by product group.
 continuing the momentum from the first half of the year.
 We delivered another strong quarter of underwriting result
 in our large group commercial-insured products.
 Our third quarter results reflect continued pricing
 discipline, and moderate medical cost trends.
 Based on our year-to-date 2017 results,
 We now expect our 2017 non-ACA
 core commercial medical cost trends
 will be approximately 5.5%.
 We also had a strong quarter of underwriting results in our small group commercial product as we continue to have success in
 in repositioning these products
 improve their profitability.
 Moving to our ACA compliant individual commercial product, our third quarter results were largely
 be in line with our expectation.
 with lower losses compared to the same period last year,
 due in large part to our reduced membership.
 Based on our third-order results and excluding prior year items, we continue to project an
 underlying loss on 2017 ACA-compliant individual commercial products.
 Everything to our fee-based group commercial business.
 through commercial ASD membership by 95,000 members
 in the third quarter.
 We now serve nearly 410,000 more commercial ASD members compared to the same period last
 year.
 From a profitability perspective, our group commercial fee-based business had another
 solid quarter, exceeding our previous expectations.
 Moving on to the balance sheet, our financial position, capital structure, and liquidity
 all continue to be very strong. At September 30, we had a debt to total capitalization ratio of
 approximately 39.5%.
 reflecting our decision in the quarter to pre-fund
 $1 billion of debt maturities that come due in the fourth quarter of 2017.
 We expect our year-end 2017 debt-to-total capitalization ratio to come back down to
 be more in line with our targeted range.
 looking at cash and investments at the parent.
 We started the quarter with approximately $203 million.
 subsidiary dividends to the parent were $705 million.
 We issued $1 billion in debt in the quarter.
 We paid $1 billion in debt in the quarter.
 a shareholder dividend of $166 million.
 We use $545 million to repurchase shares.
 And we ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion
 cash at the parent, reflecting the previously discussed
 pre-funding of 4th quarter 2017 debt maturities.
 Our basic share count was approximately $326.1 million at September 30th.
 This morning, we increased our 2017 adjusted earnings per share guidance to approximately
 $79.75 based on continued strong performance in the third quarter.
 Their updated 2017 projections are influenced by the following drivers.
 We now project our full year 2017 adjusted revenue to be approximately $60.5 billion,
 to the bestiture of our U.S. group life and disability businesses.
 We now project that our full-year total health care medical benefit ratio will be approximately
 82.3%. This improved outlook is driven by continued moderate medical cost. We now project
 are adjusted pre-tax margin to be approximately 8.9% consistent with our high single-digit
 target.
 We now project adjusted earnings will be nearly $3.3 billion.
 We now project full-year 2017 dividends from subsidiaries to be up to $3.2 billion, excluding
 any dividends related to the cash consideration received for the sale of our U.S. group life
 and disability businesses.
 Dividends related to the sale, we expect to end the year with approximately $400 million
 and parent cash reflecting the repayment of $1 billion of debt
 maturities during the fourth quarter in additional capital deployment.
 the balance of our 2017 guidance metrics remain unchanged
 and can be found on our guidance summary.
 As is our convention, we will not be providing
 any 2018 projections on today's call.
 However, I will provide some directional commentary
 to help investors better understand
 some of the larger moving items
 that we expect will impact 2018 adjusted revenue
 and adjusted earnings.
 As you know, as a matter of course, we do not include prior years reserve development in our forward earnings projections.
 Additionally, 2017 results benefited from the final assessment of 2016 risk adjustment
 and re-insurance for ACA compliant products.
 based on our updated 2017 adjusted EPS projection.
 and a combination of these two items,
 we believe Aetna's 2017 baseline adjusted earnings
 the approximately $8.75 per share.
 While we are still working through our planning process,
 we have incorporated a number of challenges
 in our forward outlook.
 from an adjusted revenue perspective, these include
 the previously disclosed sale of our U.S. group life
 and disability businesses.
 previously disclosed Medicaid contract exits, our exit from individual commercial products,
 and our continued repositioning of our ACA-compliant small group commercial products.
 We project these top-line challenges will also pressure adjusted earnings in 2018.
 In addition to these items,
 we project adjusted earnings growth
 to be pressured by the reintroduction of the industry
 non-deductible health insurgency, creating a headwind of approximately 25 cents in 2018
 due to the timing of revenue and expense recognition.
 We also expect this reintroduction to produce incremental experience rating pressure in
 in our large group insured products.
 In 2018, we do see a number of opportunities,
 including are projected above industry growth
 an individual Medicare Advantage and strong growth in group
 Medicare Advantage products.
 the full-year impact of 2017 capital deployment actions
 and the potential to deploy additional capital
 to improve adjusted EPS growth.
 the reduction of losses from exiting individual commercial products in 2018, and our ability
 to achieve expense efficiencies as we continue to simplify our processes and drive for best
 in-class business performance.
 In closing, as we begin the final quarter of 2017 and continue to plan for 2018, we are
 encouraged by what has been a strong adjusted EPS growth year in 2017, despite some top
 challenges.
 will remain competent in our ability to drive long-term adjusted EPS growth over time.
 I will now turn the call back over to Joe.
 Josh, I think you have a question.
 I think your overall characterization of 18 and 19 is correct.
 And when you think about a lot of the spending
 that we've been doing, especially in the second half
 the year, a lot of that actually has been more pointed at 2019 growth, particularly in
 Medicare, for example, with ongoing geographic expansion.
 a lot of the expenditures were doing
 around analytics and technology and digital platform
 are also things that have a multi-year sort of growth
 dynamic to them.
 So I think when you think about 19,
 And we would largely think about Medicare continuing on that above industry growth trajectory
 that it's been on.
 I would continue to think about our large group,
 you know, core businesses sort of being in that mid-single digits, which they've
 largely been on, and what will be a driver, I think,
 around 19 actually will be Medicaid.
 And, you know, if we can get back on the low double-digit track of Medicaid earnings growth.
 and obviously we're making some investment there
 around sort of our procurement and re-procurement
 prophecies.
 But that, I think, will ultimately
 turn out to be the linchpin around sort of the degree of growth for 2019.
 There's a dynamic here of going on of the Moved Alternate Funding, right, which sometimes
 were saving some of those members, but they're in a reduced revenue profile.
 The other thing I would say that I think has happened this year is when we look at that
 business we've largely got that business back into a target margin range and so I think
 the repositioning is more successful
 then just sort of the revenue line might
 might indicate on the surface.
 a fair amount is coming.
 I mean, we're getting both.
 It's both large group and small group,
 but there's a fair amount of strength
 in the underlying small group move into that market.
 So let me be clear about 2018.
 I think in response to Josh's question,
 I was concurring that it wouldn't be a growth year.
 I don't think I said that it would be a down year.
 I do think, you know, it's important to, you know, on these revenue issues, right, we have a good handle on what the revenue is.
 The individual exit is a little north of a billion.
 the group insurance, the vestiture is $2 billion,
 and the Medicaid exits are probably approaching $2 billion.
 So there's a lot of...
 lot in this repositioning there to sort of hold flat.
 I think, as we mentioned, some of what we did this year
 was to try to accelerate SG&A spending and spend it in Lua,
 You know, maybe spending it in the future.
 We've done that.
 some of the spending that we've ramped up this year won't recur, but to your point,
 I think in this business when you're challenged
 on the top line.
 you just really need to take the action on the SGNA line
 through your productivity measures and elsewhere.
 I think that'll be part of sort of the role forward
 for having a successful 2018,
 we'll be managing this de-leveraging.
 What we've tried to do is actually characterize it as other people have characterized it in this cycle.
 So what I would say is that the combination of sort of the accounting dynamic that exists
 this year and then the effect of this next year.
 As I mentioned before,
 This is, you know, money, you know, money is fungible.
 And so this is all about, you know, you can put it 100%
 into pricing, but it's about whether you get your overall aggregate price at the end of
 the day.
 So this quanta
 was sort of intended to pick up both dynamics.
 Yeah, and I continue to, you know, as we've talked to people, as this is played out, obviously
 the...
 a group commercial, a large group place,
 is a space to sort of watch this
 because I think the absolute level
 rate increase matters and we're having obviously a good year on commercial and so I think that
 that is going to create some challenges in terms of sort of how much of that will flow
 back through the experience rating process.
 I'm just saying the absolute rate increase matters and as we try to sort of manage that
 dynamic through the experience rating process, you know, I think it creates pressure on the
 the overall sort of renewal rating process.
 So, Christine, when you start to recover this,
 you're always making provision
 for what is the estimated revenue base
 you're going to have to recover this from.
 And so, in doing that, we normally buy ourselves some breathing room and anticipate that we
 you might have some of this.
 So that dynamic, though, is captured in the $0.25 when we look at it.
 I think we've done a pretty good job
 of positioning ourselves, you know,
 for sort of how this has played out.
 I probably can't be overly specific at this point on that.
 I think the number you have is a little bit high.
 You know, we have been dragging a little bit on the top line this year and that impacts
 that ratio as well, you know, going forward.
 So some of it, as I mentioned in a previous question,
 sort of managing that spend as well as other actions,
 you know, that'll be part of how we bridge from 17 to 18.
 So it'll be a meaningful part of the equation.
 but that's the, you know, we're working through
 our planning process right now,
 so I really can't be more specific at this juncture.
 And I think, Chris, the fact that one of the cleanest places
 to sort of see this as when we talk about large group
 and when you hip adjust, you know, sort of that revenue,
 You know, we're right there in the mid-single digits
 revenue growth and I think that's a very good indicator of sort of the state of the market
 around this issue.
 Yeah, so we've had that target out there in the past, but so let me be clear because we're
 close enough to 2018. I'm not providing 2018 guidance. We're just too close to that for
 for me to do to comment specifically,
 but what I would go back to is this adjusted baseline
 date 75 and and think about the drivers forward off of that and again I continue
 to think about capital deployment,
 because we will do a lot.
 We've done a lot of that this year.
 that we'll have an annualized benefit next year,
 Plus we'll have next year's capital deployment,
 So that should be a meaningful number for next year
 in the overall equation.
 and we talked about some of the challenges
 around experience rating and the health and surety
 and things like that.
 But again, we do have some good opportunities
 on Medicare and the exiting of the individual business.
 So from that adjusted baseline forward,
 And I think we're feeling pretty good right now.
 Well, let me talk to you about the general investments
 We'll address the PBM-1.
 and first, it's about geographic expansion.
 So we have really good same store growth.
 We need more store.
 And so it is our intention to get into the 80%, mid-80s
 coverage over the next few years, and we're on a ramp part of the investment biggest
 part of one of the biggest parts of our investment is ramping the ability to build out networks.
 We're actually using very interesting data analytics to figure that out as well, using
 of the Medicare database.
 So this whole idea of expanding more markets
 is going to generate future growth.
 Now the other is, is that we've got 30% of the people that retire every day, 11,000-ish,
 that only take that big Medicare Advantage 70% down.
 In large part, that 70% is related to network coverage and portability.
 And so for 1-1-18, we will have launched a portable Medicare Advantage product across
 our current network, which is approximately 52% coverage, where we will test out some
 of the aspect and certain market of having this kind of coverage and learn more so that
 when we get ramp up to that 80 mid 80s percent, we will have an ability to offer a nationally
 portable Medicare Advantage product.
 And that will go after that 70%.
 Star rating is getting...
 to four and a half star, five star with some of our big ACO relationships, is a big idea.
 And then back on the PBM side, we continue to develop a relationship across our network.
 we have the ability to build our own network
 where we're getting the best cost structure we can get
 provide an affordable product for seniors in the PDP and MAPD.