 Ekaterina, please go ahead.
 Katrina, please go ahead.
 Okay, Catalina, please go ahead.
 You're good to see him.
 Good afternoon and good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
 Welcome to our usual call to discuss the operational and financial performance of Ross Telecom for the third quarter and nine months of 2021.
 Joining us today, we have all of our management team, headed by Mikhail Osievsky, President and CEO.
 We also have our first vice president, Vladimir Kiriyenko, the CEO of Tele2,
 to Rosh Andrey Patelka and Sergei Anokin, Senior Vice President and CFO.
 before I hand it over to the management team let me as usual remind you about
 our disclaimer you should see it on our screen now some of the statements made
 on today's call
 may be forward-looking and actual performance may differ from these projections.
 And with this, I'm handing it over to Mikhail Osieski.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 gentlemen as usual we published earlier today our performance for the third
 quarter and the nine months of
 2021. I'm confident
 yet that you had a chance to take a look through them.
 the third quarter
 continues the trends that we have seen pretty much for all of the past quarters
 we continue to ramp up our revenue
 and we see even higher growth rates
 in our profitability
 in OIBDA
 we are seeing good profit margins
 There's a strong cash flow.
 So I guess we can once again reiterate that we are going to have another strong year
 and we will reflect it in our guidance
 as well as we hope to see it translated into our full year's results.
 again this relates very well to what we
 mentioned previously and that is that
 dividends for the period could be as high as six rubles per share and in
 general we believe that this trend is a long-term one and will help us further
 increase our dividend yield with that I will hand it over to Vladimir Kiryenko
 and here we'll discuss their performance in more detail.
 thank you Mikhail
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 Okay, so our operational performance, slide number five.
 The company posted solid revenue growth in its core services, 5%.
 That was driven by the development of our mobile business broadband access to the Internet and TV.
 In the revenue structure, in terms of services, we can see a trend for growth of the mobile segment and our core connectivity services.
 In the third quarter, revenue of mobile business increased by more than 8% and internet access
 broadband internet access, posted double-digit growth, more than 10%, paid TV services generated
 5% cloud services
 and data services drove the performance.
 However, as you can see, there is unusual performance in the digital service segment.
 The effects at play were seasonality and postponements of some project signs up for in the previous year we
 also there was a high a base effect from the fourth quarter last year where we
 implemented a number of major projects we expect that we'll get back to the
 positive triangle right in the fourth quarter it will be even stronger we
 believe. Let us look at the main factor that shows our success. As usual, let's
 Let's discuss the performance of our mobile segment over to Andrey Patoka, CEO of Tele2.
 Thank you, Vladimir.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 And as mentioned by Wladimir,
 Yeah.
 Uh,
 The mobile is one of the co-drivers of our business, and in the quarter under review,
 We continued implementing the strategy to high-grade our customer base.
 as a result the number of customers who use our data services increased by 19 percent year on year
 and we also saw a traffic increase data traffic increase by more than 30% and the
 these services that we provide to our customers
 are expanded by some new services such as for example the ability to make
 payments through
 Yandex pay tell it to disk which is a cloud storage for our customers and
 another important service is remote registration of a SIM card which is
 particular relevance during the pandemic because some of the
 where stores are closed and some of them are not working.
 So together with our partners who developed this e-government key service,
 now we use that technology
 to help our customers register remotely
 without the need to visit our stores.
 Teleto also launched
 kids online platform
 which not only helps monitor children's access to the Internet,
 but also provides access to thousands of movies,
 cartoons and
 other
 specialized
 the contents for our
 smaller users.
 Importantly,
 as
 part of our ESG
 drive our company in more than 200 neighborhoods of Russia we now
 provide connectivity services and other people are there have the ability to use
 the high quality
 services at a very affordable price.
 And by the way, our churn continues to be at historical lows.
 that's 8%
 in
 in the quarter and
 the mobile revenue
 saw a major increase year on year.
 Thank you, Vladimir Kiryenko.
 Thank you, Andrei.
 now let's discuss B2C
 in general. In B2C, we see
 steady development of our core services
 coupled with a well-paced ramp-up of new services.
 broadband through fiber optic grew by 6% mostly driven by the number of customers
 on the fiber optic technology promotion of convergence or FMC products is also
 making a contribution with a subscriber base they are increasing by 9% as for
 new products here we are also seeing significant growth service revenue from
 video surveillance and smart home group then grew by more than three times this
 impressive results was driven by developing products and improving its
 customer value the mighty media multimedia platform wink is also posting
 solid growth. In the third quarter, more than 2.5 million customers have been watching Wink on two
 or more devices that is up by 13% here on the air we are seeing a market shift
 towards online services
 both by the number of customers and by consumption modes.
 More and more people watch video content on smart TVs, tablets, and smartphones.
 Let us now discuss our B2B and B2G segments.
 Revenue continue to grow steadily by nine percent
 This performance was driven by the implementation of projects such as video surveillance, up by 19%
 percent deployments of corporate Wi-Fi networks up by 28 percent and access to
 high speeds
 internet and setting up
 virtual private networks
 up by 17%.
 These services are becoming more and more popular, not just among larger corporates, but also among small and medium-sized enterprises.
 an important contribution
 into the growth of B2B customers comes from digital innovative services,
 Revenue from data centers, cloud services, and cybersecurity
 post at a double-digit growth by almost 20%.
 we see accelerated growth on a number of areas.
 Revenue from co-location increased by 30%.
 cloud infrastructure services on the IAS model and helps the PBAX group by more than 20%,
 percent. It is especially
 pleasant to report on
 the increased revenue in cybersecurity
 with the revenue growth there was almost 50 percent according to experts in the
 third quarter, Ross Telecom
 increased its share in the data centers market by 0.8% to 28% as you can see we
 continue to ramp up our digital competences
 in the corporate segment.
 under the new strategy.
 Are we insane?
 to maintain
 and undisputed leadership, having secured ourselves the status of the provider of first
 choice for the business and the government and a few words about the O2O
 segments the revenue and the profitability in that segments were up by
 8%.
 In the reporting period, we signed a number of contracts
 with leading Russian operators to lease
 out our bandwidth our all-to-all segment in general continue to increase its performance with
 It's profitability up by almost 2.5 percentage points.
 In conclusion, I would like to emphasize that we are making progress ahead of the milestones set in our updated strategy.
 We also expect strong performance in the fourth quarter.
 That's it from my side over to Sergei Anokin.
 Thank you, Vladimir.
 In the third quarter and nine months, Ross Telecom continued to demonstrate solid growth in its key business areas and its financial performance.
 OIPDA was up 87% in the third quarter.
 and I would like to
 Highlight so the high level of waves are margin. That's 41 percent
 so that is driven by the company's efficiency both in its pricing policy
 and in terms of its cost control related to the scaling up of our business.
 We successfully implement our transformation.
 we continue to pursue our real estate sales program and renew our PPE.
 As a result, our costs, including personal cost growth,
 is much higher is much lower than our revenue growth and the growth was just 2% in the third
 quarter, we can see a 1% decrease year and year. All in all, indirect costs were up by 3.9%,
 which is almost twice as low as the revenue growth.
 net profits in the nine months also increased substantially and it exceeded the same parameter
 for the same period last year.
 the
 seasonality
 of,
 our
 um
 Uh,
 costs that are translated into the performance that you can see.
 the impairments of
 our
 fixed assets and
 our lease liabilities
 has also contributed
 It said,
 it's a,
 And the key factors were the commissioning of fixed assets and also the new use periods
 of our key assets.
 In the third quarter, against the backdrop of the aggressive growth of the key rates
 of the Bank of Russia, we can see an increase in our interest expense, but that didn't have
 dramatic influence on us the average interest rate was 7.19 percent lower than
 the markets level and we maintain a good mix between fixed and floating and rate
 we're also seeing a positive effect of some two billion rubles versus the same period last year
 Our investment program is in line with our expectations.
 In the third quarter, our investments are at the level of last year
 and the more active investments in the first half of the year
 translated into what you can see for nine months.
 capex on average is at the level of the last year we are fast-tracking some of
 investments in state programs there's always also some fast striking versus
 last year in projects such as bridging the digital divide and connecting the
 socially important facilities.
 Moving on to discuss our free cash flow.
 in
 the
 period on the discussion we were able to maintain a smoother profile with less
 shift to the fourth quarter which translated into the metric for the third
 quarter this year much higher than for the third quarter last year and that was
 driven by both our work on the revenue side as well as our efforts to collect
 our
 receivables and the
 the total of payables.
 Again, there was a smoother receipt profile in the previous quarter last year.
 in the first two quarters of the year we had seen free cash flow being in the
 negative in the red and also the performance of the third quarter this
 year is the driven by the higher level of payables and last year our leverage
 Moving on to discuss our debts, it's going down versus the same period last year in relative terms, and there is a moderate increase in absolute terms.
 net debt to OIBDA is 2.3
 versus 2.6
 for the same period last year
 adjusted for lease on liabilities our leverage would be lower than 1.8 that
 and the prevalence of ruble denominated debt as well as the prevalence of fixed
 rate instruments which
 reached 62%
 puts us in the comfortable zone
 and
 uh
 makes us think of potential option of growing our business
 in the fast-growing markets, as well as to grow the capitalization of Ross Telecom
 and there is businesses.
 And we want to update you in more detail about that at our event on the 16th of November,
 which I invite you to attend where we will discuss the drivers of the Ross
 telecoms, value growth.
 summarizing our discussion of the nine months
 We are confident with our performance.
 where confidence about the end of the year,
 the strong financial performance
 helps us increase our
 OIPDA growth guidance to
 tell 10 to 12 percent
 we are quite confident that we'll be able to reach the upper limit of that.
 Other guidance remains unchanged given the high base effect of the last year with some states and programs
 especially at the end of last year in particular the infrastructure for the
 national census which is now ongoing
 and I guess this is it from my side
 And let us now proceed to the Q&A session.
 And once again, I would like to invite you to our Capital Markets Day to be held on the 16th of November.
 Ekaterina Ustinova, we are now ready to switch to the Q&A session.
 The operator will now provide all the instructions.
 and I would like to remind you to please ask the questions
 in the language of the lines
 to which you are connected.
 And also, please ask all of your questions at once.
 so that's
 we were able to
 better
 understand them and for interpretation.
 Thank you very much for the presentation.
 we'll now be moving to the Q&A part
 If you are doubting by the telephone, please press star 2 on your keypad.
 That's star 2 on your keypad for any questions.
 If you are dialed in via the web, you may also ask a voice or a text question.
 We will now give a moment or so for the questions to come in.
 Thank you very much.
 Our first question comes in.
 It comes from the English line from Mr. Ivan Kim from Excel's Capital.
 So please go ahead, sir.
 your line is open.
 Thank you.
 I'm actually in the Russian line.
 And I'll ask my question in Russian.
 We'll come back to that question in one second.
 My question?
 Let's take the question from the English line.
 Ivan will come back to you shortly.
 from
 Ms. Anna Kuprianova from Gazprom Bank in English.
 Please go ahead, Anna.
 Okay, we'll come back now to Mr. Ivan Kim in the Russian line.
 Please go ahead, Mr. Ivan, please go ahead.
 And...
 Yes, can you hear me?
 Am I being heard?
 Yes.
 Ivan, yes, good afternoon.
 I wanted to ask about the free
 cash flow
 I appreciate that it depends a lot on the working capital performance in the fourth quarter
 but could you please give some preliminary guidance perhaps in terms of
 the range and so what what should we expect for the full year in terms of the
 precast file.
 So that's Sergei Anokin.
 traditionally
 we do not
 targets
 or guides
 free cash flow however we expect some good performance versus some last year
 which gives us the confidence to offer higher dividends.
 I wouldn't
 wants to
 give you an exact
 number because traditionally
 that is a highly volatile metric so we don't want to target it or in fact to
 promise anything. The analyst, thanks for the
 answer.
 Sergei continues
 However, our vision and our strategy envision that our cash flow would grow.
 So, Ekaterina, thank you.
 We're now ready to take our next question.
 Thank you very much.
 there once again, star two for any additional questions.
 at star 2 for additional questions.
 We will give a minute or so for any additional questions to come in.
 Thank you very much. Once again, we have a question from the Russian line for Ms. Anna.
 Kupriyanova from
 Gazprom Bank. Please go ahead, Anna. Your line is open.
 We'll just put that on hold.
 another question from Anna
 Prubatova from Alphabank. Please go ahead, Anna.
 Your English line is open.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 my question is kind of
 like a strategic one
 Um,
 in September
 if I'm not mistaken
 and the Russian government approved
 the second package
 of support measures
 with the Russian IT industry
 and which
 in
 Visage
 uh,
 gradual shift of
 government entities of strategically important
 to
 um
 companies to
 Russian hardware and software
 and in this respect
 My question is
 what
 What opportunity do you see to your business in connection with this regulation
 or this general regulatory line?
 and it would be great to understand
 what capacity
 what
 S
 you have today
 to gain
 or to gain some new business maybe in connection with this.
 or what new capacity you need to be able to participate in this big shift.
 Thank you.
 That's Michalosyevsky.
 The policy of the Russian government has been made clear and it's about the development
 of our own software and hardware and ross telecom as a multi-profile multi-industry a company of
 course relies on this policy and we are actively involved in the programs to
 develop new data processing and data transmission technology based on Russian
 electronic solutions.
 we are in fact one of the leaders
 and one of the drivers of this process.
 But I guess your question was mostly about the development of new software.
 And indeed, here we see new opportunities for us, not just to substitute similar international solutions or foreign-made solutions, but also tapping the open market, the broader markets.
 And first and foremost, that includes our cloud technology, that's IT, security, software.
 So as part of our strategy, we intend to be more active in the open market.
 And we believe that the current government policy creates the environment for us to do so.
 Thank you.
 you know
 Thank you.
 Yeah, I think...
 Okay, thank you very much.
 we'll be moving on to the next question at this point.
 The next question comes from Mr. Andrei Tedesak from UBS.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Hi everyone
 Thank you for the presentation.
 Questions, please.
 one on the dividend.
 if I got the wording correctly
 you expect to be able to pay
 up to a six
 Google per share development.
 can you just share with us, you know, what factors will determine, you know, how big
 the increase will be from the five that we've seen until now and what this means for the
 kind of outlook
 VS2023
 because you, I mean, your policy is at least 5% growth in the dividend,
 But obviously, this would be pretty materially above that.
 So what can we expect, you know, based on the metrics that you would outline for this year?
 Is it primarily free cash flow?
 is it
 Is it the leverage ratio, et cetera?
 What should we be looking for when it comes to, you know, determining whether this will be a 20% rate over the two or three years compared to the at least five?
 And then in terms of the mobile service revenue growth rate,
 if you could maybe talk to us a bit
 in terms of what is driving that
 and what you're, I mean, you mentioned, I think,
 recently that the majority of the growth
 over the medium term in mobile
 you expect to come from the migration of 3G to 4G and there has been you know repeated issues I
 I think, with the authorities when it comes to your price increases at Sela2.
 So can you maybe talk to us how you view those pushbacks that you're getting
 when it comes to repricing and any kind of comment on the outlook
 of the Mobile Centers for Revenue Growth Rate
 It would be appreciated.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, I will take your first question.
 And that's Sergei Anokin.
 as a management
 We will make a recommendation to the board of directors to pay six rubles per share.
 Indeed, our dividend policy envisions a progressive increase, and we'll stick to that.
 However, it sets the minimum increase, but not the maximum one.
 So we'll look at the environment and we'll see how our stock performs.
 and also how we are performing in terms of net income and the free cash flow.
 And Andrey Patoka is handling your other question.
 the sources are
 twofold.
 First is the growth of the number of customers and the growth of our poor revenue per customer and you're
 right in saying that
 we can see an important
 growth driver in
 the switch from 3G to 4G
 We have been doing that for a few years, and that drove the increased number of users, the customers, and the data traffic increase.
 and again
 price growth is
 constraints by
 a high competition
 and the regulator
 So we believe that as customers pick up more expensive tariff plans that would drive a revenue increase.
 And this is what we're seeing happening.
 Yekaterina Ustinova, thank you
 and we're now ready to take our next question.
 thank you very much
 We'll take the question once again from Anna Kuprianova.
 Your line is open in the Russian language.
 please make sure you are unmuted.
 Thank you.
 Yes, good afternoon. Can you hear me now?
 we can excellent so I would like to ask a follow-up on the mobile we can see
 some deceleration
 year on year, I wonder
 What is the driver of that, especially against the backdrop of the 30% data traffic increase?
 And also, what's your outlook for 2021 for that segment?
 answer
 Andrei Patoka.
 Thank you, Anna.
 we don't want to give guidance at this point but in terms of growth rates they
 They continue to be high for a number of past years, which have been challenging for the
 Russian mobile markets we have been able to post a double-digit growth so the
 our last year represents a higher base effect and even against that we are
 showing very high growth rates.
 So our intention is to maintain that the analyst continues.
 can you please share your view about your main competitors answer we don't
 provides comments
 like that
 especially as
 we
 yet expecting them
 to publish
 their
 uh
 results are disclosures.
 So let's wait and see. The analyst
 continues. And my next question is about the
 digital segments we are seeing a decline there can you please explain and again
 provides a breakdown why that's decline and how do you see it being offset by as
 As you said, fourth quarter is a performance.
 Vladimir Kiryanko.
 first the high base effects of the third quarter
 2020 there we had a number of projects in smart cities including video
 surveillance in
 uh,
 20,
 21.
 they are more evenly spread in the first quarter second quarter and some of
 those projects will be finished
 even in the fourth quarter
 and
 in particular because of that
 we expect good performance
 because the contracts have already been signed
 but they will only be recognized and closed in the fourth quarter.
 That's factor number one.
 The factor number two is seasonality, which relates to recognition of major projects in
 data centers and
 cyber security
 here. Again, because
 these contracts also happen in
 phases,
 uh,
 the final phase
 is a force for the
 fourth quarter
 and
 And that is why we are showing the breakdown that you can see in our presentation.
 So we're confident that we'll be able to deliver on our goals,
 are set in our strategy and the analyst continues.
 Do I understand that most of the volatility comes because of the contracts for smart cities?
 all the other segments are making progress as plans and that is the main
 source of volatility answer.
 And that's because in, yes, that's correct.
 and the reason
 again is that in 2020 a lot of contracts were reflected in the third quarter and in 2021
 One, they are reflected in a smoother fashion.
 Okay, thank you, says the analyst.
 And I've...
 Yekaterina Ustinova, we're ready to take our next question.
 if we have one.
 We will open the line once again for Anna Kurpatova,
 which appeared to have a follow-up question.
 Just in case you have a follow-up question, your line is open.
 We'll be right back.
 Good afternoon once again
 But I have no questions
 At the moment, thank you
 Thank you. Thank you very much.
 Just once again, any additional questions, please press star 2.
 Thank you.
 Ekaterina Ustinova
 Ekaterina Ustinova speaking.
 thank you
 colleagues for participating in this conference call thank you for your
 question we would like to once again so invite us to participate in our online
 event on the 16th of November where we'll update you about our planned
 development about our strategy about how we're going to create value and we'll
 update you about our strategy and we'll introduce you to some of the leaders of
 of our clusters.
 We'll be happy to see all of you on the 16th of November at 4 p.m. Moscow time.
 Thank you once again.
 wish you a very good day
 and goodbye
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 We'll now be closing all the lines.