 Katarina, please go ahead.
 Nicarterina, please go out.
 Okay, Katarina, please go ahead.
 You can see it.
 Good afternoon and good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
 Welcome to our usual call to discuss the operational and financial performance of Rostelicomo for
 for the third quarter and nine months of 2021.
 Joining us today, we have all of our management team
 headed by Mikhailov-Shevsky, president and CEO.
 We also have our first Vice-President Vladimir Kiryankov, the CEO of Teletoo, Russia, Andrey
 Patsoka and Sergei Anokin, senior vice president on CFL.
 Before I hand it over to the management team,
 Let me, as usual, remind you about our disclaimer.
 You should see it on our screen now.
 Some of the statements made on today's call may be forward-looking and actual performance
 may differ from these projections. And with this, I'm handing it over to Mikhail Oseysky.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 As usual, we published earlier today our performance for the third quarter and the nine months of 2021.
 I'm confident that you had a chance to take a look through them.
 The third quarter continues the trends that we have seen pretty much for all of the past
 quarters, we continue to ramp up our revenue and we see even higher growth rates in our
 profitability in OIPDA. We are seeing good profit margins, a strong cash flow. So I guess we can
 once again reiterate that we are going to have another strong year and we will reflect it in our
 guidance as well as we hope to see it translated into our full year's result.
 And again, this relates very well to what we mentioned previously, and that is the dividend
 Thanks for watching.
 I hope you enjoyed this video.
 the period could be as high as six rubles per share.
 And in general, we believe that this trend is a long-term one, and will help us further
 increase our dividends yield.
 With that, I will hand it over to Vladimir Kiriyenko, and here we'll discuss the performance
 in more detail.
 Thank you, Mikhail.
 Good afternoon.
 Ladies and gentlemen, okay, so our operational performance slide number five
 The company posted solid revenue growth in its core services, five percent.
 That was driven by the development of our mobile business broadband access to the internet
 and TV. In the revenue structure in terms of services we can see a trend for growth of the
 the mobile segment and our core connectivity services.
 In the third quarter, revenue of mobile business increased by more than eight percent and internet
 access, broadband internet access, post-a-double-digit growth, more than 10 percent, pay TV services
 generated 5% cloud services and data services drove the performance.
 However, as you can see, that there is unusual performance
 in the digital service segments.
 The effects at play were seasonality and postponings
 of some projects signed up for in the previous year.
 We also, there was a high base effect
 from the fourth quarter last year,
 where we implemented a number of major projects.
 We expect that we'll get back to the positive triangle
 already in the fourth quarter, it will be even stronger.
 We believe one let us look at the main factor that draws our success as usual
 So let's discuss the performance of our mobile segment over to Andrei Patoka, CEO of Tele2.
 Thank you, Vladimir. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. As mentioned by Vladimir, the
 mobile is one of the core drivers of our business and in the quarter under review we continue
 it's implementing the strategy to high-grade our customer base
 as a result, the number of customers who use our data
 services increased by 19% year on year. And we also saw a traffic increase,
 data traffic increased by more than 30% and the services that we provide to our customers
 were expanded by some new services such as, for example, the ability to make payments through
 Yandex Pay, sell it to disk, which is a cloud storage for our customers, and another important
 service is remote registration of a SIM card which is particularly relevant during the pandemic because
 some of their stores are closed and some of them are not working. So together with our partners
 who developed this e-government key service.
 Now, we use that technology to help our customers register remotely without the need to visit
 our stores.
 Tell it to also launched like it's kids online platform, which not only helps
 helps monitor children's access to the Internet, but also provides access to thousands of
 of Nuvia's cartoons and other specialized content
 for our smaller users.
 importantly, as part of our ESG drive, our company in more than 200 neighborhoods of
 Russia, we now provide connectivity services and other people there have the ability to
 to use the high quality services at a very affordable price.
 And by the way, I would be happy to answer any questions you may have.
 way our churn continues to be at historical lows, that's 8% in the
 quarter and the mobile revenue saw a major increase here in the air.
 Thank you.
 Glad to meet you.
 Thank you.
 Andrei, now let's discuss B2C in general.
 In B2C, we see steady development of our core services
 coupled with a well-paced ramp up of new services.
 Broadbands through fiber optic group by 6% mostly driven by the number of customers on
 fiber optic technology.
 year. Promotion of Convergence or FMC products is also making a contribution with a subscriber base
 they are increasing by 9%. As for new products, here we are also seeing significant growth.
 service revenue from video surveillance and smart home group by more than three times.
 This impressive result was driven by developing products and improving its customer value.
 the multimedia platform WENC is also posting solid growth.
 In the third quarter, more than 2.5 million customers have been watching Wink on two or
 more devices, that is up by 13% year on year.
 We are seeing a market shift towards online services, both by the number of customers
 and by consumption modes.
 More and more people watch video content on smart TVs, tablets and smartphones.
 Let us now discuss our B2B and B2G segments.
 Revenue continued to grow steadily by 9%.
 This performance was driven by the implementation
 of projects such as video surveillance.
 by 19% deployment of corporate Wi-Fi networks up by 28% and access to high
 speeds internet and setting up virtual private networks up by 17 percent these
 These services are becoming more and more popular not just among larger corporates but
 also amongst small and medium-sized enterprises.
 An important contribution into the growth of B2B customers
 comes from Digital Innovative Services.
 Revenue from data centers, cloud services, and cyber security,
 close at a double-digit growth by almost 20%.
 we see accelerated growth on a number of areas.
 Revenue from collocation increased by 30%.
 play out the infrastructure services under IIS model
 and health at PBX grew by more than 20%.
 It is especially pleasant to report on the increased revenue in cybersecurity with the
 revenue growth there was almost 50% according to experts in the third
 quarter, Rossello.com increased its share in the data centers market by 0.8% to 28%.
 As you can see, we continue to ramp up our digital competencies in the corporate segments
 under the new strategy.
 insane to maintain an undisputed leadership, having secured ourselves the status of the
 Provide our first choice for the business and the governments and if your words about
 the O2O segments, the revenue and the profitability
 in that segment were up by eight percent.
 in the reporting period, we signed a number of contracts
 with leading Russian operators.
 to lease out our bandwidth.
 our auto all segments in general.
 continue to increase its performance with profitability up by almost 2.5 percentage points.
 In conclusion, I would like to emphasize that we are making progress ahead of a milestone
 set in our updated strategy.
 We also expect strong performance in the fourth quarter.
 That's it from my side over to Sergei Anokin.
 Thank you, Vladimir. In the third quarter and nine months,
 some, Roth Telecom continued to demonstrate solid growth in its key business areas and
 its financial performance or if that was up 87% in the third quarter and I would like to
 highlights the high level of OEVSR margin.
 that's 41% that is driven by the company's efficiency both in its pricing policy and in
 terms of its cost control related to the scaling up of our business.
 we successfully implement our transformation.
 We continue to pursue our real estate sales program
 sales program and renew our PPE. As a result, our costs, including personal cost growth
 is much higher is much lower than our revenue growth and the growth was just 2% in the third quarter
 we can see a 1% decrease year in year. All in all, in direct course, we're up by 3.9%,
 which is almost twice as low as the revenue growth.
 net profits in the nine months also increased substantially and it exceeded the same parameter
 for the same period last year.
 Yeah.
 the seasonality of our costs that are translated into the performance that you can see,
 The impairments of our fixed assets and our lease liabilities also contributed, and the
 The key factors were the commissioning of six assets and also the new use periods of our
 key assets in the third quarter against the backdrop of the aggressive growth of the key
 rates of the Bank of Russia, we can see an increase in our interest expense, but that
 didn't have a dramatic influence on us.
 The average interest rate was 7.19% lower than the market level, and we maintain a good mix
 between the fixed and floating rate.
 We're also seeing
 positive effect of some 2 billion rubles versus the same period last year.
 Our investment program is in line with our expectations.
 In the third quarter, our investments are at the level of last year, and the more active
 of investments in the first half of the year.
 translated into what you can see for nine months.
 CapEx, on average, is at the level of the last year.
 We are fast tracking some of the investments in state programs.
 There's also some fast-tracking versus last year in projects such as bridging the digital
 device and connecting the socially important facilities.
 Moving on to discuss our free cash flow. In the period under discussion we were
 were able to maintain a smoother profile with less shift to the fourth quarter, which translated
 into the metric for the third quarter this year, much higher than for the third quarter last year.
 and that was driven by both our work on the revenue side as well as our efforts to collect our
 receivables and the deferral of payables.
 Again, there was a smoother recede profile
 in the previous quarter.
 Last year, in the first two quarters of the year,
 we had seen
 free cash flow being in the negative in the red and also the performance of the
 third quarter. This year is driven by the higher level of payables than last year.
 our leverage.
 Moving on to discuss our debt is going down versus the same period last year in relative terms and there is a moderate increase in absolute terms.
 net debt to OIPDA is 2.3 versus 2.6 for the same period last year adjusted for
 on liabilities, our leverage would be lower than 1.8.
 That and the prevalence of rubble denominated that as well as the prevalence of fixed rate
 instruments which reach the 62% puts us in the comfortable zone and makes us think of
 of potential option of growing our business
 in the fast-growing markets as well as to grow the capitalization of Ross Telecom, and
 It's various businesses.
 And we want to update you in more detail about that
 at our event on the 16th of November,
 which I invite you to attend,
 where we would discuss the drivers of the ROS telecoms
 value growth. Summarizing our discussion of the nine months, we are confident with our
 performance, where confidence about the end of the year, the strong financial performance,
 us increase our oil growth guidance to 10 to 12 percent. We are quite confident that we'll be able
 to reach the upper limit of that.
 Other guidance remains unchanged, given the high base effect of the last year with some
 states and programs, especially at the end of last year, in particular the infrastructure
 for the national census which is now ongoing and I guess this is it from my
 signed, let us now proceed to the Q&A session and once again I would like to
 invite you to our Capital Markets Day to be held on the 16th of November.
 We are now ready to switch to the Q&A session.
 the operator will now provide all the instructions.
 And I would like to remind you to please ask the questions in the language of the line
 and to wish you are connected.
 And also, please ask all of your questions at once,
 so that we were able to better understand them
 and for interpretation.
 Thank you very much for the presentation.
 I will now be moving to the Q&A part.
 If you're allowed by the telephone, please press start 2 on your keypad.
 star 2 on your keypad for any questions. If you are doubted by a web, you may also ask
 voice or text question. We will now give a moment or so for the questions to come in.
 Thank you very much.
 Next question comes from the English line from Mr. Ivan Kim from Excelsis Capital.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 line is open.
 I'm actually in the Russian line.
 And I'll ask my question in Russian.
 We will come back to that question in one second.
 Let us take the question from the English line.
 Ivan will come back to you shortly from Ms. Anna Kuprianova from Gascom Bank in English.
 Please go ahead, Anna.
 Okay, we'll come back now to Mr. Ivan Kim in the Russian line.
 go ahead Mr. Ivan please go ahead.
 Yes, can you hear me?
 Am I being heard?
 Thank you very much.
 Yes, good afternoon.
 I wanted to ask about the free cash flow.
 I appreciate that it depends a lot on the working capital performance in the fourth quarter.
 But could you please give some preliminary guidance, perhaps,
 in terms of the range and so what should we expect for the full year in terms of the free cache file?
 That's Sergei Anokin.
 Traditionally, we do not target or guide free cash flow, however, we expect good performance versus last year which gives us the confidence to offer higher dividends.
 I wouldn't want to give you any exact number because traditionally that is a highly volatile
 metric. So we don't want to target it or in fact to promise anything. The analyst
 Thanks for the answer.
 Sergei continues. However, our vision and our strategy
 and vision that our cash flow would grow.
 Thank you, we are now ready to take our next question.
 Thank you very much.
 So reminder once again, start two for any additional questions.
 that's star two for additional questions.
 we will give a minute or so for any additional questions to come in.
 Thank you very much once again.
 We have a question from the Russian line, from Ms. Anna.
 Kupuyanova from Gazprom Bank.
 Please go ahead, Anna. Your line is open.
 We'll just put that on hold.
 Another question from Anna Krobatova from Outer Bands.
 Please go ahead, Anna, and your language line is open.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 My question is kind of like a strategic one, in September, if I'm not mistaken, the Russian
 government approved the second package of support measures to the Russian IT industry
 and which envisage a gradual shift of government entities,
 of strategically important companies to Russian hardware
 and software.
 And in this respect, my question is what opportunity
 Do you see to your business in connection with this regulation or this general regulatory
 line and would be great to understand what capacity, what assets you have today to gain
 some new business maybe in connection with this or what new capacity you need to be able
 to participate in this big shift, thank you.
 That's Mikhailo CSK the policy of the Russian government has been made clear and
 and it's about the development of our own software and hardware
 and Ross Telecom as a multi-profile, multi-industry company.
 of course relies on this policy and we are actively involved in the programs to develop
 of new data processing and data transmission technology
 based on Russian electronic solutions.
 We are, in fact, one of the leaders and one of the drivers
 of this process.
 But I guess your question was mostly
 about the developments of new software.
 And indeed here we see new opportunities for us.
 not just to substitute similar international solutions
 foreign-made solutions, but also tapping the open market, the broader markets, and first
 and FOMOS that includes our cloud technology, that's IT, security, software, so it's part
 of our strategy, we intend to be more active in the open market.
 And we believe that the current government's policy creates the environment for us to do
 So
 Thank you very much.
 We'll be moving on to the next question at this point.
 The next question comes from Mr. Andrej Tadeyshak from UBS.
 Please go ahead, Sharon.
 Hi, everyone. Thank you for the presentation. I've got two questions, please. One on the
 dividend, if I got the wording correctly, you expect to be able to pay up to a six little
 Can you just share with us, you know, what factors will determine, you know, how big
 the increase will be from the five that we've seen so now and what this means for the kind
 of outlook via 2020-free because your policy is at least 5% growth in the dividend, but
 So, obviously, this would be pretty materially above that.
 So what can we expect based on the metrics
 that you would outline for this year?
 Is it primarily free?
 as slow as it is at the duct load, so it's a D,
 This is the leverage ratio, et cetera.
 What should we be looking for when it comes to, you know,
 determining whether this will be a 20% rate over the two or three years compared to the
 at least five.
 And then in terms of the mobile service revenue growth rate, if you could maybe talk to us
 a bit in terms of what is driving that and what you are, I mean you mentioned I think
 recently that the majority of the growth over the medium term in mobile you expect to come
 from the migration of 3G to 4G, and there has been, you know, repeated issues, I think,
 with the authorities when it comes to your price increases that tell us who you may be
 talk to us how you view those push-backs that you're getting when it comes to
 replacing and any kind of comments on the outlook of the mobile service revenue growth
 so it would be appreciated.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, I will take your first question, that's Sergei Noken.
 As management, we will make a recommendation to the board of directors to pay six rubles
 per share.
 Indeed, our dividend policy envisions a progressive increase and we'll stick to that.
 However, it sets the minimum increase, but not the maximum one.
 So we'll look at the environment,
 and we'll see how our stock performs.
 and also how we are performing in terms of net income and the free cash flow.
 And Andrei Patoka is handling your other question.
 the sources are two-fold.
 First is the growth of the number of customers
 and the growth of our poor revenue per customer.
 And you're right in saying that we can see an importance
 the growth of the driver in the switch from 3G to 4G.
 We have been doing that for a few years,
 and that's a draw with the increased number of users,
 the customers and the data traffic increase.
 And again, price growth is constrained by high competition.
 and the regulator.
 So, we believe that as customers pick up more expensive tariff plans that will drive our
 revenue increase. And this is what we're seeing happening.
 Yekaterina Ustinova, thank you, and we are now ready to take our next question.
 Thank you very much. We'll take the question once again from Anyako Pryganova. Your line
 is open in the Russian language, please make sure you are unmuted.
 Yes, good afternoon. Can you hear me now?
 We can
 Excellent. So I would like to ask a follow-up on the mobile. We can see some
 deceleration year-on-year. I wonder what is the driver of that, especially against the
 back drop of the 30 percent data traffic increase and what also what's your outlook for 2021 for
 for that segment.
 I'm sorry, I'm very bad fucker. Thank you Anna
 We don't want to give guidance at this point, but in terms of growth rates, they continue
 to be high for a number of past years, which have been challenging for the Russian mobile
 markets, we have been able to post a double-digit growth, so our last year represents a high base
 effects and even against that we are showing very high growth rates so our
 Our intention is to maintain that.
 analyst continues.
 Can you please share your view about your main competitors answer?
 We don't provide comments like that, especially as we are yet expecting them to publish their results or disclosures.
 so let's wait and see. The analysis continues. And my next question is about the digital segments.
 we are seeing a decline there. Can you please explain and again provide a breakdown why that's
 decline and how do you see it being offset by, as you said, the fourth quarter's performance?
 First, the high base effect of the third quarter 2020, there we had a number of projects in
 smart cities, including video surveillance. In 2021, they are more evenly spread in the
 the first quarter, second quarter, and some of those projects will be finished even in
 the fourth quarter. And in particular, because of that, we expect good performance because
 the contracts have already been signed, but they will only be recognized and closed in
 the fourth quarter. That's factor number one. The factor number two is seasonality, which
 relates to recognition of major projects
 in data centers and cyber security.
 Again, because these contracts also happen in tasers, the final phase is a force for the fourth quarter.
 And that is why we are showing the breakdown that you can see in our presentation.
 So we're confident that we'll be able to deliver on our goals
 set in our strategy. The analyst continues. Do I understand? That's most of the
 The volatility comes because of the contracts for smart series.
 the other segments are making progress as planned and that is the main source of
 volatility answer that's because in yes that's correct and the reason again is
 is that in 2020 a lot of contracts were reflected in the third quarter and in 2021 they are reflected
 in a smoother fashion.
 Okay, thank you.
 list.
 We're ready to take our next question if we have one.
 We will open the line once again for Anna Kurtatova, which
 appeared to have a follow-up question, just in case you have a follow-up question, your
 line is open.
 Good afternoon once again, but I have no questions at the moment. Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you very much.
 Just once again, any additional questions, please press start to thank you.
 Ekaterina Ustinova, speaking.
 Thank you colleagues for participating in this conference call, thank you for your question.
 We would like to once again to invite us to participate in our online event on the 16th
 of November, we will update you about our planned development, about our strategy, about how
 we're going to create value and we'll update you about our strategy and we'll introduce you to
 some of the leaders of our clusters. We'll be happy to see all of you on the 16th of November at
 at 4 p.m. Moscow time.
 Thank you once again, wish you a very good day
 and goodbye.
 Thank you, this concludes today's conference call.
 and not because of all the lies.