 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2017 financial review call.
 Today, I will discuss our financial results and provide updates on our strategy to deliver
 attractive risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders.
 Since our most recent call in late February, we have made significant progress on a number
 of key objectives for 2017.
 We advance our construction program, which will be the major contributor to our cash
 flow and earnings growth over the next four years.
 We capitalize on our existing platforms
 to further enhance future growth
 by targeting long-term US dollar denominated contracts.
 We have taken steps to decrease our carbon intensity
 and merchant exposure.
 These steps will reduce our financial and operational risk.
 We continued our efforts to strengthen our credit profile by prepaying $300 million of
 preparing debt.
 increases parent free cash flow by lowering interest expense. We are on
 to achieve our $400 million per year cost reduction
 and Revenue Enhancement Program.
 I will discuss these achievements in more detail in a moment.
 But first I'd like to summarize our financial results on slide 4.
 In the first quarter, we earned 17 cents of adjusted EPS versus the 15 cents we earned in the same period last year.
 We generated $546 million of consolidated free cash flow,
 56 million higher than last year based on our first quarter performance and our outlook
 for the remainder of the year.
 we are reaffirming our full year guidance for all metrics.
 Now I'd like to turn to our strategic accomplishments.
 As you can see on slide 5, we have 3.4 gigawatts under construction and expected to come online
 through 2019.
 Overall, we have achieved significant progress
 on all of these projects.
 Turning to auto-mipo on slide six.
 As you may recall, Altomipo is an expansion of our existing alfalfa plant in Chile.
 As we discussed on our last call,
 The project has been experiencing tunneling challenges.
 resulting in cost overruns estimated in the range of 10 to 20 percent.
 For the past couple of months, we have made significant progress on this project.
 First, we have secured additional financing commitments for up to 22 percent of the project
 cost.
 Equivalent
 to $460 million including contingency of which $117 million will be funded by IAS Hineric
 and the remaining $343 million will be funded by the project lenders.
 contractor and minority partner.
 Second, alto-mipo is now about 52% complete, and we remain on track to reach COD in 2019.
 According to slide 7, at our Eagle Valley CCGT in Indiana, the EPC contractor is subcontracting
 some of the work in an effort to accelerate the recovery plan.
 On our February call, we revised the completion date for this project
 to the first half of 2018.
 However, the EPC contractor is projecting substantial completion before year end 2017, although
 Any delay is unfortunate.
 We have a fixed price contract with the EPC contractor.
 under which they are incentivized to finish the project in a timely manner.
 The CCGT has achieved several important EPC milestones and we expect first fire to occur
 in the third quarter.
 Turning to slide eight, and our 1,320 megawatt OPGC-2 project in India.
 We continue to make steady progress on construction, and the project is expected to come online
 by the end of 2018.
 Finally, turning to slide 9, and colon in Panama.
 I am pleased to report that we have reached a number of milestones on our
 Cologne, CCGT, and LNG regatification facility in Panama.
 The LNG facility is sufficient to handle 80-terro BTUs annually.
 Our CCUT will use about one-quarter of the tank's capacity,
 leading substantial upside potential
 to meet the fuel needs of additional power plants,
 ship bunkering services, and downstream commercial and industrial customers.
 We will continue to focus on providing a cleaner,
 more cost-effective alternative to oil-fueled power generation, while at the same time,
 That is fine.
 need for natural gas in Central America and the Caribbean.
 To that end, on Friday, we announced that we have entered into a joint venture with
 to market and sell LNG from our Panamanian LNG terminal to third parties in Central America.
 This joint venture will help us monetize the tank's remaining capacity as additional LNG is sold using our terminal.
 It also further strengthened the agreement we signed last year to jointly market L&G
 in the Caribbean.
 from our address regressification facility
 and the Dominican Republic.
 With Ongie as our partner, and both Colón and Andrés,
 Online in 2019, we will have the leading position
 in Central America and the Caribbean's LNG regasification market.
 Turning to slide 10.
 As you know, we are the world leader
 in battery-based energy storage.
 We currently have 394 megawatts in operation, under construction, or in late stage development,
 not including the 82 megawatts of our advanced energy storage platform that we have sold
 to third parties.
 Since February, we have delivered 37.5 megawatts of 4-hour duration storage.
 The largest lithium-ion energy storage installation in the world.
 San Diego gas and electric.
 Following our successful commissioning of this project, San Diego Gas and Electric
 has awarded us another 40 megawatt for our duration project.
 Although energy storage has significant potential for growth, at this point we have
 ...
 not assumed any material contributions in our outlook.
 Starting now to slide 11, and our Cost Savings and Revenue Enhancement Initiative.
 This year, we are merging our Europe and Asia Strategic Business Units, which will drive
 significant savings. We're also continuing the work we began last year on standard as
 and improved sourcing and reliability.
 These initiatives put us on track to achieve $50 million of incremental annual benefit
 in 2017 and to hit our $400 million annual savings
 target by 2020.
 Now tuning.
 Now, to our continuing efforts to reshape our portfolio,
 beginning on slide 12.
 As we have discussed on our recent calls, we have been repositioning our portfolio towards
 businesses that are less carbon-intensive and have long-term US dollar denominated contracts.
 This repositioning is a key element of our strategy to reduce the risk of our portfolio.
 This year we have already announced our plan to sell or shut down 3.7 gigawatts of Merchant
 coal-fired generation in Kazakhstan and Ohio.
 This is 26% of our total coal-fired capacity.
 and 70% of our merchant coal-fired capacity.
 Specifically, we divested 1.7 gigawatts of coal-fired generation in Kazakhstan for net
 proceeds of $24 million.
 With this sale, our only remaining assets in Kazakhstan are two plants with 1 gigawatt
 of hydrocapacity, which are under a concession that
 expires in the fourth quarter of this year.
 We expect to exit Kazakhstan following the expiration of this concession.
 We have already announced the shutdown of 1.3 gigawatts of merchant coal-fired capacity
 at DPL.
 Subsequently, we've also agreed to sell an additional 739 megawatts of DPL-owned generation
 for 50 million in net proceeds.
 although the context that in ohio merchant
 Call sales.
 appear to have low value on a per kilowatt basis,
 on a PE basis.
 We've managed to achieve a multiple of roughly nine times.
 We will...
 continue to update you as we make progress on additional asset sales to further reshape
 our portfolio.
 Turning to new businesses.
 Slide 13 provides an update on our Southland Repowering Project in California.
 As a reminder, we were awarded 20-year PPAs by Southern California Edison for 1,384 megawatts
 of capacity, which includes 100 megawatts of energy storage and 1,284 megawatts of combined
 cycle gas capacity.
 Lastly, last month we received a
 environmental approvals for the projects.
 We are on track for financial close
 and to begin construction by mid-2017 with completion of the gas-fired capacity in 2020
 and the energy storage capacity in 2021.
 We anticipate funding the $2.3 billion in total project costs with a combination of
 non...
 recourse debt and approximately $400 million in equity proceeds from AES.
 Turning to slide 14 and our pending acquisition of S-Power, we continue to see the potential
 for adding 500 megawatts to 1 gigawatt of renewable contracted power annually with attractive
 load double-digit IRRs.
 Furthermore, we see an opportunity to capitalize on the development skills of the S-Power team
 to tap into the growing market for renewable PPAs,
 for large corporates and incorporating energy storage on their platform.
 We recede.
 for the transaction.
 last month, and expect to receive the remaining approvals and close no later than the third quarter.
 As you can see on slide 15, we are also making progress on renewables in Mexico and Brazil.
 In Mexico, we were awarded exclusivity to negotiate 25-year U.S. dollar-denominated
 PPAs with private off takers to build a 306 megawatt wind project and a 60 megawatt cogeneration
 plan.
 These are our first greenfield developments in Mexico in many years, and we see a number
 of other good growth opportunities in light of the market reforms implemented by the Mexican
 government.
 Lastly, we signed the acquisition of the 386-megawatt Altele Sertão wind farm in Brazil that we
 announced on our last call.
 This project will help diversify CHIT as fuel mix and hydrological risk, with an average
 remaining contract life of 18 years. The project will also help to reduce future exposure
 to short-term price movements.
 Big 600 million real acquisition is being funded entirely with that capacity at Chate, demonstrating
 Once again, our ability to utilize local debt capacity in order to grow our business and
 and improve returns.
 Turning to slide 16.
 This brings us to our portfolio,
 which we expect to generate 8% to 10% average annual growth
 in all of our key financial metrics through 2020.
 This growth is largely driven by the completion
 of our projects under construction, our cost
 savings and revenue enhancement initiatives, lower
 interest expense as we continue to deliver and attractive returns from recent acquisitions
 and our development pipeline.
 We see further upside potential if we're able to capitalize on the LNG and energy storage opportunities I discussed earlier.
 Turning to slide 17.
 our portfolio will generate $3.8 billion in discretionary cash through 2020.
 This is largely driven by parent-free cash flow and the proceeds from aftertales.
 This internally generated discretionary cash is sufficient for us to meet our dividend
 growth commitments to fund our growth platform and reduce our corporate debt to achieve our
 strategic objectives.
 Overall, we remain confident that we can deliver
 attracted growth to our shareholders through 2020 and beyond.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom to discuss our first quarter results, capital
 allocation and guidance in more detail.
 Thanks, Tom.
 We have made significant progress
 in executing on our strategy.
 Bye-bye.
 our construction program, which is the key driver of our earnings and cash flow growth,
 We're capitalizing on the advantages from our existing platform in markets where we
 We have a strong position to make investments to ensure growth beyond 2020, rebalancing our
 portfolio to reduce risk and complexity by exiting non-core businesses and redeploying
 the proceeds consistent with our capital allocation framework.
 Keep paying.
 that to improve our credit profile and achieve investment grade metrics and optimizing our
 cost structure to improve operational efficiency and achieve our $400 million in annual savings
 target by 2020.
 With these actions, we are positioned to deliver average annual growth of 8% to 10% in all key
 key metrics including free cash flow, earnings, and our dividend.
 Signing this growth and our current dividend yield will result in a total return of greater
 than 12 percent.
 We believe our attractive total return proposition will be better reflected in our share price
 as we continue to make progress
 on our strategic objectives and guidance.
 Now we will be happy to take your questions.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 Please pick up your handset.
 Julian.
 Okay, let me take the first one.
 In terms of the first, this is what we have announced before.
 I mean, I think we've delivered actually more than delivered every year in terms of the
 the guidance we set out.
 So what we're saying is we feel very comfortable with the $50 million that we announced and
 is in our guidance for 2017.
 an additional $50 million in 2018. And last time we also announced that the program will
 will continue, this sort of productivity improvements will continue in 19 and 20, although somewhat
 a ...
 at a decelerated pace.
 So, you know, basically this is just a reaffirmation of what we announced before.
 Now on the, sorry, the second question is in terms of,
 were you talking about the dilution from the sale of the
 DPNL assets.
 Yeah, Julian, it's probably a couple cents when you look at DPL is probably about a penny and
 You know, obviously depends upon terms, et cetera.
 maybe it's about a penny in terms of what we're looking at,
 but that was all contemplated when we gave our guidance in February.
 I would say on a cash flow basis, DPL will be pretty neutral to cash flow, EBITDA minus
 KEPEX is pretty much break even as we see it through our forecast period, even before
 other indirect on it.
 I don't know, Julian, that is part of the 50 for this year and part of the 100 for the
 end of next year. So, you know, we'll continue to take steps, you know, obviously as we
 divestabassets that also helps us to accelerate this.
 Well, I think, as both Tom and I said, I mean, the main is our construction program.
 So we have three CCGTs that will be online in 2018.
 And we have the cost-cutting program that we have announced.
 and we've had to continue delevering.
 So those are the three main items
 that are going to contribute to the increase in our earnings
 in cash from 2018.
 Yes, that's correct.
 And like all of our numbers, that's based on, you know,
 currency and commodity.
 I think most of it.
 You're right. This includes the cost overruns.
 So there's a typo there, as you mentioned.
 I think.
 Maybe just round the chair of your utility there.
 Thank you.
 Sure.
 Thank you.
 Good afternoon.
 Brazil, what we're seeing is last quarter we reached our flattening of the decline.
 This year we might be seeing a slight pickup in demand, but you know more like 1% demand
 had decreased like ten percent.
 So overall, you know, we're modestly optimistic about Brazil.
 The president is taking a number on a number of important reforms that if you go through,
 vote very well for the country.
 but we expect a gradual, low recovery in Brazil.
 And now this year they are having a drought,
 So as Tom mentioned, I think it's a good example
 of how our change in commercial strategy
 in the level of contracting that we have,
 It has made it, quite frankly, a very small issue,
 whereas two years ago was a very big issue for us.
 And so it's basically the same, same, same asset, but it makes a very big difference.
 So, you know, with the acquisition of the wind,
 that will help provide CETE with basically
 assets which are not correlated with hydrology,
 which are contracted at 18 years at good prices.
 Now regarding our utility, which is electropaulo,
 Remember, we sold a SEUL.
 What we're doing is moving forward and listing it
 on the normal metacolum, and that is going well.
 And so basically, being on the Novo Mercado means
 one share, one vote, and therefore we would no longer consolidate electropaolo in our
 numbers.
 Now, the company has had a significant recovery in its share price this year, and it's continued
 to make improvements operate.
 to secure any more contracts for
 front of my pool at this stage.
 You know, it's part of the Henare portfolio.
 So, if they have, basically, the HANAIR is highly contracted through 21-23, so we don't
 don't have any immediate issues with Tenera.
 I mean, last year was...
 and a record year for Hiner, both on earnings and cash flow.
 this year is also looking extremely good.
 So what we're seeing, you know, again, is recontracting rates past that window.
 What we've seen on the, we have signed some new contracts, especially at one of our subsidiaries
 is a Panera, which is a Gorkolda.
 And these were rates around 70, but we continue to see sort of a long-run price in the sort
 of the mid...
 of, you know, dollars per megawatt hour.
 And that's without assuming any sort of rebound in mining activity or more rapid growth of
 economy. Chile is growing about two, two-and-a-half percent, and traditionally it's been growing
 more sort of at the, you know, four or five percent.
 So if you...
 We have a pickup in economic activity.
 We think these prices could improve.
 And that will depend a little bit on to what extent we have partnerships in those deals.
 You know, this year, you know, with the acquisition of SBAR and some of the new things we've
 commission will be close to that number in terms of new projects and acquisitions.
 So, but it will depend on how much of those projects we own if whether it's, you know, 50% whether it's 80%.
 We continue to plan to basically include partners on most of our business.
 Well, you know, when I think of the new strategy that we announced based on the prior five
 years...
 strategy.
 would be an evolution of it.
 We think that the key elements are really
 having platforms, integrating renewables with existing
 capacity from thermal and hydros, and also being a leader in new technologies.
 So we're all about three months into the new strategy, and we'll update you in the meantime.
 Thank you, I thought that was a perceptive question.
 It's 52% complete, that includes all of the works,
 and all of the equipment.
 on the tunneling were more than a third complete on the tunneling.
 And basically what happened here is that the rock ended up being a lot softer than all
 of our projections and that's what's really slowed us down because then you have to do
 more reinforcement you have to go up more slowly and it was a bit surprising because
 this is an expansion of an existing facility, al-Falfal.
 So it's in the same mountain, it re-terminates some of the same water.
 But, you know, that is what it is, and as you're right, we're not the first to have
 encounter different rock and what was expected once you start tunneling.
 That's exactly right.
 We have three of them in operation now.
 three TBMs and a fourth one on order that's coming down.
 So we'll have four TBMs operating on this site.
 Okay.