 Thank you, Ingrid.
 Good morning, everyone.
 In Q4, Abumed had another strong quarter of continued adoption of the Impella family
 of devices with 124.7 million in revenue, representing growth of 33 percent.
 The U.S. patient utilization increased by 30%,
 driven by continued growth in both protected PCI
 and emergent patients, which grew 26% and 37% respectively.
 For the full fiscal year, 2017, Abiumed generated 445.3 million in revenue, representing a net
 increase of $116 million or growth of 35%.
 Avium-Med remains one of the fastest growing,
 gap-profitable medical device companies, and Fiscal 2017
 was another successful year
 as we achieved our corporate goals.
 We received FDA PMA approval for cardiogenic shock,
 Impella CP approval for high-risk PCI, IDE approval for our STEMI Door to Unloading
 study and approval in Japan.
 be achieved.
 approval for dedicated DRGs and expanded our clinical evidence to over 400 publications.
 We ramped up our distribution in the U.S. and Germany and increased manufacturing
 and training capacity in both Auckland, Germany, and Danvers, Massachusetts to meet future
 demand.
 We also launched the Aviamed Impella Quality Program that
 It helps improve real-world clinical outcomes with best practice protocols and education
 while surpassing 50,000 patients treated in the U.S.
 Have you made continues to have a solid balance sheet with a cash position of $277 million
 and no debt enhancing our ability to invest in
 and defend our intellectual property with 274 patents
 and currently 241 pending.
 I am proud of our dedicated employees and grateful to our customers and shareholders that have
 have enabled our company to create a new era of medicine focused on the field of heart
 recovery.
 Viscal 2018 is positioned to be an outstanding year.
 For today's call, I would like to cover two FY18 topics.
 First, growth in protected PCI and AMI cardiogenic shock
 and processes to further improve clinical outcomes.
 Second, provide a brief regulatory update and information on our Japan launch.
 So first down, protected PCI and AMI cardiogenic shock.
 These indications identify new treatments and therapies for cardiovascular care and
 heart muscle recovery represents a significant
 on met clinical need for multiple growing populations.
 New American Heart Association statistics predict that by year 2035, 45% of the total
 U.S. population, or approximately 131 million people, will have at least one health problem
 related to heart disease, and 24 million will have coronary artery disease.
 coronary artery disease and heart failure are already the number one cause of death
 and cost driver in the U.S.
 These are massive issues for a relatively younger population that exists in every community
 and need solutions beyond stents,
 pacemakers and valves.
 Aviumed is uniquely qualified to help educate physicians on new treatments and therapies
 to enable complete revascularization
 and improve patient ejection fraction and quality of life
 body of life by protecting or recovering heart muscle for elective, urgent, or emergent
 regulations.
 Regardless of the reason for the hospital admission or surgical turn-down,
 Many future heart failure patients will require hemodynamic support to stabilize and receive
 treatment in the cath lab, hybrid lab, E.P. lab, or surgery suite.
 Recently in the AHA Journal Circulation,
 Dr. Flaherty published a 230 patient retrospective analysis
 analysis titled, Hemodynamic Support Protects Against Acute Kidney Injury in Patients'
 undergoing high-risk PCI.
 The paper demonstrated the benefit of impella support, with significant reduction in its
 acute kidney injury, and requirement for dialysis.
 This new study reinforces previously published
 randomized clinical trial data around protected PCI.
 Additionally, at the American College of Cardiology Conference, the first ever scientific presentation
 of ABUMED's Impella Quality IQ Assurance Program was presented, including early data from the
 the Detroit Cardiogenic Shock Initiative called CSI.
 IQ includes nearly all of the 50,000 U.S. commercial patients in an observational database
 derived from those treated with impella,
 over the past eight years.
 This observational data, combined with data collected in the CVAD Registry and FDA studies,
 It's the largest database in the world
 for these high-risk patients and helps identify hospitals
 with the best outcomes.
 The IQ data indicates that top-performing hospitals
 achieve a 70% plus survival rate as compared to a 50%
 historical survival rate for AMI
 cardiogenic shock patients. Some best practices associated with improved
 outcomes in survival and heart recovery are reducing inotropic escalation using hemodynamic
 monitoring and initiating early implementation of impella before PCI.
 The Detroit CSI Initiative puts into practice these protocols.
 Detroit CSI is an independent collaboration between five
 competitive hospitals in Detroit who are working together to demonstrate
 improved survival rates with heart recovery.
 Early data revealed survival rates of approximately 80% with all survivors discharged home with
 with their native hearts.
 Well, these initial findings are of a small sample
 of approximately 40 patients.
 They correlate with the outcomes from top sites
 in the IQ database and the CVAD registry.
 These initiatives represent the new goal
 to achieve survival and heart recovery,
 and emphasize the need for standardized,
 clinically driven protocols.
 Overall, we are excited to see improved outcomes at Heart Recovery Hospitals and expect continued
 adoption of protocols throughout the United States, Germany, and eventually Japan.
 Additionally, on the CMS front, the American Hospital Association and CMS have now facilitated
 a system of care around the utilization of percutaneous heart pumps for impella FDA indications
 for high-risk PCI, AMI-cardiogenic shock,
 and right ventricular support.
 Historically, impella was primarily reimbursed in one category, DRG216.
 For the last 18 months, the AHA coding clinic updated in Pella to four specific categories.
 DRG's 216 to 221 for the CATLAB,
 DRG 215 for care in the ICU.
 DRG 1 and 2 for biventricular support, and DRG's 268 and 269 for transfer of patients
 to specialized heart recovery hospitals.
 For my second update, I would like to highlight
 that this morning we announced our first patient enrolled
 enrolled in the STEMI DTU Feasibility Study.
 This trial will focus on feasibility and safety
 and lay the groundwork for a future pivotal trial.
 designed to measure the impact that left ventricular
 unloading may have on infarct size related to reperfusion injury.
 We are excited to learn more about this new therapy
 and how it may impact a 200,000 patient per year
 population that is currently not treated with impella or in cardiogenic shock.
 We are entering fiscal 18 with incredible momentum.
 Today, we are announcing that our impella RP PMA submission has been completed ahead
 of schedule and we anticipate approval by October with the planned launch in the U.S.
 in the second half of our fiscal year.
 We're very excited to move forward under a PMA.
 On Japan, we are moving our expectation
 of MHLW reimbursement to September.
 Multiple Japanese physician societies worked extensively with MHLW to define a guidance
 document, which outlines the appropriate hospitals and patients that can receive impella support.
 process took longer than we expected. However, we were notified last week that the guidance
 document
 has been completed and we have selected our 10 training centers.
 In conclusion,
 We are executing on our strategic plan, and the Impella platform has a long runway for growth.
 We are financially secure and operationally prepared to continue to create the field of heart recovery,
 Recovery.
 lead in innovation, and grow shareholder value.
 We want to thank our shareholders for their support and all our employees and customers
 for their hard work and dedication to our Heart Recovery mission.
 As always, we are motivated by meaningfully impacting
 the lives of our patients.
 I will now turn the call over to Mike Chomsichek, RCFO.
 Good morning.
 Sure, Rush.
 So guidance is guidance, and what's possible is what's possible.
 This is my 52nd earnings call and the 14th time I have forecasted revenue for the year
 And we've exceeded expectations in the last six or the last seven years.
 So, just to give you an analogy of how I look at it,
 you know we're running a marathon
 right now at a pace and we believe that that pace will allow us to end as a top finisher.
 In any given quarter, as we've discussed,
 we can run faster and grow by a few more million
 because we have so many new products and indications
 and potential sites.
 So we continue to be one of the fastest growing,
 got profitable companies in MedTech,
 but we're gonna maintain our focus on patient outcomes
 and sustainable growth and you know in the end we'll maintain a pace and maintain our
 blueprint to ensure our success to one billion in U.S. revenue and beyond so I mean that's
 It's kind of the way we look at guidance and we're very focused again on making sure that
 we're growing as the universally adopted standard of care
 in the US, in Germany, and soon to be in Japan.
 Japan is the second largest medtech market in the world.
 They really do not do a lot of sternotomies
 and that avoid transplants.
 So heart muscle recovery is the primary focus and goal
 for these patients and they have a significant clinical need to do high-risk patients in
 in both the CAF Lab and EP Lab.
 Therefore, having hemodynamic support
 will enable a lot more treatment,
 enable complete revascularization and help many heart attack patients that are going
 into shock.
 That being said, Japan is a country where we want to ensure that as we start with 10
 Japanese market and to remind everyone is we do have the CP we have the RP which
 which we'll be submitting at some point in the future.
 And then we also have the world small as heart pumps for chronic patients that we're working
 on that will also be bringing longer term into the future.
 So we're very focused on launching
 in Japan the right way, making sure that both PMDA and MHLW are pleased with the way we
 launch and the way we train the Japanese customers and we want to again ensure we get the best
 out as we can for Japan.
 The net effect is that in years two and three, that's where we start to see the ramp, and
 the Japanese ramp will look very similar to what we've been doing here in the U.S.
 for Intella Arcade.
 Thanks, Raj.
 A couple things on the question is, we think that the best way to grow in Pella is to improve
 of outcomes for patients.
 And that can be for enabling high-risk PCI patients
 to receive complete revascularization
 and protection from problems with acute kidney injury,
 or keeping somebody alive after a heart attack
 that goes into shock and sending them home
 with their native heart.
 The strategy comes back to what we've been talking about
 called the hub and spoke execution.
 And what that means is that we want specialized centers
 that we would consider heart recovery centers,
 We would like them to be the leaders in protected PCI.
 we would like them to be the hub of the Spoke hospitals
 that are treating patients.
 but may want to send patients for further support
 to their facility, and we want all the centers
 that take patients that are having acute myocardial infarction
 and potentially can go into shock,
 have the ability to have impella support.
 So in Europe now, you see that the balloon pump is class 3 for AMI-cardiogenic shock,
 which means it's harmful.
 And we've recently seen a trend in a state that,
 in order for a hospital to be considered a trauma center
 to take AMI shock patients or AMI patients
 that they need to have some type of strategy
 for pertutaneous hemodynamic support.
 And as this progresses, our job as a company
 as a company is to support the hospitals and to help them
 improve their outcomes.
 and what the Impella IQ program gives us now
 is the ability to partner with them
 to look at best practices,
 and to align the hub and spoke so that the patient
 can be treated appropriately at the right hospital.
 And what's exciting is that the American Hospital Association
 CMS has now helped us establish a, basically, a systematic payment structure that's based
 on resources to support patients.
 So that's why the DRG establishment for the CAFLAB
 or the ICU support, or Vibe and Tricular,
 or even transfer from one hospital to the other
 is very important to our overall strategy.
 So it's a long answer to your question,
 But the net effect is that all the sites that are implementing
 programs are growing, and again, the specialized hospitals tend to do more of the protected
 PCI, but by establishing a network, we can improve outcomes in communities for essentially
 all of these types of populations.
 I think the key to success again in growing that is our formula
 that we've talked about for a while which is training data and time, and on the data
 that the ultimate in data is really having FDA approvals
 as safe and effective, and then having dedicated DRGs
 for the treatment of these patients is very helpful, so that's standardized.
 On the training, we continue to train each quarter.
 We had 16 publications in the quarter.
 Now we're over 400.
 We touched almost 1,000 physicians in the quarter
 for educational programs to symposiums.
 And on ease of use, we continue to make changes and updates
 to our console and products to ensure that the nurses,
 to the physicians, find the implantation,
 and management of an impella patient easier every time.
 Thanks Daniel.
 Chris, thanks for the question.
 you know, there's two things that we want to highlight.
 So the first is that we're very pleased
 that the structure has been established
 for the multiple types of patients that we have.
 It's complex in many ways for investors to understand the DRG system, but it's even
 more complex for Abiumad because, as you all know, we have multiple types of patients.
 We have young kids with viruses.
 We have postpartum cardiomyopathy at times.
 We have AMI-cardiogenic shock for 50-year-old dads.
 We've got 69-year-olds that have high-risk PCI that are turned down for surgery and we
 We have patients that have to be treated, both just in the cath lab to the ICU to be
 transferred.
 That part of it over the last 18 months has been sorted out
 and we're incredibly pleased with the progress we made.
 specifically around the analysis that was done
 for the proposal for payment for next year for 215.
 What we have discovered is that it's a very small sample size
 that was run for as a comparison.
 It did not include our Impella 2.5 and CP populations,
 And therefore, we're working with CMS in the common period
 to understand why there's such a small patient population
 or patient sample drops significantly and what is the potential alternatives to do that.
 but what you also have to remember is,
 We now have DRGs for just the cath lab,
 as well as biventricular.
 So some of those patients in the past
 would have divided in particular patients would have been in 215 and those are now going
 to be moving to DRG 1 and 2.
 So I'm very confident what we're going to come up with is a fair plan.
 And I think what's important for folks to remember is that the DRG system is designed
 designed to allow efficient hospitals to break even or make a little bit of money, so the
 The better the outcomes, the better the margin for the hospital, and this is why our protocol
 are so important and why we're, you know, partnering with hospitals to improve on all
 all the patient populations.
 Chris, the Impella RP is a product that provides a solution that, in many cases, can be considered
 life-saving.
 We have patients that are in profound shock
 and that needs support on the right side as well as the left side.
 I do believe that the opportunity is significant,
 And I think with the alignment of Vive and Tricular payment at the CMS level, as well
 as some of the clinical data that has been published or is coming out.
 It will demonstrate that there's a real clinical benefit
 for these patients.
 one of the other nice discoveries that we've made
 we've made with the impella RP is that the right side tends to have a thinner muscle
 wall and therefore is more recoverable so therefore if you can get a patient
 through the time of injury and risk, the right side usually recovers 100 percent, and that's
 very important to send these patients home with their native heart.
 We will be launching this as a PMA, which is a lot easier than launching under a human
 mandatory device exemption, which requires every hospital sign an IRB and requires a
 a lot more administrative work.
 So I think things are aligning now with both reimbursement
 and the regulatory approvals.
 and we look forward to the second half of the year
 going from 127 sites today
 to upwards of 1,000 sites in the future.
 Great, thanks.
 So, Chris, if I understood you right, you wanted to know, and it was stated in Mike's
 section that protects the PCI growth was 26 percent and emergent growth is 37 percent
 overall patient growth is 30%.
 Is that what you're looking for, Chris?
 And it's from an RP standpoint.
 We'll let the regulatory process and the approval take its course.
 We'll see the exact timing of it.
 we've guided to October.
 but then we'll roll out the plans
 for site qualifications, training, and share more specific information as those results
 come to pass later in the year, but we're not prepared to sort of not knowing exactly
 when the approval date will be, give you specifics for the year on RP.
 David, we'll let Abbott update on how they're doing with their own timeline, but this is
 is not a timeline product that has a short leg to it.
 So you've got multiple tasks to complete.
 You have to finish the study, and then there's, again,
 multiple indications required for FDA approvals.
 Relative to our plan is in 2020 and beyond, we anticipate that at some point we'll have
 competition. In the short term, we don't see anything. In the midterm, we don't see anything
 that we would consider competitive from an innovative perspective.
 And our real goal is to obsolete our own products by continuing to advance them, which later
 this year, I'll give an outline of some of the new improvements, enhances both for ease
 of use and product performance across the portfolio from the Impella CP with the optical
 sensor to the ECP product, which I just had a program review in Germany last week, which
 is...
 9 French 4-liter pump. And of course we've got the Impella 5.5 and the Impella
 of BTR coming, which will allow us to enter into that chronic heart failure space for
 class 3 patient. So we look at ourselves as our biggest competitor and we're going to
 to continue to innovate.
 We actually do.
 We do like having Abbott in the space.
 They're a good company that focuses on education and they continue to bring more awareness
 to both protect the PCI and the limitations
 of the introverted balloon pump.
 So we're excited for WellBeyond 2020.
 Thanks David.
 I think we've given any specifics on the timing of it.
 said it's not included in our Blueprint to a Billion 2020 plan, but specific to the study
 itself in the timing is we've projected up to 18 months so obviously if we can do it
 quicker than 18 months for the enrollment, we will.
 It is difficult today for just getting IRB approved in general
 for all medtech companies.
 I think you've seen that trend.
 but once we get all 10 sites,
 then we'll try to be moving as quick as we can.
 But the component of your question that you touch on
 is very insightful, because this is a dramatic difference
 in treating patients today,
 which their hospitals are focused on door to balloon time.
 And that balloon is the angioplasty balloon,
 which they've shown that if you can open up
 somebody's coronary artery within 90 minutes,
 you'll maximize or optimize their ability
 that for these patients to stay alive.
 The problem with that approach is that we are improving survival, but there is a growing
 an epidemic of heart failure happening even with the latest
 and greatest of innovation across the board.
 And the statistics show that within five years of someone
 suffering their first heart attack, 70% have heart failure,
 and 40% of those patients die.
 Now we believe part of that challenge is because
 we're treating the plumbing with the coronary approach with stemping only
 and there's a effect that's happening
 With reperfusion injury and apoptosis,
 that is creating more muscle debt.
 So that's our thesis.
 And, again, if we end up showing our thesis,
 is true, then you're talking about a dramatic change
 to now door to unloading for heart attack patients
 that today do not get impella
 and they're not in cardiogenic shock,
 but we have a long way to go.
 there's a lot of risk in any study,
 But we believe the science of the foundation is very solid,
 and we're definitely excited to potentially enter
 into a market where we can reduce heart muscle damage
 and patients that are not yet in cardiac arrest.
 Jason, the quick answer is yes, because in the U.S. you have 1,000 heart hospitals and
 in heart hospitals or sites that have both cath lab
 surgical suites and clearly needs right side support or biventricular support.
 There's an additional 400 hospitals that have cath lab only, and we'd agree that for
 those places, not all of them will have it.
 However, there is also guidelines, class one recommendations that, for sites that are going
 to do PCI or accept patients that do not have a surgical suite, that they need to have a
 a hemodynamic strategy and a transfer policy.
 So for those sites, they likely will still
 want to have a biventricular approach to enable a patient
 to be stabilized and transferred to one of those 1,000 heart hospitals.
 Okay. Okay.
 Last call and what we generally say,
 It's about 10% of the sites is what we'd consider to have an enforceable standardized
 protocol, and what that would mean is they've got
 They've got Hybers PCI, they've got right side support with Impella, and that matches
 up with our RP sites.
 We have other sites that might have generic protocols,
 but you have to also understand
 that some of these hospitals are different physician groups,
 So while they might have a protocol,
 getting alignment with all of the different centers
 is somewhat challenging.
 And that's why the Detroit CSI initiative is so exciting
 because here you have competitive hospitals
 with competitive physician groups,
 lying to say that we are going to create a protocol
 that we believe.
 not only gets the best survival,
 but gets the best heart recovery outcome for the patient.
 And this is very similar to what happened years and years ago
 with the door-to-balloon time metric.
 And the door-to-bloom time metric again
 shows the best outcomes are at opening the colony
 within 90 minutes.
 Those, that protocol didn't come about with a randomized study.
 that came about by physician groups studying
 and looking at real-world evidence to improve outcomes.
 But just like door to balloon time is not effective at 290 minutes, impella is not
 effective when a patient's been in
 cardiogenic shock for two, three days has had three ionotropes in a balloon pump and they've already are in organ failure.
 So, what we're trying to do, again, is systematically get folks to look at the observational data
 as well as the data that's reinforced in the CVAD registry that shows the best way
 to improve survival and get the outcome of heart recovery is a formula of reducing inotropic
 escalation, having human ionic monitoring, and placing the impella and stabilizing the
 the patient before you do the PCI.
 So those are keys to success, and what's nice about the Detroit initiative is it's also
 It's a physician group.
 We'll continue to work with hospitals, with our IQ program, but the Detroit Initiative
 that is driven by the leaders in the space.
 So I can formally announce today
 that our fiber optic sensor on the Impella CP
 is CE mark approved.
 and we'll be launching under a limited release in Germany
 over the next two quarters.
 And then we plan to launch in the U.S.
 at the very end of our year with the Impella CP obstacle.
 and to explain again why it's so important
 is the optical sensor allows us to have real-time sensing
 of the location of the impellopump relative to where it is against the aortic valve.
 Is it above or below?
 Is it in the left ventricle or above the aortic valve?
 And that's really important to maximize the flow.
 It's definitely an ease of use aspect for patients
 that are in the ICU.
 and it will also give us in the future more ways
 to do smart pumping so we can actually help wean the patient off and maximize the opportunity
 of heart muscle recovery.
 Understood. Thank you.
 This is Mike Minogue, and just to add to that, I was in Germany last week, and in the old days,
 Germany was mostly just the emergency patients and today we have emergency
 patients and protected PCI.
 So the protected PCI population now is 30% or more
 in any given quarter of our patient population in Germany,
 which is a really important component to our execution
 and training.
 The second is an anecdotal story.
 And while I was there in Berlin, I met with one of the top centers and it is now becoming
 more obvious to many of the folks and the physicians in the heart failure community, the importance
 of heart recovery.
 And I met with a physician that has been driving heart recovery and works at one of
 of the largest and busiest LVAD centers in all of Europe.
 There was a patient that had AMI-cardiogenic shock was in, was starting to have organ failure,
 And but the interventionist cardiologists believe the person was recoverable, worked
 with the surgeons who agreed to give him five days
 to try to recover the patient.
 And as the story goes, actually met the patient
 His ejection fraction is now back up above 40%.
 He has been discharged from the hospital and it's bringing a lot of attention to, you
 another alternative, another therapy for these kind of patients.
 And just to remind everyone, in our indication from the FDA, we are given the approval for
 heart recovery, which means that this is the only technology, the only type of heart pump
 that exist in the world that have that exclusive indication.
 Thank you, everyone, for your time today.
 If there's any follow-up questions, please reach out to us.
 Have a great day.