 Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the NextAra Energy Inc. and NextAra Energy Partners conference call.
 All participants will be in a listen-only mode.
 to generate assistance, placing them a conference specialist by pressing the star key, followed
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 questions. To ask a question you may press star and then one. So to draw your questions
 you may press star and two.
 Please note today's event is being recorded.
 At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Pat Ross Scott, Director of Investor Relations.
 Sir, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2020
 our needs and competence goal for next-door energy and next-door energy
 partners.
 With me this morning are Jim Robo, Chairman and Chief Executive of the U.S. and the U.S.
 and Chief Executive Officer of Nexer Energy.
 Rebecca Kiava, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nexer Energy.
 John Ketchum, president and chief executive officer of Nexar Energy Resources, and Mark
 and Executive Vice President of Nexar Energy,
 all of whom are also officers of Nexar Energy Partners,
 as well as Eric Szilagyi,
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Florida Power and Lake Company.
 Rebecca will provide an overview of our results
 and our executive team will then be available
 to answer your questions.
 We will be making forward-looking statements during this call based on current expectations
 and assumptions which are subject to risks and uncertainties.
 Actual results could differ materially
 from our forward-looking statements.
 if any of our key assumptions are incorrect,
 because of other factors discussed in today's earnings
 usually in the comments made during this conference call in the risk factors section
 in the company presentation on our latest reports and filings
 with the Secures and Exchange Commission.
 Each of which can be found on our websites next to our energy.com and next to our energy
 partners.com.
 We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements.
 Today's presentation also includes references to non-GAF financial measures.
 You should refer to the information contained in the slides accompanying today's presentation
 for definitional information and reconciliations of historical non-GAP measures to the closest
 gap financial measure.
 With that, I will turn the call over to Rebecca.
 Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone.
 The next energy delivered strong second quarter results and continued to perform well, both
 financially and operationally while managing the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 as part of our core goal of safely delivering affordable and reliable power to our customers.
 We continue to operate under our pandemic plan that we activated last quarter.
 Despite the challenges created by the pandemic,
 Next-era energy's second quarter adjusted earnings per share increased by more than 11 percent
 versus the prior year comparable quarter.
 and we are well positioned to meet
 our overall objectives for the year.
 FCL increased earnings per share by 15 cents year-over-year, and its strong execution continues
 across the board.
 During the quarter, FPL set a new system peak load of more than 24,500 megawatts.
 FPL's transmission and distribution systems continue to operate in line with our high
 reliability standards, and our highly efficient gas generating facilities remain available
 to serve our customers.
 FPLs continue...
 strong execution is a result of the smart capital investments that we have made over
 the past several decades to enhance our customer value proposition of low bills, high reliability,
 outstanding customer service and clean energy solutions.
 It's consistent with enhancing.
 the best in-class customer value proposition.
 Last month, FPL announced plans to retire Sheriff Orr.
 its last remaining coal unit.
 together with our joint interest owner, J.E.A.,
 and subject to certain approvals
 from the Florida Public Service Commission.
 FPL intends to retire the 847 megawatt coal-fired plant
 in early 2022.
 The retirement of Sheriff Orr is projected to generate hundreds of millions of dollars
 and savings for FPL customers and prevent roughly four million tons of carbon dioxide
 admissions annually from this unit.
 Air Force Retirement is the final step of the cold phase-out strategy that FPL
 launched in 2015, and that will complete the complete
 closure of approximately 2,700 megawatts of coal capacity, including the highest greenhouse
 and I'll see you next time.
 power plants in Florida.
 These transactions, which will make FPL one of the first utilities to eliminate all of
 the coal from its generation portfolio.
 Demonstrate FPL's continued commitment and position
 as a clean energy leader.
 We remain proud of our environmental track record,
 particularly the CO2 emissions reductions
 that we have delivered throughout Florida
 and across the country.
 And we continue to remain focused on building a sustainable energy era that is both clean
 and affordable.
 GolfTower also had a strong quarter of execution.
 The focus on operational cost effectiveness
 at Gulf continues to progress well.
 with year-to-date O&M costs,
 excluding specific COVID-19 related expenses.
 That's declining by nearly 10% versus the prior year
 comfortable period, and by approximately 25% relative to 2018.
 Gulf Power also delivered further improvements in service reliability and continued its significant
 improvement in employees safely, safety with no Usher recordables year-to-date through
 the end of June.
 We remain committed to delivering on the objectives that we previously outlined at Gulf Power
 and continue to expect to generate significant customer
 and shareholder value over the coming years.
 During the quarter, we completed our annual storm drills
 FPL and Gulf Power to prepare for the unprecedented situation of restoring power after a hurricane
 in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 We spent two weeks drilling and challenging our teens
 to find ways to efficiently restore service to our customers
 without sacrificing safety.
 The drills provided a number of lessons, including how to leverage technology to create a better
 quickly and safely screen personnel at various staging sites to help offset some of the challenges
 that will inevitably occur when performing storm restoration in the midst of a pandemic.
 While we hope that our service territories will avoid the impacts of hurricanes this year,
 with our culture that is focused on preparedness and execution.
 We continue to do everything we can to ensure that we will be there for our customers when
 they need us most.
 At Energy Resources, adjusted EPS increased by 13 cents year-over-year.
 The energy resources team continued to capitalize on the terrific market opportunity for low
 low-cost renewables, adding 1,730 megawatts to our backlog since the last earnings call.
 This continued origination success through the ongoing pandemic is a testament to the
 energy resources, significant competitive advantages, including our best in class renewables
 development skills.
 Our engineering and construction team also continues to execute, commissioning roughly
 650 megawatts during the quarter and keeping the remaining approximately 4,400 megawatts
 of wind and solar projects that we expect to complete this year on track despite the
 significant supply chain challenges that are occurring both globally and locally.
 While we are monitoring the situation closely, we continue to expect that all of our planned
 20...
 2020 Renewables Projects will achieve their in-service dates this year.
 In response to increased investor focus on environmental, social, and governance issues
 or ESG.
 Next week, we expect to publish next to our energy's updated ESG report, which includes
 reporting under the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, or SASB, Disclosures.
 Our company has been focused on all of the elements of ESG for more than 25 years.
 years.
 extra energy's approach to governance and risk oversight,
 Combined with the way that we treat our people, our customers, our communities, and the environment,
 are proof that a company can be both sustainable and financially successful at the same time.
 The new report highlights this alignment
 of our corporate strategy with a key tenets of ESG.
 includes a robust discussion of risk oversight
 and incorporates new disclosures such as diversity and inclusion metrics.
 Diversity and inclusion matter deeply to us as a company,
 both because we believe they are the right thing to do,
 but also because diverse and inclusive teams deliver better business results for the diverse
 communities that we serve.
 our commitment to having a diverse workforce
 and inclusive culture is not new.
 and our diversity metrics are better
 than many of the companies in our industry.
 However, consistent with our focus on continuous improvement,
 We are not satisfied and will continue our efforts to build an even more diverse and
 inclusive team going forward.
 Overall, we'll please with the progress we've made in extra energy so far in 2020.
 Heading into the second...
 and half of the year.
 we believe we are well positioned
 to achieve the full-year expectations
 that we have previously discussed,
 even when accounting for a reasonable range of impacts
 and outcomes that may result from the current pandemic.
 Now let's turn to the detailed results beginning with FPL.
 For the second quarter of 2020, FPL reported net income of $749 million or $1.52 per share,
 which is an increase of $86 million and 15 cents per share.
 respectively, year-over-year.
 capital employed increased by more than 10% over the same quarter last year, and was the
 the principal driver of FPL's net income growth of approximately 13%.
 FPL's capital expenditures were approximately $1.8 billion in the second quarter, and we
 We now expect our four-year capital investments to total between $6.5 billion and $6.7 billion.
 billion dollars.
 A reported ROE for regulatory purposes will be approximately 11.6 percent for the 12 months
 ended June 2020, which is at the upper end of the allowed band of 9.6 to 11.6% allowed
 under our current rate agreement.
 During the quarter, we utilized seven million dollars of reserve amortization to achieve our target regulatory ROE
 leaving FPL with a balance of $736 million.
 We continue to expect that FPL will end 2020 with a sufficient amount of surplus to continue
 operating under the current base rate settlement agreement during 2021.
 As we previously discussed, we expect that FPL and GOLF will operate as a single larger
 Florida Utility Company, which will create both operational and financial benefits for
 for our customers.
 As a result, in May, the company's filed an application with FERC for an approval of an
 an internal reorganization, whereby
 the gulf would merge into FPL.
 subject to FERC approval, the companies will merge in January of 2021.
 However, during 2021, Gulf Tower will continue to operate as a separate operating division,
 its existing customers under separate retail rates.
 We continue to expect the companies to file a combined rate case in the first quarter
 of next year for new rates effective in January 2022.
 Turning to our development efforts, all of our major capital initiatives at FPL remain on track and on budget.
 During the quarter, the final 300 megawatts of solar being built under the Solar Base Rate Adjustment, or SOBER mechanism,
 of FPL's base rate settlement agreement were placed into service.
 The 1,200 megawatts of cost-effective solar
 constructed under the SOPR mechanism,
 are expected to generate significant customer benefits
 and represent the early stages of FTL's rapid solar expansion.
 and the next phase of its generation modernization efforts.
 The next six solar together projects totaling approximately 450 megawatts remain on track
 to be placed in service later this year.
 The final 600 megawatts of the roughly 1,500 megawatt community solo program are expected
 to be placed in service next year.
 Beyond solar, construction on the highly efficient, roughly 1,200 megawatt, Dania
 Beach Clean Energy Center remains on schedule and on budget as it continues to advance towards
 its projected commercial operation date in 2022.
 Additionally, the 409 megawatt manatee storage facility, which will be one of the world's
 largest battery storage plants is on track and on budget to be complete next year.
 based on her ongoing analysis of the long-term potential of low-cost renewables.
 We remain confident as ever that wind, solar, and battery storage will be hugely disruptive
 to the energy's existing generation,
 the country's existing generation fleet.
 while reducing costs for customers
 and helping to achieve future CO2 emissions reductions.
 However, to achieve an emissions-free future,
 We believe that other technologies will be necessary.
 and we are particularly excited about the long-term potential
 of hydrogen.
 Consistent with the toe-in-the-water approach,
 we've previously utilized with solar and battery storage.
 We are planning to propose a hydrogen pilot project at FPL.
 It's approximately $65 million pilot project, which is subject to Florida Public Service
 Commission approval is expected to be in service in 2023.
 will utilize solar energy that would have otherwise been clipped
 to produce 100% green hydrogen through a roughly 20-megawatt
 electrolysis system.
 The hydrogen will be used for a place a portion of the natural gas that is consumed by one
 And that's a three.
 gas turbines at the Okeechobee Clean Energy Center.
 We believe that the project is a compliment to our ongoing solar and battery storage development
 efforts and highlights FPL's continued innovative approach to further enhance the diversity
 of the clean energy solutions available for its customers.
 We continue to evaluate other potential hydrogen opportunities across our businesses.
 while our near term investments are expected
 be small in context of our overall capital program.
 We are excited about the technology's long-term potential, which should further support the
 for future demand for low-cost renewables, as well as
 accelerate the decarbonization of transportation fuel and industrial feedstocks.
 We continue to expect that FPL's ongoing smart investment opportunities will support a compound
 annual growth rate in the regulatory capital employed of approximately nine percent from
 2018 through 2022, while further enhancing our best-in-class customer
 value proposition.
 Let me now turn to Gulf Power, which reported second quarter 2020 gap earnings of $55 million
 or 11 cents per share.
 A decline of one cent per share relative to Gulf Power's adjusted earnings per share in
 the prior year period.
 This quarter results include the impact of roughly $5 million of after-tax COVID-19-related expenses,
 primarily reflecting the expected incremental bad debt expense as a result of the pandemic.
 Earlier this month, the Florida Public Service Commission approved Gulf Power's request
 to record cost attributable to COVID-19, including bad debt
 expense as a regulatory asset on this balance sheet.
 As a result, the cost recorded during the second quarter are expected to be reversed
 during the third quarter as the regulatory asset is recorded.
 Health Power's reported ROE for regulatory purposes will be approximately 10.4 percent
 for the 12 months ending June 2020.
 For the full year of 2020, we are targeting a regulatory ROE
 in the upper half of the allowed band of 9.25% to 11.25%.
 During the quarter, Gulf Power's capital expenditures were roughly $170 million, and we now expect
 our full-year capital investments to total between $1.0 and $1.1 billion.
 All of golf.
 smart capital investments, including the North Florida
 resiliency connection and the plant-cryst-cold natural gas conversion continue to progress
 well.
 Similar to other parts of the country, the Florida economy is being impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
 Recent economic data reflects an increase in Florida unemployment rate, and a decline
 and consumer confidence that are roughly in line with the changes the national average
 of each metric.
 While it is still unclear at this point how severely the economy will ultimately be impacted,
 We continue to believe that the financial strengths and structural advantages with
 which floor to enter the crisis.
 and the continued attraction of the state
 to both new residences, residents and new businesses.
 We will support a rebound once the worst of the pandemic is behind us.
 We remain deeply engaged in helping Florida return from this stronger than ever.
 We will continue to do our part to support that outcome, including pursuing our smart
 capital investment program, and economic development efforts, which help create jobs, provide investment
 and local communities, and further enhance our best
 in-class customer value proposition.
 During the quarter, FPL's average number of customers continued its recent trend of strong underlying growth, increasing by approximately 75,000 from the comparable prior year quarter.
 SPL's second quarter retail sales decreased by 0.8% year-over-year, as customer growth
 and favorable weather were more than offset by a decline in underlying usage per customer.
 Based on our analysis, the overall effects
 of the pandemic on underlying usage during the second quarter,
 were relatively muted.
 FPL benefits from having its retail sales being heavily weighted towards residential
 customers and approximately 40% of its load is cooling related and therefore important
 for both comfort and building maintenance.
 During April, when stay-at-home orders were broadly in effect, FPL's weather normalized
 retail sales were down approximately 4% relative to our expectations.
 As the economy began reopening in early May, weather normalized retail sales improved,
 and we're above our expectations in June.
 Well, the ultimate impacts of the pandemic on underlying usage remain unknown at this
 time.
 continue to expect the flexibility provided by a reserve amortization mechanism to offset
 any fluctuation, retail sales, or bad debt expense, and support
 regulatory ROE at the upper end of the allowed band of 9.6 percent to 11.6 percent under
 our current rate agreement.
 For Gulf Power, the average number of customers increased approximately 1.3% versus the comparable prior year quarter.
 Gold Power's second quarter retail sales declined by roughly 6.2% year-over-year as a result
 of the unfavorable weather comparison
 and a decline in underlying usage per customer.
 Over the second quarter, golf power experienced a more significant decline in underlying usage
 for customers in FPL, but also experienced an improvement as the economy began reopening
 in May and June.
 As a reminder, unlike FPL,
 power does not have a reserve amortization mechanism under its settlement agreement to offset fluctuations in revenue or costs.
 So any variability would therefore have more impact to Gulf's earnings in ROE than at FPL.
 As a reminder, as we've often discussed, weather normalization is imprecise, particularly
 when evaluating short periods of time.
 Additional details on retail sales at FPL and Gulf Tower
 are included in the appendix of today's presentation.
 Let me now turn to energy resources, which reported second quarter 2020 gap earnings of
 a $481 million or $0.97 per share.
 and adjusted earnings of $531 million, or $1.08 per share.
 This is an increase in adjusted earnings per share of $0.13.
 or approximately 14% from last year's comparable quarter
 results.
 which have been restated to reflect the results
 of our next energy transmission business formally reported in corporate and other.
 New investments added $0.08 per share.
 Contributions from existing generation assets increased $0.05 per share as improved wind
 resource and increased PTC volume from our repower wind projects were partially offset
 by the refueling outage at the Seabrook Nuclear Facility.
 The second quarter fleet-wide wind resource was 99% of the long-term average versus 93%
 during the second quarter of 2019.
 also contributing favorably with next RMG transmission
 where contributions increased by three cents versus 2019.
 Contributions from our gas infrastructure business, including existing pipelines, were flat year-over-year.
 These favorable contributions were partially offset by lower contributions from our customer
 supply and trading business, which declined four cents versus the particularly strong
 second quarter last year.
 all other impacts increased results by one cent per share.
 As I mentioned earlier, energy resources development team had another excellent quarter of origination
 success.
 Adding one
 1,730 megawatts to our backlog.
 Since our last earnings call,
 We have added 708 megawatts of wind, 844 megawatts of solar, and 178 megawatts of battery storage
 to our renewables backlog.
 We also executed a build-own transfer agreement for a 200-megawatt solar project, which has
 not included in our backlog additions.
 All of the battery storage projects will be paired with either new or existing solar projects
 to take advantage of the ITC and provide a more firm renewable product for our customers.
 The continued strong demand for battery storage projects highlights the rapid transition to
 in the next phase of renewables development
 that pairs low cost wind and solar energy
 with a low-cost battery storage solution.
 We continue to expect that by the middle of this decade, without incentives, new, near-firm
 wind and new near-firm solar will be cheaper than the operating costs of most existing
 coal and nuclear facilities and less fuel-efficient oil and gas
 for...
 generation units, producing significant long-term renewables demand.
 Our crimp backlog now totals approximately 14,400 megawatts and is the largest we have
 ever had in our roughly 20-year development history.
 To put our back...
 log into context. It is larger than the current operating and wind solar portfolios of all
 but two other companies in the world as of year in 2019.
 Highlighting the next energy continues to be at the forefront of disruption that is occurring
 within the energy sector.
 Only halfway through 2020, we are pleased to have already signed nearly 3,500 megawatts
 of contracts for delivery beyond 2022, which is a reflection of the continued strong economic
 demand for wind, solar, and battery storage to ensure that we can take advantage of this
 significant demand in the coming years.
 we now have more than $2 billion of safe harbor wind and solar equipment, which could
 support as much as $40 billion of wind, solar, and battery storage investments across all
 of our businesses from 2021 to 2024.
 for.
 purchases, highlight the benefits of scale, and the strength of our balance sheet that
 that we leverage as a key competitive advantage
 and Renewables Development and position us well for continued long-term growth.
 The State Carbure equipment also supports additional repowering opportunities, including
 several hundred megawatts of potential 2021 repowering projects, which we are currently
 evaluating.
 As I discussed earlier, all of the 2020 Renewables projects remain on track to achieve their
 targeted in service states this year.
 As a result, we do not expect these projects to rely on the updated Treasury start of construction
 guidance that was released during the quarter.
 Beyond renewables, we continue to make progress with Mountain Valley Pipeline and work with
 our project partners to resolve the outstanding permit issues required for the pipeline's
 construction.
 We were pleased with the Supreme Court's ruling,
 regarding Appalachian Trail-Crossing Authorization Authority, which resolved similar issues for
 NDP.
 We were similarly pleased that the Supreme Court partially stayed the Montana Federal
 Court's decision related to the Nationwide 12 permit program and are working with the
 Army Corps of Engineers on its reissuance of the project's permit.
 Following comprehensive re-study by the relevant agencies, we expect issuance of NBPs revised
 biological opinion shortly.
 Assuming timely resolution of the outstanding permitting issues, we are now targeting a
 full in service date for the pipeline during early 2021 and expect an overall project estimate
 in the range of $5.4 to $5.7 billion.
 Turning now to the consolidated results for next year energy for the second quarter of 2020 gaff net income
 attributable to next-term energy was $1.27 by $5 billion or $2.59 per share.
 Energy's 2020 second quarter adjusted earnings and adjusted EPS for $1.286 billion and $2.61
 share, respectively.
 Adjusted earnings from corporate and other declined by one set year-over-year.
 primarily as a result of higher interest expense.
 Next, our energy also delivered strong year-to-date operating cash flow growth and for the full
 year 2020 expects to generate roughly $8.5 billion in operating cash flow to help support
 its strong financial position.
 Next, our energy maintains approximately $13 billion in liquidity to support the largest
 capital investment program in our history.
 In this last quarter's call, we completed roughly $3 billion in long-term financing,
 including a $2.2 billion in capital holdings to ventures.
 Over the course of the last few months, we repaid nearly all of the term loans that we
 issued during March and April and converted these commitments to bilateral revolving credit
 facilities. Included in these facilities is a total of more than $1 billion in six-month
 storm facilities at FPL and Gulf Tower, which, similar to previous years, we put in place
 to ensure sufficient liquidity in the event of a hurricane.
 resources also closed to tax equity financings, including its first ever combined wind and
 solar portfolio financing. And we expect to close on the balance of our tech
 equity financings as the renewable projects are placed in service later this year.
 Are you here today at Financing Activities?
 These are evidence of the great financial partnerships we have built over time, which
 help provide ample liquidity and continued access to capital to support our outstanding
 growth prospects.
 Next, our energy's financial expectations remain unchanged.
 We can...
 continue to expect that next year energies adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate to
 to be in a range of 6% to 8% through 2021.
 off of the 2018 Justice DPS.
 $7.70 plus the accretion of $0.15 and $0.20 in 2020 and 2021, respectively, from the
 floor to acquisitions.
 For 2020, we continue to expect our adjusted EPS to be in the range of $8.70 to $9.20.
 For 2022, we expect to grow adjusted EPS in the range of 6% to 8% off of the 2021 adjusted EPS.
 Translating to a range of $10 to $10.75 per share.
 From 2018 to 2022, we continue to expect that operating cash flow will grow roughly in
 line with our adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate range.
 We also continue to expect to grow our dividends per share at roughly 10% per year through at least 2022 off of a 2020 base.
 While our expectations always assume normal weather and operating conditions, as we consider
 reasonable range of impacts related to the current pandemic. We continue to
 feel comfortable with the expectations that we have outlined.
 in summary.
 Despite the challenges created by the COVID-19 pandemic, all of our businesses continue to
 perform well and maintain their excellent prospects for growth going forward.
 We have a long-term track record of delivering results for our customers and shareholders,
 we remain intensely focused on continuing that track record.
 Based on the resiliency of our underlying businesses and their strong growth prospects,
 We will be disappointed if we are not able to deliver financial results at or near the
 the top end of our adjusted earnings per share expectation ranges in 2020, 2021, and 2022,
 at the same time maintaining our strong credit metrics.
 We continue to remain enthusiastic about our future
 and believe that next-door energy is well positioned
 drive long-term shareholder value over the coming years.
 Let me now turn to next energy partners, which continued its strong start to 2020 with growth,
 and adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution of approximately 23 percent and
 and 46% respectively from the prior year comparable quarter.
 On a year-to-date basis, adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution have increased
 by 26% and 86% respectively versus 2019.
 the strong operational and financial performance that
 The next energy partner highlights the next energy partner remains well positioned to
 and continue to deliver on its outstanding growth objectives.
 The next energy partners board declared a quarterly distribution of $57.75 per common
 unit or $2.31 per common unit on an annualized basis, continuing our track record of growing
 distributions at the top end of our 12% to 15% per year growth range.
 We were pleased to see PG&E's emergence from bankruptcy earlier this month.
 As expected, all of our existing contracts were assumed without modification.
 application.
 Following PG&E's emergence from bankruptcy,
 Next Energy Partners received a cash distribution of approximately $65 million from our desert
 Sunlight 250 and 300 projects, which represent current distributions and those previously
 withheld as a result of the bankruptcy.
 The release of the desert sunlight, trapped cash, supplements, and extra energy partners
 liquidity which was approximately $650 million including cash on hand at the end of the second
 quarter.
 The organic growth investments at NextRNG partners continue to progress well, the approximately
 275 megawatts of wind repowering and the Texas Pipeline's expansion both remain on track to
 being serviced later this year.
 We continue to expect to execute on additional attractive growth opportunities as next surgery
 partners portfolio further expands.
 Let me now review the detailed results
 for next energy partners.
 The second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $349 million and cash available for distribution
 was $166 million, up 23 percent and 46 percent respectively, against the prior year comparable
 quarter.
 Now that the PG&E bankruptcy has been favorably resolved,
 and distributions from our Desert Sunlight projects have resumed.
 Cash available for distribution includes all contributions from PG&E-related projects.
 new projects added $51 million in adjusted EBITDA and $36 million of cash available
 for distribution.
 Existing projects also contributed favorably to the significant year-over-year growth and
 adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution as resource was favorable
 across the portfolio.
 For the second quarter, wind resource was 100% of the long-term average versus 94% in the prior year comparable quarter.
 cash available for distribution also benefited from a reduction in project
 level debt service, primarily as a result of the early debt retirement to facilitate
 the wind-repowerings.
 The reduction in project level debt service was partially offset by higher corporate level
 interest expense.
 As a reminder, these results are net of IDR fees since we treat these as an operating
 extent.
 Additional details are shown on the accompanying slide.
 Let me now turn to Next Energy Partners' expectations, which remain unchanged.
 Next Energy Partners continues to expect December 31, 2020 run rate for adjusted EBITDA to be
 a range of $1.225 billion to $1.4 billion and cash available for distribution in the range
 of $560 million to $640 million, reflecting calendar year 2021 expectations for the portfolio
 at the end of 2020.
 Now that the PG&E bankruptcy has been favorably resolved, we will no longer provide CAFD expectations,
 including the contributions from the desert semi-projects.
 reminder, these expectations include the impact of anticipated IDR fees as we treat these
 as non-...
 operating expense.
 From the base of our fourth quarter 2019 distribution per common unit at an annualized rate of $2.14,
 We continue to see 12 to 15 percent growth per year in LP distributions as being a reasonable
 range of expectations through at least 2024.
 expect the annualized rate of the fourth quarter 2020 distribution that is payable in February
 of 2021 to be in a range of $2.40 to $2.46 per common unit.
 Similar to extra energy, while our expectations always
 to assume normal weather and operating conditions.
 as we consider a reasonable range
 impacts related to the current pandemic, we continue to feel comfortable with our overall
 expectations.
 With a resumption of cash distributions from the Desert Sunlight Projects, we now expect
 to achieve Next Energy Partners' 2020 Distribution Growth
 objectives, while maintaining a trailing 12-month payout ratio of approximately 70 percent,
 highlighting the significant flexibility
 we believe Next Energy Partners has going forward.
 as we've previously discussed.
 We will continue to be opportunistic.
 Next Generation Partners' favorable positioning should give it flexibility to achieve its
 long-term distribution growth objectives without the need to make any acquisitions until 2022.
 We are pleased with Next Energy Partners' year-to-date performance in 2020 and believe
 it continues to offer a best in class value proposition for investors.
 the diversity and long-term contracted nature
 Next Energy Partners clean energy portfolio helps insulate it from the broader economic
 conditions, including impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
 the flexibility to grow in three ways, acquiring assets from energy resources,
 organically for acquiring assets from third parties.
 Next Energy Partners has clear visibility into its growth going forward.
 Following another strong quarter of origination, Energy Resources Portfolio of Renewable Projects
 now totals more than 27 gigawatts, including the signed backlog of projects that Energy
 resources plans to build in the coming years.
 combined with the prospects for future renewables development.
 next energy partner's long-term growth visibility remains as strong as ever.
 Next Energy Partners' cost of capital and access to capital advantages, including significant
 demand from various low-cost private infrastructure capital.
 provide flexibility to finance this growth
 over the long term.
 these strengths together with next energy partners,
 favorable tax position, and enhanced governance rights.
 Leave, next-gen D partners.
 uniquely positioned to continue to deliver on its objectives going forward.
 forward.
 closing.
 that the fundamental value proposition of next to our energy and next to our energy partners
 remains as robust as ever.
 Both companies remain resilient and well positioned to deliver on their commitments.
 We continue to remain enthusiastic about our future and are continued and are focused
 on delivering smart capital investments that enhance value for both customers and shareholders
 and expand our position as the world's leading clean energy provider.
 concludes our prepared remarks and with that we will open up the line for questions.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if it's time, if you would like to ask a question, please press
 a star, and then one, using a touch-tone telephone.
 To withdraw your questions, you may press star and two.
 If you are using a speaker phone, we do ask that you please pick up the hand step before
 for pressing the numbers to ensure the best sound quality.
 But again, that is star and then one to ask a question.
 We'll pause momentarily to stumble the roster.
 And our first question today comes from Julian Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
 Hey, and morning. This is actually Richie here for Julian.
 Just had a question around the Cat-Bex Rays and FTL and GOLF.
 What was driving that?
 Is that more around undergrounding, grid hardening,
 or is that more on the solar side?
 And after we think about the cat-back trajectory
 from 21 and beyond.
 Is that more in line with what you disclosed
 your analyst day, or should we expect it to be on one of these robust levels going forward?
 Good morning and thanks for the question.
 I think it really reflects consistency with what we've been talking about for a long time,
 which is we keep finding terrific projects for our customers and investment opportunities.
 and we're starting to put those in place.
 As I highlighted in the prepared remarks, we do have a consistent expectation for the
 growth rate between 2018 and 2022 of a 9% compound annual growth rate.
 So, obviously, some projects move from one year to another.
 But at the heart of it, it is terrific investments for the benefit of our customers.
 As far as beyond 2022, you know, similar to comments that we've made in the past, the
 growth opportunities that we see across all of our businesses, but specific at FPL and
 Gulf power, include the modernization efforts, including the large deployment of solar over
 time as well as investments in grid hardening and undergrounding is highlighted by the storm
 protection plan that were in the process of going through approvals and, you know, initial
 investments for that program.
 So we're super excited about the opportunities
 for investing and, again, stay very focused on ensuring that these are good projects for
 the benefit of our customers.
 Got it. Thanks. That's very helpful. And then just around your comments around hydrogen. I think he's disclosed
 was $65 million for that pilot project.
 What are you seeing there on that front?
 front, is this more around transportation opportunities or is this all around pipeline
 and being able to blend with pipes.
 So we're really excited about hydrogen, in particular, when we think about getting to
 a...
 not a net zero emissions profile, but actually a zero carbon emissions profile.
 And when we looked at this, let's call it five, ten years ago,
 and we thought about what it would take to get to true zero emissions.
 we were worried that it was extraordinarily expensive for customers.
 What makes us really excited about hydrogen, particularly in the 2030 and beyond timeframe,
 is that that has the potential to supplement
 significant deployment of renewables, including wind and solar technologies, complemented
 by short and I'll call it medium term duration batteries, but then that last amount of emissions
 that you would take out of the system to get down to zero.
 So it could be most economically served by hydrogen.
 So that's what makes us excited about doing a pilot project.
 We're very excited about the opportunity
 to present that to the Florida Public Service Commission
 as a way to further enhance SPL's ability to innovate
 and deliver these long-term clean energy solutions
 to our customers.
 And as part of that, we'll learn about the technologies
 and we'll see what other opportunities there are potentially for the industrial and transportation
 sectors, and for us to be able to produce that, the green energy to produce the green
 hydrogen is a potential significant opportunity for us.
 We think we're at the early stages, which is kind of consistent with our toe in the
 the water approach who want to get some experience with it.
 obviously do a lot of research and talk to folks in the supply chain and get better equipped
 to take advantage of these opportunities,
 but we're really excited about it.
 Thanks a lot. That's all the questions I had.
 Thank you, Richie.
 Next question comes from Char Perez from Guggenheim Partners.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 All right, good morning.
 It's actually a constant thing here for Shar as well.
 Congratulations on a great quarter.
 It's a, we've definitely seen some impressive numbers
 So the backlog additions and contract increases for the 22
 time frame, just kind of curious on kind of your thoughts around kind of your growth trajectory
 and kind of contribution to the business mix, and it's kind of subsided at a conversation
 points from the rating agency, but just thoughts on kind of growing contributions from the
 near versus balancing that from the regulated contribution.
 And is this what you're thinking about?
 both on acquisitions or kind of any kind of drop-downs
 like colorated from near,
 just some thoughts around that.
 Thank you.
 I appreciate you dialing in this morning.
 We're really excited about pursuing opportunities
 for investment across the board.
 And of course, at FPL and golf, that's
 focused on investments that need to create value
 for our customers and our energy resources,
 it's return focused, along with delivering things for our customers there too.
 So from a corporate perspective, we don't want to limit any of our businesses when we
 find great investment opportunities which, you know, again, I can't highlight enough
 about how excited we are about the Renewables Development
 prospects at energy resources.
 So we're not going to constrain them in any way.
 We will develop those opportunities that create value for shareholders and to the extent that
 that we want to maintain balance over time.
 We've got a lot of opportunities to do that
 that are accretive for shareholders,
 including recycling of capital through next energy partners,
 which is obviously a willing and excited acquirer
 of energy resources projects.
 But Energy Resources has the ability to recycle capital to third parties as well.
 So, there's plenty of ways to ensure that we can create the real, you know, value of
 creating...
 of opportunities and still think about it from a corporate perspective in a variety
 you different ways.
 Thanks, that's a that's very helpful and kind of pivoting a little bit to something a little bit longer term. I guess
 Can we get some of your thoughts on the November election and kind of the Biden campaign has
 to put out some plans and frameworks out there,
 higher tax rate, clean energy support.
 How was the next era of positions for potential changes
 at the federal level.
 So this is Jim.
 You know, we always position our business to try to win regardless of the outcome of elections.
 And, and so, you know, we, I think you can remember back three, you know, close to four
 years ago now, there was some turmoil around our stock when President Trump was elected.
 We've managed completely fine under this administration in terms of being able to continue to grow
 or renewable business because you know what, it's all about economics, right, and the time
 for renewables is now and, you know, that kind of transcends politics, frankly.
 economics and the need to, you know, and really the need to decarbonize not only the
 electric sector, but the rest of the sectors of the economy are really, you know, really
 frankly, transcend what happens in elections.
 And so, you know, obviously, we watch them closely.
 we think good clean energy policy is important
 and the right policy for America in the future.
 And, you know, we continue, I think, to be positioned really well, regardless of who wins in November.
 Okay, that makes sense. So I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks so much. Congrats.
 Thank you.
 comes from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Hi, good morning guys.
 Hey, I'm on the same question
 Jim, or what do you think is the most likely outcome from the Congress these days, tax
 credit extensions, cash grants, do you think a National Renewable Portfolio Standard is
 of possibility. I'm just wondering, of all those different alternatives, what do you think
 might actually occur in the next four years.
 You know, so I think it's honestly too soon to tell Michael, I think, you know, a lot
 it's going to depend on what happens in the election in this very continued split
 government or is there not to put government that'll be I think a big
 driver of what policies happen, and I think all of those ideas were on the table.
 We've been consistent in what we've said, which is that, you know, we think it's important
 to have good and fair clean energy policy going forward.
 We also have said that it's, that we think wind and renewables with batteries will be,
 You know are very competitive
 you know, once the PTCs and the ITCs phase out in terms of competing against conventional
 It's just honestly really more a matter of the speed with which you want to decarbonize
 this is what is going to ultimately drive the final, I think, policy choices.
 And so, you know, we are, you know, obviously we're actively engaged in the discussions
 And I think it's premature, really,
 to say what we think is going to happen,
 because I think you have an election in four or five months,
 as you all know, elections have consequences, and, you know, we'll see what happens post
 the election in terms of what's going to be the policy landscape going forward.
 Great.
 Hey, I'm on hydrogen.
 Do you think, and I noticed there's a lot more emphasis on renewables rather than gas
 turbines and your future construction plans at FDL.
 And I'm just wondering if hydrogen works out.
 Is that a method?
 Do you think you could actually put more gas turbines back into the plan if hydrogen production
 becomes...
 comes a viable economic alternative?
 or do you think other alternative technologies
 better suited, such as fuel cells.
 Mike, I think, you know, from a hydrogen perspective,
 and specific to the Florida Power and Light Company.
 We're talking about potential hydrogen opportunities, really,
 in the 2030 and beyond timeframe.
 And in that intervening time, we deploy a significant amount of solar technology.
 And then if we're right, and if the cost come down for hydrogen,
 And it is the best alternative for supporting getting to a zero emissions profile.
 We would...
 retrofit certain of our, you know, gas facilities to run on hydrogen or run on a portion of hydrogen.
 So I think for floor-to-power and light and golf power, you know, it's, you know, it's
 as
 And again, we're talking about a long way into the future.
 You wouldn't necessarily need to build any new hydrogen slash gas turbines in that portfolio
 because we've got a tremendously efficient fleet that's already in service and the investments
 we would make for really around conversion.
 Now, whether or not that's true elsewhere in the country,
 I think is, you know, it might be a little bit different.
 but we're talking about a long way down the road
 a lot of things need to come together
 to have those types of conversation.
 I think it's fairly preliminary.
 Got you.
 And one final question, just make a comment on M&A interest these days, what's going on
 That's all.
 It's Sandy Cooper.
 etc.
 So I think we, this won't be surprising, we remain interested in M&A.
 We think there's a lot that we can bring to the table.
 I continue to believe that there's not a utility in the country that we couldn't run more efficiently and better for customers.
 and I truly believe that.
 And so, you know, we continue to look, I think, in terms of Sandy Cooper.
 You know, that process has been pushed to next year and we remain, you know, we remain
 very interested and continue to be focused on trying to make that happen.
 Hey, Jim, what regions of the country are you focused on?
 I'm just curious.
 we continue to be focused on the Midwest and the Southeast.
 Gotcha.
 All right.
 Thank you very much.
 regulated assets pretty much anywhere.
 Okay, thanks a lot.
 Thank you
 Our next question comes from Steven Byrd from Morgan Stanley.
 Please get up with your question.
 Hi, thanks.
 It's Dave Arkaro on for Stephen.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 I had one quick follow-up just on the hydrogen topic.
 I'm wondering if you see a potential path
 for this to be an opportunity at near.
 And also in terms of kind of business model,
 but you think that you would envision being involved
 in owning the electrolysis function within the supply chain.
 And if so, do you have kind of a vision or view on what technology is ahead of others
 at this point.
 Thanks, Dave.
 I would say at this point we're looking for opportunities across the portfolio, and obviously
 We talked about the pilot project, FPL, today, but we are looking at other pilot type investment
 opportunities elsewhere in the portfolio consistent with the way that we approached solar early
 and, of course, batteries more recently.
 So I think there will be opportunities over time for those type of pilot projects, you
 You know, again, where you think of it as actually being close to economic today are
 areas where there's already significant penetration of renewables, because as you well know, it's
 critical to find a low-cost electricity supply in order to make it economic or close to economic.
 in the U.S., the economics certainly have to factor in that today there's a very low
 low cost supply of natural gas, making it, you know, imperative that you find a cheap
 electricity supply.
 You know, it's early, you know, never say never on, you know, where we might find opportunities
 to invest in the business, but historically, as you know,
 We've not played in the space of owning, you know,
 being a vertically integrated owner of technologies or projects.
 We've typically taken the best of manufactured equipment from other folks, you know, apply
 our...
 scale and our ability to construct, own, and operate over the long term effectively is
 where we create value.
 So, again, it's early, but at this point,
 I wouldn't think that we would focus
 on vertically integrating, it's more of applying hydrogen
 is a technology consistent the way that we've created value in the past.
 So the only thing I would add to that, two things.
 I'd be disappointed if in John's business we don't make some kind of pilot investment
 in the next year, we're looking at a variety of things and I'd be disappointed if we don't
 make some kind of pilot investment in the next year.
 very much towing the water like we did a decade ago in the battery storage business.
 Secondly, you know, clearly we're not going to backward integrate into manufacturing
 electrolyzers or anything like that but I wouldn't rule out us owning them as part of
 of a integrated system that was integrated with renewables to manufacturer hydrogen and
 And as, you know, our view around that would be if we had a long-term contract,
 And obviously we have access to very efficient capital.
 We know how to operate equipment.
 And so a lot of that would come to our, I think,
 strategic advantages in terms of how we're able to create value for folks.
 I think it's early.
 There's clearly an opportunity to, you know,
 five to ten years from now to displace the last 10% of the carbon emissions out of the
 electric sector by manufacturing hydrogen with renewables.
 clear.
 It is also clearly an opportunity to make renewables, to displace diesel fuel, and perhaps
 even other types of transportation fuel going forward.
 And there's also, I think, clearly an opportunity
 to make green hydrogen to replace other types of hydrogen
 or and other feedstocks in industrial applications.
 And so we're looking at all of that and we're not, you know,
 We're not being, all of that in the end comes back to a very important thing, which is this
 is going to drive gigawatts, and gigawatts, and gigawatts,
 and gigawatts of renewable demand in this country.
 And so there is no one better positioned than us
 to take advantage of that, and we're going to be just
 like we were in battery storage.
 We're going to be at the vanguard.
 We're going to, and we're going to, this is a big strategic initiative for us and we're
 going to drive it and it's going to be very important for this company, I think, not, you
 over the next decade.
 We won't make any money on it in the next five years,
 just like we didn't make any money in batteries
 in the first five years and next year we're deploying
 billion dollars of batteries 10 years later.
 And so that's the way I think about this.
 I think about this is help powering the long-term growth of this company into the back half
 for this decade and the next decade as well.
 God, if that's really helpful, thank you so much for those comments.
 I just had one other quick M&A follow-up.
 I was just wondering if there are any paths for Texas
 to be a target of interest for you from an M&A perspective
 what would need to change there.
 Thanks
 So we
 We have spent a lot of time in Texas obviously.
 own assets in Texas and so we are a great operator and we feel like we would bring an
 an enormous amount of state.
 We own billions of dollars of assets in the state, right?
 And we're a great, great partner for the state.
 And so, you know, I would never say never, you know,
 Obviously, we were extraordinarily disappointed
 in the on-core decision, we think it was a mistake.
 and short-sighted, but, you know, that is what it is.
 And so, it's probably going to take a bit to get past that before I'm super excited
 about doing things in Texas from an M&A standpoint.
 Understood.
 understood. Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Michael Lapitas from Goldman Sachs.
 go ahead with your question.
 Good morning, everybody.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 I want to turn to Florida for a second if you're supposed to file rate cases next year
 at both utilities and obviously the combination of the two will be a big step.
 Is there any potential for being able to delay or defer the timing of the rate cases to,
 A, see what happens from a tax perspective in D.C. from a public policy perspective just
 so you don't have to go back to the regulator
 two or three times over a two or three-year period.
 and B, is there any scenario where you may not even need a rate case or rate where we
 
 Good morning, Michael, and we appreciate the question.
 And so I've commented, I think, even in these prepared remarks.
 We do continue to believe that FPL and GOLF would file for a combined rate case in early
 to 2021 for new rates effective in 2022.
 As you highlighted, there's some uncertainties
 and certain factors that could change.
 But that's the reality of operating any business.
 You know what you know those days,
 and you do the best you can for planning,
 for uncertainties and we certainly would contemplate changes that we're aware of at the time.
 But, you know, you've got to keep running your business.
 And what's most important from our perspective is continuing to have the ability to invest
 in Florida Power and Light, and invest at Gulf Power in these great opportunities that
 we see for the benefit of our customers.
 We continue to lead the industry in O&M costs.
 we continue to lead the industry in reliability
 and customer service, and the best way to keep doing that
 is execute, and that means occasionally having rape cases.
 We are excited about that prospect.
 We've been preparing for it for a long time.
 and we think we have a great story to tell
 And we welcome the opportunity to talk about the things that we've been doing at FPL and Golf.
 So right for now, obviously things could change, but for now, we continue to have those plans
 the file in 21 for new rates effect of 2022.
 All right.
 And one other question just on the Florida utilities.
 You have been the industry leader in terms of cost management.
 Do you think the pace of change in O&M cost declines will stay at this level, meaning
 the year-over-year change or decline rates?
 What would you think they're reaching a point where it'll start to flatten out, where the
 the ability to continue to take out as much cost as you've done every year will start to
 flood.
 I'm sure if the answer to that, Michael, is we've got a very creative team, and we've
 got...
 got a team that is focused on continuous improvement
 and not afraid of that.
 but let it, let me also not underestimate, you know,
 what that requires and that requires the ability to identify those new technologies and take
 that cost out over time.
 So there's, you know, we have to work for it.
 And so every year we pull together and come up with our best ideas.
 Do we think over the long period of time
 that we've exhausted every opportunity.
 No, in part because I think technology will continue to enhance our abilities to do that,
 but it takes time to execute those opportunities.
 So our discipline is there.
 our creativity is there, our innovation,
 our commitment to continuous improvement,
 We're going to do the best we can to create the best value for our customers.
 Got it.
 Thank you, Rebecca.
 I much appreciate it.