 Thanks, Ed.
 Let's start with slide number three, and if you look at our start to 2017, it was better
 than expected, with revenue of 12% to $1.88 billion, and core EPS up to 2% to $3.91.
 city guidance for the first quarter, which is a very good start.
 I just...
 That was flat at 440 million compared to the first quarter of 2016.
 A 72-million reserve bill to cart services, and a 17-million decrease in just IBDOT air
 miles due to the breakage reset at the end of 2016 dampened the growth rate for the quarter
 as delinquency trends moderate over the course of 2017,
 consistent with the wedge.
 The quarterly reserve bills will moderate while the year-over-year hold and air miles
 suggested if a doc should close his program changes or implement it over the course of
 starting the year, we knew we need to deliver on three major assertions. First, that Epsilon
 could return to possible revenue and adjust to the up-to-growth and that we could stabilize
 the technology platform offering.
 I would say we're on track, especially in view of this very strong Q1.
 Second.
 credit normalization will conclude by the end of 2017.
 We'd say check, as we're definitely tracking to the
 wedge on slide 11. Third, that we can retool the earmiles model to replace last
 to bedal from the breakage reset.
 We'd say that's still in process, but we do expect it with all margins to increase appreciably,
 especially in the back half of 2017.
 Attorney to catch allocation.
 We were active with our repurchase program during the first quarter, spending $415 million
 of the 500 million board authorization to acquire 1.7 million shares.
 Let's go to the next slide and talk about loyalty one
 We'll start with air miles and air miles revenue decrease 6% to 181 millionth of the first quarter 2017
 The decrease is largely due to a 4% decline in air miles redeemed, which was expected
 given the elevated redemption activity in 2016.
 The burn rate, which are miles redeemed,
 by miles issued, was still elevated during the first quarter of 17, due to a backlog
 they carried over from 2016, but we expected to normalize at about a 78% burn rates for
 for a full year, 2017.
 Air miles adjusted EBITDA decreased 32% to $35 million,
 are a 20% EBITDA margin.
 The decrease is primarily due to the lower breakage rate entering 2017.
 As you recall, it's now 20%.
 Versus, historically, it was 26%.
 And that knocks about one cent or one penny
 profitability per mile redeemed. This is the whole we talked about before. We are focused
 primarily on lowering the cost per mile redeemed
 by negotiating better vendor pricing.
 and we start to see results in March.
 From a collector standpoint, our active collector statistics
 overall, or down from last year, but on par with 2015 levels.
 our promotions in market, such as a recently completed cruise
 promotion where every mile earned during the qualifying period was an entry into one of
 about 1,300 cruise packages are stimulating issuance per transaction, which is positive
 news.
 Brand loyalty revenue in just IBDAW decreased 6% to 152 million
 and 14 percent to 24 million, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2016.
 The declines are largely due to program timing between years, as well as unsafable effects
 rates being a three-point drag on both.
 There's really nothing new to report on the North American expansion effort at this time,
 that there were several high potentials for 2017.
 Let's flip to the next slide and discuss EPSLON.
 It's the first quarter in some time that I actually enjoy talking about the epsilon results
 As we started the year very strongly, with revenue up to 7%,
 adjusted EBITDA 5%, a very nice flow through at the top line growth to adjusted EBITDA.
 There was a better balance of revenue growth
 in the key product categories than we have seen in some time.
 Epsilon Agency, auto and CRM.
 were all at double digits, with the CRM direct up a robust 47%.
 Data and affiliate product offerings increase
 in the low single digit range.
 technology platform, which is about 25% of Epsilon's revenue, decreased 7%, which was
 the sequential improvements to the minus 13% in Q1 of Q4 of 16, sorry.
 The softening turned quickly in 2016.
 growth rates went from plus 5% growth in Q1 to flatten Q2 to minus 4% in Q3 and then
 and minus 13% in Q4.
 The change in 2016 was due to the loss
 of a few key clients mid-year.
 Importantly, the climb base has since been very stable.
 Lastly, conversion agency was down 28% compared to the first quarter of 2016.
 This offering has been a consistent drag now for about nine quarters, but it's now reaching
 a level where at less than 5% of Epsilon's revenue, it appears to be stabilizing.
 Let's turn to slide six and talk about card services.
 Revenue increased 22% to slightly over $1 billion for the first quarter of 2017, driven
 by strong roof shields, which increased 80 bits compared to the first quarter of 2016.
 any expenses increased only 3% to $360 million for the first quarter and expressed as a percentage
 of average card receivables declined 120 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2016.
 That is a very strong start to the year in terms of the expense of leveraging.
 Adjusted EBITDA net increased 8% to $331 million for the first quarter of 2017.
 Despite the...
 $72 million bill to allow us for the loan losses.
 As we talked about before, that number should drop in Q2 and Q3.
 The sales increased 6% to $6.6 billion for the first quarter,
 aided by 10 to share gains to about 100 basis points.
 over one-third of credit sales for the quarter,
 were through digital channels reflecting the change in retail landscape.
 Web mobile applications increased 13%.
 While traditional channel applications, such as in-store, increase 6% during the quarter.
 Web mobile applications now count for over 30%
 of all applications.
 Recognizing the shift to digital cells,
 we recently introduced a correctionalist,
 Mobile Acquisition Capability, which reduces the application process to only a few keystrokes,
 reducing the abandonment rate by over 95 percent.
 These capabilities will allow us to continue to add
 such as Wayfair as clients.
 Lastly, to clarify the topic of rising interest rates, yes, it benefits card services made
 interest margin, the APR we charge is variable rate tied to prime rate, an increase in prime
 rate will reset the APR to the cardholder within two billion cycles. Conversely, funding
 costs, which were about 70% fixed rate, will reset over a two-year period.
 Now with that, I'll turn it over to Ed.
 Great.
 Thanks, Charles. If you will turn to slide eight, just a quick summary of the first quarter of 2017.
 As we mentioned at a consolidated basis, top line was up 12% and we had a couple of points
 of growth on our core EPS against guidance.
 The guidance was less than that and was looking for high single-digit top line and flat core.
 So a little bit better than guidance, which is always a good way to start the year.
 But I think it was a nice change as we began 2017 was we're beginning to see balance return
 to the model.
 It's a great question, David.
 Again, that's primarily focused around the Epsilon Division.
 We're not doing any offshoring with cart services.
 You're right, we ended last year at about 1,000 associates in India.
 We're now at about 1,300, I believe.
 The target will be to continue to grow that
 within the epsilon division.
 I would not expect to see any EBITDA margin expansion right at the moment from it,
 what it does allow us to do, David, is be more price competitive on that core tech platform
 offering that we have, where they talk about we've seen some pressure coming through from
 some SaaS products in cloud-based.
 So what I'm looking for is to allow us to really grow the top line, sustain EBITDA margins,
 but not necessarily...
 necessarily be incremental to EBITDA margins until at a future date.
 On the reserve side, Darren, the reserve was 6.6% of Reservable AR at March 31.
 What I would expect is the provision bill, that reserve bill, which was 72 million in
 I think Q1 should drop probably below 50, Q2, below 50, Q3.
 Q4 is really going to come down to growth
 and whether we see any type of bulk acquisition coming through.
 So I think your question's right, based on the trends we're seeing.
 should it be lower than 6.6 at year end, I'd say based on trends now, that would be an
 an accurate assumption.
 And during the
 The only thing I'd add on the cost of the mile,
 The reason we're attacking the cost of the mile is it does not reduce the value propositions
 the collector.
 So, if we can go through and negotiate better pricing for the same product, we basically
 fill
 the hole in the last epidel without affecting the experience of the consumer, which is really
 the reason why we're attacking it in that approach.
 Well, I'll tell you what I look at most, George, is what did payroll do?
 What did the fully burdened cost of payroll do?
 and it was up less than 6% in Q1 versus 7%.
 You always have some other operating expenses
 that you're onboarding new programs,
 which is to roll out some new auto programs we have in place
 where you get some other expenses behind the scene
 ahead of it, or what you're really trying to do with the epsilon model is always make
 should the revenue growth rate is better than the payroll growth rate and we
 definitely did on the first quarter and I think that's really the trend will look to
 we continue the back after the year.
 Like we said, we had a couple of new programs
 within the auto rolling out,
 we incur quite a bit of cost up front
 before they come functional.
 And that's part of the pressure
 why you didn't see a one-for-one flow through,
 but really it's the comparison of revenue
 to payroll that's relevant to us.
 Yeah, the only thing I would add, and I think this is a very important piece, historically
 when we've had a retailer just basically go out of business, go into liquidation, the
 The loss rates in that portfolio are no different than the overall portfolio experience.
 So to Ed's point, you lose the opportunity.
 they can't go into the store and spend,
 that this card holder does not end up itself,
 I'm going to walk away from this account.
 I'm going to charge it off and run the risk of basically
 across default in different credit card.
 So our experience and the lost rates of race
 similar to what the overall portfolio experience is.
 I'd say there's none in particular.
 where we had two small retailers go on to liquidation with their very small portfolios
 in terms of any material client, there's none that are giving us any pause at this point.
 I'd say Moshe, I think that the three clients we lost last year, mid-year, definitely affected us.
 They did shift to a little bit different model than one body for them.
 That's part of what Ed talked about, how we had to shift to a little bit more of a package
 product, lower the cost, lower pricing. What you have seen us do is, as we've had renewals
 since then.
 We have come to
 a little bit on the pricing, we have to offset it by lower operating cost, primarily in peril
 with our offshore into India.
 So we'd say that base is stable, as Ed talked about before, we're expecting it to basically
 return to flat growth here would probably be as early as Q3, so we think that we've
 We've addressed resilient issues with technology platforms.
 We've not seen any further plant attrition, and we think the changes we've made have really
 for this back in place.
 Frankly, to return it to a growth offering versus where it declined over the last three quarters.
 I'd say Ramsey, it's a little bit early.
 We're just now introducing the packaged offering to the market.
 I would expect that the overdone marches to be fairly consistent with the full
 service may be down a little bit, but it's too early for us to really know what the answer
 just going to be there.
 OK.
 Q3, Q4, both will be strong.
 Obviously Q1, it was extremely good.
 I don't expect it to be quite that good for the full year, as Ed talked about, probably
 at 20, 30 basis points versus very strong start to the year.
 I'd say it's coming from pretty much all angles.
 It's the growth in the portfolio.
 Obviously, it's the influence of co-brand that we put in there over the last few years,
 which has a little bit lower op-ex.
 but it gets into the way we do collection activities
 whether we source within our own operations
 without people to work from home.
 I would say there's really no one silver bullet.
 It's a combination of different factors
 but really allowing us to drive that operating leverage.
 Sure. You're going down the right area, which is the way that serum sownies work. It's almost like a vintage.
 We're in the first year you'll sign a group and maybe they do 50 million of revenue first year 75
 second year, a hundred third year, we're definitely benefiting. At the same time, though, we are
 definitely benefiting from new clients.
 Last year we added about 33 new clients to CRM.
 This year...
 it could be an estimate as high as 50.
 So it's the combination of both the ability to leverage
 a new client for three to four years to get revenue growth. Plus, we're continuing to
 to onboard more classes, people see, companies see the value of the proposition we bring.
 You know the way you look at this, we knew that we had a little pressure early in 2016 that we played through
 through starting this year at 25-and-a-half.
 shield is consistent with the average we had last year.
 So we would tell you there could be a little positivity
 to it, based upon obviously any changes with the Fed raising rates and so forth, could
 pass a little bit through the grow shield.
 The thing that always creates noise within your growth shields is if you do find a bulk
 file and you acquire it, it puts temporary pressure. So there's a lot of moving parts,
 So we would say, state, city, state, 25 and a half feels good for the year.
 could be maybe 10, 20 basis points given further interest rate increases coming through, but
 It really goes back to mid-2015, if you remember.
 We put some changes in place that were cardholder friendly.
 We had to burn through those issues and the temporary pressure it put, and we would tell
 you at this point we're past that.
 Charles?
 So that should do it.