 Greetings, and welcome to the Yeti 3rd Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
 This time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 A question and answer session will follow
 the formal presentation.
 If anyone should require operator assistance,
 during the conference, please press star zero
 on your telephone.
 keep that. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn
 the conference.
 your host, Mr. Tom Shaw, Vice President of Investor Relations.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning and thanks for joining us
 to discuss Yeti Holdings' third quarter 2020 results.
 Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of the statements that we make today
 on this call, including those statements related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
 on our business.
 Maybe you considered forward-looking.
 and touch forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could
 cause or actual results to differ materially from the statements.
 For more information regarding these forward-looking statements, please refer to the risk and
 in certain of these details in this morning's press release, as well as the risk factors
 discussed in our form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2020, followed with the
 the FDC earlier this morning.
 We undertake no obligation to revise
 or update any forward-looking statements made today.
 as a result of new information.
 future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.
 During our call today, we'll be discussing Yeti's
 just even in certain other non-GAT measures
 to pertain to completed fiscal periods.
 Reconciliations that he's not gotten
 answers to their most directly comparable GAT measures are included in the press release
 issued this morning, as well as in the supplemental reconciliation, both of which are available
 in the Investor Relations section of the EDE website.
 We use non-GAT measures as the lead in some of our financial discussions, as we believe
 more accurately represent the true operational performance and underlying results of our business.
 Today's call will be led by Matt Reintjes, President and CEO of Yeti, and Paul Carboni,
 CFO.
 The final preparer marks will open the call for your questions.
 We're also working remotely and connecting with you from different locations today,
 So please bear with us should we experience any delays during the call and with that I'll turn the call over to Matt
 Thank you.
 Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today.
 Yeti had a great quarter highlighted by excellent performance across our four strategic growth
 both drivers.
 Our quarter was punctuated by 29% sales growth
 with balance across coolers and equipment,
 and drinkware coupled with strong sustained margin expansion.
 thanks to the incredible work of our Yeti team,
 and amazing support from our customers and partners.
 Yet he crossed $1 billion in net sales
 for the trailing 12 months.
 In the quarter, our direct-to-consumer business continues to lead the way with 62% growth.
 We drove mid-...
 single-digit wholesale growth for the period, as we continue to flex our supply chain and
 and work through replenished channel limitories.
 Importantly, sell-through in the Wholesale Channel performed in line with our overall
 top-line results leading to the aforementioned demand for channel replenishment.
 Our international business also performed very well, posting triple digit growth to
 reach a yeti high of 7% of sales showing broadening demand in Canada, Europe, the UK, and Australia.
 Gross margin expanded 670 basis points to reach a record 59.1 percent, while our adjusted
 the FGNA rate decreased to 200 basis points.
 Finally, we ended the quarter with $235 million in cash
 the balance sheet following a voluntary debt payment of $50 million.
 million dollars.
 Overall, we saw excellent demand for our products in all our channels.
 Importantly, we're continuing to invest
 in evolving our business to support our long-term growth
 Now, let's discuss our strategic growth priorities.
 We continue to deepen the connection of our brand with our customers.
 This is highlighted by our breadth and depth strategy where we extended to new customers
 across diverse pursuits, while also deepening ties within our existing active outdoor communities.
 As we have discussed, the pandemic has focused us
 on digitally relevant engagement.
 and we have further supported this trend
 with accelerated investments
 to build out our in-house content and creative teams.
 We're seeing impact of this investment
 with our ability to drive geographic growth
 and the evolving diversity of our customer base.
 When we are most effective, we tell powerful brand stories and inspire our customers, connect
 through product storytelling and extend a positive impact
 on our communities.
 Let me give you a few recent examples.
 in August, displaying the broadness of our appeal
 and audience.
 culture aficionados, high snobiety,
 published an article titled, How Yeti Beats Streetwear,
 the business of making things cool.
 While driving awareness will continue to be a priority.
 We also balance the focus on the depth of engagement with our long-standing customers
 which keeps us centered.
 From a storytelling perspective, the pandemic created a unique opportunity to launch our latest collection of Yeti Presents films.
 after the pandemic caused us to cancel our in-person Getty Film Tour in March.
 This summer, we released the eight new films through a YouTube live premiere, featuring
 V...
 introductions from our ambassadors, filmmakers, and film subjects. This event
 showcase the power and reach of the Yeti community.
 to complement YouTube, an extension of the virtual tour
 was aired in partnership with Vice Media and CBS.
 In September, we also launched a socially distanced
 drive-in film tour across eight stops,
 from LA to Montauk to Central Texas.
 creating a safe, uniquely Yeti experience for our fans.
 From the product introduction side, we partnered with our ambassadors for our caffeine and
 Cocktails campaign, where our brand partners shared their favorite drink recipes to help
 introduce our newest tumbler, the 10-ounce rambler.
 from Conrad Anker's classic coffee pour over
 to Hillary Hutchison's Huckleberry whiskey.
 The short social videos are a tremendous example
 of how we use our internal content creation ambassadors
 to showcase our product in real and engaging ways.
 Our efforts to positively impact the communities we reach often matters most when those communities face adversity.
 As we mentioned on our last call, in July, we launched our one for the roadies campaign
 in partnership with Crew Nation to benefit out of work
 touring and venue workers.
 after securing 37 music artists
 to customize 42 of our ROTY 24 coolers for our online auction.
 The program raised $135,000.
 the campaign was an incredible success
 and attracted interest from additional top tier artists
 who are eager to support future efforts.
 We've also focused on finding ways
 to ensure the wild is open.
 welcoming and accessible to all.
 We continue to support our relationships
 with both Thrive Outside and Big City Mountaineers.
 two organizations committed to driving diversity
 in the outdoors.
 We also launched a new partnership with Black Outside
 an incredible organization based out of San Antonio, Texas,
 which connects black youth to the outdoors.
 Moving to Yeti Innovation, we continue to see sustained strength across drinkware, coolers, and equipment.
 The underlying demand for Yeti was strong before the pandemic, and we are now seeing
 the strength continue through the third quarter.
 as a result of more fully open channels,
 Plus, positive trends in digital engagement.
 Outdoor pursuits, a focus on hygiene and individual use.
 and people taking near home vacations.
 These dynamics support the robust demand we are seeing across the product portfolio, and particularly both hard and soft coolers.
 In DrinkWare, we have seen a success with the performance of our bottles business where
 where we included the popular chug cap as a standard lid.
 and our expanded colster can insulator line, where we now offer broader products for hard
 of seltzers in large cans.
 while currently limited to D to C.
 We're also encouraged by the early success of our Rambler
 10-ounce tumbler, which, as mentioned earlier, was supported by our caffeine and cocktail
 digital campaign.
 color remains an important part of our innovation mix.
 Following the July launches of Northwoods Green and Drinkware, and Sagebrush Green and
 and coolers.
 We launched our third second half color, Ice Pink, in mid-September.
 Demand for this extremely popular collar extended into our breast cancer awareness
 initiatives. Throughout October we're excited to once again support boarding
 for breast cancer and casting for recovery.
 our fourth year with both of these incredible organizations.
 We also expanded our Rambler Elements metallic collection
 to the Colster and Lowball and Extended Sage Brush
 from coolers into drinkware.
 I would like to take a moment to address the voluntary recall which was announced yesterday
 in partnership with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission of the Rambler 20-Owned
 travel mug with our strong old lid.
 We launched the Travel Mug on October 1st as our newest travel-ready product.
 However, shortly after our limited initial launch on Yeti.com and in our retail stores,
 We discovered a potential safety issue with a stronghold lid and out of an abundance of
 caution, decided to pull the product from these channels and
 voluntarily begin work with the CPSC.
 To date, there have been no reports of injuries from customers.
 to put this recalling perspective.
 We sold less than 15,000 units during the nine days.
 that was available in these direct channels
 of the approximately 242,000 total produced mugs,
 mentioned in our release.
 In addition, we did not ship the product
 to our wholesale partners.
 Customer safety is our priority, which is why we took such an aggressive stance addressing
 this issue.
 We're actively...
 engaged in working on an enhanced design that will continue to meet the high standards that
 that our customers place on each and every product
 carrying the Yeti brand.
 this delay while disappointing in the near term, it's fully
 contemplated in our outlook and will continue to make us better.
 in addition to our lineup of new products launched this year.
 We are continuing to energize some of our existing categories
 as part of our marketing strategy
 to drive broadened awareness.
 This includes the Come Hell or Highwater campaign
 in early July, that showcase the versatility and performance
 of our pang of fully submersible facts.
 More recently, our built-for-generations Yeti V-Series films
 launched digitally on Yeti Social.
 are centered around our innovative, premium stainless steel cooler, which is designed
 to be passed down through the generations.
 Expect continued targeted product storytelling
 through the holidays with our holiday gift guides
 and upcoming Yeti dispatch.
 Magalog, which will begin to drop mid-November.
 We also remain laser focused on working towards rebuilding in-stock levels.
 as a reminder to protect our balance sheet in late Q1.
 We initially reduced purchase orders
 at the start of the p-
 pandemic, and as demand recovered, we have worked to flex our supplier capacity to meet
 writhing demand.
 with demand accelerating in the third quarter.
 coupled with some pandemic-driven supply.
 disruptions through the summer and early fall production.
 We expect inventory will remain tight through the holidays.
 we have taken additional action to mitigate risk
 increase visibility of our supply chain during the holidays, but do expect our overall restocking
 initiatives.
 will extend into early 2021.
 as we look at the balance of the year,
 We remain focused on driving deeper engagement
 across the eddy portfolio and executing in stocks across all
 channels.
 at our omni-channel efforts.
 Some of our dynamics are clearly accelerating the digital shift and building upon the activities
 we've been driving for the past five years, along with the heightened focus of our brand
 team and delivering amazing, highly relevant digital content, we're taking additional
 action to drive greater consumer acquisition and conversion through
 through investments in incremental consumer insights and behavior work, and enhanced
 product customization experience.
 new digital tools and talent additions to our team.
 This is work that will evolve
 as we match the speed of our customers' purchasing habits
 and the rapidly evolving consumer expectations.
 The biggest proof point of our success here is our direct-to-consumer business, which
 which grew 62% and reached 51% of total sales this period and year-to-date.
 Our strong 3rd quarter DDC performance was led by Yeti.com due to excellent traffic and
 conversion on the site.
 We continue to see a great mix of new versus existing customers.
 have maintained great engagement as a result of our targeted and relevant
 content.
 rounding out our online presence.
 the Amazon marketplace continued to post solid growth
 through the quarter.
 On the corporate sales side, revenues turn slightly positive for the quarter as healthy
 Every demand was limited by inventory availability.
 increased capacity and delivery for custom is our focus.
 as we ramp through the holiday season.
 In Yeti Retail, we added our 8th location in West Palm Beach in August.
 We continue...
 you prioritizing operational excellence in all our stores, while also monitoring the
 the real estate environment for opportunity
 as we evaluate store expansion potential for 2021.
 Turning to wholesale, demand and channel sell-through remained robust.
 were able to support demand with in-store inventory.
 However, they did in the quarter
 with inventory down double digits compared to the prior year.
 We have opportunity to drive stronger in stocks, particularly in high-demand areas such as
 hard coolers and soft coolers, which had significant sell-through during the quarter.
 It's a wholesale business of all.
 We're working to support the expanded omni capabilities
 of our wholesale partners.
 through their own e-commerce, curbside, and in-store,
 which combined are expected to be an important part
 of this holiday season.
 We have very strong performance in our international business quarter with international wholesale
 more than doubling while our international e-commerce quadrupled in size.
 Steal off a low base, but showing great potential.
 Overall, international grew 165% to reach 7% of sales.
 the highest mix yet he has registered today.
 the biggest factor in the growth was the reopening of our Canadian wholesale,
 which delivers significant year-to-year growth this quarter.
 importantly, the D to C side of the Canadian business,
 including both e-commerce and corporate sales.
 also registered exponential growth during the period.
 While Canada still drives the majority of our current international business, we continue
 be highly encouraged with demand we see in other markets. Australia showed more
 for that three-fold increase in both the wholesale
 and e-commerce businesses,
 due to the extraordinary performance and execution
 of our Australian team.
 As we hit the one-year mark in our UK and Europe expansion, we're seeing this business
 build larger each quarter and we continue to see a meaningful opportunity to drive performance
 as retail reopens.
 We remain highly focused on building the brand internationally in a thoughtful manner
 while developing the infrastructure to support smart,
 sustainable growth.
 Outside of our strategic priorities, we were excited to announce earlier this week the
 the next step in our board evolution.
 as our Board of Directors appointed Allison Dean
 former CFO of iRobot as an independent director and a member of our audit committee.
 Allison brings over 30 years of financial leadership experience, including 15 years
 with iRobot and seven years as a company CFO before stepping down earlier in 2020.
 Allison's edition corresponds to the resignation of Mike Najar, who returns to his role managing
 core tech.
 Additionally, our chair and Cortech co-president Dave Schnottick has informed the board that
 and tends to step down as chair of the board and the nominating and corporate
 Governance Committee effective at the 2021 annual meeting of shareholders.
 Dave has indicated that he would be willing to stand for reelection to the board, if so
 nominated in May.
 We appreciate the many contributions Dave and Mike have made to Yeti through the years.
 With these moves, one of our nine current board members is affiliated with our original
 private equity sponsor.
 Seven are now independent directors and one-third are women.
 We are proud to continue adding diverse thought and incredible experience to our board as
 as we further build out the long-term opportunity
 for the brand.
 And I pass the call over to Paul.
 I would again like to reiterate how thrilled we are
 with a holistic performance during the third quarter.
 And I would like to thank our Yeti team
 for their exemplary efforts and ability to adapt
 and thrives so well.
 against a very challenging backdrop to our customers
 and partners who have continued to show their confidence
 in our products and our brand.
 Thank you.
 While challenges remain pervasive in the headlines, we are fully focused on our people
 and what we do best.
 driving passion for the Yeti brand
 and delivering innovative product.
 We look forward to building upon the strength of our 2020 to date performance with strong execution through the holiday season and Q4
 Well
 Thanks Matt, and good morning everyone.
 I'll begin with a review of our third quarter results, followed by some high level thoughts
 as we look at the business during the holiday period.
 We'll then open up the call for your questions.
 Starting with the third corner.
 net sales increased 29% to $294.6 million compared to $229.1 million in the prior year
 period.
 our highest growth rate is a public company.
 The momentum that built throughout the second quarter
 accelerated into the third, given what we believe is a sustainable shift in consumer
 behavior towards outdoor leisure activities and related products.
 This trend was highlighted by balanced growth
 across our product categories
 and continue DT.
 ETC momentum, even as our wholesale channel returns to growth and experienced either even
 stronger felt through during the quarter
 Looking at our channels,
 Director-Consumer net sales grew 62% to $150.4 million.
 compared to 92.9 million in the same period last year,
 driven by strength in both coolers and equipment
 and drinkware.
 Within DTC, the Yeti.com business continued to lead the way.
 The Amazon Marketplace posted strong growth and corporate sales increased slightly for
 of a period.
 Overall, DTC reached 51% of next sales for the period,
 compared to 41% in last year's period.
 Period.
 Hold still.
 net sales increased 6% to $144.2 million compared to $136.2 million last year.
 Some gains in drinkware helped offset declines in cooler and equipment, which were a lot
 largely driven by inventory constraints.
 channel.
 So it was up double digits for the quarter.
 channel inventories exited the quarter down double digits on a year-over-year basis.
 By category, DrinkWare returned to strong growth during the quarter, with net sales increasing
 31% to $165.9 million compared to $126.4 million last year.
 You're very pleased with the continued strength
 of our original drinkware skews,
 even as we introduce new products to address additional use cases for our customers.
 customers.
 Our expanded colster lineup and updated bottle styles with chug caps remained big winners
 this year. And we are also excited to see the early receptivity of our 10-ounce rambler
 during the period.
 Coolers and equipment net sales increased 27% to 124.2 million compared to 97.8 million
 during the same period last year.
 Our overall coolers business remains vibrant, led by our new ROTY-24 in the Tundra Hall
 in hard coolers.
 and our flip and backflip lines and soft coolers.
 We also saw strong results in our outdoor living category, led by our trailhead camp
 chair, which we believe supports the broader opportunity of the brand as we develop and
 and expand deeper into new categories.
 Gross profit increased 45% to 174 million or 59.1% of net sales compared to 120.1 million
 or 52.4% of net sales during the same period last year.
 The 670 basis point year-over-year expansion was driven by the following favorable impacts.
 290 basis points from Channel Mix, 110 basis points from Product Cost Improvement, 90 basis
 points from lower tariffs, 70 basis points from lower inbound freight, 70 basis points
 from higher inventory reserves in the prior period
 and lower warranty expenses in the current period.
 And lastly, 40 basis points from all other impacts.
 Adjusted SG&A expenses for the third quarter increased by 22% to 101.6 million, a 34.5%
 of net sales as compared to 83.5 million or 36.4 percent of net sales in the same period
 last year.
 Variable SG&A expenses deleveraged 150 basis points, driven by the significant shift in
 channel mix towards a faster-growing DTC channel, primarily with higher outbound freight.
 variable SG&A expenses leveraged 350 basis points driven by the overall strength of the
 the company's top line results.
 We continue to invest prudently to grow our business with higher year-over-year spending
 across most key expense categories, including marketing,
 while we also resumed hiring more broadly
 across the organization.
 Adjusted operating income increased 98% to 72.4 million, or 24.6% of net sales compared
 to 36.6 million or 16% of net sales during the same period
 last year.
 Our effective tax rate was 24.4 percent during the quarter, compared to 24.9 percent in last
 is third quarter.
 adjusted net income more than doubled to $53.5 million, or $0.61 per diluted share, compared
 to $23.2 million or $0.27 per diluted share during the prior year period.
 adjusted EBITDA increased 84% to 80.2 million
 million, or 27.2 percent of net sales, compared to 43.7 million, or 19.1 percent of net sales
 in the same quarter last year.
 Now, turning to our balance sheet.
 As of September 26, 2020, we had cash of $234.8 million compared to $34.6 million in the
 a year ago, period.
 A strong cash balance in part reflects our lower inventory position.
 As we ended the quarter with $134.6 million in inventory compared to $209.2 million during
 the same quarter last year.
 Inventory decline 36% year over year.
 reflecting both the comparison to a 33% growth
 in the year ago period, as well as ongoing efforts to match supply with the above forecasted
 demand we have seen across the business.
 Going forward, our focus remains on flexing our supply chain to not only match the strong
 demand we have seen for the brand, but also rebuild more consistent in stock levels across
 our channels.
 As such, we expect to be in a constrained inventory position across certain products as we work
 through the fourth quarter.
 Total debt excluding unamortized deferred financing fees and finance leases was $238.8 million compared to $298 million in last year's third quarter.
 During the quarter, we made principal payments of $53.8 million, inclusive of a $50 million
 voluntary prepayment. And with a strong cash position for the quarter, the ratio of total
 net debt to adjusted EBITDA for the trailing 12 months was essentially zero times compared
 to 1.6 times in the prior year quarter.
 Overall, we couldn't be prouder of how our business and our team has responded since
 at the beginning of the pandemic.
 Nonetheless, we know there is more work to be done
 to navigate the ongoing uncertainties
 of the current environment to execute
 on our holiday plan.
 and ultimately to continue our momentum into 2021.
 given the incredible performance of our third quarter.
 Let me give you some high-level thoughts into how we see the balance of the year playing out
 So we expect fourth quarter net sales to increase between 15 and 16 percent year over year.
 top of the strong 24% growth rate in last year's fourth quarter.
 As a reminder, the fourth quarter includes the impact of an extra week, which extends
 the fiscal period to January 2, 2021 and is expected to benefit revenues by approximately
 $7 million.
 with our strong outperformance in the third quarter contributing to lean inventories across our channels.
 We expect demand for the Yeti brand will continue to exceed available supply during the fourth quarter.
 As we focus on rebuilding our inventory position, we are also actively and aggressively managing
 all aspects of our supply chain to navigate real and potential disruptions from supply
 a capacity to holiday logistics.
 We expect our ongoing work here will provide opportunities for growth as we continue to
 to restock the channel into early 2021.
 Turning to the bottom line.
 Gap earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter are expected to be between $0.55 and
 fifty-eight cents compared to five cents in the year ago period.
 We expect adjusted earnings per diluted share to be between $0.57 and $0.60, reflecting
 a 31 to 38 percent year-over-year growth.
 Before turning the call over for Q&A, I want to reinforce three themes we are seeing in
 the business. First, we are seeing incredible demand for the Yeti brand with growth evenly
 balance between our two main product categories and supported by our omnichannel evolution.
 Second, we are focused on delivering profitable growth highlighted by record-gross margins
 and disciplined SG&A management.
 Lastly, we continue to build more financial flexibility
 to support strategic opportunities
 and drive future shareholder value.
 We believe these themes are the hallmarks of a strong enduring brand and position the company
 incredibly well as we look to achieve our long-term goals.
 We would now like to open the call for questions.
 Operator.
 Thank you.
 At this time we'll be conducting
 a question and answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone
 keypad. A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. You may
 press star two if you would like to remove your question from the queue. For participants using
 speak your equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the
 a star key. One moment please while we poll for questions.
 Your first question comes from a line of Peter Benedict with Baird.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Oh, hey guys. Good morning. Thanks for the questions. Um, uh, first, first just on the
 on the inventory. Paul, I don't know if you can give us maybe a better sense of where you
 I hope to have this sitting at your end.
 And then assuming that the man pace remains, I guess, similar,
 when would the man be able to do that?
 And you realistically expect to be back kind of in the stock at levels that would allow
 you kind of grow with self-drew. Is that something that you think you could get
 early in 21 or if this demand level continues well you're going to be
 chasing for quite some time.
 That's my first question, Matt, one follow.
 Great, thanks, Peter, and good morning.
 So we expect to end the year still down on inventory, but we'll make sequential improvement
 from where we are in the third quarter.
 So while down year over year, we do expect to the percentage
 to lessen on a decreased year over year.
 And then as we look into 2021, you know,
 it's probably the first half of the year
 where we continue to ramp up our inventory.
 And it's really, it's all about demand
 And what we're seeing today is demand is very, very strong,
 and we hope that continues.
 But we think as we go through 2021,
 we'll get to a more normalized level.
 Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess related to that, just Matt, maybe talk about the innovation
 cadence in the business. And I know you guys adjusted some of the new product introductions
 is this year just in response to COVID and whatnot.
 So now we've got the supply constraint.
 a dynamic out there.
 So maybe this, how is your planning evolved for 2021
 21 in terms of what maybe you were thinking a year ago you would introduce versus what
 Now you think the cadence will look like.
 Peter, thanks for the morning.
 I would say our planning in Roadmap for 2021 as it relates to the product has not changed
 significantly. So the changes we made in 2020 early in the year when we didn't have a great
 visibility on the back half of the year, and as we've previously communicated, shifted
 some things to the front half of 2021. We don't expect those to get caught up in the
 inventory rebuild and the kind of capacity that we're putting on or the pressure we're putting
 on our suppliers for capacity.
 So we expect that that shouldn't have a substantial impact
 on our product roadmap and the introduction of products
 next year, it's really, as Paul indicated,
 It's really rebuilding the current product portfolio
 or a current inventory backup.
 So I feel like I'm good about the innovation cadence being
 and tapped in the plan for innovation in 2021.
 and parallel will be rebuilding and ramping up
 our supply capacity for our existing product portfolio.
 Okay.
 That's helpful.
 If I can think one more and then I'll turn it over, I apologize.
 just with respect to the recall. I'm not sure how much you can say about it, but
 just curious what's different about that mag slider on the travel mung versus the others and you got you have mag
 sliders on a lot of different products.
 So if you're at liberty to say and then you said, you know,
 Any impact is in your fourth core plan, Paul,
 There's you could pull the more specific by what you think the impact is going to be. Thank you.
 Yeah, Peter, I'll take the front of that.
 the, you know, we did a voluntary recall in an abundance of caution and didn't have any,
 we had a report of dislodging of our magnetic lid.
 And so we quickly moved, you know, nine days into the launch of this product through our
 our own direct channels and took a decisive action quickly
 to make sure we fully understood and fully wrapped this.
 The difference between the two products is in the legacy
 product, there's one magnet on the top and on the new one there's a magnet on the bottom
 on the magnet on the top.
 And that's what can happen.
 they can dislodge from each other.
 So, you know, we put incredible importance
 on consumer safety, and when we saw this report of it,
 we had an opportunity to quickly wrap it
 and get it off the market and put our team back to work on.
 making sure that we had the product out in the market
 we thought was deserving of the Eddie Brand.
 And then, Peter, on the sales impact, well, I won't share kind of what our plan was.
 And as you can imagine, there are a lot of puts and takes there as we introduce a new
 products, how does that impact current products?
 So when we pulled the travel mug,
 You know, the perceived cannibalization of other products goes away.
 So, as we said, it's fully contemplated in the top line guidance that we gave in the
 15 to 16 percent and, you know, are excited too as the team is reworking that lid and,
 you know, looking forward.
 Okay, turn it off. Thanks. Thanks guys
 Thank you very much.
 And I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.
 Your next question comes from the line of Camillo Lyon with BTIG.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Thank you. Good morning guys and a great job on the quarter. I wanted to drill
 them a little bit more on the inventory, how much you're making, because I think you have
 and inventory constraints also during the middle of the quarter and obviously continued
 here in the fourth quarter, maybe if you can help us understand what categories you're
 feeling, particularly light on and how you're thinking about, you know, is there a favoring
 of a channel that you prefer to supply over one or the other, so are you going to feed
 your DTC first when supply comes back or is coming through.
 And also, are you seeing,
 Where in this supply chain are you seeing the disruptions?
 Is it on the production side?
 Is it shipping times?
 at the ports. I'm just curious to understand where the bottlenecks exist and where we could
 you can see some alleviation of that inventory flow.
 Sure, so let me start with the kind of how we got here or kind of just, you know, kind
 going back a few months.
 So if you remember, back at the end of first quarter,
 And this is where do we see the bottlenecks?
 because there really aren't true bottlenecks
 in the normal sense.
 But, if we go back to the first chord,
 the end of the first quarter.
 last two weeks of the first quarter,
 first two weeks of the second quarter, we cut back forward POs.
 as we were seeing those demand signals.
 We had some supply chain disruption there, but it was really us cutting back, looking
 at the current demand signals at that point.
 And then demand started to in the back half of the second quarter started to take off
 and we began placing forward orders, and then as we came into Q3, so it's really about a
 a lot of this impact is, you know, kind of going back to the end of first quarter, beginning
 a second quarter where we weren't producing at a capacity or we weren't producing at the
 a level to support the 29% in Q3.
 And you know, back then I never would have expected
 to drive 29% top line growth in the third quarter.
 It is real.
 We have all our factories working full capacity in producing.
 So it's not a bottleneck in the sense of ports and things
 of that nature.
 Not being said, you know, and you've seen it in the headlines, the port coming into
 into the U.S. on the West Coast, and then certainly just logistics in getting the goods
 to our DCs, but it really is about kind of the progression
 of rebuilding the inventory.
 From an allocation, you know, here's how we think about it, is we want to meet consumer
 demand across channels. And if we think about our wholesale channel, right, so our sell-in
 was plus 6% and we talked about wholesale demand being close to what our top line was
 in line with what our top line was as a company.
 So we knew we had inventory in the channel so we used that inventory to satisfy demand
 And then we use the inventory we had to satisfy our DTC.
 So we're constantly looking at satisfying consumer demand.
 And that's kind of how we allocate the inventory.
 and we continue to do that into the fourth quarter.
 out it. Okay, great. Um, and
 And then just on the categories, is there a specific under-inventory position that's
 more, that's more grave, maybe that's too strong a word, but that's that's that's of greater
 focus, fuller sources, shrink wear, or is it equally balanced in terms of where you'd
 like to be?
 Yeah, good question.
 I'm going to come at it from the other angle of we had the benefit of all last year building
 up my drinkware inventory.
 So, even as I came into the first quarter, second quarter, and I did the same thing
 the air, I cut full repeals, but I had a lot of drinkware inventory in my DC, so as demand
 came back, I was able to, you know, put forward POs in. So I had the benefit of having a lot
 of drinkware inventory, which, again, as we talked about,
 was a tariff mitigation and turned into a coronavirus
 mitigation.
 So, I benefited from that piece.
 Got it. That's clear. Thank you.
 So, and then maybe Matt, as you think about this,
 you know, the balance of the excess demand or the demand
 that serving supply with maintaining the brand heat
 you're clearly benefiting from, are you at all seeing anything on the competitive landscape
 where a customer is leaving the brand
 just to fulfill some sort of purchase need, and how are you trying to mitigate that potential
 a loss sailor, that loss customer that may be organically coming to you, but not seen
 that demand fulfilled.
 You know if we've seen through time and through different points in Yeti's history when we get into supply constrained
 environments or where demand is outstripping supply is that we don't
 tend to see a lot of leakage of the customer.
 And part of it is because we focus a lot
 on making sure we're continuing to drive engagement.
 and even if it's engagement in between purchases
 or its engagement while someone's waiting
 for something to come back and stock,
 or we present alternative products.
 So I think it's our,
 one of the benefits of our in-house,
 internal creative and content team combined with our e-commerce team is that we're able
 to identify more smartly where consumers are and where they are in the shopping journey
 and what we can put in front of them as an alternative.
 So we tend to see, we tend not to see that leakage.
 And as a reminder, this business pre-Mid-March
 and pre-the pandemic shutdown here in the U.S.
 was growing 20-plus percent.
 We just grew 29% in the third quarter.
 We've provided some outlook on the fourth quarter,
 to expect the backup of the year to return to that 20% growth.
 This is a business that was driving performance
 and consumer demand as we went through that time.
 and we'll continue to do it right now
 and we'll work hard to make sure we keep consumers engaged
 while we get our in-stocks back at the level,
 both in wholesale and our own DTC channels
 in the way we want it.
 Fantastic. Good luck in all day, Susan. Thanks, guys.
 Thanks, Ginoff.
 Your next question comes from a line of Alexandra Waldis with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
 Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question here. My first question is on e-commerce,
 e-commerce, of course, growing very, very strongly. So in the quarter, you mentioned
 that you saw growth across channels. Could you talk about the discrepancy in growth that
 you're seeing, between Yeti.com and Amazon Marketplace, you know, what's the mix of the
 you promise business today between those channels and how would you expect that to trend going
 forward?
 Hey, Alex.
 Hey, Alex. Good morning.
 So, Yeti.com, and I may have said this in my prepared remarks, Yeti.com definitely led
 the way.
 If I think about the DTC business,
 Yeti.com was the leader.
 then Amazon and then corporate sales and I'm leaving retail out just because of the year
 over year comparison with new stores doesn't make the percent growth relevant.
 So Yeti.com is still the strongest.
 You know, we like what we're seeing across those channels and are really happy with the
 engagement.
 with Yeti.com. You know, the Amazon Marketplace is an important business for us. We saw, you
 And this is going back to the end of, in this Q1 slight,
 You know, disruption as people are really focused on more essential, but that has come
 back nicely and is growing very, very well. But clearly the standout was Yeti.com.
 great many plans so you know which which of those you're prioritizing as you as
 as you move forward in the coming quarters and years.
 So prioritizing, and you can come back at me,
 and I'm going to step away from prioritizing inventory,
 But really, if you think about the coming years,
 We really like the Yeti.com business.
 It's the fullest expression of our business.
 It's where we get the most information from a customer
 and being able to interact with the customer.
 So, you know, if we could wave, if I could wave a magic wand,
 I'd have everyone go to Yeti.com.
 That being said, the Amazon Marketplace is really important if people choose for now
 $119 a year if they're a prime member and they go to buy, you know, something and they
 They want to put a Rambler 20 in their cart.
 We want to be where the customer wants to shop.
 So that's kind of how we think long-term is.
 And that goes as far as wholesale, too.
 Being where the customer wants to access the brand
 is the most important thing to us.
 I appreciate you sharing your thoughts on that.
 Maybe one more from me.
 I wonder if you could update us on the business with Lowe's, how many boards you're in now,
 how that's trending and what the next step in what the
 Thank you for watching, PSF.
 Yeah, Alex, Matt, I'll take that one.
 Thanks, thanks for the question and good morning.
 You know, we continue to really enjoy the relationship
 that we built with Lowe's in the partnership.
 and that's as important to us as we think about
 what a methodical pace roll-out looks like.
 We said that from the very beginning that the rationale for why we add additional wholesale
 is that they bring a relatively new consumer, a new buying occasion, or they augment support
 with the rest of our existing wholesale,
 And I think Lowe's has continued to do that and been a good partner as we have evolved
 and learn together.
 You know, this year, um, we're incredibly pleased with our partnership.
 We made some decisions as the year
 year, uh, based on to moderate our rollout, considering the environment and considering
 our inventory constraints and it gave us an opportunity to really focus on the execution
 and performance.
 Cool.
 But what we really like is we continue
 to see the incrementality of that relationship.
 and we look at it as a piece in the puzzle
 of our overall wholesale and our overall wholesale
 was a piece in the puzzle of our overall omnichannel.
 So we're pleased with how that's performing.
 as we said in the prepare remarks and we've reiterated here, we're pleased with the overall
 performance in our wholesale and our job now is to thoughtfully rebuild the
 channel inventory so that we continue to address more and more of the consumer demand.
 Fantastic. Thanks so much and all the best. Thanks Alex.
 Your next question comes from a line of Randy Koenig with Jeffries.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Yeah, good morning, everybody.
 You know, clearly the strong revenue numbers, the growth of revenue is indicative of, you
 you know, acceleration of new customer growth and existing customers, you know, buying more.
 I remember I recall a number of quarters ago, you guys were starting to track the purchase
 behavior or kind of track customers on what they're doing.
 So is there any kind of color you can give us
 when you analyze the DTC business
 of what proportion of the revenues
 that are coming from new brand new customers
 versus existing customers right now.
 Randy, good morning.
 What I would say is, we haven't,
 As you pointed out, we haven't shared the specific numbers.
 It is something that we continue to get smarter
 and have better insights too.
 You know, I made a comment a little bit earlier that, you know, we're focused on understanding
 those customer cohorts and how they perform and how they perform differently and as our
 product portfolio expands, what that sequencing of purchases and what that
 that recurrence of purchase looks like.
 What I can say is interestingly through this year to date,
 as we have seen elevated demand
 and has channel shifts have occurred
 during different points of shutdown and wholesale
 is our new to Yeti.com versus existing or repeat purchase
 on Yeti.com, has all lifted.
 And that ratio between the two hasn't shifted materially.
 And so, we really like the new customer acquisition that we're seeing and the percent of new
 customers we're seeing and along with that we like the returning customer and the repeat
 purchase rate. And what we're really focused on is, you know, what is their
 behavior after that first purchase within those first 30 days,
 and then those first 90 days and within that first first year.
 And so those are all metrics we're paying a lot of attention to.
 And then below that, what is that?
 What does that basket of expansion look like?
 So while we aren't reporting the numbers,
 It is something we're paying a lot of attention to,
 if it's something we're taking action on,
 And it's something we like the trend that we're seeing.
 And it's a big area of investment for the business in 2020,
 that will continue to be a big area of investment in 2021 as we drive deeper consumer insights
 and behavior understandings to really target those distinct audiences.
 That's great.
 And last question, you mentioned, I believe,
 The international penetration is at 7% in total.
 I believe it was only 4%, only a few quarters ago.
 So can you give us some extra depth of color
 on what you think is happening in terms of rising awareness
 awareness or what would have you just trying to get a sense of the acceleration you're
 because it seems like that business is now starting to kind of really come into its own
 that geography, if you will, the international, and just want to get some color on what you
 I think is starting next.
 really continue to accelerate that business going.
 that part of the sales geography going forward.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, we're super excited about the opportunity internationally.
 we have been, but what we're excited about now is our enthusiasm is being matched by
 the activity and results. And I say that fully knowing that wholesale or retail in Europe
 the UK and Australia and Canada until Q3 was was really disrupted by the pandemic and I would say
 They disrupted, in some cases, even more than the US wholesale market.
 So what we saw in the quarter was a really strong recovery
 in our international business, and it came back,
 it came back alive
 What we liked was we saw strong performance out of our wholesale led by the Canadian wholesale, which is a market that we've been
 been actively and directly with Yeti employees operating in since 2017, but balanced with
 that wholesale is strong e-commerce performance, and I think that is indicative of the rising
 awareness of the brand. You know, I think that things like social media, the content
 we create. That type of information has been more and more democratized globally. And so
 So the awareness of our brand and the awareness of our products, in many cases in some of
 markets we internationally leads our official entry or leads the distribution we have in
 those markets because social media is such a globally
 democratized and available.
 So we continue to focus on, we see the demand signals, we believe the brand is bigger than
 the revenue, our focus continues to be on building our brand in the right way, so we're
 We're not rushing out just to taste short-term placement or short-term growth.
 we really want the sustainable growth.
 and we're seeing that in Canada and Australia
 particular where we've been operating for three full years and we're seeing the
 early signs of it in the U.K. and Europe, and what we like about the U.K. and Europe
 in the early days is even with the disruption
 through the summer in the wholesale channel
 that e-commerce continues to be a strong opportunity.
 So I think you'd look for us to go into 2021
 with a heavy focus around international,
 They've focused around brand building and driving,
 ultimately the question you asked, which is driving the awareness, which we think ultimately
 drive the consideration and the purchase.
 Very helpful. Thanks guys
 Thanks, buddy
 The next question comes from the line of Sharon Zaxia with William Blair.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hi, good morning.
 So, question on the operating margin.
 You've obviously had a couple of quarters in a row
 where operating margin has started with the two.
 and it looks like the imputation
 is that that will continue in the fourth quarter
 and it looks like for the full year.
 I guess I'd be interested, Paul, in how 2020 has changed any of your thoughts about the
 long-term sustainable margin of the company, and also if there are any areas where you feel like
 like you're over earning this year
 because you pull back on marketing or travel
 other dynamics and you could kind of dimensionalize those for us.
 Yeah. Good morning, Sharon. So, the performance and the operating margin expansion and the
 performance has been fantastic. So as I think about that, and then thinking about going
 for it, obviously that's driven by the significant increase in direct to consumer and the shift
 that we've seen both in the second quarter
 and the third quarter,
 but even if we go back to the first quarter,
 in the whole algorithm of the company
 of DTC growing faster than wholesale.
 So a lot of that margin expansion is driven
 by gross margin expansion.
 as we look to the future.
 A couple of thoughts.
 The first...
 First is, we expect gross margin with mixed shift and cost improvements to continue to
 to expand.
 I don't expect it to expand to the level.
 it did this year because of the significant outperformance of DTC and then as you know
 just the law of large numbers,
 as my DTC becomes a bigger percent of the business
 every incremental 1% mix gives me less on the mix.
 But we do believe gross margin will continue
 to benefit from.
 makeshift cost improvement
 uh... and then i will take
 we talk very often
 internally about
 Where do we want to, are there things we want to invest at the course margin level?
 other things we want to invest in the product and I think you saw that and we've talked
 about this when we put the chug cap on the bottle and didn't change the price.
 So we delivered value to the consumer and held for the price, and we used some of that
 gross margin expansion to fund that.
 a over earning in the business, I think the most obvious one and you called it out as
 T&E right so we're still working remotely and not traveling so certainly
 T&E is down. You know, we continue and even though we saw significant leverage on non-variable
 expenses, you know, we continue to invest in absolute dollars.
 We continue to spend more in marketing.
 We've resumed hiring, so we continue to bring great talent into the business and things
 of that nature.
 So, the expense leverage is really about kind of the top line growth, but other than P&E,
 We are running the business and investing in the business for the future so I don't
 I feel like we're over-earning to use your word based on, you know, cutting back on expenses.
 Thanks. That's very helpful.
 Your next question comes from line of Robby Ohms with Bank of America Securities.
 proceed with your question. Oh, thanks guys. You know, great quarter. Actually, just two
 One quick question.
 mentioned, you know, sort of some new drivers of growth to the brand outdoor, you
 on your home vacations, things like that,
 near the beginning of the call.
 I guess, Matt, is there any, you know,
 when you get beyond the inventory constraints
 you look out, you know, the next year or two. Are you looking at, are there some new wholesale
 type customers that you guys are thinking about now because of these new drivers of
 a man for the brand that you maybe weren't thinking about a year ago.
 Robby, I would answer that in a couple of different ways.
 be the drivers that have become kind of the headlines
 through the summer and some of the drivers we mentioned.
 I would say for our brand have been dynamic
 that we've been experiencing for the last handful of years,
 That movement towards being active, outdoors, adventure
 base vacations, car camping, all those dynamics.
 We think what's happened in the summer is it's accelerated
 the exposure of the trend that we were seeing.
 And obviously our business was benefiting
 from strong growth pre pandemic
 and as those trends get highlighted
 and people try those things,
 we're right in that slipstream to continue
 to sustain that momentum, you know, if it were different
 We were zero growth and realized growth because of a trend.
 it would be a different dynamic, and that's just not,
 that's not the situation we're in.
 I couple that with, because we think we were well positioned
 pre-pandemic and pre-ease trends being highlighted, we believe we've got really good representation
 from a wholesale perspective domestically, and we think that between the Amazon marketplace
 in Yeti.com. We've got good representation. That said, as we've said in the past, we constantly
 monitor the wholesale market. We look for everything from independent
 partners who help us identify a certain region or a certain customer group that we may not
 be accessing all the way up to larger national, but as you know, having followed us for a
 a while. We're really thoughtful when we bring on a big partner. We were thoughtful when
 we added lows to the suite of whole subpartners we have.
 So we feel good where we are today,
 but we also pay attention to the market.
 I think internationally is a different situation
 because that's a little more green-filled for us
 when it comes to wholesale exposure.
 And so far, we've been following a similar playbook
 to the U.S., which is building strong, relevant, independent relationships and identifying regional
 players or in some cases national players that we think will represent the brand and
 in the business well.
 that that's helpful and then paul just quickly shipping surcharges anything
 Any impact to you guys you see, you know, for the fourth quarter or next year?
 So, from a dollar perspective, we are seeing, you know, the surchargers that UPS has announced
 all contemplated in the fourth quarter outlook.
 And Robbie, what I would say is, well, we're really focused on and not to play down the
 and dollar piece of it.
 It's really the capacity and making sure, you know, that we secure and we work with UPS.
 And I think our guys probably talk to them, if not every day, three times a week.
 we've secured our capacity for the fourth quarter.
 And that's really our biggest focus.
 and again, not to downplay the dollars,
 but making sure they're coming to pick up the trailers
 is absolutely critical.
 We have a very good relationship with them,
 and our ops team is very focused on that.
 Terrific.
 Thanks so much.
 Thanks, Robbie.
 Your next question comes from a line of Peter Keith with Typer Sandler.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. I wanted to follow up on a prior question. I think from
 from Camelot, just regarding the inventory data stocks
 at wholesale.
 So it seems like kind of a good news.
 that you situation.
 remarkably strong sell-through, but inventory constrained,
 And now you're going to the holiday season.
 It seems like there could be some risk where your wholesale partners might bring in some
 alternative competitors to fill in some of those cooler
 out of stocks. What actions can you take in order to prevent that type of activity and
 We see that as any risk in the coming months.
 Peter, I would say a couple things to that.
 We have great wholesale partnerships and have very open dialogues as we've gone through
 this and as we've seen challenges to the supply of disruption you know one of
 things that we've worked very closely
 with our whole sub-partners is how do we fill in
 either with other Yeti products, or make sure that we're represented as well as we can as
 we've rebuilt that space.
 And one of the conversations we have is, as we rebuild that inventory, we want to make
 sure that we have the right space to merchandise the products the right way in the way that
 that we did pre-pandemic in the way we would expect
 of all of our wholesome partners at any point,
 but as we rebuild that inventory.
 So I would say the conversations have been great.
 we're in full alignment with our partners.
 So we don't see risk from something changing
 because of this moment in time.
 We also don't see risk as far as I mentioned earlier
 on the call, demand leakage.
 You know, we want to continue to drive demand for our product.
 We continue to bring innovation to market.
 We've started previewing our spring products
 with our wholesale partners
 and there's a lot of excitement
 about what we continue to do with the brand
 and what we continue to do from an innovation perspective.
 Okay, thanks, Matt.
 Maybe I'll ask the next question to Paul just around the structure of the guidance.
 So with the 15% to 16% growth, it does imply notable acceleration from Q3 and we know there's
 It's a lot of uncertainty in the economic environment.
 But is there anything identifiable
 that you can see that would cause that slowdown.
 And then maybe on a related note,
 that the EPS growth guidance of 31 to 38
 It's certainly above normal for sort of your normal mid-teens revenue growth.
 So what are the the margin characteristics that's driving that above average EPS growth?
 So, a couple of things on the top line, and as we think about this, if you step back to
 the end of second quarter, where we said the back half of the year would be 14 to between
 10 and 15%. And now the back half of the year is going to be, you know, on if you look at
 what we've talked about for the fourth quarter.
 call it 20%.
 so if we look from where we were three months ago
 you know, the business has certainly performed
 And it's really about a very strong Q3.
 So the deceleration, I think about it a little bit differently
 of the back half of the year from where I thought about it
 three months ago is actually stronger
 than what I was thinking three months ago.
 You know, as we think about the fourth quarter in particular, you know, a couple of things
 The first is, you know, we're up against the strongest comparison from last year to
 plus 23 in last year's fourth quarter.
 you know we talked about the inventory constraints
 So, that's what kind of shaped our thinking on the current outlook, but again, as I think
 of
 with the back half of the year.
 strongly outperforming what we thought the back after the year was going to be just three
 months ago.
 an EPS perspective or a margin, it's going to be, and I'm happy to say it, much of the
 same.
 expanding gross margins. Now we're rolling over and fourth quarter always is our biggest
 the DTC quarter every year.
 So, you know, the hurdle certainly gets higher.
 But if I think about gross margins,
 I'm going to expect some gross margin.
 I'm gonna expect gross margin expansion
 from the Channel Mix Chef, costing improvements,
 and then tariff tailwind.
 And then if I think about SGNA, kind of come down the P&L,
 It's going to be a similar story overall of de-leveraging on the variable because of the
 m-
 makeshift so really driven by makeshift and then i expect the non-variable
 and to be roughly from a leveraged perspective,
 roughly flat-ish year over year from a leverage, not a dollar.
 Obviously, the dollars will increase.
 So that's what's driving the operating margin down to,
 You know, if you talk about, you get down to EPS, obviously, by lower interest, both
 from a nice to be the last one that I hit the balance of debt
 And then, because I have a floating rate,
 As you all know, interest rates are just in my favor.
 And as I deliver my pricing, I go down
 on the grade of less expensive spreads.
 Okay, that's all very helpful.
 Keep up the good work guys and good luck with the holiday.
 Great, thanks.
 Your final question comes from line of Matt Correnda with Roth Capital Partners.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Yeah, hey guys, thanks for sneaking me in here
 Um, uh, just wanted to touch on 2021 again, if I could, and that's been covered a little
 But wanted to see, did we get any new categories that add to growth as we look out in the 2021?
 or is it still the existing drinkware in cooler categories and just replenishment and the
 the wholesale, and then sustained strength in DTC.
 just wanted to get your take on that first.
 No, we haven't.
 But I'll get back to you.
 We haven't communicated any kind of forward category expansion.
 We tend not to talk about a forward product roadmap.
 What I would say is, you know, we continue to look for expansion opportunities within
 in our existing products and in our existing product families.
 and if you look at our history of pacing
 over the last few years, we continue to kind of push
 the edge of new product families.
 I would expect as we go into 2021, that that's going to continue.
 We want to keep reinvigorating our longest-standing product
 families and introduce new families
 and continue to expand underneath the permission
 the Yeti brand and the Yeti consumers have given us to bring more products to market.
 Got it.
 It's kind of like, Paul, did you want to add anything?
 because it's not like...
 or jumping in there as well.
 Nope, that was it.
 Okay, great.
 Good, good, good, very helpful.
 And then just a lot of the other stuff has been answered,
 but on the balance sheet, what I was curious about is,
 I mean, as we sort of get into a very high quality situation
 where you've got, essentially, zero terms of leverage.
 How do we think about cash deployment going forward,
 Obviously, we're going to see plenty of investment
 and organic growth.
 understand that, but when we think about sort of return of cash versus M&A and the prioritization
 just curious to get your thoughts going forward.
 In that there's really you know, we think about it in three in three buckets right now for
 for what we would spend our cash on.
 First of all, most is rebuilding our inventory to the level that we believe is the right
 level to support the growth across our omnichannel.
 So number one, number one, the inventory.
 The second one is Cat-Bax investments and the Cat-Bax investments fall within a couple
 a couple of different categories that fall within our,
 the continued digitization of the business
 in our technology investments,
 and they fall on the product side,
 and the product side splits into two things.
 its investment in capacity as we continue to ramp legacy products and its investment
 in new product development.
 And then the third thing is,
 and would communicate this in the past as we contemplate
 strategic M&A, you know, one of the things that I like to always say is, uh, we like
 Yeti brand a lot. We think there's a lot of expansion opportunity underneath the Yeti
 brand, but as we look at M&A, we look at it across really two fronts, one R&D investment
 and technologies or materials
 that help accelerate our existing product roadmap.
 or strategic acquisition that helps accelerate entry
 into relevant categories, and that can bring
 category expansion it could bring, customer base expansion it could bring
 geographic expansion. So that's really the way we look at it internally. We also feel
 very fortunate to be sitting here with $235 million in cash and a highly coming out of
 of a highly uncertain summer.
 So we feel good about the opportunities in front of us
 return the value to shareholders, but first and foremost through growth.
 Great. Thanks for that, Matt.
 I'll check back in here.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question and answer session.
 I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Matt Wrenches
 for closing remarks.
 Thanks, everybody, for joining today.
 I just want to reiterate the incredible quarter
 We had a Yeti.
 Demand continues to be strong for the brand.
 We love the receptivity we're seeing
 to our continued innovation.
 The brand was strong and the business was strong
 before the pandemic.
 thrilled to be sitting here at the end of the third quarter and looking out of the fourth
 quarter with a business that continues to perform and deliver.
 I want to wish everybody a safe and happy end of the year and holiday season.
 forward to speaking to you as we wrap up the fourth quarter. Operator?
 This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.
 Thank you for your participation.