 Greetings and welcome to the Yeti third quarter 2020 earnings conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 a question and answer session will follow the formal presentation.
 If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference,
 please press star zero on your telephone keypad.
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Tom Shaw, Vice President of Investor Relations.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning, and thanks for joining us to discuss Yeti Holdings' third quarter 2020 results.
 Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of the statements that we make today
 on this call, including those statements
 related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business
 may be considered forward-looking.
 that touch-forward looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties
 that could cause our actual results
 to differ materially from these statements.
 For more information regarding these forward-looking statements,
 please refer to the risk and uncertainties detailed in this morning's press release
 as well as the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2020,
 followed with the SEC earlier this morning.
 We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements made today
 as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise,
 extent as required by law.
 During our call today, we'll be discussing Yeti's adjusted EBITDA and certain other non-GAT measures that pertain to completed fiscal periods.
 Reconciliations of these non-GAT measures to their most directly comparable GAT measures
 are included in the press release issued this morning,
 as well as in the supplemental reconciliation,
 both of which are available in the investor relations section of the Yeti
 website we use non-gap measures as the
 the lead in some of our financial discussions as we believe they more
 accurately represent the true operational performance and underlying results of
 our business.
 Today's call will be led by Matt Ranches, President and CEO of Yeti, and Paul Carboni, CFO.
 So, following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for your questions.
 We're also working remotely and connecting with you from different locations today, so
 So please bear with us.
 should we experience any delays during the call?
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Matt.
 Good morning, everyone.
 We appreciate you joining us today.
 Yeti had a great quarter, highlighted by excellent performance across our four strategic growth drivers.
 Our quarter was punctuated by 29% sales growth
 with balance across coolers and equipment and drinkware
 coupled with strong, sustained margin expansion.
 Thanks to the incredible work of our Yeti team
 and amazing support from our customers and partners,
 Yet he crossed $1 billion in net sales for the trailing 12 months.
 in the quarter
 our direct-to-consumer business continues to lead the way with 62% growth.
 We drove mid-single-digit wholesale growth for the period as we continued to flex our
 supply chain and work to replenish channel inventories. Importantly, sell
 through in the Wholesale Channel performed in line with our overall top line results
 leading to the aforementioned demand for channel replenishment.
 our international business also performed very well
 posting triple-digit growth to reach a Yeti high of 7% of sales,
 showing broadening demand in Canada, Europe, the U.K., and Australia.
 Gross margin expanded 670 basis points to reach a record 59.1%,
 while our adjusted SG&A rate decreased to 200 basis points.
 Finally, we ended the quarter with $235 million in cash on the balance sheet
 following a voluntary debt payment of $50 million.
 dollars. Overall, we saw
 excellent demand for our products in all our channels. Importantly, we're continuing to invest
 in evolving our business to support our long-term growth ambitions.
 Now, let's discuss our strategic growth priorities.
 We continue to deepen the connection of our brand with our customers.
 This is highlighted by our breadth and depth strategy, where we extend it to new customers
 across diverse pursuits, while also deepening ties within our existing active outdoor communities.
 As we have discussed, the pandemic has focused us on digitally relevant engagement, and we
 have further supported this trend with
 accelerated investments to build out our in-house content and creative teams.
 We're seeing impact of this investment with our ability to drive geographic growth
 and the evolving diversity of our customer base.
 WHEN WE ARE IN OUR MOST EFFECTIVE,
 We tell powerful brand stories that inspire our customers, connect through product storytelling,
 and extend a positive impact on our communities.
 Let me give you a few recent examples in August displaying the broadness of our appeal and audience
 Culture Aficionados High Snobbiety published an article titled,
 how Yeti beats streetwear at the business of making things cool.
 While driving awareness will continue to be a priority, we also balance a focus on the
 depth of engagement with our long-standing
 in customers, which keeps us centered.
 From a storytelling perspective, the pandemic created a unique opportunity to launch our latest collection of Yeti Presents films.
 After the pandemic caused us to cancel our in-person Getty Film Tour in March,
 This summer, we released the eight new films through a YouTube Live premiere.
 We'll be right back to you next week.
 We'll be right back.
 filmmakers, filmmakers, and film subjects.
 This event showcased the power and reach of the Yeti community.
 compliment you to
 An extension of the virtual tour was aired in partnership with Vice Media and CBS.
 IN SEPTEMBER, WE ALSO
 launched a socially
 distanced
 drive-in film tour across eight stops from L.A. to Montauk to Central Texas,
 creating a safe, uniquely Yeti experience for our fans.
 From the product introduction side, we partnered with our ambassadors
 for our Caffeine and Cocktails campaign,
 where our brand partners shared their favorite drink recipes to help introduce our newest tumbler, the 10 Outs Rambler.
 From Conrad Anker's classic coffee pour-over to Hilary Hutchison's Huckleberry Whiskey,
 these short social videos are a tremendous example of how we use our internal content creation
 Ambassadors to showcase our product in real and engaging ways.
 Our efforts to positively impact the communities we reach often matters most when those communities
 face adversity.
 mentioned on our last call, in July, we launched our One for the Roadies campaign in partnership
 with Crew Nation to benefit out-of-work touring and venue workers.
 After securing 37 music artists to customize 42 of our roadie 24 coolers for online auction
 The program raised $135,000.
 The campaign was an incredible success and attracted interest from additional top-tier
 artists who are eager to support future efforts.
 We've also focused on finding ways to ensure the wild is open, welcoming, and accessible
 to all.
 We continue to support our relationships with both Thrive Outside and Big City Mountaineers,
 two organizations committed to driving diversity in the outdoors.
 WE ALSO LAUNCHED A NEW
 a new partnership with black outside an incredible organization based out of san antonio texas which
 which connects black youth to the outdoors.
 Moving to Yeti Innovation, we continue to see sustained strength across drinkware, coolers,
 equipment. The underlying demand for Yeti was strong before the pandemic, and we are now seeing
 the strength continue
 through the third quarter as a result of more fully open channels
 Plus, positive trends in digital engagement, outdoor pursuits, a focus on hygiene and individual
 use and people taking near home vacations.
 These dynamics support the robust demand we are seeing across the product portfolio
 and particularly both hard and soft coolers.
 In drinkware, we have seen a success with the performance of our bottles business,
 WHERE WE INCLUDED THE POPULAR CHUG CAP AS A STANDARD LID AND OUR EXPANDED COOLSTER CAN
 insulator line where we now offer broader products for hard seltzers and large cans while currently
 limited to D2C, we're also encouraged by the early success of our Rambler 10-ounce tumbler,
 Which is mentioned earlier was supported by our caffeine and cocktails digital campaign
 Color remains an important part of our innovation mix.
 Following the July launches of Northwoods Green and Drinkware and Sagebrush Green and Coolers,
 We launched our third second-half color, ice pink, in mid-September.
 Demand for this extremely popular color
 extended into our breast cancer awareness initiatives.
 Thank you.
 WE ARE EXCITED TO ONCE AGAIN
 support boarding for breast cancer and casting for recovery. Our fourth year with both of these
 incredible organizations.
 We also expanded our Rambler Elements metallic collection to the Colster and Lowball and extended Sagebrush from coolers into drinkware.
 I would like to take a moment to address the voluntary recall, which was announced yesterday
 in partnership with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission
 of the Rambler 20-ounce travel mug with our Stronghold lid.
 We launched the travel mug on October 1st as our newest travel-ready product.
 However, shortly after our limited initial launch on Yeti.com and in our retail stores,
 we discovered a potential safety issue with a stronghold lid and out of an abundance of caution
 decided to pull the product from these channels
 and voluntarily begin work with the CPFC.
 To date, there have been no reports of injuries from customers.
 To put this recall in perspective, we sold less than 15,000 units during the nine days
 that was available in these direct channels of the approximately 242,000 total produced
 mugs mentioned in our release.
 In addition, we did not ship the product to our wholesale partners.
 Customer safety is our priority, which is why we took such an aggressive stance addressing this issue.
 We're actively engaged in working on an enhanced design that will continue to meet the high standards that our customers place on each and every product carrying the Yeti brand.
 This delay, while disappointing in the near term, is fully contemplated in our outlook
 and will continue to make us better.
 In addition to our lineup of new products launched this year,
 we are continuing to energize some of our existing categories
 as part of our marketing strategy to drive broadened awareness.
 This includes the Come Hell or High Water campaign in early July
 that showcased the versatility and performance of our Panga fully submersible bags.
 More recently, our built-for-generation Yeti V-Series films launched digitally on Yeti Social
 are centered around our innovative premium stainless steel cooler,
 which is designed to be passed down through the generations.
 Expect continued, targeted product storytelling through the holidays with our holiday gift
 guides, and upcoming Yeti dispatch magalog, which will begin to drop mid-November.
 We also remain laser-focused on working towards rebuilding in-stock levels.
 As a reminder, to protect our balance sheet in late Q1, we initially reduced purchase
 disorders at the start of the pandemic, and as demand recovered, we have worked to flex
 our supplier capacity to meet rising demand.
 with demand accelerating in the third quarter,
 coupled with some pandemic-driven supply disruptions
 through the summer and early fall production.
 we expect inventory will remain tight through the holidays.
 We have taken additional action to mitigate risk and increase visibility of our supply
 chain during the holidays, but do expect our overall
 restocking initiatives will extend
 into early 2021.
 As we look at the balance of the year, we remain focused on driving deeper engagement
 across the Yeti portfolio and executing in-stocks across all channels.
 looking at our omni-channel efforts.
 Consumer dynamics are clearly accelerating the digital shift
 and building upon the activities we've been driving for the past five years.
 Along with the heightened focus of our brand team in delivering amazing, highly relevant
 digital content, we're taking additional action to drive greater consumer acquisition
 and conversion through our investments in incremental consumer insights
 and behavior work, and enhanced
 product customization experience new digital tools and talent additions to
 our team. This is work that will evolve as we match the speed of our customers purchasing habits
 and the rapidly evolving consumer expectations.
 The biggest proof point of our success here is our direct consumer business, which grew
 62% and reached 51% of total sales this period and year-to-date.
 Our strong third-quarter DTC performance was led by Yeti.com due to excellent traffic and conversion on the site.
 We continue to see a great mix of new versus existing customers
 and have maintained great engagement
 as a result of our targeted and relevant content.
 Rounding out our online presence, the Amazon marketplace continued to post solid growth through the quarter.
 On the corporate sales side, revenues turned slightly positive for the quarter
 as healthy demand was limited by inventory availability.
 Increased capacity and delivery for custom is our focus as we ramp through the holiday season.
 In Yeti retail, we added our eighth location in West Palm Beach in August.
 We continue prioritizing operational excellence in all our stores
 while also monitoring the real estate environment for opportunity
 as we evaluate store expansion potential for 2021.
 Turning to Wholesale.
 wholesale, demand and channel sell-through remained robust.
 Retailers were able to support demand with in-store inventory.
 However, they did in the quarter with inventory down double digits compared to the prior year.
 We have opportunity to drive stronger in stocks, particularly in high-demand areas
 such as hard coolers and soft coolers,
 which had significant sell-through during the quarter.
 As the wholesale business evolves, we're working to support the expanded
 on the market.
 the capabilities of our wholesale partners through their own e-commerce, curbside, and in-store,
 which combined are expected to be an important part of this holiday season.
 We had a very strong performance in our international businesses quarter
 with international wholesale more than doubling
 while our international e-commerce
 quadrupled in size, still off a low base, but showing great potential. Overall, international
 grew 165% to reach 7% of sales, the highest mix Yeti has registered to date.
 The biggest factor in the growth was the reopening of our Canadian wholesale,
 which delivered significant year-over-year growth this quarter.
 Importantly, the D to C side of the Canadian business, including both e-commerce and corporate
 sales also registered exponential growth during the period. While Canada still drives the majority
 of our current international business.
 We continue to be highly encouraged with demand.
 than we see in other markets.
 Australia showed more than a three-fold increase in both the wholesale
 and e-commerce businesses due to the extraordinary performance
 and execution of our Australian team.
 As we hit the one-year mark in our UK and Europe expansion, we're seeing this business
 build larger each quarter, and we continue to see a meaningful opportunity to drive performance
 as retail reopens.
 we remain highly focused on building the brand internationally in a thoughtful manner
 while developing the infrastructure to support smart, sustainable growth.
 Outside of our strategic priorities, we were excited to announce
 earlier this week the next step in our board evolution as our board of directors appointed
 is Allison Dean, former CFO of iRobot,
 as an independent director and a member of our audit committee.
 Allison brings over 30 years of financial leadership experience, including 15 years
 with iRobot and seven years as a company CFO before stepping down earlier in 2020.
 Allison's addition corresponds to the resignation of Mike Najjar, who returns to his role managing
 Cortex.
 Additionally, our chair and core tech co-president Dave Schnoddick has informed the board that
 intends to step down as chair of the board and the nominating and corporate governance committee
 effective at the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
 Dave has indicated that he would be willing to stand for re-election to the board if so nominated in May.
 We appreciate the many contributions
 Dave and Mike have made to Yeti through the years.
 With these moves, one of our nine current board members is affiliated with our original private equity sponsor.
 Seven are now independent directors, and one-third are women.
 We are proud to continue adding diverse thought and incredible experience to our board
 as we further build out the long-term opportunity for the brand.
 As I pass the call over to Paul, I would again like to reiterate how thrilled we are with
 a holistic performance during the third quarter, and I would like to thank our Yeti team for
 of their exemplary efforts and ability to adapt
 and thrive so well against a very challenging backdrop.
 To our customers and partners who have continued to show their confidence in our products and our brand, thank you.
 While challenges remain pervasive in the headlines, we are fully focused on our people and what
 we do best, driving passion for the Yeti brand and delivering innovative product.
 We look forward to building upon the strength of our 2020 to-date performance with strong execution through the holiday season and Q4.
 Paul?
 Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone.
 I'll begin with a review of our third quarter results, followed by some high-level thoughts
 as we look at the business during the holiday period.
 We'll then open up the call for your questions.
 the third quarter
 Net sales increased 29% to $294.6 million compared to $229.1 million in the prior year period.
 representing our highest growth rate as a public company.
 The momentum that built throughout the second quarter
 accelerated into the third
 given what we believe is a sustainable shift in consumer behavior
 towards outdoor leisure activities and related products.
 This trend was highlighted by balanced growth across our product categories
 and continued DTC momentum, even as our wholesale channel returned to growth and experienced
 even stronger sell-through
 quarterly during the quarter.
 Looking at our channels, direct-to-consumer net sales grew 62% to $150.4 million compared
 to 92.9 million in the same period last year, driven by strength in both coolers and equipment
 and drinkware.
 Within DTC, the Yeti.com business continued to lead the way.
 The Amazon marketplace posted strong growth, and corporate sales increased slightly for the period.
 D.C.
 ETC reached 51% of net sales for the period
 compared to 41% in last year's period.
 Wholesale net sales increased 6% to $144.2 million compared to $136.2 million last year.
 strong gains in drink wear
 helped offset declines in cooler and equipment,
 WHICH WERE LARGELY DRIVEN BY
 inventory constraints.
 No channel sell-through was up double digits for the quarter.
 So channel inventories exited the quarter down double digits on a year-over-year basis.
 By category, drinkware returned to strong growth during the quarter
 with net sales increasing 31% to $165.9 million
 compared to $126.4 million last year.
 WE ARE VERY PLEASED WITH THE
 strength of our original drinkware SKUs, even as we introduce new products to address additional
 use cases for our customers.
 expanded Colster lineup and updated bottle styles with Chug Caps
 remained big winners this year.
 And we are also excited to see the early receptivity of our 10-ounce Rambler during the period.
 Coolers and equipment net sales increased 27% to $124.2 million compared to $97.8 million during the same period last year.
 Our overall coolers business remains vibrant, led by our new Roadie 24 in the Tundra Hall
 in hard coolers
 and our flip and backflip lines in soft coolers.
 We also saw strong results in our outdoor living category led by our trailhead camp chair
 which we believe supports the broader opportunity of the brand
 as we develop and expand deeper into new categories.
 Gross profit increased 45% to $174 million, or 59.1% of net sales, compared to $120.1
 or 52.4% of net sales during the same period last year.
 The 670 basis point year-over-year expansion was driven by the following favorable impacts.
 two hundred ninety basis points from channel mix a hundred and ten basis
 points from product cost improvements, 90 basis points from lower tariffs, 70 basis
 points from lower inbound freight.
 70 basis points from higher inventory reserves in the prior period and lower warranty expenses
 in the current period.
 And lastly, 40 basis points from all other impacts.
 Adjusted SG&A expenses for the third quarter increased by 22% to $101.6 million of 34.5% of net sales.
 AS COMPARED TO 80% OF THE
 83.5 million, or 36.4% of net sales in the same period last year.
 variable
 SG&A expenses deleveraged 150 basis points driven by the significant shift in channel
 mix towards a faster-growing DTC channel, primarily with higher outbound freight.
 non-variable SG&A expenses leveraged 350 basis points driven by the overall
 strength of the company's top line results.
 We continue to invest prudently to grow our business with higher year-over-year spending
 across most key expense categories, including marketing,
 while we also resumed hiring more broadly across the organization.
 organization.
 Adjusted operating income increased 98% to $72.4 million, or 24.6% of net sales, compared
 to 36.6 million, or 16% of net sales, during the same period last year.
 effective tax rate was twenty four point four percent during the quarter compared to twenty
 four point nine percent in last year's third quarter
 adjusted net income
 more than doubled to $53.5 million, or $0.61 per diluted share, compared to $23.2 million,
 over $0.27 per diluted share during the prior year period.
 EBITDA increased 84% to $80.2 million, or 27.2% of net sales, compared to $43.7 million,
 or 19.1% of net sales in the same quarter last year.
 year.
 Now, turning to our balance sheet.
 As of September 26, 2020, we had cash of $234.8 million, compared to $34.6 million in the year-ago period.
 Our strong cash balance, in part, reflects our lower inventory position.
 as we ended the quarter with $134.6 million in inventory
 compared to $209.2 million during the same quarter last year.
 here.
 Inventory declined 36% year over year, reflecting both the comparison to a 33% growth in the
 year ago period, as well as ongoing efforts to match supply with the above-forecasted
 demand we have seen across the business.
 business.
 going forward
 our focus remains on flexing our supply chain
 to not only match the strong demand we are seeing for the brand,
 but also rebuild more consistent in-stock levels across our channels.
 As such, we expect to be in a constrained inventory position across certain products
 as we work through the fourth quarter
 Total debt, excluding unamortized deferred financing fees and finance leases, was $238.8
 million compared to
 two hundred ninety eight million in last year's third quarter
 During the quarter, we made principal payments of $53.8 million, inclusive of a $50 million
 dollar voluntary prepayment.
 And with our strong cash position for the quarter, the ratio of total net debt to adjusted
 for the trailing 12 months
 was essentially zero times compared to 1.6 times in the prior year quarter.
 Overall, we couldn't be prouder of how our business and our team has responded since the beginning of the pandemic.
 I THINK THE BUSINESS IS
 There is more work to be done to navigate the ongoing uncertainties of the current environment
 to execute on our holiday plan, and ultimately to continue our momentum into 2021.
 given the incredible performance of our third quarter
 Let me give you some high-level thoughts into how we see the balance of the year playing out.
 We expect fourth quarter net sales to increase between 15% and 16% year over year on top of a strong 24% growth rate in last year's fourth quarter.
 As a reminder, the fourth quarter includes the impact of an extra week,
 which extends the fiscal period to January 2nd, 2021,
 and is expected to benefit revenues by approximately $7 million.
 million.
 our strong outperformance in the third quarter, contributing to lean inventories across our
 channels, we expect demand for the Yeti brand will continue to exceed available supply during
 in the fourth quarter.
 As we focus on rebuilding our inventory position,
 We are also actively and aggressively managing all aspects of our supply chain
 to navigate real and potential disruptions from supplier capacity to holiday logistics.
 We expect our ongoing work here will provide opportunities for growth
 as we continue to restock the channel into early 2021.
 Turning to the bottom line, gap earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter are expected
 to be between $0.55 and $0.58 compared to $0.05 in the year-ago period. We expect adjusted
 earnings per diluted share to be between $0.57 and $0.60, reflecting a 31% to 38% year-over-year
 growth. Before turning the call over for Q&A, I want to reinforce three themes we are seeing
 in the business.
 First, we are seeing incredible demand for the Yeti brand with growth evenly balanced
 between our two main product categories
 and supported by our omni-channel evolution.
 Second, we are focused on delivering profitable growth, highlighted by record gross margins
 margins and disciplined SG&A management.
 management.
 Lastly, we continue to build more financial flexibility to support strategic opportunities
 and drive future shareholder value.
 We believe these themes are the hallmarks of a strong, enduring brand
 and position the company incredibly well
 as we look to achieve our long-term goals.
 We would now like to open the call for questions.
 Operator?
 Thank you.
 At this time, we'll be conducting a question and answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star 2 if you would like to remove your question from the queue.
 For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star key.
 One moment, please, while we poll for questions.
 Your first question comes from a line of Peter Benedict with Baird.
 please proceed with your question.
 Oh, hey, guys.
 Good morning.
 Thanks for the questions.
 First, just on the inventory, Paul, I don't know if you can give us maybe a better sense
 of where you
 where you hope to have this sitting at year end, and then assuming that demand pace remains,
 I guess, similar, when would you realistically expect to be back kind of in stock at levels
 that would allow you to kind of grow or sell through.
 Is that something that you think you can get early in 21, or if this demand level continues, you're going to be chasing for quite some time?
 And that's my first question, Matt, one follow-up.
 Great. Thank you, Peter, and good morning.
 So we expect to end the year still down on inventory,
 but we'll make sequential improvement from where we are in the third quarter.
 so while down
 year-over-year, we do expect the percentage to lessen on a decrease year-over-year.
 And then as we look into 2021,
 You know, it's probably the first half of the year where we continue to, you know, ramp
 up our inventory and it's really it's all about demand and what we're seeing today is demand is
 very, very strong, and we hope that continues.
 But we think as we go through 2021, we'll get to a more normalized level.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 And then I guess related to that,
 um,
 just Matt
 Maybe talk about the innovation cadence in the business.
 Listen, I know you guys adjusted some of the new product introductions this year
 just in response to COVID and whatnot.
 But now we've got the supply constraint dynamic out there.
 So maybe just how has your planning evolved for 2021 in terms of what maybe you were thinking
 a year ago you would introduce versus what now you think the cadence will look like?
 Peter, thanks.
 the morning, you know, I would say our
 planning and roadmap for 2021 as it relates to the product has not changed significantly.
 so the
 changes we made in 2020
 early in the year when we didn't
 have great visibility on the back half of the year.
 And as we've previously communicated, shifted some things to the front half of 2021.
 one. We don't expect
 those to get caught up in the inventory rebuild and the kind of capacity that we're putting on
 or the pressure we're putting on our suppliers for capacity.
 So we expect that that shouldn't have a substantial impact on our product roadmap and the introduction of products next year.
 It's really, as Paul indicated, it's really rebuilding the current product portfolio or current inventory back up.
 So I feel like I'm good about the innovation cadence being intact and the plan for innovation in 2021.
 and in parallel will be
 rebuilding and ramping up
 our supply capacity for our existing product portfolio.
 okay
 No, that's helpful.
 If I could sneak one more and then I'll turn it over.
 I apologize.
 guys, just with respect to the recall
 I'm not sure how much you can say about it, but I'm just curious what's different about that mag slider on the travel mug versus the others.
 I mean, you have mag sliders on a lot of different products.
 So if you're at liberty to say, and then you said, you know,
 any impact is in your fourth-court plan,
 And Paul, if you could go a little bit more specific behind what you think the impact's going to be.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, Peter, I'll take the front of that.
 we did a voluntary recall
 in an abundance of caution
 and didn't have any
 We had a report of a dislodging of our magnetic lid.
 And so we quickly moved, you know, nine days into the launch of this product through our own direct channels
 and took a decisive action quickly
 to make sure we fully understood
 and fully wrapped this.
 The difference between the two products is in the legacy product, there's one magnet on the top,
 And on the new one, there's a magnet on the bottom and a magnet on the top.
 And that's what they can dislodge from each other.
 So, you know, we put incredible importance on consumer safety.
 And when we saw this report of it, we had an opportunity to quickly wrap it
 and get it off the market
 and put our team back to work on making sure that we had the product out in the market
 that we thought was deserving of the Yeti brand.
 And then, Peter, on the sales impact, while I won't share kind of what our plan was,
 And as you can imagine, there are a lot of puts and takes there as we introduce a new product.
 How does that impact current product?
 So when we pulled the travel mug, you know, the perceived cannibalization of other products goes away.
 So as we said, it's fully contemplated in the top line guidance that we gave in the 15% to 16%.
 And, you know, we're excited too as the team is reworking that lid
 and, you know, looking forward.
 Okay.
 Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
 your next question comes from the line of
 Camilla Lyon with BTIG.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, guys, and great job on the quarter.
 I wanted to drill down a little bit more
 on the inventory comments you're making.
 because I think you have some inventory constraints also.
 So during the middle of the quarter and obviously continuing here in the fourth quarter, maybe
 See if you can help us understand what categories you're feeling particularly light on and how
 you're thinking about um you know is there a favoring of a channel that you'd prefer to
 to supply over one
 over the other so are you going to feed your DTC first when supply comes back or it is coming through
 And also, are you seeing where in the supply chain are you seeing the disruptions?
 Is it on the production side?
 is it shipping times
 Is it at the ports?
 I'm just curious to understand where the bottlenecks exist and where we could see some alleviation of that inventory flow.
 Sure. So let me start with the kind of how we got here or kind of just, you know, kind of going back a few months.
 So if you remember back at the end of first quarter,
 And this is where do we see the bottlenecks?
 because there really aren't true bottlenecks in the normal sense.
 But if we go back to the first quarter, the end of the first quarter,
 last two weeks of the first quarter, first two weeks of the second quarter.
 we cut back forward POs.
 as we were seeing those demand signals.
 We had some supply chain disruption there, but it was really us cutting back, looking at the current demand signals at that point.
 And then demand started to, in the back half of the second quarter, started to take off,
 and we began placing forward orders.
 and then as we came into Q3.
 So it's really about a lot of this impact is, you know, kind of going back to the end of first quarter, beginning of second quarter, where we weren't producing at a capacity or we weren't producing at the level to support the 29 percent in Q3.
 And, you know, back then, I never would have expected to drive 29 percent top line growth in the third quarter.
 So it is really we have all our all our factories working, you know, full capacity and producing.
 So it's not a bottleneck in the sense of, you know, ports and things of that nature.
 that being said
 you know
 And you've seen it in the headlines, the port coming into the U.S. on the west coast.
 And then certainly just logistics in getting the goods to our DCs.
 But it really is about kind of the progression of rebuilding the inventory.
 From an allocation, here's how we think about it, is we want to meet consumer demand across channels.
 And if we think about our wholesale channel, right, so our sell-in was plus 6%.
 And we talked about wholesale demand being close to what our top line was, in line with what our top line was as a company.
 So we knew we had him in the hospital.
 inventory in the channel, so we used that inventory to satisfy demand, and then we used
 the inventory we had to satisfy our DTC.
 So we're constantly looking at satisfying consumer demand, and that's kind of how we allocate the inventory,
 and we continue to do that into the fourth quarter.
 Got it.
 Okay, great.
 And then just on the categories, is there a specific under-inventoried position that's
 more
 um that's more grave um maybe that's too strong a word but um that's that's of greater focus
 coolers versus shrink wear or is it equally balanced in terms of where you'd like to be?
 Yeah, good question.
 and I'm going to come at it from the other angle of,
 we had the benefit of all last year building up my drinkware inventory.
 So even as I came into the first quarter, second quarter,
 and I did the same thing there, I cut four repeals,
 But I had a lot of drinkware inventory in my D.C.
 So as demand came back, I was able to, you know, put forward POs in.
 And so I had the benefit of having a lot of drinkware inventory, which, again, as we talked
 about was a tariff mitigation and turned into a
 coronavirus mitigation so that I was I benefited from that piece that's clear
 Thank you.
 Um, and then maybe Matt, as you think about this, you know, the balance of the, the excess
 supply
 access
 demand
 or demand out serving supply with maintaining the brand heat
 that you're clearly benefiting from.
 Are you at all seeing anything on the competitive landscape where a customer is leaving the brand just to fulfill some sort of purchase need?
 And how are you trying to mitigate, you know, that potential lost sale or that lost customer that, you know, maybe organically coming to you but not seeing that demand fulfilled?
 you know we've seen through time and through different points in Yeti's history when we get
 into supply constrained environments or where demand is outstripping supply is that we don't
 tend to see a lot of leakage of the customer.
 And part of it's because we focus a lot on making sure we're continuing to drive engagement.
 And even if it's engagement in between purchases or it's engagement while someone's waiting for something to come back in stock
 or we present alternative products.
 that I think is one of the benefits of our in-house internal creative and content team
 combined with our e-commerce team
 is that we're able to identify
 more smartly where consumers are
 and where they are in the shopping journey
 and what we can put in front of them as an alternative.
 So we tend to see, we tend not to see that leakage.
 And, you know, as a reminder, this business pre-mid-March and pre-the pandemic shutdown here in the U.S. was growing 20-plus percent.
 We just grew 29% in the third quarter.
 we've provided some
 some outlook on, on, on the fourth quarter.
 So you expect the back half of the year to return to that 20% growth.
 this is a business that was
 driving performance and consumer demand as we went through that time, and we'll continue to do it right now.
 and we'll work hard to make sure we keep consumers engaged
 while we get our in-stocks back at the level,
 both in wholesale and our own DTC channels
 in the way we want it.
 Fantastic. Good luck in the holiday season.
 Thanks, Astin.
 Thanks, Camille.
 MR.
 question comes from the line of Alexandra Waldis with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your
 question good morning thanks so much for taking the question here my first question is on e-commerce
 E-commerce, of course, growing very, very strongly still in the quarter.
 And you mentioned that was, you saw growth across channels.
 Could you talk about the discrepancy and growth that you're seeing between
 yucky.com and amazon marketplace you know what's the mix of the e-commerce business today between
 those channels and how would you expect that to um trend uh going forward hey alex good morning um
 So, Yeti.com, and I may have said this in my
 prepared remarks. Yeti.com definitely led the way. So if I think about
 the DTC business
 Yeti.com was the leader.
 then Amazon, and then corporate sales.
 and I'm leaving retail out just because of the year-over-year comparison with new stores
 doesn't make the percent growth relevant.
 So Yeti.com is still the strongest.
 You know, we like what we're seeing across those channels and are really happy with the engagement.
 We're driving with Yeti.com.
 You know, the Amazon marketplace is an important business for us.
 We saw, you know, this is going back to the end of Q1,
 a slight, you know, disruption as people were really focused on more essentials, but that
 has come back nicely and is growing
 very very well
 But clearly the standout was Yeti.com.
 Great.
 many plans for you know which which of those you're prioritizing as you as you move forward
 in the coming quarters and years?
 So, prioritizing, and you can come back at me, I'm going to step away from prioritizing
 inventory.
 But really, if you think about the coming years,
 We really like the Yeti.com business.
 it's the
 fullest expression of our business. It's where we get, you know, the most information from a
 customer and being able to interact with the customer.
 So, you know, if we could wave, if I could wave a magic wand, I'd have everyone go to Yeti.com.
 that being said
 you know
 The Amazon marketplace is really important.
 if people choose for now $119 a year, if they're a Prime member and they go to buy, you know,
 something and they want to put it
 a
 RAMBLER 20 IN THEIR CART, WE WANT
 to be where the customer wants to shop.
 So that's kind of how we think long term is.
 And that goes as far as wholesale, too, is being where the customer wants to access the brand is the most important thing to us.
 I appreciate you sharing your thoughts on that.
 Maybe one more from me.
 I wonder if you could update us on the business with Lowe's,
 how many doors you're in now
 how that's trending
 and what the next step in the opportunity is there.
 Yeah, Alex, Matt, I'll take that one.
 And thanks.
 Thanks for the question, and good morning.
 And, you know, we continue to really enjoy the relationship that we've built with Lowe's in the partnership.
 And that's as important to us as we think about what a methodical pace rollout looks like.
 We said that from the very beginning, that the rationale for why we add additional wholesale
 is that they bring a relatively new consumer, a new buying occasion,
 or they augment support the rest of our existing wholesale.
 and I think Glow's has continued to do that
 and been a good partner as we have evolved and learned together.
 You know, this year, we're incredibly pleased with our partnership.
 We made some decisions as the year paced on to moderate our rollout, considering the environment
 in considering our inventory constraints,
 and it gave us an opportunity to really focus on the execution and performance.
 So what we really like is we continue to see the incrementality of that relationship,
 and we look at it as a piece in the puzzle of our overall wholesale
 and our overall wholesale is a piece in the puzzle of our overall omni-channel.
 So we're pleased with how that's performing.
 And as we said in the prepared remarks, and we've reiterated here, we're pleased with the overall performance in our wholesale.
 And our job now is to thoughtfully rebuild the channel inventory
 so that we continue to address more and more of the consumer demand.
 Fantastic.
 Thanks so much, and all the best.
 Thanks, Alex.
 Your next question comes from the line of Randy Koenig with Jeffries.
 please proceed with your question.
 Yeah, good morning, everybody.
 You know, clearly the strong revenue numbers, the growth of revenue is indicative of, you know, acceleration of new customer growth and existing customers, you know, buying more.
 And I remember, I recall, a number of quarters ago, you guys were starting to track the purchase behavior or kind of track customers on what they're doing.
 color you can give us when you analyze the DTC business of what proportion of the revenues are
 coming from new, brand-new customers versus existing customers right now?
 Randy, good morning.
 What I would say is
 We haven't, as you pointed out, we haven't shared the specific numbers.
 It is something that we continue to get smarter and have better insights to.
 I made a comment a little bit earlier that we're focused on understanding those customer cohorts
 and how they perform and how they perform differently
 and as our product portfolio expands, what that sequencing of purchases
 is and what that recurrence of purchase looks like.
 What I can say is, interestingly, through this year to date, as we have seen elevated demand
 and has channel shifts have
 occurred during different points of shutdown and wholesale
 is our new to Yeti.com versus existing or repeat purchase on Yeti.com
 has all lifted.
 And that ratio between the two hasn't shifted materially.
 And so we really like the new customer acquisition that we're seeing
 and the percent of new customers we're seeing.
 And along with that, we like the returning customer and the repeat purchase rate.
 And what we're really focused on is, you know, what is their behavior after that first purchase
 within those first 30 days, within those first 90 days, and within that first year?
 And so those are all metrics we're paying a lot of attention to.
 And then below that,
 what does that
 what does that basket of expansion look like? So while we aren't reporting the numbers,
 It is something we're paying a lot of attention to.
 It's something we're taking action on, and it's something we like the trend that we're seeing.
 And it's a big area of investment for the business in 2020, and that will continue to be a big area of investment in 2021 as we drive deeper consumer insights and behavior understandings to really target those distinct audiences.
 that's great
 And then last question, you mentioned, I believe, the international penetration is at 7% of total.
 I believe it was only four percent, you know, only a few quarters ago.
 So can you give us some extra depth of color on, you know, what you think is happening in terms of rising awareness or what have you?
 just trying to get a sense of the acceleration you're seeing because it
 seems like that business is now starting to kind of really come into its own that that that geography
 if you will, the international,
 and just want to get some color on what you think is starting
 to really continue to accelerate that business going, that part of the sales geography going
 forward thank you yeah yeah we're we're super excited about the opportunity internationally we
 have been, but what we're excited about now is our enthusiasm is being matched by the
 activity and results. And I say that fully knowing that wholesale or retail in Europe and the UK and
 Australia and Canada until Q3 was was really disrupted by the pandemic and I would say
 disrupted in some cases even more than the U.S. wholesale market. So what we saw in the quarter
 was a really strong recovery in our international business and it came back it came back alive
 of what we liked was we saw strong performance out of our wholesale led by the Canadian Wholesale,
 which is a market that we've been actively and directly with Yeti employees operating in since 2017.
 but balance with that wholesale is strong e-commerce performance.
 And I think that is indicative of the rising awareness of the brand.
 I think that things like social media, the content we create, that type of information
 has been more and more democratized globally.
 And so the awareness of our brand
 and the awareness of our products, in many cases,
 in some of the markets we enter internationally leads our official entry or leads the distribution
 we have in those markets because
 social media is such a
 such a globally
 democratized and available.
 So we continue to focus on, we see the demand signals.
 We believe the brand's bigger than the revenue.
 our focus continues to be on building our brand in the right way so we're not
 rushing out just to chase short-term placement or short-term growth we really
 want the sustainable growth and we're seeing that in Canada and Australia in
 particular where we've been operating for three full years and we're seeing the
 early signs of it in the UK and Europe. And what we like about the UK and Europe in the early days
 is even with the disruption
 through the summer in the wholesale channel,
 that e-commerce continues to be a strong opportunity.
 So I think you'd look for us to go into 2021 with a heavy focus around international, a
 I have focused around brand building and driving, ultimately, the question you asked,
 which is driving the awareness, which we think ultimately drives the consideration and the purchase.
 Very helpful.
 Thanks, guys.
 Thanks, Marty.
 Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zaxia with William Blair.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hi, good morning.
 So a question on the operating margin.
 And you've obviously had a couple of quarters in a row where operating margin has started with a two.
 and it looks like the imputation
 is that that will continue in the fourth quarter
 and what it looks like for the full year.
 I guess I'd be interested, Paul, in how 2020 has changed any of your thoughts about the long-term sustainable margin of the company.
 and also if there are any areas where you feel like you're over-earning this year
 because you pull back on marketing or travel or other dynamics.
 and you can kind of dimensionalize those for us.
 Yeah. Good morning, Sharon.
 So the performance and the operating margin expansion and the performance has been fantastic.
 So as I think about that and then thinking about going forward, obviously that's driven by the significant increase in direct-to-consumer
 in this shift that we've seen both in the second quarter and the third quarter.
 but even if we go back to the first quarter and the whole algorithm of the company of DTC growing faster than wholesale.
 So a lot of that margin expansion is driven by gross margin expansion.
 As we look to the future,
 um
 A couple of thoughts.
 The first is we expect gross margin with next shift in cost improvements to continue to expand.
 I don't expect it to expand to the level it did this year because of the significant outperformance of DTC.
 And then, as you know, just the law of large numbers is my DTC becomes a bigger percent of the business.
 if every incremental 1% mix gives me less on the mix.
 But we do believe gross margin will continue to benefit from makeshift cost improvement.
 and then I will say
 we talk very often
 internally about
 Where do we want to, are there things we want to invest at the gross margin level, are there
 things we want to invest in the in the
 product. And I think you saw that
 And we've talked about this when we put the chug cap on the bottle and didn't change the price.
 So we delivered value to the consumer and held for the price,
 and we use some of that gross margin expansion to fund that.
 from an over-earning in the business.
 I think the most
 obvious one, and you called it out as T&E, right?
 so we're still working remotely and not traveling, so certainly T&E is down.
 You know, we continue, and even though we saw significant leverage on non-variable expenses,
 You know, we continue to invest in absolute dollars.
 we continue to spend more
 in marketing we've resumed hiring so you know
 We continue to bring great talent into the business and things of that nature.
 So,
 the
 Expense leverage is really about kind of the top line growth.
 But other than T&E, you know, we are running the business and investing in the business for the future.
 so I don't feel like we're over-earning, to use your word,
 based on, you know, cutting back on expenses.
 Thanks. That's very helpful.
 your next question comes from line of Robbie Ohms with Bank of America
 securities. Please proceed with your question.
 Oh, thanks, guys.
 So, you know, great quarter.
 Actually, just two quick questions.
 you mentioned
 And, you know, sort of some new drivers of growth to the brand outdoor, you know, near home vacations, things like that near the beginning of the call.
 I guess, Matt, is there any, you know, when you get beyond the inventory constraints and you look out, you know, the next year or two,
 Um,
 Are you looking at  are there some new wholesale-type customers that you guys are thinking about now because of these new drivers of demand for the brand that you maybe weren't thinking about a year ago?
 Robby, I would answer that.
 good morning a couple different ways
 The drivers that have become kind of the headlines through the summer and some of the drivers
 we mentioned, I would say for our brand, have been dynamics that we've been experiencing
 for the last handful of years.
 That movement towards being active outdoors, adventure-based vacations, car camping, all those dynamics.
 And we think what's happened this summer is it's just it's accelerated exposure of a trend that we were seeing.
 And obviously, our business was benefiting from strong growth pre-pandemic.
 And as those trends get highlighted and people try those things, we're right in that slipstream to continue to sustain that momentum.
 You know, if it were different and we were zero growth and realized growth because of a trend, it would be a different dynamic.
 And that's just not the situation we're in.
 couple that with
 because we think we were well-positioned pre-pandemic
 and previous trends being highlighted.
 We believe we've got really good representation from a wholesale perspective domestically,
 and we think that between the Amazon Marketplace and Yeti.com, we've got good representation.
 That said, as we've said in the past, we
 We constantly monitor the wholesale market.
 We look for everything from independent partners who help us identify a certain region or a certain customer group that we may not be accessing all the way up to larger national.
 But as you know, having followed us for a while, we're really thoughtful when we bring
 on a big partner.
 We were thoughtful when we added Lowe's to the suite of wholesale partners we have.
 So we feel good where we are today, but we also pay attention to the market.
 I think internationally is a different situation
 because that's a little more greenfield for us when it comes to wholesale exposure.
 And so far, we've been following a similar playbook to the U.S., which is building strong, relevant, independent relationships and identifying regional players or, in some cases, national players that we think will represent the brand and the business well.
 That's helpful.
 And then, Paul, just quickly, shipping surcharges, anything, any impact to you guys you see, you know, for the fourth quarter or next year?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so from a dollar perspective, we are seeing, you know, the surcharges that UPS has announced, all contemplated in the fourth quarter outlook.
 And, Robbie, what I would say is what we're really focused on and not to play down the
 dollar piece of it, it's really the capacity and making sure, you know, that we secure and we work
 with UPS.
 I think our guys probably talk to him, if not every day, three times a week.
 We have secured our capacity for the fourth quarter.
 and that's really our biggest focus
 And again, not to downplay the dollars, but making sure we have making sure they're coming to pick up the trailers is absolutely critical.
 and we have a very good relationship with them
 and our ops team is very focused on that.
 Terrific.
 Thanks so much.
 Thanks, Robbie.
 Your next question comes from the line of Peter Keith with Piper Sandler.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, thanks.
 Good morning, guys.
 I want to follow up on a
 I THINK THERE WAS A PRIOR
 QUESTION I THINK FROM KAMALO
 STOCKS AT WHOLESALE.
 SO IT SEEMS LIKE KIND OF A GOOD
 And I think that's a remarkably strong sell-through, but inventory
 constrained
 and now you're going
 to the holiday season.
 It seems like there could be some risk where your wholesale partners might bring in some alternative competitors to fill in some of those cooler auto stocks.
 What actions can you take in order to prevent that type of activity?
 And do you see that as any risk in the coming months?
 I don't know.
 Peter, I would say a couple things to that.
 one
 we have great
 wholesale partnerships and have very open dialogues as we've gone through this.
 And as we've seen challenges to the supply disruption, you know, one of the things that
 we've worked very closely with our wholesale partners is how do we fill in
 either with other Yeti products
 or make sure that we're represented as well as we can as we rebuild that space.
 And, you know, one of the conversations we have is, you know,
 as we rebuild that inventory we want to make sure that we have the right space to merchandise the
 products the right way in the way that we did pre-pandemic and the way we would expect of all
 of our wholesale partners at any point, but as we rebuild that inventory.
 So I would say the conversations have been great.
 We're in full alignment with our partners.
 So we don't see we don't see risk from something changing because of this moment in time.
 but we also don't see risk as far as, as I mentioned earlier on the call, demand leakage.
 you know we want to continue to drive demand for our product we continue to
 bring innovation to market.
 We've started previewing our spring products with our wholesale partners,
 and there's a lot of excitement about what we continue to do with the brand
 and what we continue to do from an innovation perspective.
 Okay, thanks, Matt.
 I mean, I'll ask the next question to Paul, just around the structure of the guidance.
 So with the 15% to 16% growth, it does imply a notable acceleration from Q3.
 and we know there's a lot of uncertainty in the economic environment.
 but is there anything identifiable that you can see that would that would cause that slowdown
 And then maybe on a related note that the EPS growth guidance of 31 to 38 is certainly above normal for your normal mid-team revenue growth.
 WHAT ARE THE MARGIN CHARACTERISTICS
 that's driving that above-average EPS growth.
 So a couple of things on the top line, and as we think about this, if you step back to
 the end of second quarter, where we said the back half of the year would be between 10
 and 15%. And now the back half of the year is going to be, you know, on if you look at what
 we've talked about the fourth quarter
 call it twenty percent
 we look from where we were three months ago
 you know the business is certainly performed and it's really about a very
 strong Q3 so
 that the
 deceleration, I think about it a little bit differently of the back half of the year from
 where I thought about it three months ago is actually stronger than what I was taking
 three months ago.
 You know, as we think about the fourth quarter in particular, you know, a couple of things.
 The first is, you know, we're rough against our strongest comparison from last year to plus 23 in last year's fourth quarter.
 You know, we talked about the inventory constraints.
 So that's what kind of shaped our thinking on the current outlook.
 outlook, but again, as I think of the back half of the year, strongly outperforming what
 we thought the back half of the year was going to be just three months ago.
 From an EPS perspective or a margin, it's going to be, and I'm happy to say it, much of the same, we're going to see expanding gross margins.
 Now, we're rolling over, as fourth quarter always is, our biggest DTC quarter every year.
 so
 the hurdle
 certainly gets higher.
 But if I think about gross margins, I'm going to expect some gross margin.
 I'm going to expect gross margin expansion from the channel mix shift,
 Costing improvements and then tariff tailwind.
 And then if I think about SG&A, kind of come down to P&L, it's going to be a similar story overall of deleveraging on the variable because of the mix shift, so really driven by mix shift.
 And then I expect the non-variable to be roughly, from a leverage perspective, to be roughly flat-ish year over year from a leverage, not a dollar.
 Obviously, the dollars will increase.
 So that's what's driving the operating margin down to, you know,
 he's talking about
 you get down to
 EPS, obviously, my lower interest, both from a  that used to be the last one that I
 hit the balance of debt, and then because I have a floating rate debt, as you well know,
 So interest rates are just in my favor.
 And as I delever, my pricing, I go down on the grid of less expensive spreads.
 Okay, that's all very helpful.
 Keep up the good work, guys, and good luck with the holiday.
 Great.
 Great, thanks.
 Your final question comes from line of Matt Coranda with Roth Capital Partners.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Yeah, hey guys, thanks for sneaking me in here.
 um...
 just wanted to touch on 2021 again if i could and that's been covered a little bit but
 But I wanted to see, did we get any new categories that add to growth as we look out into 2021?
 or is it still the existing drinkware in cooler categories
 and just replenishment into wholesale and then sustain strength in DTC.
 I just wanted to get your take on that first.
 Matt, we haven't.
 Yeah.
 I'll get involved.
 Matt, we haven't
 communicated any
 kind of forward
 category expansion, we tend not to talk about a forward product roadmap.
 What I would say is, you know, we continue to look for expansion opportunities within our existing products and in our existing product families.
 And if you look at our history of pacing over the last few years, we continue to kind of push the edge of new product families.
 And I would expect as we go into 2021 that that's going to continue.
 We want to keep reinvigorating our longest-standing product families
 and introduce new families and continue to expand underneath the permission,
 in the Yeti brand and the Yeti consumers have given us to bring more products to market.
 it.
 Got it.
 It sounded like, Paul, did you want to add anything?
 because it felt like you were jumping in there as well.
 Nope, that was it.
 Okay, great.
 Great, good, good. Very helpful.
 and then just a lot of the other stuff
 has been answered but on the balance sheet what I was curious about is I mean as we sort of get
 to a very high-quality situation where you've got essentially zero turns of leverage, how
 do we think about cash deployment going forward? Obviously, we're going to see plenty of investment
 and organic growth.
 We understand that.
 But when we think about sort of return of cash versus M&A and the prioritization there,
 I'm just curious to get your thoughts going forward.
 Yeah, Matt, there's really, you know, we think about it in three buckets right now for
 what we would spend our cash on.
 And first and foremost is rebuilding our inventory to a level that we believe is the right level
 to support the growth across our omni-channel.
 So number one, number one is inventory.
 The second one is CapEx investments, and the CapEx investments fall within a couple
 different categories.
 that fall within the continued digitization of the business
 and our technology investments, and they fall on the product side,
 and the product side splits into two things.
 its investment in capacity as we continue to ramp legacy products
 and its investment in new product development.
 And then the third thing is, and we've communicated this in the past, that as we contemplate strategic M&A, one of the things that I like to always say is we like the Yeti brand a lot.
 We think there's a lot of expansion opportunity underneath the Yeti brand.
 But as we look at M&A, we look at it across really two fronts.
 one
 R&D investment in technologies or materials that help
 accelerate our existing product roadmap or a strategic acquisition that helps
 accelerate entry into relevant categories and that can bring category expansion, it
 It could bring customer-based expansion.
 it could bring geographic expansion.
 And so that's really the way we look at it internally.
 We also feel very fortunate to be sitting here with $235 million in cash coming out of a highly uncertain summer.
 So, you know, we feel good about the opportunities in front of us to return the value to shareholders.
 but first and foremost through growth.
 Great. Thanks for that, Matt. I'll jump back in queue.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question and answer session,
 And I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Matt Wrenches for closing remarks.
 Thanks, everybody, for joining today.
 I just want to reiterate the incredible quarter we had at Yeti.
 The demand continues to be strong for the brand.
 We love the receptivity we're seeing to our continued innovation.
 You know, the brand was strong and the business was strong before the pandemic.
 We're thrilled to be sitting here at the end of the third quarter
 and looking out to the fourth quarter with a business that continues to perform and deliver.
 I want to wish everybody a safe and happy end of the year and holiday season.
 look forward to speaking to you as we wrap up the fourth quarter. Operator? This concludes today's
 conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
 participation.