 Hello, ladies and gentlemen.
 Thank you for standing by for QGN's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 At this time, all participants are listen-only mode.
 After management's prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 Today's conference is being recorded.
 I will now turn the call over to our host from QDN.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, everyone, and welcome to Qidian's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 The company's results were issued via newswear services earlier today
 and will post it online.
 you can download the earnings press release
 and sign up for the company's distribution list
 by visiting our website at irstockqdm.com.
 Mr. Ming Luo, our founder, chairman, and chief executive officer, and Ms. C. C. Zhu, our VP of investor relations, will start the call with prepared remarks, and then we will open the call to Q&A.
 Before we continue, please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements
 made under the safe harbor provision
 of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 Overlooking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainty.
 As such, the company's results may be materially different from the views expressed today.
 Further information regarding this and other risks and uncertainties is included in the
 company's 20th as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The company does not
 assume any obligation to update
 any forward-looking statements except as required under applicable law.
 Please also note that Shidia's earnings press release and this conference call includes
 discussion of un-authitive GAAP financial information as well as un-authitive non-GAAP
 financial measures.
 Trident's press release contains a reconciliation of the unaudited non-GAAP measures to the
 on audited most directly comparable
 get measured.
 We also posted a link in the description below.
 Thank you.
 We posted a slide presentation on our IR website, providing details on our results for the
 We will reference those results in our prepared remarks but will not refer to specific slides
 during our discussion.
 I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Min Luo.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call.
 Amid fast-evolving market conditions in the third quarter, we continue to execute crude
 operational strategy
 in our cash credit business
 ensuring our
 asset quality
 at a stable level.
 The transactions volume for our loan book business
 decreased sequentially
 by
 2.1% to
 to 3.4 billion RMB in this quarter, and our own balance sheet, loan balance decreases
 officially by 40.4% to 3 billion RMB. During the quarter, we continued to make steady
 progress.
 class with our
 one in move
 kit business. As of December 12, 2021, we had seven centers operating in Xiamen, Fuzhou,
 Shanghai and the Shenzhen.
 or delivering high-quality, extra-career, curricular activities, services, and products to children and families.
 A ramp-up of Wanlimu Key Center is slower than expected during the COVID-19 resurgence.
 safety and health of the children, families, and staff in our center.
 We also fully support the recent government regulatory changes announced for the supplemental
 to the federal government.
 industry and will strictly comply with the applying cable regulation.
 moving forward
 we will continue to focus
 on improving
 the quality of our product and service
 while also exploring new investment and business opportunities.
 Now, I would like to turn the call over to CC.
 for more details
 on our results.
 Thank you, Ming.
 and good morning and good evening, everyone.
 Actually, we mean on our own book business.
 we continue to uphold
 rigorous standards for credit
 approvals in the third quarter.
 We focused new loan origination
 of better quality borrowers with stronger credit profiles.
 and our D1 delinquency rate
 continued to remain below 5% at the end of the quarter.
 Additionally, more than 99% of our outstanding loan balance were funded by our own capital.
 and our M1 plus delinquency coverage ratio
 remained high at 2.3 times.
 Looking ahead, we will continue to prudently operate our cash loan business
 while simultaneously pursuing new potential growth channels
 supported by our strong balance sheet.
 We believe we can continue to grow our overall business
 and deliver sustainable value to our shareholders over the long term.
 Now let me share with you some key financial results.
 In the interest of time, I will not go over them line by line.
 For a more detailed discussion of our third quarter 2021 results,
 please refer to our earnings press release.
 Our total revenues for the third quarter were going to be $347.4 million,
 representing a decrease of 59.1% from Airbnb $849.4 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 Our financing income
 totaled RMB 285.5 million, representing a decrease of 41.4% from RMB 487 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 as a result of the decrease
 in the average long balance sheet long balance.
 Loan facilitation income and other related income decreased by 95% to RMB 8.8 million
 from maybe $177 million for the third quarter of 2020
 as a result of the reduction in transaction volume
 of all financial loans during this quarter.
 Transaction service fee and other related income increased to maybe $20.9 million from maybe $6.6 million for the third quarter of last year, mainly as a result of the reassessment of variable consideration.
 Sales income and others decreased to maybe $7.3 million from maybe $139 million for the third quarter of 2020,
 mainly due to the decrease in sales related to the WANIMO e-commerce platform,
 which we are in the process of winding down.
 Self-commission fee decreased by 55.5% to maybe $8 million from maybe $18 million for the third quarter of 2020 due to the decrease in the amount of merchandise credit transactions.
 Our cost of revenues decreased by 47.4% to RMB, $104.6 million,
 for maybe $198.8 million for the third quarter of 2020,
 primarily due to the decrease in costs associated with the loan book business
 and a decrease in cost of goods sold
 related to WANIMU e-commerce platform.
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 49.3% to RMB, $32.9 million,
 from maybe $64.8 million for the third quarter of last year,
 primarily due to the decrease in marketing promotional expenses.
 General and administrative expenses increased by 170.4% to RMB 157.7 million.
 from renminbi 58.3 million for the third quarter of 2020
 as a result of the increase in staff salaries primarily relating to one and more kids' business.
 Research and development expenses decreased by 21.6% to renminbi $40 million.
 Farm rate would be $51 million for the third quarter of last year.
 as a result of the decrease in staff salaries.
 net loss attributable to 3DN's shareholders
 was going to be 94.2 million.
 And our non-GAAP net losses attributable to children's shareholder was going to be $99 million for this quarter.
 With that, I will conclude my prepared remarks.
 We will now open the call to questions. Operator, please go ahead.
 Certainly. Participants who wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced. If you would like to withdraw a question, please press the pound or hash key.
 For the benefit of all participants on today's call,
 if you wish to ask your question to the management
 in Chinese, please immediately repeat your question in English.
 Star followed by one to ask a question.
 Thank you.
 Your first question comes from the line of Frank Zhang from Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, management, for taking my questions.
 This is Franklin from Quidditch.
 I have two questions.
 The first one is on the WANI MO kids program.
 Could you please provide more color on how many more in the pipeline maybe in the next year?
 And also, how's the payback period applied currently, as well as the unit economics?
 And the second question is on cost of revenue.
 but I noticed that on a sequential basis,
 cost revenue increase.
 Can you maybe break down a little bit on what's driving the increase?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Frank.
 Thanks for the questions.
 so to address your first question
 with regard to our Wally Mookie's business.
 we actually had
 three centers in operation during the third quarter
 and seven centers now.
 there will be over 10 centers in the pipeline
 for next year.
 The performance, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, is not as good as we expected
 because of the on-and-off regional COVID breakout.
 you know when we see positive COVID cases in the city
 these activity centers are the first ones to be shut down
 and the last one to be opened.
 And therefore, our centers have been shut down for almost a two-month period during the third quarter because of COVID.
 it.
 So, and once a center got cooled down because COVID,
 down because of COVID, we need another two or three months to heat it up again.
 It's really hard to answer the question regarding to payback periods and the stabilized UE because we are not in that stage yet.
 and our current imminent goal is to bring our centers to break even points as soon as possible
 before we do any further expansion.
 hope that answers the question
 With regard to our cost of revenues, just a moment, please.
 so the cost of revenue
 is because we didn't provide
 the breakdowns in our
 on things
 as the segment reporting is not required under certain accounting rules.
 but the majority of the increase of cost of revenues
 is because of, you know,
 when we do the
 one-on-one kids' business, we have to
 higher teachers and instructors in our centers.
 So their costs are in the cost of revenue.
 Hope that answers question.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 once again
 If you wish to ask a question, please just dial 1 on your telephone.
 Thank you.
 as there are no further questions now
 I would like to turn the call over to the company for closing remarks.
 Thank you.
 So thank you, everyone, once again, for joining us today.
 is a relatively short call.
 if it has further questions
 please feel free
 to contact our investor relations team.
 Thank you.
 this concludes the conference call
 you may now disconnect your line
 Thank you.
 Thank you all.
 Thank you.