 Hello, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by for Kyrgyz's third quarter 2021
 learning conference call. At this time, all participants are listed in only mode after
 management's preferred remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 Today's conference is being recorded.
 I will now turn the call over to our host from QDN, please go ahead.
 Hello everyone, and welcome to 3rd quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 The company's results were issued via newswear services earlier today and were posted online.
 You can download the earnings press release and sign up for the company's distribution
 by visiting our website at irstockschedem.com.
 Mr. Mingluo, our founder, chairman, and chief executive officer, and Mrs. Zhu, our VP of
 investor relations. We'll start the call with prepared remarks, and then we will open the
 called Q&A. Before we continue, please note that today's discussion will come
 forward-looking statements made under the safe harbor provision of the U.S. private
 Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 Overlooking statements involve incurrent risks and uncertainties.
 As such, the company's results may be materially different from the views expressed today.
 Further information regarding this and other risks and uncertainties is included in the
 the COMPANYS-20F as filed with the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission.
 The company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements,
 except as recloud under applicable laws.
 Please also note that she did an earnings press release, and this conference call includes
 discussions of unauthentic gap financial information as well as unauthentic non-gap financial measures.
 Trident's press release contains a reconciliation of the unaudited non-gap measure to the unaudited
 the most directly comparable gas measures.
 We also post-seed a slide presentation on our IR website.
 providing details on our results for the quarter.
 We will reference those results in our prepared remarks, but will not refer to specific slides
 during our discussion.
 I will now turn the call over to our CEO Min-Woo.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call.
 amid fast-evolving market conditions in the third quarter,
 We continue to scale it.
 Good.
 operational strategy in our cash credit business,
 ensuring our asset quality at a stable level.
 The transactions volume for our loan book, business, decreases sequentially.
 by 2.1% to 3.4 billion RMB in this quarter.
 and our own balance sheet.
 long
 balance decreases sequentially by 40.4% to 3 billion R&D.
 during the quarter.
 We continue to make steady programs with our WaniMu Kids
 page in this.
 as of December 12, 2021.
 We had seven centers operating in Xiamen,
 Buddha, Shanghai, and the Sanctum.
 or deliver in high quality.
 extra
 career,
 Kalu-Kalikura
 activities, services, and products to children and families.
 A ramp-up of one remote case center is slower than expected
 during the COVID-19 resurgence,
 We are continuing to closely monitor ongoing
 COVID-19 conditions and proactively taking precautionary measures as our highest priority
 to ensure the safety and health of the children.
 families, and staff in our centers.
 We also fully support the recent government regularly changes amounted, announced for
 the support.
 All right.
 supplemental.
 learning industry and will strictly
 can prime with the prime cable regulation.
 Moving forward, we will continue to focus on improving
 the quality of our products and service.
 while also exploring new investment and business opportunities.
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Sissy for more details on our results.
 Thank you, ma'am.
 Good morning and good evening everyone.
 Echoing means on our own book business.
 we continue to uphold rigorous standards
 for credit approvals in the third quarter.
 We focus new long origination on better quality powers
 with stronger credit profiles.
 and our D1 delinquency rate.
 continue to remain below 5% at the end of the quarter.
 Additionally, more than 99% of our outstanding long balance
 were founded by our own capital. And our M1 plus delinquency coverage ratio remained
 at 2.3 times.
 Looking ahead, we will continue to prudently operate our cash loan business while simultaneously
 pursuing new potential growth channels.
 supported by our strong balance sheet.
 We believe we can continue to grow our overall business
 and delivers sustainable value to our shareholders
 over the long term.
 Now let me share with you some key financial results.
 In the interest of time, I will not go over them line by line.
 For a more detailed discussion of our third quarter 2021 results, please refer to our
 our earnings press release.
 Our total revenues for the third quarter will remember 347.4 million, representing a decrease
 of 59.1% from remaining 849.4 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 For financing income, totaled $285.5 million, representing a decrease of 41.4 percent from
 will be 487 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 as a result of the decrease in the average on balance sheet long balance.
 More facilitation income and other related income decreased by 95 percent to even be
 the A-Porn A million.
 from maybe $177 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 as a result of the reduction in transaction volume
 of all found sheet loans during this quarter.
 Transaction services fee and other related income increased to maybe 20.9 million from
 may be 6.6 million for the third quarter of last year.
 mainly as a result of the reassessment of variable consideration.
 The sales income in others decreased to 7.3 million, from 139 million for the third quarter of 2020.
 mainly due to the decrease in sales related to the Wanimui e-commerce platform,
 which we are in the process of winding down.
 Self-commissioned fee decreased by 55.5% to maybe 8 million, from maybe 18 million for
 was third quarter of 2020 due to the decrease in the amount of merchandise credit transactions.
 Our cost of revenues decreased by 47.4% to maybe 104.6 million, but maybe 198.8 million
 for the third quarter of 2020.
 primarily due to the decrease in costs associated
 with the loan book business.
 and a decrease in cost of goods sold,
 related to Wanlimu e-commerce platform.
 Sales in the marketing expenses decreased by 49.3 percent,
 to R&B, 32.9 million.
 Farmer would be 60 of 4.8 million for the third quarter of last year.
 due to the decrease in marketing promotional expenses.
 General and administrative expenses increased by 170.4% to remember the 157.7 million.
 and be 58.3 million.
 for the third quarter of 2020.
 as a result of the increase in staff salaries.
 primarily relating to one-in-one kids business.
 Research and development expenses decreased by 21.6% to remain be 40 million.
 Farmland may be 51 million for the third quarter of last year.
 as a result of the decrease in staff salaries.
 Net loss attributable to 3DN shareholders was going to be $94.2 billion.
 And our non-gap net losses attributable to trading shareholder was going to be $99 million
 for this quarter.
 With that, I will conclude my preparing remarks.
 We will now open the call to questions.
 Operator, please go ahead.
 said to me.
 Participants who wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced.
 If you would like to withdraw a question, please press the pound or hash key.
 For the benefit of all participants on today's call, if you wish to ask your question to
 the management in Chinese, please immediately repeat your question in English.
 It's star followed by one to ask you a question.
 Thank you.
 Your first question comes from the line of Frank Zhang from CrowdTwist, please go ahead.
 Thank you, management, for taking my questions.
 This is from Quiddus.
 I have two questions.
 The first one is on the 1-Emo Kids Program.
 Could you please provide more color on how many more in the pipeline maybe in the next
 here, and also how the payback here apply currently as well as the unit economics.
 The second question is on cost of revenue.
 I noticed that on sequential basis,
 cost revenue increase.
 Can you maybe break down a little bit
 on what's driving the increase.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Frank. Thanks for the questions.
 So, to address your first question with regard to our Wally Moon Kids business, we actually
 have a question for you.
 had three centers in operation during the third quarter and seven centers now, there
 There will be over 10 centers in the pipeline for next year.
 The performance, as we mentioned in our preparatory remarks, is not as good as we expected because
 of the on-and-off-visional COVID breakout.
 you know, when we see positive COVID cases in the city.
 These activity centers are the first ones to be shut down.
 and the last one to be opened.
 and therefore our centers have been shut down
 for almost a two-month period during the third quarter,
 because of COVID.
 So, our, and once a center got cooled down, because COVID, we need another two or three
 months to heat it up again. It's really hard to answer the question regarding to payback
 periods and the stabilized UE because we are not in that stage yet.
 And our current imminent goal is to bring our centers to break even points as soon as possible before we do any further expansion.
 I hope that answers your questions.
 regard to our cost of revenues. Just a moment, please.
 So the cost of revenue is because we didn't provide the breakdowns in our earnings as the
 The second reporting is not required under certain accounting rules, but the majority
 of the increase of cost of revenues is because of, you know, we, when we do the volume of
 kids business, we have to hire teachers and instructors in our centers. So their costs
 are in the cost of revenue, but I hope that answers the question.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you
 Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone.
 Thank you
 As there are no further questions, now I would like to turn the call over to the company
 for closing remarks.
 Thank you.
 So thank you, everyone, once again for joining us today.
 It's a relatively short call.
 If you have further questions, please feel free to contact our Invest Relations team.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect your line. Thank you. Thank you all.