 Thanks very much and good morning, everyone.
 Welcome to our third quarter 2017 conference call.
 Joining me today is our CFO, Krista Davies.
 Before beginning the discussion on our Q3,
 in your day results.
 I'd like to pause for a moment to reflect on the recent catastrophic events that have
 have impacted various communities and millions of individuals around the world.
 our sincere condolences.
 to families who are enduring this trauma, to business owners forced to rebuild, and
 And to those who remain at risk or without sufficient resources, we are very fortunate
 that our 3,000 colleagues and their families across 30 AON offices directly affected by
 the series of events were safe.
 During times of tragedy and devastation, it is heartening to see my colleagues from across the firm
 rise up and unite to help their neighbors, fellow colleagues, and clients.
 and is also a part of the Red Cross investing in their disaster relief efforts to respond
 in times of need and offering volunteer work on the ground to the millions of individuals
 personally affected.
 I can't begin to express enough gratitude to my Aon colleagues and our partners who put
 tremendous effort during a time of such human need.
 With all hands on deck, we are fully focused on supporting our clients and our colleagues
 to the continued aftermath of these events.
 Now, referencing back to the specific topic of this call,
 We'd like to highlight that there were slides available
 on our website, feel a follow along
 with our commentary today.
 as we discussed some prior calls.
 Allen's current position is the result of a proven decade-long strategy that focuses
 on aligning our portfolio solutions
 our clients highest priorities in the arenas of risk, retirement and health.
 We've taken significant steps to get here.
 Earlier this year, we completed a domestic share of our outsourcing platform, which provides
 of further catalysts for our strategy and actions to deliver substantial shareholder
 value.
 three billion of additional capital to accelerated investment in emerging client needs and in
 and our UN United Operating Model.
 we expect to substantially strengthen our firm even further.
 We're already seeing improvement in our growth profile.
 driven by investments in high-growth, high-margin areas across our portfolio.
 For example, our organic growth has accelerated year-to-date from 2% in 2015 to 3% in both
 2016, and now 2017.
 And we're taking further steps to unite AI with investments to progress toward a single
 global business services operating model increasing
 Now, it's efficiency and connectivity.
 and through one global P&L, encompassing all of Aon's industry-related capabilities.
 helping us deliver all of global land to our clients
 in their local markets.
 Now, turn into the corner on page 5 of the presentation.
 Consistent with previous quarters.
 I'd like to cover two areas before turning the call of the crystal for further financial
 First is our performance against key metrics we communicate to shareholders.
 Second, overall growth performance, including continued areas of strategic investment.
 On the first topic, our performance versus key metrics.
 Each quarter we measure our performance against the key metrics we focus on achieving over
 for the course of the year.
 organically, expand margins, increase earnings per share,
 and deliver free cash flow growth.
 in the third quarter.
 organic revenue growth is 2% overall.
 by strong growth in re-insurance and retirement solutions.
 Operating margin, increase 170 basis points.
 primarily reflecting savings from investments in our AM United Operating Model and core
 for operational improvement.
 increased 18% to $1.29, reflecting both strong operating performance and effective capital
 management.
 And finally, fleet cash flow decreased $881 million year-to-day by narrowly reflecting
 tax statements related to the divestiture.
 Overall, 2-3 with a quarter of continued progress, with year-to-date results reflecting 3% organic revenue growth,
 170 basis points of margin improvement and 17% EPS growth heading into our seasonally
 strongest quarter of the year.
 Turn into slide seven.
 the second topic of organic growth and strategic investments. Organic revenue growth was 2%
 overall in the third quarter.
 And as I mentioned earlier, on a year-to-date basis, organic growth and growth was 3%.
 if I can grow up across all five revenue lines
 with particular strength and health
 and re-insurance solutions.
 reflected now on each of our core growth platforms.
 to measure the solutions.
 Organic revenue growth declined one percent, against a strong comparable of four percent
 growth in the five year quarter.
 The parioquial included a benefit from certain one-time items.
 On average globally,
 Explosures are modestly positive, and the impact from pricing is modestly negative.
 results in a relatively stable market impact overall.
 Our results in the quarter reflect modest growth internationally across Amia, Asia and the
 specific, driven by strong new business generation and management of our renewal book portfolio.
 results-based headwind from the timing of certain items.
 Given recent catastrophic events and significant industry challenges, our global teams prioritized
 helping clients with immediate action plans, claims processing, and recovery efforts in
 in the quarter.
 Overall, we believe the results in commercial solutions for the third quarter reflect a
 kind of...
 and so unfavorable timing and events.
 in our seasonally smallest quarter against the strong comparable in the prior year.
 We believe the underlying results are better viewed on a year-to-date basis,
 and we would expect the poor corridor to show growth in our season strongest quarter.
 Inventory and solutions.
 Organic revenue growth is 7%.
 and acceleration from flat in the prior year quarter.
 I would note this is the second consecutive quarter of the highest level of organic revenue
 growth achieved in a re-insurance business in five years.
 reflects growth across every major area, including tree placements, capital markets, transactions,
 and...
 faculty of placements.
 We saw a particular strength in treaty placements.
 to my record new business generation,
 including several new clients to Aon, and a modest benefit
 from reinstatement clean-ins following the recent events.
 Results were partially offset by modest unfavorable market impact, primarily in the Americas.
 In retirement solutions.
 Organic revenue growth was 5% and acceleration from 4% in the prior quarter.
 We saw continued strong growth in investment consulting, including double-digit growth
 delegated investment management solutions reflected in
 increase in client demand for Aon's tailored solutions and effective advice, as well as
 an increase in performance fees for outperforming benchmark returns.
 assets under management and delegating
 management continue to trend upward reaching $118 billion in the third quarter.
 We also saw solid growth in our talent practice, primarily from compensation survey and benchmarking services.
 In health solutions, organic revenue growth was 2%.
 We saw strong growth in health and benefits programs including double-digit new business
 with particular strength in the U.S. and Latin America.
 in America.
 are personally offset by a decline in project-related work in healthcare exchange business.
 On a year-to-date basis, organic revenue growth was 7% and acceleration from 4% in the prior year.
 In data and analytics services, organic revenue growth was 3%.
 Results primarily reflect growth in our affinity business
 with particular strength in the U.S.
 Local U.S. Affinity was highlighted by continued strong performance in pet and financial solutions,
 as well as a modest increase in claims processing
 and our flood business following the recent activity.
 Now, turn into slide eight to discuss areas of strategic investment.
 are navigating an increasingly volatile world where economic, demographic and geopolitical
 forces combined with the exponential pace of technology change are all converging to
 to create a challenging new reality for businesses.
 has a strong crack record of allocating capital to developing innovative first-to-market solutions
 to help solve problems and create differentiated value
 in response to specific client needs.
 We're investing organically and to remunerate across our portfolio in areas such as dating
 analytics in our end point and review businesses.
 Fiber risk advisory to the recent acquisition of Strauss-Rieber.
 Affinity in multiple areas across the business.
 Health and elected benefits brokerage through the recent acquisitions of ADNICS in Latin America and the universe.
 health care exchanges where we offer the broadest set of solutions in health, geographically
 with the pending acquisition of UMG,
 reinforcing our industry-leading position in the Netherlands.
 And finally, in delegating investment management solutions, a business with rapidly growing
 client demand.
 In the third quarter, we announced the pending acquisition of the Townsend Group, a leading
 global provider of industrial management and advisory services primarily focused on real
 Townsend significantly expands our investment capabilities
 abilities by bringing greater depth of expertise in real estate and real estate assets to AOMS
 distribution scale and through this ability to provide more attractive alternative private
 market asset capabilities to our clients.
 Overall, our strategic investments in high growth areas and in data and analytics are
 improving the firm's long-term growth profile driven by new business generation, strong
 retention rates and increased operating leverage across the portfolio.
 summary.
 During
 quarter, where clients and colleagues need, where our immediate
 priority.
 We delivered strong operational improvement and double-digit earnings growth, reflecting
 increased operating leverage and performance on new initiatives.
 In addition to the year-to-date return of approximately $2.1 billion of capital to shareholders
 to share repurchase and dividends.
 Looking forward, we expect a strong finish of the year.
 with continued momentum amplified by an unmatched level
 investment, driving the next wave of innovation for clients and substantial
 for our shareholders.
 If you're not pleased to turn the call over to Krista,
 who's here to financial review?
 Good morning.
 I was wondering if you could just talk about on organic growth,
 what drove the decline in commercial risk solutions.
 I think you mentioned some timing issues and do you expect that to rebound going forward?
 And then, second, could you just talk about your outlook for P&C Insurance Pricing?
 pricing post the active third quarter hurricane season?
 Sure.
 As we described, first of all, remember, this is our two-thirds, our smallest quarter
 sort of over the course of the year heading into our strongest quarter in the fourth quarter.
 I talked about a strong comparable, you know, from the Q3 last year at 4% and essentially
 said the timing was really showing up in Q1 and Q3, so we don't expect anything coming
 back in Q4, but what we really tried to highlight is kind of, if you look at our results, not
 not just in commercial risk, but really overall in kind of the year-to-date perspective, this
 This is really what we think is sort of the best assessment overall in terms of where
 we are.
 That's what we essentially said.
 think about year-to-date Q3, 15, 16, and 17, we've gone from 2% in 15 to 3, in 16, 3,
 and we believe we can continue to accelerate that over time.
 So we see Q3 as a little bit of an anomaly in the context of all that.
 Pricing piece.
 I thought you might forget that.
 This is for anybody.
 Listen, on the pricing side, obviously a lot has been written and talked about.
 I'll give you a look.
 There's just a continuous to be a tremendous amount
 of uncertainty out there.
 The ultimate loss is unclear, kind of where they all check out from time to time.
 just look at the ranges that have been published.
 You know, it's been astronomical in terms of sort of how they've come in.
 I would say from our standpoint, look, we still sit in a very well-capitalized industry
 overall, you know, we've described while substantial, more on the more of an earnings
 event versus a balance sheet event, in terms of sort of where we are over time, but I would
 highlight from Aon's perspective, we see this very much on a client-by-client basis.
 We've invested in substantial data and analytics over time to put us in what we believe is
 a great position to help our clients, particularly in these kinds of environments, if you look
 of what we do with our client training, for example.
 These are the types of investments that, you know,
 frankly, reduce risk for clients and create opportunity for them.
 So, from my standpoint, it's going to be,
 There's going to play out over time, Sarah.
 There's no specific answer at this point, and we're going to take it client by client
 is it evolves over time.
 Okay, thank you
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Dave Stibill from Jeffreece.
 I might add, I might add to that, Dave, but you look at it, if you just,
 Chris just highlighted literally Q3 year-to-date results, Q3 2017.
 If you did the exact same question in Q2, we're better against each one of those metrics
 as you go from Q2 to Q3.
 So, you know, it's plus 14 as Christopher described
 and year at AQ3, the year at AQ2 was up 12%,
 about 170 basis points here at AQ3.
 That was 160 basis points year at AQ2, up 17% EPS,
 and that was that same number of 16% in Q2.
 So it's actually, you know, a nice progression.
 and as we described it, you know, don't overplay it,
 but a quarter of progress in terms of where we are
 What you're seeing is really core performance and operating leverage increasing as we continue
 to invest in the global business services platform.
 No, and from our standpoint, listen, we've actually done 19 acquisitions signed close to your date,
 and as Christopher described, over a billion committed,
 on the M&A front. We see, again, real opportunities here to add content capability to the overall
 portfolio, as you've heard us say multiple times, so I'll repeat it here again today.
 We take a very, very disciplined approach to this.
 Christus put in place a return on an investing capital framework.
 cash-on-cash return, nothing gets through that framework, and in essence, the benchmark
 is buyback, which we believe is a very, very attractive investment.
 that when we find opportunities that exceed buyback, we invest in those and there's a
 a very substantial robust pipeline, a lot of opportunities out there and we see these
 is kind of add on acquisitions to the young family that add content capability that we
 can scale.
 That's a terrific example of that.
 You know, be the terrific example of that.
 adnix in Latin America, terrific example of that.
 So lots of different opportunities for us out there,
 you can see us invest along the framework I described.
 that thanks in final and towns and will that deal be fully in the fourth quarter?
 I really like, Adam, not only do we like the financial characteristics, but what drives
 that is really the underlying client capability and content
 characteristics and each of those bring a unique capability to the table and
 and we can then scale that across the firm.
 firm.
 back to the idea of kind of the catalyst, which is really the, as we saw the outsourcing
 business, it generates another level of investment we can put back into the business, both on
 the acquisition side, as well as investing in global business services across the strength
 in the firm.
 It really is, we think, a unique opportunity over the coming two to three years when we
 We think about capital employment.
 Okay, thanks for the like guys.
 on the possible opportunities coming with possible price changes.
 First of all, Mike, I'm going to step back.
 as I described when Sarah asked her question at the beginning, for us a lot of uncertainty
 out there as to what's going on, that means there's uncertainty for our clients and
 That is actually the wheelhouse of Aeon.
 content capability, analytics we've invested in over time, it literally puts us in a tremendous
 position, help clients understand risk, measure risk, and mitigate risk, and that's really
 what we're doing.
 I want to also emphasize the investment we're making back into the firm is a substantial
 investment. It involves restructuring, but it's also
 to investment in a number of areas to strengthen our firm,
 in technology, things we're doing on the real-estate front
 to create greater client areas to bring our colleagues together.
 So a lot's going on across Aon, but it is all fundamentally to make Aon a stronger engine,
 any stronger firm to serve clients.
 So I'd go the exact opposite.
 what we're doing is strengthening our firm
 to support clients over time, and this is another example of a very high stress time
 for clients so we can be helpful to them.
 So I'd see exactly the opposite to us.
 this is an opportunity to invest the strength in the firm, and that's in fact exactly what
 were exactly what we're doing.
 That's great.
 I appreciate that.
 But it sounds like you're...
 pretty confident that brokers won't get distracted
 or whatever by the destruction, by the destruction.
 And that's, you know, that's what Aion's all about, so don't see any concern there at
 all.
 Wonderful. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 from Paul Newsom from Sandler O'Neill.
 or your line.
 It's a terrific question and you know we've talked about that, the industry has talked
 about that.
 of these types of events highlight, literally, sort of individuals and companies that are,
 you know, quite literally uncovered in sort of events and times of trauma.
 I would say at AON we think about it a little bit differently from a kind of a protection
 gap. If you think about this from the side of a client or an individual customer, you
 You know, we're essentially saying, you know, we have a gap out there in order for you to
 to actually be in a better position,
 just buy more of our product.
 We look at it differently.
 We look at it literally as think about how capital gets deployed, are there more efficient
 wasted, deployed capital across the risk spectrum, and we believe there actually is.
 and there are different products and innovations that come with that.
 And so our view is, when you think about kind of the world of risk out there and you, you know,
 recognize sort of how little the penetration is around the world, there's just tremendous
 opportunities to actually strengthen and build upon that.
 Not just the existing lifts like Flood, which is an obvious one, but the new lifts like
 cyber.
 If you think about cyber right now, you know, there's $150 billion of loss in the U.S. last
 reported loss in cyber in $2.5 billion and $3 billion in premium.
 The laws in Europe which are going to come into effect in May, June of 18 are going to
 create another wave of reported loss.
 how we respond to that to support clients
 is really a function of how we innovate as an industry.
 And it's also true for the more, you know, the more,
 and a straightforward coverage is like flood,
 and which we've got to respond with innovation
 to actually make that more attractive,
 different than the current product we've got right now.
 So we believe there's a very strong set of opportunities
 to increase the penetration really,
 serve clients more effectively as they understand, measure, and mitigate risk, but it's going
 to require our industry to innovate in order to make that happen.
 Thanks.
 That's helpful.
 When we look at it, we do see its substantial growth fully driven by client needs.
 Again, if you think about literally just the $450 billion of reported loss in the U.S.,
 I'm saying the U.S. because most of it was U.S. reported.
 That begs the question, is there just no cyber in Europe?
 who there is.
 So why is it, you know, why is it so much smaller, it's the function of the laws.
 are going to change.
 Cyber is going to go to a number, which is some many multiples of that, so we see tremendous
 ...
 opportunity to help clients understand and deal with cyber.
 And it's been a source of growth for us.
 will continue to be a source of growth for us.
 were privileged to be the, you know, the largest place
 of this around the world and we're doubling down our investment in it.
 Having said that, our industry, including Aeon, need to continue to innovate on behalf
 of clients in this category.
 So we see this as a substantial opportunity because it's a substantial source of risk
 Yeah, I want to, at least thanks for the question.
 and I'll start on the revenue side
 and Christie, you can pick up the margin piece.
 First of all, on the revenue side, much like we talked about sort of the, you know,
 We would look at the quarter, we'd look at kind of year-to-date, you know, we're kind
 5% year to date, we think that's actually great progress.
 I would come back reflecting on multiple calls over the last few years and just highlight again.
 We just have a superb team on the re-insurance side.
 They are tremendously well positioned to support clients who are agnostic on the overall approach
 We're essentially helping our clients, again, think about ways to understand and control
 volatility.
 And what you saw this quarter, at least, really was record new business on the treaty side.
 And, you know, this was existing clients, but also with new clients to AON as we gained market share in the Serena.
 Also, you know, we're number one in treaty, number one in faculty replacements, the number
 and insurance lick securities, et cetera.
 So we've just got an exceptionally strong position.
 This team has also taken great efforts to expand the marketplace.
 If you think about what we've done on the mortgage side and literally created
 net new markets in an arena that hadn't existed before.
 So what you see on the re-insurance front
 It's just continued progress from an exceptional team.
 And again, I've had clients that have lots of need out there to understand and deal with
 of volatility, which is increasing over time.
 So it's just been terrific progress from a very, very strong team in this context.
 In terms of impact on margin, Chris,
 to call back over to grad case for closing remarks.
 I just want to thank everybody for being part of the call today and look forward to our
 conversation next quarter.
 Thanks, sir.