 Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us.
 On today's call, I will review our 2016 accomplishments,
 Outline our 2017 strategic and operational objectives.
 discuss our capital spending plans
 production outlook for the next two years, and I will conclude with an update of our
 Alpine High Play.
 First, I'd like to step back and take stock of the last two years and how we have repositioned
 the patchy.
 The collapse in commodity prices, which began in 2014,
 required a strategic response to improve the company's financial standing and our operational
 capabilities and to position Apache to thrive as prices recover.
 We have accomplished all of that and more.
 The cornerstone of our approach has been strict capital discipline and cost structure rationalization,
 Both of which have significantly improved the quality and economics of our underlying inventory,
 as well as our ability to access and exploit its value
 for the future.
 We accomplish this through a rigorous and more centralized
 process for capital allocation, a more detailed, long-term planning process, and through significant
 cost reductions in our operations and in our overhead structure.
 For example, we significantly reduced activity
 onshore North America were costs were not aligned with lower commodity prices, dropping
 from 91 rigs in the third quarter of 2014 to eight rigs a year in 2016.
 And since 2014, we drove down average onshore well costs
 by 30 to 40 percent across key plays in North America.
 Our LOE per BLE is down 24% and we have reduced our gross overhead cost structure by more
 than $300 million.
 As a result of these efforts, we were able to preserve our dividend, avoid issuing equity,
 and maintain our investment grade rating.
 We are now well prepared for a more constructive, albeit lower price environment than prior
 to the downturn. With the proven quality of our Midland Basin acreage and the recent
 edition of the Alpine High in the Delaware Basin.
 We have an inventory capable of delivering robust organic growth for many years, so some
 Some commodity price softness may continue.
 We are...
 comfortable increasing our capital investments, which will leverage the quality of our inventory
 in the progress we have made on costs over the last two years.
 Now let me recount some of our key 2016 accomplishments.
 This was an exceptional year for Apache and another step forward in the positive transformation
 of the company.
 We exceeded our original production target, significantly lowered our cost structure and
 discovered an enormous new resource play in the Delaware Basin at Alpine High.
 Our operational improvements and exploration successes have positioned the company to deliver
 returns focused growth for many years to come.
 On this call last year, I outlined a series of strategic and operational objectives designed
 to guide the company through a potentially lower for longer commodity price environment.
 be delivered on all of them.
 Most notably, we focused our North American capital,
 on strategic testing and completion optimization,
 And in doing so, significantly expanded our economic drilling inventory and demonstrated
 our ability to deliver well results better than offset operators.
 We work to streamline our North American portfolio through new acreage leasing, trades, and sales.
 We now have a more concentrated and contiguous position in the Permian Basin.
 We continue to drive across deficiencies throughout the organization and achieve the
 a 16% reduction in LOE for BOE from 2015.
 And we began the year with a conservative budget, which
 enabled us to increase activity levels late in the year as commodity prices improved.
 All of these efforts were necessary to position Apache for a strengthening commodity price
 environment. Our long-term focus has
 consistently been on delivering fully burdened returns focused growth.
 in the lower quality price environment,
 allocating capital toward our free cash flow positive assets in the UK, North Sea and Egypt
 while investing in exploration was the optimal use of our capital.
 as commodity prices strengthen,
 deploying a greater proportion of our capital
 into developing our world class onshore North American
 assets is better.
 Our objective going forward will be to deliver returns focused growth
 And our plan to support this objective includes budgeting conservatively and maintaining flexibility
 to accelerate activity if warranted.
 Continuing our focus on cost and well optimization to maintain the structural efficiency to achieve
 over the last two years.
 Increasing capital allocation to the Midland and Delaware basins where we have an extensive
 high-quality inventory.
 Initiating an optimized development program at Alpine High.
 Investing.
 to sustain long-term free cash flow generation from Egypt and the North Sea.
 And finally, actively managing our portfolio and redeploying capital to higher value opportunities.
 Now, I'll turn to the 2017-2018 capital budget.
 Our capital budget for this year is $3.1 billion, which is up more than 60% from 2016.
 Our 2017 plan assumes $50 for Beryl WTI, $51 for Beryl for Brent Index Crew, $3.15 for
 for MCF or NIMEX natural gas, and $5.25 per MCF or UK index gas.
 At these price levels, our capital program will exceed anticipated operating cash flow.
 The gap will be covered by proceeds from non-core asset sales, $400 million of which has already
 occurred.
 And a real...
 of prices at the current strip.
 We have also put in place some oil-priced hedges to protect against downside price movements.
 Steve will cover these in more detail.
 detail.
 The 2017 capital plan allocates nearly two-thirds or $2 billion to the Permian Basin.
 of this amount.
 90% will be directed to the Midland and Delaware Basins.
 This includes approximately $500 million
 for infrastructure construction at Alpine High,
 which will fund multiple pipeline connections
 along with the necessary compression,
 gathering, centralized processing facilities, and tank batteries that will more than accommodate
 our planned volume rate.
 Internationally, we will invest to sustain long-term free cash flow generation in Egypt
 and the North Sea.
 Total international spending represents approximately $900 million, or 29 percent of our 2017 budget.
 split fairly evenly between Egypt and the North Sea.
 We have also included $37 million for an exploration well in CERNAM, which we expect to spud next week.
 Outside of Suriname, our 2017 International Opportunity Set is primarily focused on development
 drilling and lower risk, step out exploration, where we have a long-standing track record
 of success.
 We are particularly excited about two exploration concessions that we recently received in
 the western desert of Egypt.
 our first award there in over 10 years.
 Should commodity prices further improve during the year and cash flows allow
 Incremental capital will be allocated primarily to the Midland and Delaware Basin.
 Turning briefly to 2018, our preliminary capital outlook is for $3.2 billion of investments.
 This program is supported by anticipated volume growth and higher planned prices for 2018.
 Like 2017, our 2018 plan will be heavily weighted toward Permian investment.
 Our 2017 and 2018 plan capital program will initiate a significant and prolonged production
 and girlfriend.
 I would note to the
 .
 Specifically, the magnitude of our anticipated production growth in the Midland and Delaware
 patients.
 to assist in the production outlook discussion.
 We have provided a series of slides on pages 22 to 26.
 and our financial and operational review.
 issued this morning with our earnings results.
 This includes a production forecast through the end of 2018.
 While a capital program has increased, reflect the objective of delivering long-term, return-spocus
 through.
 The production response will have a brief lag before transitioning to a strong growth trajectory.
 We anticipate total production will decline to approximately 372 to 384,000 DOE's per day
 in the second quarter of 2017.
 This will be a result of three primary drivers.
 In preparation for the start-up of our caliber discovery in the third quarter of 2017, we
 We have accelerated our annual North Sea maintenance turnarounds into the second quarter.
 These turnarounds are in the second quarter, and we have accelerated our annual North Sea
 would typically occur later in the year.
 We have significant gas plant maintenance downtime scheduled in Canada for the second quarter of 2017 and
 And, investment in our lowest margin North American assets was severely curtailed over
 in the last two years, and these assets are currently
 in decline.
 Importantly, none of this projected decline is in our higher-margin Midland Basin production,
 despite very low activity levels last year.
 In the second half of the year, the North Sea
 should rebound sharply with a startup of calendar.
 More notably, North America will begin a rapid
 and relatively consistent quarterly growth ramp,
 which should continue through the end of 2018 and beyond.
 This will be driven primarily by the combination
 of accelerating oil production in the Midland Basin
 and the startup of Alpine High in the Delaware Basin.
 Our projected oil growth in the Midland Basin is underpinned
 by the impressive performance we are seeing
 in our most recent vintage wells.
 Tim Sullivan will provide more detail on our Midland Basin Wells and his remarks.
 At Alpine High, we anticipate having our first major sales line connection by July.
 Well connections and facilities commissioning will take place through the end of the year accompanied by a material ramp in wet gas production
 To put some numbers around our two-year growth profile, we expect total company production
 to increase by approximately 10% annually from the fourth quarter of 2016 to the fourth
 quarter of 2018.
 Our Midland and Delaware Basin Assets are projected to grow at a compound annual rate
 of 50 percent over the same time and drive the vast majority of Apache's overall production
 increase.
 Oil production growth in the Midland and Delaware will also be very strong with an annual growth rate of approximately 18%.
 We are very confident that Apache's portfolio can deliver on our production expectations through the end of 2018 and beyond.
 We are seeing outstanding drilling results in the middle basin and Alpine High continues
 to surprise us to the upside.
 With that, I will conclude with a brief update on the Alpine High Play
 and review our next steps as we begin to phase in well-optimization
 and field development activities.
 Since first announcing Alpine High last September, we have made tremendous progress delineating the plate.
 We have confirmed several things thus far.
 We have an extensive play fairway which spans 55 miles and a 5,000 foot vertical column
 encompassing five geologic formations, each with multiple targets.
 The hydrocarbon phase of this column ranges from dry gas to wet gas to oil.
 The entire alpine high fairway is over-pressured, with higher pressure gradients to the north and to the south.
 We have a second landing zone in the Woodford Formation and most likely a third.
 We have productivity in the Pennsylvanian formation and in the southern portion of the play
 we have encountered the entire hydrocarbon column and proven productivity in the wood
 for.
 These results, we now believe that Alpine High's resource and location count has increased
 significantly since last September.
 and we haven't changed our view on well economics.
 we will provide updates to these numbers in the future.
 Importantly, we are beginning to optimize our wells
 using customized zone targeting, larger frags,
 And in some cases, longer laterals.
 Combined with multi-well pad drilling,
 We are confident this will demonstrate the economic value
 of the wet gas interval of our pine high over the coming months.
 We continue to refer to alpine high as a wet gas plate because that is what we have confirmed thus far as
 As we have previously noted, we are delineating from the bottom up and this process is not yet complete.
 This is a prolific wet gas play from which we expect a minimum of 3,000 rollable locations.
 A significant enhancement to the economics of the source rock interval at Alpine High
 is the lack of water in the target formations.
 Once these wells produce the frack load,
 Water production declined sharply,
 which results in significantly lower operating costs.
 Additionally, the field development program is not constrained by the need for extensive
 water handling infrastructure.
 As a result, even in a lower commodity price environment, this play is going to be very
 economy.
 to midstream and marketing.
 Our efforts at Alpine High are advancing quickly.
 Because the play lies in an area with very little existing infrastructure, it provides
 the unique opportunity to design a green field
 fit-for-purpose system that optimizes processing and transportation of our production and will
 service output high for the full life of the field. For now we own 100% of the
 That's right.
 Is it a.
 allows us to control the pace and scope of the build-out.
 High is ideally situated with three major transportation lines located within 10 miles
 to the north and one major line to the south.
 The Waha Hub, which is located roughly 45 miles east of our acreage, provides additional
 options for access to a wide range of domestic markets.
 The location places us at the front of the line to deliver gas to Mexico, as well as being
 advantageously positioned with LNG and petrochemical markets on the Texas Gulf Coast.
 Contract negotiations are well underway and we see no near-term take-away constraints as we prepare for first gas and the follow-on production ramp.
 On the marketing front, we have been inundated with interest for both our natural gas and NGLs.
 Potential customers are looking for certainty of supply in the thick hydrocarbon bearing
 zones at Alpine High can provide it. In conclusion, Apache begins 2017 with an
 an excellent opportunity set.
 momentum will start to build around mid-year with increased contribution from our pad drilling
 in the Midland Basin and the commencement of first residue gas sales at Alpine High.
 The Permian Basin will clearly be the driver of strong growth in the second half of 2017
 through 2018 and well into the future.
 While commodity price volatility may not be completely behind us, we have come through
 the downturn with a very strong financial position and the ability to fund future growth
 through cash flow and portfolio high grades.
 We continue to have no desire to add leverage
 or dilute our equity on the issue.
 Over the last two years, Apache demonstrated
 that we can play very good defense.
 and we now look forward to showing you our offense.
 With the plans we have in place,
 We believe we will deliver highly competitive returns
 and talk to your perming and driven growth.
 I will now turn the call over to Tim.
 No John, I mean we took you know time and really over the last two years worked on our programs
 We focused on targeting there.
 there and we did a lot of core work and you know really zoned in on where do we
 You want to be landing the wells.
 I can tell you in general, we went back to higher fluid volumes.
 They are more stage numbers.
 We're closer together and we actually reduced our sand concentration significantly so it
 really is part of the optimization process.
 And we're very excited about the results, and we're
 Since we're flowing back in pads versus one well per section, we're very confident in those results.
 And it's really a tribute, you know, to the work that the team has done at the detail
 level and integrating core into the completion optimization process.
 Thank you.
 I mean, I think right now, most of it will be priced off of Waha, is how we're thinking about it.
 We're very early.
 The thing I think that we've seen is that on the longer term view, there's a need out
 there for supply and so I think we'll have some optionality and we're really starting
 to think about that and think longer term, you know, with larger volumes.
 Well, thanks Ed. Actually first and foremost, you know, we've been drilling kind of cookie cutter wells that are designed to test the rock in the stratigraphy.
 I think the important piece of information we brought forward was the overpressure to
 to the south.
 In fact, now if you look at the pressure gradient across the whole ploy in the bottom zone,
 It's all over-pressured.
 So clearly as we move to the far northwest, you know, you're deeper and there's even
 and more over pressure, but as we look back,
 So one well, we disclose a couple of different wells.
 But the Hedal go well.
 Actually, we believe we had to spud that well before we had the 3D in and we believe it is drilled in fact
 We now know it's not on the proper asthma.
 We've got a couple of wells coming that we're excited about,
 that will be on the proper asthma.
 But what was impressive to us was how flat the well has been.
 leveled off and hasn't budged and the water is continuing to come down.
 So we're very impressed with it.
 the pressure gradients were higher.
 And, you know, the thing that we've been able to see
 is the entire column as well.
 So if you look back, the process we've taken, you know,
 the very first wood for the wells were all in the middle part of the section.
 You know, we've now validated there's a strong upper zone.
 We believe there's a third landing zone as well
 the lower which will give you three landing zones in the Woodford alone and if I take you
 back to the Barclays disclosure in September of last year, we really assigned just one
 landing zone on part of our acreage to, you know, the Woodford and the Barnette.
 So ...
 I know everybody wanted big flow rates.
 We don't have the processing facilities in place yet to do that.
 And we're under flaring rules, and so drilling the longer
 add rolls with bigger frecks right now is just not the optimal use of our dollars, but we
 We are moving into a phase where, you know, we have line of sight now on connection to
 the gas markets where we can start to stretch some things out and actually start to demonstrate
 what we know this rock will do.
 So we're very excited to be shifting gears as we start into the optimization process.
 But bottom line on it is that there are many, many landing zones, a vast resource, and we're
 excited about the potential, you know, across the whole hydro column all the way from the
 the dry gas, the wet gas up into the oil zones, which we're about to get to.
 The last thing I'll say was at your conference last week,
 We said we have eight wells that are currently in process,
 it will be targeting shallower zones from 9,500 to 11,000 feet.
 So we know the gas gets richer and the, you know,
 The liquids content is going to go up,
 and we do anticipate seeing some oil as well.
 So we're excited.
 and then, you know, we're all watching the data,
 but the other big item obviously is getting this pipe in place,
 maybe just an update on the progress in terms of giving the infrastructure in place to be
 able to, you know, flow these wells a little bit more optimally.
 Well, we've got July circled on the calendar and, you know, we're obviously, you know,
 on a path to get there and, you know, the way we give guidance and things, I would expect
 we'd be able to make what was told you we'd be able to do.
 No, Scott.
 I mean, if you look at the well, it's still a lot of load coming back.
 I mean, most of these wells we've moved ESPs in early to get the water off of them.
 You know, you see a trend on that well that's coming down.
 As I mentioned, it's not on the optimal asthma, and we've seen that in some of the wells in
 and the other parts of the play,
 getting them on the right asthma,
 We'll make a difference as well.
 But we're absolutely thrilled with the well.
 And I think when you start to look at the curve
 realize that really from about day 33 on through, we're now over 100 days, you know, the thing
 has not budged, oil has been slowly coming down, and it is cutting a little bit of, you
 oil with it as well.
 So, we're very excited about it.
 I will reiterate, this is only a 3,300 foot lateral and we had, you know, a limited number
 of frack stages in the small fracks.
 So, and it's not on the optimal asthma.
 Well, there are different areas in terms of how the wells flow back.
 A lot of the wells we've run subs in early to get the water off of them.
 We've got some instances where they haven't needed them, and I think the different asthma
 will relate to a different profile on the water, higher IP, and obviously we think the
 productivity is going to go up when we optimize the fracks.
 So I think it will change, you know, the shape, you know,
 and the IP capacity of the well, and so forth,
 more than anything.
 Bob, at this point, it's a well we're very excited about.
 Block 53, we own 45% of.
 We've got two partners in there.
 The rig is on its way to location, you know, now as we speak, we should be spotting it
 probably late next week.
 As Tim said in his prepared remarks, it's probably a 70 days, you know, 10-week type
 wealth.
 I'll say it's an exploration well.
 It's a well we need to drill, we're excited about it and that's all we've really disclosed
 on it. I will also tell you we're working the 3D on block 58 which we have 100% are really
 thrilled about as well.
 So if I had my druthers, I might be drilling 58 first,
 but the timing is the opposite.
 But we're very excited about the Calibri prospect.
 And, you know, we'll come back with results in, you know, 70, 80 days roughly.
 It is a stretch wrap your next question is from Brian Singer with question is 17
 Well, what I would say, Brian, is overall our North American decline rate is probably
 on average about 20 percent. It's come down significantly over the last two years as we
 We have not, you know, been investing in a lot of those projects and plays, that's about
 where it would sit now.
 Some areas are a little heavier.
 some areas are a little lighter but you know in general that's kind of where
 that overall base decline rate would be today.
 as we start to go back to work in some of the other areas,
 and we'll be bringing on some higher decline stuff
 and it'll start to trend back.
 Yeah, it's you know with the international depending on your sin
 Then we pulled the third quarter turnaround in the North Sea after the second quarter,
 So it's going to be lumpy at times.
 We see relatively flat for our international
 over the next couple of years.
 You know, the one thing that drives Egypt is the price.
 and the way the production sharing contracts work,
 So you've seen our nets come down a little bit
 prices started to improve late last year and that's going to have a little bit of an impact
 because we look into the out years is depending on price.
 It's pretty stable when you made that comment.
 it is and it's also at the $50 price deck so you know what we stayed in there was
 with the sales that we have already in the house, over $400 million, and with worst
 strips would be today, that would cover dividend and everything.
 Well, what we've done, Arun, we gave you corporate-level numbers, we showed you kind of a North
 American production outlook, and then we really broke down the key driver, which is Midland
 Delaware. We showed you an overall number and we showed you the oil piece. What we did
 not show you is the liquid yield on the gas and quite frankly the alpine is going to be
 the driver there and you know the big thing is is by July of this year we'll
 We'll have facilities up and running.
 We can come back then and start to update, you know, the NGL yields and some of those
 things.
 also tell you that given the program we have today, you know, which is more wet gas driven
 with a lot of tests in the oil zone still yet to come.
 You know, we've got a pretty conservative mix dialed in.
 So, there's a good chance you get out, you know, to 18 or even later this year, we will
 We'll be updating those and giving them more color, but we didn't want to get into that
 until we really had the facilities up and running
 and could really shed some light on the NGLs.
 And quite frankly, we've got a lot of wells still yet to test that can make things over there.
 Your next question is from the law club, David.
 Well, the answer is absolutely, David.
 I mean, that's kind of the model we've taken.
 We did see the pumping pressure grow up in December.
 If you look at our overall wealth cost,
 and I can have Tim give some more color
 and just a second to kind of add on to what I'll say here.
 We have forecasted some inflation in total, probably around 10%.
 what we don't have dialed in as efficiencies.
 I think areas like Alpine High, where we're still very early,
 We've got a lot of room to move on the efficiency curve as we get in and drill these things.
 You know, quite frankly, a few of the laterals that we drilled in the upper zones, we were
 We were surprised that the pressure gradients were higher and we had to run some short rattles
 and we had originally planned.
 And so, as we learn those, we're gonna see things come down.
 But, you know, we've unbundled.
 Tim pointed out in his comments there that we've done some things on the frack cruise
 where we've indexed some portions with commodity price.
 So we're trying to get creative on how to make it a really a win-win as we work through this.
 but absolutely still unbundling, very confident,
 where our cost structure is.
 we've secured most of our services for the next couple of years so you know we
 feel good about what we've got in our numbers.
 Is there anything you want to add, Tim?
 capital going to that this year.
 There is a little bit, David, I mean, it's a cash cow for us.
 It's why we split it out from the numbers
 in terms of where the growth investment is.
 We're excited about, I mean, we remain optimistic
 and excited about the information platform.
 Quite frankly, with more cash flow,
 there's more projects to do there.
 but there are things we don't have to do.
 And so there's a fine line of balancing
 and one of the things that we should be doing
 versus what you can be doing.
 But, you know, we've got to slight decline there.
 It's much lower than the North American numbers that I gave, you know, well under 10% on average.
 And, you know, it's a significant source of volume and cash flow for us.
 You know, after Egypt, Egypt Central Basin Platform and North Sea are really the three
 cash drivers, cash generator, cash flow generators, you know, for the corporation right now.
 So an important part of our portfolio
 and the nice thing about it is the longevity.
 I mean Jeff it is built into that forecast right now. We've we've roped it in
 Now, I'll tell you, like we always do, we're going to guide and rame things that we feel
 like we can deliver so you know it's not our Permian that's just the Midland and
 Delaware. So I think there were a few folks that got that mixed up this morning in their
 notes and forgot that we've got 72,000 BOEs a day on the central basin platform, but that
 That is just the midland and Delaware basin curves.
 It does have alpine in it.
 I think it is a good look, a conservative look
 for us for right now.
 and it's liable to, you know, to get stronger
 and liable to get more oily.
 But I'll leave it for right now.
 Well, that's what we put out.
 Now that's going to be predominantly our Canadian assets and what we call our Houston
 region, which would be our conventional antidarco and our, you know, our Eagleford assets.
 So, it's heavily influenced by Canada, you know, as well as the, and I think we've got
 gum in there as well but there's just a much smaller volume back last year well
 I mean, at this point, we have not provided updates,
 Charles on either of those wells.
 We are in the area where we're seeing the DST,
 What I'll also tell you, though, is we had a lot of open hole above us, and yeah, that's
 where we obviously took a big, you know, pressure kick.
 We let it flow, flowed for about 10 days,
 was making 700 oil, you know, but we had a lot of column above us and, you know, we
 We showed in the Credit Swiss package that we thought that was probably in a more gassy
 regime. So, you know, we will see. There's a good chance that oil may be coming from
 some of the up-hole zones that also look fantastic as well.
 but, you know, the DST, you had open column,
 But that is where the tool was when we took the kick.
 So still to be determined as we delineate and get to that.
 to that.
 The other thing I would say there is, you know, if we've got more cash flow,
 That's going to be one of the first areas that you can see us pick up some more rigs and activity.
 I mean, Midland, Delaware are going to be the areas that you'll see, you know, if prices
 where to move up we have more cash flow that's where you just accelerate well
 Paul I mean I think of you lay out we spent $200 million last year we've
 We've laid out $500 million in the next two years.
 We're very excited.
 I mean, the first two phases of this
 going to take us several years in, you know, we will have a decision point to make on staying
 with Refridge, which is kind of the base case we have in the field right now, or do we go
 to cryo. But as I said, you know, on the earnings call last August, you know, we're
 We're not talking hundreds of millions of cubic feet of gas here today, we're talking
 multiple BCFs, a very rich gas, wet gas, NGLs, and, you know, we think there's going to
 be also a lot of all to go with it.
 So, you know, we're very excited about what we have in front of us.
 I think once we are able to get the processing equipment
 in the field and things running.
 you'll start to see some things in terms of lateral links,
 and we'll start to show you really what this resource is capable of doing.
 So, you know, we're very excited about it, and I think it's going to be a, you know,
 a big underpinning item for Apache or Permian for a long, long time.
 I'm assuming.
 Yeah, and what I'll say Paul is just look at what we've given you we've given you now look into the end of 18
 I've said it's likely conservative on what alpine and what our Permian can do.
 We gave you some location counts at Barclays.
 Barclays, we've come back now and so we've got a minimum of 3,000 confirmed locations
 in the wet gas window.
 You know, we will unfold more as it continues to progress, but, you know, we remain very
 Very optimistic.
 We're excited.
 One thing I'll say about this field is it gets bigger.
 you know, I know there was a little bit of a negative reaction to some of the
 rates because everybody's expecting us to be optimizing, scaling up our fraction things.
 But we're very pleased with where we are in the scope and scale of this field.
 has done nothing but get bigger since our initial
 disclosure in September of last year.
 If most of that were now got mile and a half to two miles dialed in, we did a lot of work
 over the last two years buttoning down some trades and most of the wells we're going to
 We're only drilling a mile and a half to two mile addles now.
 So, you know, we're excited about that as well.