 Welcome to Investor's Annual Accounts 2021 presentation.
 We're glad that you're joining us here today.
 and you can join us over the phone
 or over
 over the web on our website, InvestorAB.com.
 We will soon hear our CEO, Johan Foschel, and CFO, Helena Saxon, present the annual accounts.
 And after that, we will have a Q&A session, and you can pose your questions then over the phone, as usual, or also in the chat on the web.
 warm welcome and by that
 I hand over to you, Johan.
 Thank you, Vivica, and welcome to this quarterly result presentation.
 so if we start on the first stage
 And I think we, despite all the challenges that we had during the past year, we did in fact see a gradual improvement of the global economy during the year.
 And, of course, that in combination with the low interest rate environment also supported the stock market.
 And the strong equity market, of course, benefited investor.
 but even adjusting for that
 I think it's fair to say
 that 2021 was a very strong year for investor.
 during the year
 our net asset value group
 by more than 40%
 and I would hope to share the return.
 was up 55% and that
 can be compared with the stock market
 in Sweden being up 39%.
 And if we look on the corresponding figure for the fourth quarter,
 our net asset value was up 12%.
 and I would
 I took the share of the return.
 was up 21% and that
 can be compared with the stock market being up 12%.
 Importantly, I think that overall that our companies are delivering good operational performance.
 they have been able to really manage the challenges out there,
 not at least the pandemic and the supply chain-related challenges.
 on the listed companies
 a number of the companies
 I made important strategic
 acquisitions and investments
 during the year
 Within Patricia, a number of the companies have made sizable add-on acquisition, and I will come back to that later on.
 The investment in IKT developed strongly during the year and was up more than 100%.
 and the cash flow at $4.8 billion was the second best in the history.
 we sharpen our climate targets
 and we are continuously putting high effort in sustainability,
 putting in our value creation plans
 and especially of course
 an extra focus
 is on the
 energy transitions that
 affect the number of our companies.
 due to the strong performance during the year
 and also the strong financial position that we have with the leverage of less than 2%.
 the board decided to increase the dividend per share from 350 to 4 krona, which is an increase of 14%.
 So, a few words about the listed companies.
 The total share the return was up
 44% in 21
 and it was up 11% in the fourth quarter.
 the priorities there
 for these companies are
 sustainability, including
 the energy transition, innovation, technology development
 and then talent management and succession planning.
 And we are spending a lot of time, of course, on making sure we have the right people in the boards, in the management teams, in our companies.
 I mentioned that there has been a number of important acquisitions in the listed companies.
 a few examples are
 Erikssons acquisition of
 Vonage, expanding
 the business
 into the enterprise segment.
 we had Electrolux Professional
 that didn't import
 an acquisition in the US
 and we also had
 Husqvarna that made the acquisition
 on orbit irrigation
 and together with the Gardena division
 they would be
 clear leader in that area globally.
 we had a bid on Zubi that was
 withdrawn, we supported
 the bid in line with
 the board of
 Zuby, but the
 The fact is that the builder came up to 87% and not 90%, so it did not go through.
 And now our focus is just to work close with the company and really make sure that we maximize the long term value creation of this fine company.
 we should not forget that
 Zubia has a very strong position within rare diseases, and we will be fully behind to develop the company.
 During the quarter, we invested $1 billion in Ericsson, and we basically took an opportunity after the announcement of the Vonage acquisition, the stock took a hit, and we saw good value and invested in Ericsson.
 Moving then over to Patricia, the total return was 3% during the year.
 It was down 1% in the fourth quarter, and Helena will come back to that later on.
 Atlas Antibody became a new subsidiary for us
 in connection with the acquisition of
 evitria
 And it's great to see that the start has been excellent.
 and Evitra
 that was acquired has delivered a very
 good performance after the acquisition.
 during the year
 we divested
 Grand Hotel
 and several of the
 subsidiaries made important
 add-on acquisitions
 that I will comment a little bit on the next page.
 We have advanced instruments that you have seen since we acquired the company roughly a year ago have actually performed extremely well ahead of our expectations when we made the acquisition.
 they recently acquired
 Solentim, which
 has a very strong leading position
 in the niche of cell line development.
 And this company has had a very strong quarter.
 And the beauty here is that they boost the old advanced instrument with the osmolality testing instruments and Solentim.
 they have a significant exposure to the biopharma industry.
 so we see good opportunities
 to sell these
 to the same customers.
 In addition, we see significant potential to develop on the R&D side even stronger products for the future.
 Atlas Antibody
 I mentioned the acquisition of Evitra
 has built a very strong position
 within antibodies.
 Sarnova acquired Alive 100, which is active within AEDs or heart starters.
 Brunability
 to require cue strength
 they are
 they have a better strong market share
 when it comes to securement of wheelchairs in different kind of vehicles.
 In total, Patricia has invested $6 billion in add-on acquisitions.
 And there are, of course, a couple of the other companies that have also made acquisitions, smaller ones, during the year.
 In the fourth quarter, we announced that PIAB, for example, acquired AirBest in China.
 and with that acquisition
 they will significantly improve the market position in the Chinese market.
 If we then move to the operational performance of the company during the quarter, the organic sales for the subsidiaries was down 10% and the profit was down 23%.
 If we exclude mänlycket
 that I will come back to
 the major subsidiaries
 had a very good development
 with an organic sales growth of 8% and a profit growth of 24%.
 But saying a few words about Mönnlycke, I think it's fair to say that the development in the quarter was in line with our expectations
 and also in line with what we tried to communicate in connection with the third quarter report.
 And we have a situation where, on the one hand,
 womb care which represents
 a little bit more than 50% of revenues
 in the quarter
 they continue to develop really well
 with an organic growth of 8% and a strong profitability.
 on the other hand
 we have more challenges
 during the quarter
 in surgical that was down
 48%.
 And but that figure is heavily distorted by the PP contracts that we have talked about many times.
 And as you can see on the chart, the PPE contracts really peaked in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 and in this quarter it was
 basically zero
 That loss explains most of the sales loss during the quarter compared to last year.
 The other challenge was gloves, and that is related to the fact that we previously had to close our plants in Malaysia that produces these gloves.
 and that has also
 effected
 the first quarter of
 last year
 this is a highly
 a profitable product so this also
 had a significant impact on the profitability
 ability in the quarter.
 If we then look forward, we can split the different parts, I think, and comment one
 by one.
 Wound care, I mentioned, good development, and we hope and expect that it will continue to develop well in the future.
 when it comes to gloves
 the plant is now up and running
 at 100% capacity
 but there are still
 transportation challenges
 especially when it comes to
 transporting these gloves from
 the plant in Malaysia to the important market in the U.S.
 So you have different kind of supply chain challenges in ports and in transportation and so forth.
 But overall, we expect now that gloves gradually during the year will improve.
 and there is a very strong backlog
 strong demand for the products
 and menrycker have very strong products in this area
 so hopefully
 This should gradually improve during the year.
 When it comes to the PPE contract, as I mentioned, the peak was clearly in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 we also have some PPE
 says in the first quarter
 21 so that
 will affect the next quarter
 but not to the same extent
 as in the first quarter
 And then there is a very little small part remaining in the second quarter of 21.
 after that it has been zero
 so gradually this year over year
 effect should
 to diminish.
 Saying then a few words about the other subsidiaries, Atlas Antibodies had a very good organic growth of 19%.
 percent
 Evitra grew faster than the old
 Atlas Antibodies
 But bulls were growing in the quarter.
 and you can see the profitability
 It was a very high level
 and improved slightly compared to last year.
 Advanced Instruments had a very strong development with an organic growth of 18%.
 the acquisition
 that I mentioned previously,
 Solentim
 They are, of course, not part of the organic growth, but they grow significantly faster than the 18 percent.
 The underlying profit margin is down about 3% year over year.
 and the main reason is that
 Solentim has a lower margin than the old advanced instruments.
 roughly on an EBITDA level
 you can say that advanced
 the old advanced instruments
 were running at
 call it the 50 margin while
 Solentim is running at the
 roughly 30% margin.
 Laborie, strong development, organic growth of 14%.
 And as you can see, also very sharp profitability improvement.
 here we did see good growth in all areas
 both urology, GI
 and also maternal and
 child business
 Blownability
 continue to recover
 and grew by 14% in the
 quarter. Here we did
 see that the margin
 was actually slightly
 below last year and that is mainly related to supply chain
 challenge is
 that is affecting
 Brownability
 this was partly
 mitigated by price increases
 Pia grew
 8% in the quarter
 and the profitability was down, as you can see.
 but that is mainly impacted by a write-down of a discontinued product line
 and the transaction cost related to the Chinese acquisition airbest that I mentioned previously.
 the underlying development
 Many P-Amp is strong.
 Permobil grew 6% organically in the quarter, and in this quarter it was mainly driven by Europe and the U.S. while Asia was flat.
 Here we did see that the margin was down.
 And in Permobil, this was impacted by investment in a strategic product development project that the company is driving.
 And that was the key reason for the margin fall.
 But even if we exclude that part, the margin was actually down somewhat year over year.
 And that is mainly related to increased cost for supply and logistic challenges.
 Saranova was
 flat in the quarter and there are two key reasons
 for that
 Number one, emergency preparedness business was very strong in the fourth quarter 2020 due to COVID-19.
 that was not repeated to the same level this year.
 And secondly, in this quarter, the AAD, or heart started business, had significant supply chain challenges since they actually have ships in them.
 So that is the reason the revenue cycle management business
 and the acute business boost grows in the quarter.
 and you can see the profitability
 is solid. So Sarnova
 is also
 continuing to develop well underlying.
 Thank you.
 EQT, of course, fantastic return up more than 100% during the year and 30% in the quarter.
 of course to a large extent
 driven by the strong share price increase in the listed company, QTAB.
 but as you can see
 Oh, so the fans, the very
 very strong returns during the year
 Up 70%
 4.8 billion in cash flow
 team best
 Sturr, as I mentioned before, that's the second highest ever.
 and there has been a very high
 fund activity within
 IKT during the year.
 And during the year, they made two strategic acquisitions.
 The biggest one was Exeter within the real estate market, adding about 9 billion euro to asset under management.
 And then they also did an acquisition in Europe, Life Sciences Partner, which is a healthcare venture cap business with about 2 billion euro asset under management.
 So, looking forward.
 I think that we are
 well positioned to continue
 to deliver good returns
 and
 But if we try to frame it a little bit, of course, we know that the tailwind that we had in 21 with an improved economy, low interest rates, that is, of course, fading through now into the start of the year.
 But we are also seeing, of course, a number of challenges and uncertainties, not the least the spiraling inflation that we have seen.
 And it's very clear that Fed now has indicated that they will increase the interest rates.
 in addition to that
 the supply chain challenges
 remain and they will
 remain the first quarter.
 Hopefully, they will then gradually be easing out.
 but let's see how it
 how it develops, but we can see that
 it will continue to be surprising
 challenges in the first quarter.
 And then we are, in addition to that, of course, also seeing the geopolitical tensions increasing.
 we have talked about China
 and the US before
 And then, of course, we have the situation around the crane.
 so all in all
 And it is not unlikely, I think, that we will see some increased volatility entering 2022.
 but for us
 investor, I think we have a
 strong position
 We have a portfolio of very strong companies in attractive markets with strong market shares, and we have a very strong financial position at investors.
 so if there will be volatility
 there will also be opportunities
 and I think that we
 are ready to act
 our strategy remains firm
 we will have the focus
 on our prioritized areas that I talked about before.
 technology development, sustainability
 people
 questions
 to mention
 the key areas
 And then even though we have a clear strategy and clear focus areas,
 I think it's important to highlight that we understand that we need to work very hard every quarter on efficiency
 because, of course, the long-term consists of many short-terms.
 so execution not the least
 with all the supply chain challenges will be top of the mind during the year.
 And with that, I hand over to Helena.
 Thank you, Johan.
 Okay.
 So let's first have a look at the adjusted net asset value, and this graph shows the development for the last five years.
 and we can see that
 The year ended at 761 billion in adjusted net asset value.
 And we can also see that the average annual growth with dividend added back for this five-year period amounts to 20%.
 And looking at the total return by business area, we can also see that it's quite a mixed picture.
 The smallest business area
 EQT delivered a total return of 30% in the fourth quarter as much as 111% in the year as
 Johan already mentioned
 and listed companies
 which is two thirds of the portfolio
 had a strong year as well
 with 11% in the quarter and 44% for the full year.
 while at the same time
 Patricia had the tougher quarter, the value development minus 1%, and for the year the total return was 3%.
 So looking a little closer at listed companies, we can see that the total amount of listed companies amounted to 515 billion at the end of the quarter.
 And while Q4 TSR was just below 6Rx, the return for the year, the Toldish Herald return of 44% beat 6Rx of 39%.
 And of course, there was a mix of performances in that portfolio as well.
 and while the Ericsson
 and Saab share prices development was flat.
 We saw several companies, not the least Nasdaq, SEB, ABB, Atlas Copco and Epiroc performing over 50% or more in the year.
 And then going over to Patricia Industries and the sequential development of the estimated market values in the quarter.
 Well, we already said that here was more of a flat development, but still there were several companies values that developed well and increased while Permobil and Mönlijke weighed on performance in this quarter.
 And on the next slide, we can see the major drivers.
 So Mörlíkes estimated market value declined by 2.2 billion in the quarter.
 this was due to lower multiples lower earnings partly mitigated by cash flow
 And there was also a distribution in the quarter of 50 million euros to Patricia Industries.
 Hermobil's value declined 1.7 billion due to lower multiples and earnings.
 La Barilla on the other hand was up half a billion due to higher earnings and currency
 effects that were also positive but also here multiples contracted and Vectura's value increased
 by 0.7 billion and this was due to an
 increase of the value of the property portfolio.
 Our financial position at the end of the year was very strong and the leverage declined to below two percent.
 And on the next slide, I will show that we are also maintaining our financial flexibility.
 And I know you have seen these graphs before, but they are now updated with a sixth year.
 And you can see that the sources of cash flow are several or actually all business areas contribute to the cash flow.
 and together they delivered 122 billion for the last six years.
 And then you might wonder, what do we use this cash flow for?
 Well, half of it is distributed to shareholders through dividends.
 evidence. A third, almost a third, has been used to develop the Patricia portfolio and
 during this period six new
 subsidiaries have been acquired.
 We've also invested in the listed companies. And during this period, we've also reduced net debt by 6 billion.
 And leverage is down from in the beginning of the period to just below 2 percent, as I mentioned earlier, from 7 to 2 percent.
 As you know, our goal is to pay a steadily rising dividend
 and the investor board
 has decided based on an overall strong 2021 and our financial position to propose a dividend of
 four krona per share to the AGM in May and this dividend will be paid out in two installments
 three plus one during the year May and November. So we will end on my favorite slide which shows
 the average annual total return to shareholders and you can see that in all these periods we have
 managed to achieve our internal return requirement but we have also managed to
 outperform six Rx both in the short
 and the long term. And that concludes
 my part of the presentation, and with that I hand over to you, Vivica.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Johan, and thank you, Helena.
 We will now move over to our Q&A session.
 I know we have a few questions that have come in over the chat on the web,
 But I thought we would start out with if we have any questions over the phone.
 And by that, I would like to hand over to our operator.
 thank you
 If you do wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
 If you wish to withdraw your question, you may do so by pressing 02 to cancel.
 There will be a brief pause while questions are answered.
 Our first question comes from Derek Leberté with ABG.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, hello, and good afternoon.
 I was wondering on the dividend decision, if you could just provide a bit more clarity on the background of the decision.
 I know that you strive to pay a steadily rising dividend, but this was actually the largest percentage increase in quite some time if we adjust for the sort of pandemic cost lower dividend.
 So, Swanee, could you just sort of consider the factors of the cash flows related to dividends
 some transactions in the portfolio, how you view the investment pipeline, and obviously
 the low net gearing
 situation. Probably everything
 played in, but I think you only mentioned
 the leverage comment in the report.
 So any additional flavor that would be helpful.
 Thank you.
 I think that the reasoning in the board regarding the dividend level
 was made on a holistic view.
 We had a very strong year
 and we believe that even though
 As I mentioned, there are a lot of challenges and uncertainty out there.
 But I think that our companies are generally in good shape.
 we have a strong year behind
 behind us and
 we have a very strong
 financial position, both when it comes to
 the leverage but we also have a very strong gross cash position of about 24 billion so all in all
 the board concluded that
 this is the level that we believe
 is justified.
 side.
 Luka, if you can say something about the margin outlook here that was down quite a bit in the quarter,
 considering all these factors with the increased raw materials prices
 supply chain related issues, et cetera.
 I mean, you know that we don't give forecasts in areas that we don't know because we don't want to guess.
 But if I try to say a few words about what we do believe, what we see right now,
 And then, of course, what will happen in the coming months and the coming year is always difficult to predict.
 But I think it's fair to say that if you look on the things
 that really put the weight on the margin in the quarter
 and starting with gloves
 over the year
 we clearly expect to see
 a clear improvement on the
 boost on the sales level
 and profitability on gloves
 In the first quarter, there will remain challenges
 because there are still
 even though the factories are up and running in Malaysia,
 there are still challenges to get it out to the customers.
 and sometimes you will have to take more
 expensive routes to reach the
 customers
 but after that
 from the second quarter and onwards
 we expect to see
 clear improvements
 of course
 as long as the demand level stays firm.
 But there is a good backlog when it comes to gloves.
 If you take away the PPE business or the contract, the big PPE contracts within Surgical and you look on the remaining parts of what we call the ORS business, clothes, drapes, trays and so forth.
 I think it's fair to say that this business has been a little bit more than average, or clearly more than average, hit by the logistic challenges.
 and that is something
 that the management team is working on, working with efficiency,
 finding new solutions
 and also in a number of cases actually working on the pricing to adjust for the increased cost levels we are seeing.
 so there are clear
 clear plans in place
 to address not only the top line
 but also the profitability
 so
 So that is what we see.
 and the management is working on all these areas.
 Okay, thank you, Johan. That was really helpful.
 just finally on that
 on the
 Yes, sir.
 business
 adjusted for
 for PT. How did that grow in the quarter? Apologies if this is mentioned somewhere.
 Yeah. No, it is not.
 But if you take the ORS business, excluding the PPE contracts, it was down slightly in the quarter year over year.
 if you look on the gloves
 year over year
 it was down significantly compared to last year in terms of revenues.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, that was all for me at this point.
 Our next question comes from Joachim Ganel with D&B Markets.
 please go ahead
 Thank you.
 Good afternoon.
 to follow up on Derek's
 the initial question.
 can you raise the dividend now
 be seen slightly
 in the light of the fact
 the U.S. latest in the Q3 report made a slight nuanced shift to the dividend policy, because
 I mean, obviously, this will be not volatile, but it will shift from year to year your upstream cash flow generation.
 but i mean it is still i mean you're still only so paying like roughly 50 percent of of received
 cash flows now so so can we expect more call it a flexible dividend policy going forward that should
 follow the Castro trajectory more.
 You should not read that there is any connection with the slightly higher dividend increase this year to the change we did in the wording of the dividend policy.
 The changed wording on the dividend poly was mainly related to the fact that we now more and more, as you know, we focus on the adjusted net asset value.
 while the previous
 distributed policy referred to
 book values. So that was the
 key reason for the change
 So the increase of 14% this year was more related to holistic judgment
 that I mentioned earlier
 that the board did based on a financial position
 than the overall performance.
 worth the shock
 Well, okay, so now that's there.
 And with regards to, I mean, obviously very, I mean, well capitalized and have a solid financial position here.
 But in regards to the withdrawn bid for Sobe, does this in any way have any implications for your capital allocation framework or investment priorities going into this year?
 Sorry, I didn't hear you.
 Do you mean that the situation, that the fact that Subi was not divested, if that will affect our investments?
 yes
 no
 I don't think it will materially affect it.
 of course if
 SOBI would have been divested
 over a number of years
 we would have needed to step up the investment pace.
 but given the strong
 financial position we have with the gross
 cash of 24 billion
 and the leverage below 2%.
 we have ample of flexibility to act on the opportunities we see,
 both in Patricia Listed and
 and also opportunities within ECT.
 understood
 and the final one for me
 with regards to the fact that you bought Ericsson shares here in Q4.
 Or can you just talk a bit about the investment process for those decisions?
 So, I mean, looking at the historical levels where you have built your positions in core
 holdings. It have proven to be in a quite
 call it lucrative timing
 So, I mean, how does that framework work?
 work and also
 with regards to that how does
 I mean, how do your
 Perceived intrinsic value of your holding shift.
 Thank you.
 if you take
 of course we have invested in a number
 of companies over the last
 couple of years
 and
 and we have
 we have actually been able to
 to generate a very good return
 well about 20% on those
 investments
 but if you take
 Ericsson as one example
 where we have increased our ownership
 from 5% to 8% now
 over some 5, 6, 7 years
 the initial purchases
 we did
 at very attractive levels
 I don't have the exact
 figures
 but it was probably in the 50-55 kronor per share
 A number of years back
 Then the second
 phase
 was actually in
 in the March
 or so
 2020
 when we had a big setback
 in connection with the outburst of corona.
 and at that time
 we probably bought at something like
 65, 70
 and in this case
 we have acquired shares for slightly below 94 krona per share.
 And in this case, we did it after the announcement of the Vonage acquisition.
 the stock took a hit
 And we saw an opportunity and we saw good value.
 so we took it
 And the reason why we see good value is that we think that management has done a good job over a number of years to improve the market position, taking a lead on 5G, also improving profitability, and now with the latest acquisition also expanding into new growth areas within the enterprise segment.
 so basically it's all good value
 and we can be rather flexible
 to act on that.
 Thank you.
 That's all from him.
 Our next question comes from Oskar Lindström with Danske Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 uh... thank you a couple of questions from the uh...
 the first one is
 touching on i think you know what the previous two uh... questions were about
 as well, and that's rising input costs and logistics troubles and costs that were evident
 Thank you for following up on that.
 I mean, to what extent and when do you expect to compensate or have compensated for this through price increases?
 And then what companies do you see this taking longer time to achieve that compensation?
 And I'm talking about your Patrizia companies.
 Yeah, it it, of course, depends on both the links of the contracts in and out, and it depends on the customers and and the competitive situation, how much you can act when it comes to pricing.
 but I think it's fair to say
 that all our companies
 are working on this
 at the moment
 and in some cases, of course, it's easier to raise prices
 and in some cases it's more tough
 in some cases you might have
 stronger, bigger buyers
 and it
 It might also be the fact that you have longer time horizon on existing contracts.
 And if you have that, of course, you will have to eat.
 the cost increases in the short term
 while it will take some time
 to get the price increases filtered through.
 In other cases, you can act very quickly and you can raise prices to do the compensation for it.
 so it differs between companies
 based on these two aspects
 But I do not want to comment on the pricing initiatives in the individual companies.
 But the price management is high on our agenda.
 And the companies are doing this.
 Just a follow-up and see if, I mean, are we going to see that you in Q1 have raised prices
 so that there's sort of a couple of the companies in your portfolio
 where we'll see the sort of step change in pricing
 or price mix, if you will, in Q1 versus Q4.
 Now, for sure, there will be a number of our companies that will raise prices in the first quarter.
 But if I should guess how it will play out, I would rather say that that supply chain challenges will for sure exist during the first quarter.
 And some of the price increases will not filter through as early as first quarter.
 so I think from a timing
 perspective first quarter we're still
 we still need to work very hard on these issues
 but gradually over the year
 We should hopefully see an improvement when it comes to pricing out and the cost side.
 All right. Thank you.
 Second question for me is on acquisitions, and you've signaled when we listened to you last year or end of last year
 that you were very interested in making acquisitions.
 as the COVID pandemic was nearing its end,
 then you have a greater ability to visit potential targets, et cetera.
 Has that interest in making acquisitions shifted in any way,
 given what we've seen since then
 with more worries about
 higher interest rates, increased geopolitical risk.
 Has that shifted or impacted in any way your appetite for acquisitions?
 Of course, we need to follow the macro environment and how that can affect the overall situation.
 but I would say basically no
 because we have a very strong pipeline when it comes to the potential add-on acquisitions in our subsidiaries.
 And we have a continued strong pipeline.
 As I mentioned in this quarter, they have executed on the Airbest acquisition
 And they have always executed
 Just the other day
 The smaller company
 in lifting automation
 in France
 We have a permobil
 that have acquired Pantera with the manual wheelchairs,
 which are the world leader on light
 manual wheelchairs
 those kind of opportunities
 We have a rather big pipeline for many of our companies and also some larger ones.
 and we will continue to work
 if we believe
 They work in attractive niches, that they are a leading player in these niches
 or can strengthen the position of our companies
 And that we can acquire the company at a reasonable price.
 then we will hit it
 Thank you. Good to hear.
 Those were my questions.
 As a reminder, if you do wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
 Our next question comes from Daniel Svärd with Sword Invest.
 please go ahead
 Yes, I would like to congratulate you on a great year.
 And I only have one question.
 Can you count on a dividend increase of half a krona is the new normal for the years to come?
 Or will you go back to raising the dividend by a quarter of a Krona like in previous years?
 So there was a lost crown, so to say, during the corona in 2020.
 is that
 relate to this increase now
 or is it the new normal
 this rise
 thank you
 Thank you, Daniel.
 and I cannot
 answer the question
 because what will happen, of course, is that when we are here a year from now,
 the board will once again make a
 holistic view and determine what
 they believe is the right level on the
 dividend
 Our policy is to have a
 Steadly rising dividend over time.
 Exactly how many percentage that
 corresponds to
 that might
 worry over time
 But I do believe that we have a strong underlying portfolio, both on the listed side and on the private side, that generates significant cash flow because normally we have capitalized or we actually have very capitalized companies.
 And that, of course, is a strategic benefit that we have that should support our dividend policy.
 but the exact levels we will have to see
 where we are in a year from now.
 Thank you.
 Thank you
 At this time, there's no further questions.
 I hand back to our speakers.
 Thank you. I know we have a few questions over the web, and Magnus, why don't you come and you read them out?
 Thank you.
 Sorry, and the first one is from Samarth Agrawan of Citi.
 thanks for taking my questions
 That's two for me.
 How much flexibility do you have to pass an input cost to customers
 if inflation and supply chain changes resist.
 That one is already answered, I think.
 So there were several add-on investments with Patricia Portfolio this year.
 Do you expect the same pace during 2022 or any step change or anything in that aspect?
 I can only say that we have a good pipeline when it comes to potential add-on acquisitions.
 And then it is, as always, it takes two to tank and the price needs to be the right one.
 So it's actually impossible to give an answer on that one.
 Thank you.
 No more questions?
 No.
 Thank you.
 By that, we would like to thank you for joining us here today.
 We will report our Q1 results on the 21st of April.
 So see you then, if not before.
 Thank you so much.