 Welcome to Investor's Annual Accounts 2021 presentation.
 We are glad that you are joining us here today and you can join us over the phone or over
 over the web, on our website, investorab.com.
 We will soon hear our CEO, Juan Fuchel, and CFO, Helena Saxon, present the annual accounts.
 we will have a Q&A session and you can post your questions then over the phone, as usual,
 or also in the chat on the web.
 Warm welcome, and by that, I hand over to you.
 Thank you everyone.
 Thank you very much.
 And welcome to this quarterly result presentation.
 If we start on the first page, I think we, despite all the challenges that we had during
 the past year.
 We did the
 In fact, see a gradual improvement of the global economy during the year.
 And of course, that in combination with the low interest rate environment also supported
 the stock market. And the strong equity market, of course, benefited investors, but even adjusting
 for that. I think it's fair to say that 2021 was a very strong year for investors during
 year, our net asset value grew by more than 40 percent, and I would hope to share the return
 was up 55% and that can be compared with the stock market in Sweden being up 39%.
 And if we look on the corresponding figure for the false quarter, our net asset value
 What's up 12% and I would hope to share the return.
 was up 21 percent and that can be compared with the stock market being up 12 percent.
 Importantly, I think that overall, that our companies are delivering good operational
 performance. They have been able to really manage the challenges out, and not the least
 the pandemic and the supply chain related challenges.
 On the listed companies, a number of the companies have made important strategic acquisitions
 and investments during the year, and within Patricia, a number of the companies have made
 size of a lad on acquisition and I will come back to that later on.
 The investment in IKT developed strongly during the year and was up more than 100 percent
 And the cash flow at 4.8 billion was the second best in in the history.
 We sharpen our climate targets and we are continuously putting high effort in sustainability,
 putting in our value creation plans, and especially, of course, an extra focus is on the energy
 transitions that affect the number of our companies.
 due to the strong performance during the year,
 and also the strong financial position
 that we have with the leverage of less than 2%,
 The board decided to increase the dividend per share from 350 to 4 krona, which is an
 increase of 14 percent.
 So, a few words about the listed companies.
 The total share of the return was up 44% in 21, and it was up 11% in the FOS quarter.
 The priorities there, as for these companies, are sustainability, including the energy transition
 innovation, technology development, and then talent management and succession planning.
 And we are spending a lot of time, of course, on making sure we have the right people in
 the boards in the management teams in our companies.
 I mentioned that there has been a number of important acquisitions in the listed companies
 A few examples are Ericsson's acquisition of Vonage expanding the business into the enterprise
 segment. We have the Electrolux Professional that did an
 an important acquisition in the U.S. And we also had Husqvarna that made the acquisition
 on orbit irrigation.
 And together with the Gardena Division, they will be clear leader in that area globally.
 We had a bid on Soviet that was withdrawn.
 We supported the bid in line with the board of SOPE, but the fact is that the bidder came
 up to 87 percent and not 90, so it did not go through.
 And now our focus is just to work close with the company and really make sure that we maximize
 the long-term value creation of this fine company.
 We should not forget that Subya has a very strong position within rare diseases and we
 we will be fully behind to develop the company.
 During the quarter we invested one billion in Ericsson and we basically took an opportunity
 after the announcement of the Vonage acquisition, the stock took a hit and we saw good value
 and invested in Ericsson.
 Moving then over to Patricia.
 took the return was 3 percent during the year.
 It was down 1% in the four score,
 and Helena will come back to that later on.
 ATLAS Antibody became a new subsidiary for us in connection with the acquisition of Evitria.
 And it's great to see that the start has been excellent.
 And Ivitra, that was acquired, has delivered a very good performance after the acquisition.
 And during the year with the vested grant hotel and several of the subsidiaries made
 important ad on acquisitions that I will comment a little bit on the next page.
 We have advanced instruments that you have seen since we acquired the company roughly
 a year ago have actually performed extremely well ahead of our expectations when we made
 uh... the acquisition
 They recently acquired Solentim, which has a very strong leading position in the niche
 of cell line development.
 And this company has had a very strong quarter.
 And the beauty here is that they boost the old advanced instrument with the Osmo Lality
 testing instruments and solentim, they have a significant
 exposure to the biopharma industry. So we see good opportunities to sell these to the
 the same customers.
 In addition, we see significant potential to develop on the R&D side, even stronger
 products for the future.
 Atlas Antibody, I mentioned the acquisition of Vivitra, has built a very strong position
 within antibodies. Sarnova acquired a light hundred, which is active within AADs or heart
 starters.
 their own ability to quite use strength.
 They have a better strong market share when it comes to the securement of wheelchairs
 in different kind of vikas.
 In total, Patricia has invested six billion in add-on acquisitions, and there are, of course,
 a couple of the other companies that have also made acquisitions smaller ones during the
 year. In the fours quarter, we announced that TIAP, for example, acquired our best in China.
 And with that acquisition, they will significantly improve the market position in the Chinese
 market.
 If we then move to the operational performance of the company during the quarter, the organic
 says for the subsidiaries was down 10 percent and the profit was down 23 percent.
 If we exclude menly that I will come back to, the media subsidiaries had a very good
 development with an organic sales growth of 8 percent and a profit growth of 24 percent.
 a cent. But saying a few words about them, I think it's
 fact to say that the development in the quarter was in line with our expectations and also
 in line with what we tried to communicate in connection with the third quarter report.
 We have a situation where on the one hand wound care, which represents a little bit more than 50% of revenues in the quarter.
 They continue to develop really well, with an organic growth of 8 percent and a strong
 profitability.
 On the other hand, we have more challenges during the quarter in surgical that was down 48 percent.
 But that figure is heavily distorted by the PP contracts that we have talked about many
 times, and as you can see on the chart, the PPE contracts really peaked in the fourth
 quarter of 2020, and in this quarter it was basically zero. That loss explains most of
 of the sales loss during the quarter compared to last year.
 The other challenge was gloves.
 And that is related to the fact that we previously
 had to close our plants in Malaysia that produces these gloves.
 And that has also affected the force quarter of last year.
 This is a highly profitable product, so this also had a significant impact on the profitability in the quarter.
 If we then look forward
 We can split the different parts, I think, and come in one by one.
 Good development, and we hope and expect that it will continue to develop well in the future.
 When it comes to gloves, the plant is now up and running at 100% capacity.
 But there are still transportation challenges, especially when it comes to transporting
 these gloves from the plant in Malaysia to the important market in the U.S.
 So, you have different kind of supply chain challenges in ports and in transportation
 and so forth, but overall we expect now that gloves gradually during the year will improve
 and there is a very strong backlog, a strong demand for the products,
 and then we are going to have very strong products in this area.
 so hopefully this will gradually improve during the year.
 When it comes to the PP contract, as I mentioned, the peak was clearly in the
 of 2020.
 We also had some PPEs in the first quarter, 21,
 So, that will affect the next quarter, but not to the same extent as in the fourth quarter.
 And then there is a very little small part remaining in the second quarter of 2021.
 to that, it has been 0.
 So gradually this year-over-year effect should diminish.
 Saying then a few words about the other subsidiaries, Atlas Antibodies had a very good organic growth of 90 percent.
 Evitra grew faster than the old Atlas antibodies, but both were growing in the quarter.
 And you can see that there is a lot of growth in the body, and there is a lot of growth
 side of profitability to us at a very high level and improved slightly compared to last
 year.
 Advanced instruments had a very strong development with an organic growth of 18 percent, the
 Acquisition that I mentioned previously.
 solentim, they are of course not part of the organic growth but they grow significantly
 faster than the 18 percent.
 The underlying profit margin is down about 3% year-over-year, and the main reason is
 that Solentim has a lower margin than the old advanced instruments. Roughly on an
 bit to the A level, you can say that the old advanced instruments were running at, call
 50 in margin while Solentim is running at roughly 30% margin.
 Library, strong development, organic growth of 14%.
 And as you can see also very sharp profitability improvement.
 Here we did see good growth in all areas, both urology, GI, and also maternal and child
 business.
 Bronability, Rick continued to recover and grew by 14% in the quarter.
 Here we did see that the margin was actually slightly below last year, and that is mainly
 related to supply chain challenges that is affecting grown ability.
 This was partly mitigated by price increases.
 pieces.
 Piab grew 8% in the quarter and the profitability was down, as you can see, but that is mainly
 impacted by a write-down of a discontinued product line and the transaction cost related
 to the Chinese acquisition air best that I mentioned previously.
 The underlying development in P-App is strong.
 Permabille grew 6% organically in the quarter, and in this quarter it was mainly driven by
 Europe and the U.S. while Asia was flat.
 we did see that the margin was down. And in Porma Bill, this was impacted by investment
 in a strategic product development project that the company is driving, and that was
 the key reason for the Mardin fall. But even if we exclude that part, the Mardin was actually
 down somewhat year over year, and that is mainly related to increase cost for supply
 and logistic challenges.
 Sarnova was flat in the quarter.
 And there are two key reasons for that.
 Number one, emergency preparedness business
 was very strong in the fourth quarter 2020 due to COVID-19.
 That was not repeated to the same level this year.
 And secondly, in this quarter, the AAD,
 heart-starter business had significant supply chain challenges since they actually have
 ships in them. So that is the reason the revenue cycle management business and the acute business
 boost growth in the quarter.
 You can see the profitability is solid.
 So Saranova is also continuing to develop well under lying.
 ICT, of course, fantastic return up more than 100 percent during the year and 30 percent
 in the quarter.
 Of course, to a large extent driven by the strong share price increase in the listed
 company QT AB, but as you can see, also the funds developed
 very strong returns during the year.
 up 70 percent, 4.8 billion in cash for the investor, as I mentioned before, that's the
 second highest ever, and there has been a very high fund activity within EKT during the year.
 And during the year, they made two strategic acquisitions.
 The biggest one was Exeter within the real estate market, adding about 9 billion euro
 to asset under management.
 And then they also did an acquisition in Europe.
 life sciences partner, which is a health care venture cap business with about two billion
 your asset on the management.
 So looking forward
 Thank you very much for your time.
 I think that we are well positioned to continue to deliver good returns, but if we try to
 frame it a little bit.
 Of course, we know that the tailwind that we had in 21, with an improved economy low
 interest rates. That is of course,
 heading through now into the start of the year. But we are also seeing, of course, a number of
 challenges and uncertainties, not the least, the spiraling inflation that we have seen.
 And it's very clear that Fed now has indicated that they will increase the interest rates.
 In addition to that, the supply chain challenges remain, and they will remain the first quarter,
 Hopefully, they will then gradually be easing out.
 but let's see how it develops.
 but we can see that it will continue
 to be supply chain challenges in the first quarter.
 And then we are in addition to that, of course,
 also seeing the geopolitical tensions increasing.
 We have talked about China and the U.S. before.
 And then, of course, we have the situation around the crane.
 So all in all, it is not unlikely, I think,
 that we will see some increased volatility entering 2022.
 But for us, as an investor, I think we have a strong position.
 We have a portfolio of very strong companies in attracting markets with strong market
 shares.
 And we have a very strong financial position at the investor.
 So if there are, if there will be volatility, there will also be opportunities, and I think
 that we are ready to act.
 Our strategy remains firm.
 We will have the focus on our prioritized areas that I talked about before, technology
 to develop more sustainability, people, questions, to mention the key areas.
 And then, even though we have a clear strategy,
 and clear focus areas.
 I think it's important to highlight that we understand that we need to work very hard
 every quarter on efficiency because of course the long term consists of
 and many short terms.
 execution not the least with with all the supply chain challenges will be top on the
 mine during the year.
 here.
 And with that, I hand over to Helena.
 Thank you, Johan.
 OK, so let's first have a look at the adjusted net asset value.
 And this graph shows the development for the last five years.
 and we can see that the year ended at 761 billion in adjusted net asset value.
 And we can also see that the average annual growth with dividend added back
 for this five-year period amounts to 20 percent. And looking at the total return by business area,
 We can also see that it's quite a mixed picture.
 The smallest business area, EQT, delivered a total return of 30 percent in the fourth
 quarter as much as 111% in the year, as Johan already mentioned, and the listed companies,
 which is two-thirds of the portfolio had a strong year as well, with 11% in the quarter
 and 44% for the full year. While at the same time, Patricia had the tougher quarter, the
 value development minus 1% and for the year the total return was 3%.
 looking a little closer at listed companies we can see that the total amount of listed
 The companies amounted to $515 billion at the end of the quarter.
 And while Q4 TSR was just below 6RX, the return for the year that told the Sherald return
 of 44% beat 6RX of 39%. And of course there was a mix of performances in that portfolio
 as well. And while the Ericsson and Saab share prices development was flat, we saw several
 companies, Nautilist, NASDAQ, SEB, ABB, Atlas Copco, and Epiroc performing over 50 percent
 or more in the year.
 And then going over to Patricia Industries and the sequential development of the estimated
 market values in the quarter.
 water.
 Well, we already said that here was more of a flat development, but still there were several companies values that developed well and increased
 while Parmobil and Mönnliche weighed on performance in this quarter and on the
 next slide, we can see the major drivers. So, Malik's estimated market value declined
 by 2.2 billion in the quarter. This was due to lower multiples, lower earnings partly
 mitigated by cash flow and there was also a distribution in the quarter of 50 million
 in euros to participate in the streets.
 Hermobiles value declined 1.7 billion due to lower multiples and earnings.
 The library, on the other hand, was up half a billion due to higher earnings and currency
 effects that were also positive, but also here multiples contracted. And Vectura's value
 increased by 0.7 billion and this was due to an increase of the value of the property portfolio.
 Our financial position at the end of the year was very strong,
 and the leverage declined to below 2%.
 And on the next slide, I will show that we are also maintaining our financial flexibility.
 and I know you have seen these graphs before but they are now updated with a six a year and you
 you can see that the sources of cash flow are several,
 or actually all business areas contribute to the cash flow.
 And together, they delivered $122 billion for the last six years.
 And then you might wonder, what do we use this cash flow for?
 Well, half of it is distributed to shareholders
 through dividends.
 A third, almost a third, has been used to develop the Patricia portfolio, and during
 this period, six new subsidiaries have been acquired. We've also invested in the listing
 companies and during this period we have also reduced net debt by 6 billion and leverage
 is down from in the beginning of the period to just below two percent, as I mentioned earlier,
 from 7% to 2%.
 As you know, our goal is to pay a steadily rising dividend and the investor board has
 decided based on an overall strong 2021 and our financial position to propose a dividend
 of four Krona per share to the AGM in May.
 and this dividend will be paid out in two installments.
 three plus one during the year of May and November.
 So we will end on my favorite slide,
 which shows the average annual total return to shareholders.
 And you can see that in all these periods,
 we have managed to achieve our internal return requirement,
 but we have also managed to outperform six RX,
 both in the short and the long term.
 And that concludes my part of the presentation.
 And with that, I hand over to you, Vivica.
 Thank you, thank you, Johanna, and thank you, Hiliana.
 We will now move over to our Q&A session.
 I know we have a few questions that have come in
 over the chat.
 the web but I thought we'll start out with the if we have any questions over the phone and by that
 I would like to hand over to our racer.
 Thank you.
 If you do wish to ask a question, please press 0-1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you wish to withdraw your question, you may do so by pressing 0-2 to cancel.
 There will be a brief pause while the questions are answered.
 Our first question comes from DirectLiberty with ABG.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, hello and good afternoon, I was wondering on the dividend decision if you you could
 just provide them a bit more clarity on the background of the decision.
 I know that you strive to pay a steadily rising dividend,
 but this was actually the largest percentage increase
 and quite some time if we adjust for the sort of pandemic cost lower, David, and so so I'm
 Next one, could you just consider the factors of the cash flows related to dividends and
 transactions in the portfolio, how you view the investment pipeline and obviously the
 a low and not caring situation.
 probably everything played in, but I think you only mentioned the leverage comment in
 in the report.
 So any additional favorite, that'd be helpful.
 Thank you.
 I think that the reasoning in the board regarding the dividend level was made on a holistic
 view. We had a very strong year, and we believe that even though, as I mentioned, there are
 There are a lot of challenges and uncertainty out there, but I think that our companies
 are generally in good shape.
 We have a strong year behind us, and we have a very strong financial position boost when
 any counts to the leverage, but we also have a very strong gross cash position over back
 So, all in all, the board concluded that this is the level that we believe is justified.
 Gotcha, and then I was wondering on
 If you can say something about the margin, margin out, okay, that was down quite a bit
 quite a bit in the quarter considering all the factors with the increased raw material
 and supply chain related issues, et cetera.
 No, I mean, you know that we don't give forecasts in areas that we don't know, because we don't
 want to guess, but if I try to say a few words about what we do believe what we see right
 now and then of course what will happen in the coming months and the coming year is always
 it's difficult to predict.
 But I think it's fair to say that if you look on the things that really put the weight
 on the margin in the quarter and starting with gloves over the year we clearly expect to
 see a clear improvement on the boost on the sales level and profitability on
 gloves.
 In the first quarter, there will remain challenges, because there are still even though the factories
 up and running in Malaysia, there are still challenges to get it out to the customers.
 And sometimes you will have to take more expensive routes to reach the customers.
 But after that, from the second quarter and onwards, we expect to see a clear improvements
 of course, as long as the demand level stays firm.
 But there is a good backlog when it comes to gloves.
 If you take away the PBI business or the contract, the big PBI contracts within Sördregel,
 you look on the remaining parts of what we call the ORS business, clothes, drapes, trays
 and so forth.
 I think it's fair to say that this business has been a little bit more than average or
 clearly more than average hit by the logistic challenges.
 And that is something that the management team is working on, working with efficiency,
 finding ...
 new solutions, and also in a number of cases, actually working on the pricing to adjust for the
 increased cost levels we are seeing. So there are clear, clear plans in place to address
 not only the top line, but also the profitability.
 So that is what we see, and the management is working on all these areas.
 us.
 Okay, thank you.
 It was really helpful.
 And just finally on that, on the surgical business adjusted for PT, how did that grow
 in the quarter.
 Apologize if this is mentioned somewhere.
 Yeah.
 No, it is not.
 But if you take the ORS business excluding the PP contracts,
 It was down slightly in the quarter, year over year.
 If you look on the gloves year over year it was down significantly compared to last year
 in terms of revenues.
 Thank you, yeah
 So, that's all for me at this point.
 Our next question comes from Yua Kim-Gina with the EMB markets.
 Please, go ahead.
 Thank you.
 So, to follow up on Derek's initial question, can the race, the dividend now, be seen slightly
 in the light of the contact that you have laid us.
 I mean in the Q3 report made a slight nuance shift to to the dividend policy because I mean
 Obviously this will be not volatile but it will shift from year to year your upstream
 cash flow generation but I mean you're still only paying roughly 50% of received cash flows
 now so so can we expect more quality a flexible dividend policy going forward
 that should follow the Castro trajectory more.
 You should not read that there is any connection
 with the slightly higher dividend increase this year
 to the change we did in the wording of the dividend policy,
 The change regarding on the dividend polly was mainly related to the fact that we now
 more and more, as you know, we focus on the adjusted net asset value.
 While the previous policy referred to book values, so that was the key reason for the
 change. So the increase of 14 percent this year was more related to holistic judgment
 that I mentioned earlier that it
 both based on our financial position and the overall performance.
 We're at the shock well, okay, so that's there and with regards to I mean obviously very well
 capitalized and have a solid financial position here but but in regards to the withdrawn bid for
 so be. Does this in any way have any implications for your capital allocation framework or investment
 probably work is going into this year.
 So sorry, I didn't hear you mean that the situation that the fact that should be was
 not the best.
 if that will affect our investments.
 Yes
 No, I don't think it will materially affect that of course if so be would have been
 divested over a number of years, we would have needed to step up the investment
 pace. But even the strong financial position we have with the gross cash of 24 billion
 and the leverage below 2%, we have ample of flexibility
 to act on the opportunities we see both in Patricia Listed
 and also opportunities with the iniquity.
 Understood. The final one for me with regards to the fact that you bought Ericsson shares
 here in Q4. Can you just talk a bit about the investment process for those decisions?
 So I mean, looking at the historical levels where you have built your positions in courtholding,
 it have proven to be in a quite, call it, lucrative timing.
 So, I mean, how does that collect the framework work and also with regards to that, how does,
 I mean, how does your perceived intrinsic value of your holding shift?
 Thank you.
 If you take, of course, we have invested in a number of companies over the last couple
 of years, and we have actually been able to generate a very good return, well, about 20
 on those investments, but if you take Ericsson as one example, where we have increased our
 ownership from 5% to 8% now over some 5, 6, 7 years.
 The initial purchases we did, we did at very attractive levels.
 I don't have the exact figures, but it was probably in the fifty-fifty-five kronor per
 share a number of years back.
 Then the second phase was actually in March or so 2020 when we had a big setback in connection
 with the outburst of Corona, and at that time we probably
 bought at something like 65 70 and and in this case we have
 required shares for slightly below 94 Krona per share. And in this case, we did it after
 the announcement of the Vonage acquisition, the stock took a hit, and we saw an opportunity
 and we saw good value. So we took it. And the reason why we see good value is that we
 We think that management has done a good job over a number of years to improve the market
 position, taking a lead on 5G, also improving profitability.
 And now, with the latest acquisition, also expanding into new growth areas within the
 enterprise segment. So basically it's all good value and we can be rather flexible to act on that.
 Thank you.
 That's all for now.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 Our next question comes from Oskar Lindström with Danske Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you.
 A couple of questions for me.
 The first one is touching on, I think, you know,
 what the previous two questions were about as well.
 And that's rising input costs and logistics troubles and costs that were evident in Q4.
 And following up on that, I mean...
 to what extent and when do you expect to compensate or have compensated for this
 this through on price increases and then what companies do you see this taking longer time
 to achieve that composition.
 I'm talking about your patricia companies. Yeah, it it of course depends on both the
 links of the contracts in and out, and it depends on the customers and the competitive
 situation, how much you can act when it comes to pricing.
 But I think it's fair to say that all our companies are working on this at the moment.
 And in some cases, of course, it's easier to raise prices.
 And in some cases, it's easier to raise prices.
 cases is more tough. In some cases, you might have stronger, bigger buyers, and it might
 also be the fact that you have longer time horizon on existing contracts.
 And if you have that, of course, you will have to eat the cost increases in the short
 term while it would take some time to get the price increases filter through.
 In other cases, you can act very quickly and you can raise prices to do with the compensation
 for it. So it differs between companies based on these two aspects. But I do not want to
 comment on the pricing initiatives in in in the individual
 companies. But its price management is high on our agenda, and the companies' agendas.
 Just a follow up and see if, I mean,
 Are we going to see that you and Q1 have raised prices so that there's sort of a couple of
 of the companies in your portfolio
 We'll see the sort of step change in pricing or price makes,
 Q1 versus Q4.
 Yeah, I for sure there will be a number of our companies that will raise prices in in the first quarter, but if I should
 guess how it will play out. I would rather say that that supply chain
 challenges will for sure exist during the first quarter and some of the pricing cases
 we not filter through as early as first quarter.
 So I think from a timing perspective, first quarter, we still need to work very hard on
 these issues, but gradually over the year, we should hopefully see an improvement when
 and it comes to pricing out and the cost side.
 Alright, thank you.
 The second question for me is on acquisitions and you've signaled when we listened to you
 last year or end of last year
 that you were very interested in making acquisitions
 as the COVID pandemic was nearing its end,
 and you have a greater ability to visit the potential targets, et cetera, has that interest
 been making acquisitions shifted in any way given what we've seen since then with more
 or worries about higher interest rates, increased geopolitical risk.
 That shifted or impacted in any way your appetite for acquisitions?
 Of course, we need to follow the macro environment
 and how that can affect the overall situation,
 but I would say basically no,
 because we have a very strong pipeline
 when it comes to the potential add on acquisitions
 in our subsidiaries. And we have a continued strong pipeline, as I mentioned, in this
 quarter, PIB executed on the Airbus acquisition and the Airbus
 executed just the other day, the smaller campaign in lifting
 automation in France. We have a per mobile that have acquired Pantera with
 manual wheelchairs, which are the world leader on light manual wheelchairs, those kind of
 opportunities.
 We have a lot of
 the big pipeline for many of our companies and also some larger ones and we will continue
 to work. If we believe they work in attractive niches, that they are a leading player in
 these niches or can strengthen the position of our companies and that we can acquire the
 company at a reasonable price, then we will hit it.
 All right.
 Thank you.
 Those were my questions.
 As a reminder, if you do wish to ask a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
 Our next question comes from Daniel Svart with Svart Invest.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, I would like to congratulate you on a great year,
 I only have one question. Can you count on a dividend increase of half a croon,
 is the new normal for the years to come, or would you go back to racing to Divin and buy a quarter
 of the corona like in previous years.
 So there was a lost crown, so to say, during the corona in 2020.
 Is that related to this increase now, or is it the new normal, this rise?
 Thank you.
 Daniel and I cannot answer the question because what will happen of course is that when we
 We are here a year from now.
 the board will once again make a holistic view and determine what they believe is the right
 level on the dividend.
 Our policy is to have a steadily rising dividend over time exact how many percent is that corresponds to
 So, that might vary over time, but I do believe that we have a strong underlying portfolio
 both on the listed side and on the private side
 that generate significant cash flow because
 Normally we have capitalite or we actually have very capitalite companies and that's of course is a strategic benefit that we have
 That should support our dividend policy, but exactly as we will have to see where we are in the air from now
 Thank you.
 At this time, there's no further questions.
 I hand back to our speakers.
 Thank you. I know we have a few questions over the web and what mine is why don't you come and you read them out?
 Thank you.
 Sorry, and the first one is from Samarkt Agrawal of CITI.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 Two for me.
 How much flexibility do you have to pass the input cost to customers if inflation is
 pressure should have just persist. That one is already answered, I think, so there was
 ever not on investments with Patricia portfolio this year you expect the same
 in pace during 2022 or any step change or anything in that aspect?
 I can only say that we have a good pipeline when it comes to potential add on acquisitions
 And then it is as always, it takes two to think and the price needs to be the right one.
 So it's actually impossible to give an answer on that one.
 Thank you.
 No questions?
 No.
 Okay. Thank you. By that, we would like to thank you for joining us here today and we
 We will report our Q1 results on the 21st of April, so see you then, if not before.
 Thank you so much.