 Hello, and welcome to our Q1 2017 Financial Result Conference call.
 Joining us today to answer your questions is Brian Olsofsky, our CFO.
 As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release
 in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary
 on the quarter.
 please note, unless otherwise stated,
 All comparisons in this call will be against our results
 for the comparable period of 2016.
 Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 27th, 2017 only.
 and will include forward-looking statements.
 Actual results may differ materially.
 Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results
 is included in today's press release
 and our filings with the SEC, including
 in our most recent annual report on Form 10K,
 and subsequent filings.
 During this call, we may discuss certain non-gap financial measures.
 in our press release, slides accompanying this webcast,
 and our filings with the SEC, each of which
 is posted on our IR website.
 you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-gap measures, including
 reconciliations of these measures with comparable gap measures.
 Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to date and what we believe
 today to be appropriate assumptions.
 Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors,
 including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates,
 changes in global economic conditions and customer spending, world event, the
 the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce, and cloud services, and the various
 factors detailed in our filings with the SEC.
 Our guidance also assumes, among other things, that we don't conclude any additional business
 acquisitions, investments, restructurings, or legal settlements.
 it's not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods
 services and therefore our actual results could differ materially from our guidance.
 Before moving to Q&A, I would like to draw attention to a new accounting rule that we
 implemented in Q1.
 The new rule requires excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation to be presented
 as an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
 We retrospectively adjusted our consolidated statements of cash flows to reclassify excess
 tax benefits from financing activities to operating activities.
 And as a result, you will see an increase in our free cash flow measures for prior periods.
 Additionally, beginning January 1, 2017, the excess tax benefit or deficiency for stock
 based compensation is recognized as a component of tax expense rather than equity.
 This change resulted in a decrease to our tax expense for the quarter, and a corresponding
 increase to our net income and earnings per share.
 Specific changes are presented in the footnotes to the consolidated statement of cash flows
 and related metrics provided in our press release.
 Further disclosure of the impact of the adoption of this accounting change can be found in
 in our Form 10 queue.
 With that, we'll move to Q&A.
 Operator, please remind our listeners how to initiate a question.
 At this time, we will now open up the call for questions.
 In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one question.
 If you'd like to ask a question.
 Yeah, under deferred revenue balances, as you said,
 the past, the primary drivers of that increase are both the activity that we're seeing with
 with our AWS customers and the purchase of reserved instances
 and prepaid credits for their account,
 as well as prime member purchases.
 We're not breaking out the specific growth rates for Prime, but certainly we like what
 see in terms of the growth, and it's been consistent with what we've seen over the
 the last quarter or so.
 Certainly the part of that increase in deferred balances
 is related to reserved instances as customers get more comfortable and begin to put more
 sustained workloads into the AWS services through buying our eyes.
 able to get fairly significant discounts on their usage.
 So we like that model, customers certainly like that model, and collecting that through deferred revenue
 and then letting customers use that over time.
 Hi, I Jason. This is Darren. Yeah, you know we a number of quarters back
 started breaking out stock-based compensation by segment.
 And now we've collapsed that in our up-income by segment.
 So it's definitely in there.
 You know, we do provide some disclosure by PNL line item on a consolidated basis, you
 It helps you identify that stock-based compensation expense in total, and you'll see the trend
 analysis in the metrics in the back of the pressure.
 Thank you for joining us on our call today and for your questions.
 A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end
 of the quarter.
 We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com.
 I look forward to talking with you again next quarter.