 Good morning.
 and welcome to the Desperate Guard 3rd, Quarter 21,
 Earnings Conference Call.
 The slide presentation is accompanied by today's webcast and is available in the investors
 section of the company's website, investor.desvagard.com.
 There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
 at the end of today's presentation.
 This conference call is being recorded.
 As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Now I would like to turn the call over
 to listen to Taudia Meerenberg, Investor Relations.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today for the discussion of our third
 for the next 21 years.
 In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with the U.S., General Yerz�er
 I'll see you back out this evening, people.
 Please cast certain non-dubbed financial measures on operating methods, including exploring
 and exchange user calculation.
 Investors should read the definition of these measures, and they should include the number
 Thank you very much for your time.
 to ensure that they understand them.
 And I'm not going to mention an operating method.
 should not be considered in escalation,
 access to the score of the data used of financial measures, and are provided as supplementary
 information on this.
 Before we begin, I want to make a remark, allow me to remind you that we're going to
 save...
 may be in the course of the discussion, may constitute the forward-looking statement which
 which are based on management, current expectations,
 Thank you.
 and I'll talk to you in a number of weeks
 and uncertainty that the cost actually has to not be very high.
 Thank you.
 that may be beyond the compliance control.
 This includes but are not limited to expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the
 COVID-19 pandemic and the integration and performance of the businesses here in Juarez,
 including the day I'm gone.
 For an inscription of the key, please refer to our filing.
 the Securities and Exchange Commission, and our press release.
 Speaking on today's call is our CEO, Damian Scottie,
 who will provide another view of the third quarter,
 and update you on our strategic priorities.
 I reckon it'll be happening.
 our CSO will then discuss the quarter financial results.
 After that, we open the goal to your question.
 And again, please go back home.
 Thank you, Natalia, and good morning, everyone.
 Thank you for joining us and for your interest in the Spagai.
 Our third quarter results demonstrate that the strategic
 initiatives undertaken since the start of the pandemic and their successful execution
 at delivering improved margins when compared to 2019.
 Our performance this quarter underscores the future earnings
 power of the company.
 I'd like to touch on some highlights.
 The strong recovery across most of our markets may be driven by increased demand for domestic
 problems.
 For National Education,
 is just starting to pick up as many countries
 beginning opening their borders to fully vaccinated children.
 that.
 the national transactions increase,
 120% sequentially coming from very low level.
 As a result, we reported sequential increases of 34%
 in gross booking and 44% in transactions.
 This was Riven.
 Bye.
 First of all, capturing the pickup in Brazil, Argentina,
 and Chile.
 countries that were impacted in the prior quarter
 with the second wave of the virus.
 second, another strong quarter in Colombia, where we observe significant pent-up demands.
 Mexico was the standout in the prior quarter, but had a weaker performance in July and August
 And some of the best-made stores could not open
 You do the restrictions that impacted some characteristic
 destinations.
 And if that is a tone, our Mexican operations
 began to recover in September.
 This has continued into October.
 our geographic diversification has allowed us
 to talk to growth and preservation as market recovers.
 We continue to closely monitor the key levers of the company, namely price, marketing expenses,
 and installed them. After improvement in our management revenue toolkit, we have been able
 to report stronger takeaways than pre-pandemic, reaching 12.7% as reported and 13.7% excluding
 extraordinary cancellations. Similar to past quarters, our tax rate benefited from the
 investment we have made in technology and analytics, which
 Allow that.
 more accurately. Improving algorithms to capture more
 for profitable transactions.
 and the positive impact from next day,
 which has a high intake rate, were also key contributors.
 at the same time, on a quarter on quarter basis.
 revenue growth was more than doubled the increase in cost of revenues.
 Lastly, operating expenses increase only 3% sequence, even at the investments in selling
 and marketing units in the quarter were 36 percent up sequentially and in line with
 increased in gross bookings.
 our business leverages with actions taken last year to improve profitability.
 This has allowed us to be very close to achieving
 adjust is evidently given when excluding extraordinary challenges, even with gross bookings at only
 56% of the third quarter of 2018 level.
 Importantly, for the month of September, we achieve positive, adjusted EBITDA, excluding
 extraordinary tactics.
 This was an important milestone for us.
 remain well-capitalized with a healthy tax position of $276 million, turning to slide
 for a discussion on a few of our key markets.
 As various geographies have reopened post- pandemic,
 consumers have shifted some spent
 was travel and entertainment. Along these lines, Brazil and Colombia posted the highest
 level of crossbooking since the start of the pandemic. With most states in the field listing
 restrictions in July, rose bookings in the quarter were up a hundred and twenty-six percent
 sequentially, and ASPs up 33% in the same period.
 By mid-September, several countries listed restrictions allowing fully vaccinated Brazilians
 to travel overseas.
 Furthermore, as of November the 8th, fully vaccinated decisions are now allowed to travel
 to the U.S. so we improve our full vaccination.
 In Mexico, although borders remained open for flights,
 Activities in main cities were particularly restricted to control and increase in public
 These restrictions affected best-day offline source performance in July and August.
 on a positive note, gross bookings have been increasing
 months over months since August and international travel was stable on a sequential basis.
 regarding the rest of the time.
 not worth in Colombia, was 72% above the third quarter
 of 2019, pre-pandemic levels, reflected pent-up demand
 of trouble restrictions were listed earlier in the year.
 In Argentina, we observed a sequentially
 by handing on 30% increase in gross workings.
 Finally, in Chile, cross bookings nearly double sequentially.
 And the significant growth trend continued in October.
 as we entered the fourth quarter, October continued with
 dispositive trends across the region.
 just to summarize, our geographic diversification
 has been key in providing a more consistent overall performance
 for the company.
 Turning to slide 5, we have two really strong initiatives that we continue to deliver on
 and that I will discuss today.
 First, our loyalty program has been widely accepted,
 and we have reached the one million member milestone.
 Today,
 as a part of the speciality available in Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico.
 In this regard, we recently signed an agreement
 launch a co-branded credit card in Mexico in partnership with INVEX and MasterCard.
 Also, capitalizing on the increased travel demand,
 we launch our first offline marketing campaign since 2020.
 It's time to travel again and can be seen across all media in Latin America.
 In Brazil, we have been offering more financing options to customers.
 With COIN, we have further deep penetration in the cholera, accounting for 6.5 percent
 avoid transactions in the third week of October, with the record total purchase volume.
 Additionally, 5.5% of the collateral transactions in October were paid through PICS, which
 It results in much lower cost of revenue for the collateral given that these transactions
 of causes internally.
 We also completed implementation of risk-based pricing in the travel vertical, which allows
 us to match the interest rate chart to the risk profile of different customers.
 We call this B2B business.
 and continuing expanding the number of merchants
 in the e-commerce sector, which we now provide the alternative means for customers to pay
 pay via voleto-parcelation.
 if I now pay later payment solution.
 We now have 30 merchants signed up.
 We also have its four new merchants in payments and frauds,
 bringing the total number of margins to 10 year today.
 Notably, constant purchase value for the quarter triple sequencer.
 As we look ahead, we expect to be adding more industries
 to our two verticals in the very near future.
 we see a very attractive potential for coin services by no
 regulator and fraud prevention, which
 have a total addressable market of between $15 and $20 billion in Latin America.
 I will now turn the call over to Alberto to discuss this quarter's financial results.
 Thank you, Damian, and thank you all for joining us today.
 Turning to page 6, ask reported revenues increased 32 percent
 sequentially to 37 percent below third quarter 19 pre-pandemic levels compared with 39 percent
 below the second quarter, 19 levels in the prior quarter, excluding extraordinary cancellations
 in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Revenues would have been 32% below third order 19 levels.
 Note that this quarter, we have also sold lower cancellations.
 The ratio of cancellations to gross bookings decrease for the three basis points quarter
 don't want to.
 Importantly, our takeover remains strong, reaching 12.7% as reported and 13.7% when
 excluding extraordinary cancellations.
 factors in this development were the contribution from Bell Day and improvements in revenue
 management implement in Sinclair tier, which have allowed us to further optimize pricing
 through
 more advanced algorithms.
 Now, please turn to slide 7.
 Moving on to profitability.
 we achieved the best quarterly adjusted EBITDA since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic in
 in 2007, or to the 2020.
 Despite posting growth bookings, 44 percent below third quarter nineteen, we were very
 close to break even when excluding extraordinary targets.
 This is proof of the initiatives launched during this period, particularly in terms of cost reduction.
 Students don't have charges.
 comparable adjusted EBITDA, near break even,
 reaching a loss of $3.6 million, improving from losses of $10.5 million in the quarter
 are nearly 17 million in third quarter of 2020.
 And this compares with a comparable adjusted dividend gain of over $9 million in third
 water 19.
 Note that one-time charges were nearly $7 million in the quarter, mainly in connection with
 external cancellations resulting from the surge in COVID-19 cases compared to non-recurrent
 charges of 12 million in second quarter of 2021.
 We are confident that the Spegar will be coming out of the pandemic as a more profitable company.
 Better diversified, both from a geographic and product mix perspective, but by a more
 sustainable business model.
 Now, please turn to slide 8.
 we close the quarter with a solid cash position of $276 million.
 As travel conditions improved, use of cash during the quarter increased to nearly 40 million.
 We call that in the second quarter, we can grant it a higher number of vouchers to customers
 whose total plans were impacted by a spike in COVID cases.
 in Brazil, while this resulted in a lower use of cash of close to 10 million in second
 Quirk 6.1.
 in better travel conditions in this path quarter.
 We saw a pickup in demand with customers who had been in trouble vouchers.
 the redemption of these vouchers.
 added 15 million to the cash burn
 that we have been voted recently of 25 million.
 In turn, our net payable position decreased nearly $20 million in the quarter.
 Now please turn to slide nine for the key takeaways of the quarter.
 First, we delivered a strong sequential recovery, driven by better performance across our key
 markets, except for Mexico, this morning.
 Brazil, let the recovery with gross bookings up 126%
 sequen-
 but still 60 percent below 19 levels.
 Colombia also showed a strong pent-up with gross bookings exceeding
 third quarter 90 levels by 32 percent. Second, EBITDA excluding cancellations near break even,
 even with gross booking still 44% below 19 levels.
 as the initiatives implemented since the start of the pandemic have significantly strengthened
 the obvious power of the company.
 this positive trend in profitability.
 continued into September, with adjusted TB die-riching
 breakeven levels when excluding storyline cancellations.
 or we continue to deepen.
 customer engagement with our loyalty program,
 reaching the one million-member milestone in Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico combined.
 As the man has picked up, we also launched our first offline marketing campaign in second
 quarter last year.
 Finally, on the EEGF front, we launch our materiality survey last month and look forward
 to show the results in our next ESG report.
 Now, please turn to slide 10 for final remarks.
 Despite ongoing volatility and some macro merkeness, our long-term vision is, if anything,
 I wish you all the best.
 The initiatives required to realize it are pulled in the way, even as we work through
 new term market challenges and consumer behavior continues to adjust.
 Looking at the fourth quarter, the strong recovery observed in gross bookings in September continued
 into October, reaching 72% of 19 booking levels.
 In addition, we expect November and December to continue with these positive trends, benefiting
 from industry marketing events, such as the Buen Fín campaign in Mexico and Black Friday
 in Brazil.
 December also marks the start of the summer season in LATAM, which would also contribute
 to higher demand in the region.
 In this context, we are stepping up our marketing efforts.
 while keeping a heightened focus on affordability.
 We illustrate the point.
 And on a weekly basis, we are launching a minimum of four
 unbeatable deals by country.
 while carefully balancing the price financing perception.
 With respect to the day, we are on track with integration of the in-destination activity
 segment and expect to fully finalize the integration of these acquisitions as planned by first
 I'll work on it next year.
 We are also making steady headway in expanding coins acquisition operations.
 In addition to adding new logos in the B2B business segment in Brazil, we're taking the
 the first steps to launch coin in Mexico and in next year.
 Finally, we are in conversation with several suppliers across the region to expand our
 Vacation Rental Inventory to meet current higher demand in this part segment.
 In summary.
 continue to focus on execution and our improved performance
 to date.
 together with a positive progression in demand are quite encouraging.
 We believe that while podcasting is future performance,
 still present some challenges due to the ups and downs of the pandemic.
 We expect that the developments in the vaccination front will generate the confidence to go
 go back to normal travel patterns.
 The third quarter, and year-to-date results, reinforce our confidence in our strategy and
 and represent focus and discipline in executing our long-term strategic plan.
 This concludes our prepared remarks.
 We are ready to answer your questions.
 Operator, please open the line for questions.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star then 1 on your touch-tone phone.
 If you are using a speaker phone, we ask that you please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 If your question has been addressed, do you
 like to remove yourself from Q, please press StarveN2.
 So, once again, ladies and gentlemen, that's farther than one if you have a question.
 And today's...
 First question comes from Ed Euroma with Key Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 And nice to see the sequential improvement.
 I guess a couple of things for me.
 First, I think you guys have done a really good job of,
 you know, rightsizing the business during the pandemic
 and making yourselves more efficient.
 Is there a way that we should think
 as bookings rebuild from an incremental margin perspective
 and how the shape made that for them
 what we've seen previously.
 And second, kind of as expected, you're
 going to draw down on the cash a bit, I guess, is people redeem vouchers.
 What should we think about the cash usage progression
 over the next couple quarters, and when will that trough?
 Thank you.
 Ed, Alberto, good morning.
 Thanks for your question.
 On cash I think we let me allow me to reiterate what we discussed in prior calls
 I actually recall your question, okay, we are looking at the similar levels to what we
 have discussed let's say like a minimum cash value for the year of around 250 okay in particular
 driven for the same reasons that you highlighted.
 would regard to
 In regards to margins, okay?
 Clearly, we are in the trajectory that we are actually
 reach and break even point, okay?
 We already, in the month of October,
 that we are closing those figures.
 Okay, we're seeing already blue lines
 when it comes to at an EBITDA level,
 that is particularly encouraging.
 and when you start looking at margins,
 Let's say top to bottom, okay.
 We are seeing a take rate at similar levels to the ones
 we have been discussing.
 Okay, let's recall what we have mentioned in prior calls
 about having a long-term trajectory on take-it at around 12 percent, okay, 12 percent plus
 that is higher in around 50 basis points,
 we will discuss a pre-pandemic.
 With regards to structural cost, what we have said is that the structural cost should actually
 benefit from, let's say, around 60% operating leverage, meaning that if orders were to grow
 around 100, okay, structural cost should be growing no more than 40%.
 And that, I would say, points to a picture on what could be the profitability of the
 company going forward that it should be in excess of what we were discussing
 pre-pandemic in the long run.
 Got it and maybe one other follow-up you indicated you're looking to kind of rebuild inventory for packages given some of the demand signals
 you're seeing. I guess how quickly can that happen and do you expect that you'll be able
 to have enough kind of capacity for the peak travel seasons.
 Thank you.
 We currently see, I think that answer has maybe two different ideas.
 The one is the company continues to be, let's say, on the sidelines when it comes to, let's
 say, the company is going to have to do something about it, and it's going to have to do something
 a secure inventory as we have done pre-pandemic, okay?
 I remember that we were actually at around, let's say, 5% or between 5% to 10% no more
 than that of all the gross bookings were selling were actually secured or paid in advance on
 capacity at hotels and or airlines. Okay. Since the pandemic struck, we were completely on
 the silence of that, and we are not thinking about starting to push into that arena as
 off, let's say, the next few quarters. And we do not see a reason to do it, given in
 Number one, the ups and downs of the business.
 And number two, we see capacity.
 So there's no need to do it.
 Okay, of course, we see that as a profitable business,
 And that will put our food on the gas pedal as we are fully
 recovered because we see there's opportunity to gain extra margin.
 But for the time being, we will not do it.
 In addition, and in general inventory, what we are seeing is that airlines are increasing
 their network significantly in Latin America
 for the upcoming two to three months.
 So everything that's available from the airlines
 and the hotel is going to be in the Stegard.
 and we are seeing increased levels of inventory on both areas.
 we are confident that the pace of the discovery will be sustained over the next few months.
 Very good. Thanks much.
 And ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder,
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press start on one.
 next question comes from Kevin Kuppelman with Collin and Company.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 This is Emily on for Kevin.
 And thanks for taking my question.
 You mentioned a new marketing campaign launching in Q4 focused on affordability, and I was
 I was just wondering if you could help us understand how that will affect revenue take
 great installments and sales and marketing expenses in the quarter.
 Thanks.
 Hi, Emily. Thanks for your question. This is Damian.
 The new campaign was extremely effective, it's been extremely effective, it's still
 running. And what we are pointing towards is getting back to travel and being able to afford
 to travel as we always have been positioned in the mice of consumers. We do not expect
 that this will represent or be reflected in any lower take rates.
 Remember that, as we mentioned during the very remarks, we have enhanced significantly
 There were many months in Capabini disease.
 So we are being much more effective in the past in increasing demand without having to
 to give up significantly on the tech break.
 So the numbers that Alberto referred
 in the previous question should be sustained over the next few months.
 Very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session.
 I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for the final remarks.
 Thank you very much.
 just wanted to thank all of you for your participation
 an interest in despegar.
 We hope you all remain healthy and safe.
 And thank you for joining us today, looking forward to seeing you on our next call.
 Bye.
 Thank you. This includes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's
 presentation, you may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.