 Good morning, and welcome to the Desperador Third Quarter 21 Earnings Conference Call.
 A slide presentation is accompanying today's webcast
 and is available in the Investor section of the company's website,
 investor.despagot.com
 There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation.
 This conference call is being recorded
 As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Natalia Nirenberg, Investor Relations.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for a discussion of our third quarter 2021 regards.
 In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with U.S.,
 generally.
 Accounting Principles.
 Links Casker than non-draft financial measures
 on operating metrics, including exploring
 exchange user calculations.
 Investors should read the definition of these measures and metrics including the number
 especially carefully to ensure that they understand them.
 No ungarza en eso en eso, sino pereza en Netflix.
 should not be considered in isolation as substitute for or superior use-up financial measures,
 and I provided a supplementary information one way.
 before we begin
 our before remarks, allow me to remind you
 a certain statement may be in that
 concept and discussion
 may constitute
 which are based on management's current expectations
 for the
 and I touched you a number of weeks
 and uncertainty.
 that will cause actual results to not be really fair,
 Thank you.
 that may be beyond the company's control.
 These include, but are not limited to, expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the integration and performance of the businesses we acquired, including best-day and gone.
 for a description of the team,
 Please refer to our filing.
 the security
 and Exchange Commission, and our brief release.
 speaking on today's call
 is about TVO
 that means
 we probably
 an overview of the first quarter and update you on our strategic priorities.
 Alberto López-Hazny, our CSO, will then discuss the quarter's financial results.
 After that, we'll open the call to your question.
 Daniel, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Natalia, and good morning, everyone.
 Thank you for joining us and for your interest in the Spegai.
 Our third quarter results demonstrate that the strategic
 initiative undertaken
 since the start of the pandemic
 and their successful execution are delivering improved margins
 when compared to 2018.
 Our performance this quarter underscores the future earnings power of the company.
 I'd like to touch on some highlights.
 We have strong recovery across most of our markets, mainly driven by increased demand
 for domestic travel.
 international
 church
 in
 international
 is just starting to pick up as many countries begin opening their borders to fully vaccinated
 jurists.
 Thus, our international transactions increased 120% sequentially, coming from very low levels.
 As a result, we reported sequential increases of 34% in gross bookings and 44% in transactions.
 This was driven by, first of all, capturing the pick-up in Brazil, Argentina, and Chile,
 countries
 that were impacted in the prior quarter
 with the second wave of the virus.
 Second, another strong quarter in Colombia, where we observed significant pent-up demand.
 Mexico was the standout in the prior quarter, but had a weaker performance in July and August,
 and some of Best Day's stores
 could not open
 due to the restrictions that impacted some key touristic destinations.
 In a positive tone, our Mexican operations began to recover in September, and this has
 continues into October.
 Our geographic diversification has allowed us to capture growth across the region as
 market recover.
 We continue to closely monitor
 the key levers of the company,
 may be price, marketing expenses, and installments.
 After improvement in our management revenue toolkit, we have been able to report stronger
 takeaways than pre-pandemic, reaching 12.7%, as reported, and 13.7%, excluding extraordinary
 cancellations.
 Similar to past quarters, our take rate benefited from the investments we have made in technology
 and analytics, which allowed us
 to price more accurately, improving algorithms to capture more profitable transactions
 and the positive impact from best days, which has a higher take rate, were also key contributors.
 At the same time, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, revenue growth was more than doubled
 increase in cost of revenues.
 Lastly, operating expenses increased only 3% sequentially, even as the investments
 in selling and marketing
 during the quarter,
 where 36% up sequentially
 and in line with the increase in gross bookings.
 Our business leverages the actions taken last year to improve profitability.
 this has allowed us
 to be very close to achieving adjusted EBITDA break-even
 when excluding extraordinary charities.
 even with gross bookings at only 56% of the third quarter of 2018 level.
 Importantly, for the month of September, we achieved positive adjusted EBITDA, excluding extraordinary charges.
 This was an important milestone for us.
 who remain well capitalized with a healthy cash position of $276 million,
 dollars.
 Turning to slide 4 for a discussion on a few of our key markets, as various geographies
 have reopened post-pandemic, consumers have shifted some spend towards travel and entertainment.
 Along these lines, Brazil and Colombia posted the highest level of gross booking since the
 start of the pandemic.
 with most states in the sea lifting
 restrictions in July,
 gross bookings in the quarrel
 where app
 is
 handy
 on
 26% sequentially, and ASPs up 33% in the same period.
 By mid-September, several countries lifted restrictions, allowing fully vaccinated Brazilians
 to travel overseas.
 furthermore
 as of November the 8th,
 Fully vaccinated Brazilians are now allowed to travel to the U.S.
 so we improve our full vaccination.
 In Mexico, although borders remained open for flights, activities were not
 in main cities
 were particularly restricted
 to control an increase in COVID cases.
 These restrictions affected best-day offline source performance in July and August.
 On a positive note, gross bookings
 have been increasing month over month
 Since August, an international travel was stable on a sequential basis.
 Regarding the rest of LATAM,
 not worthy
 Colombia was 32%
 above the third quarter
 of 2019, pre-pandemic levels, reflected pent-up demand as travel restrictions were lifted earlier
 in the year. In Argentina,
 you observe
 the sequential is
 150% increase in gross
 Finally, in Chile,
 crossbooking
 nearly doubled sequentially.
 and the significant growth trend continued into October.
 As we entered the fourth quarter, October continued with this positive trend across the region.
 Just to summarize, our geographic diversification has been key in providing a more consistent
 overall performance for the company.
 Turning to slide 5, we have two really strong initiatives that we continue to deliver on
 and that I will discuss today.
 First, our loyalty program has been widely accepted and we have reached the one million member milestone.
 Today,
 pasaportes
 is available in Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico.
 In this regard, we recently signed an agreement
 who loves a co-branded credit card.
 Mexico in partnership with
 index and market
 Also, capitalizing on increased travel demand
 We launched our first offline marketing campaign since 2020.
 it's time to travel again
 and can be seen across all media in Latin America.
 In Brazil, we have been offering more financing options to customers.
 With Coin, we have further deepened penetration in the Collar, accounting for 6.5% of all
 transactions in the third week of
 October, with a record total purchase volume.
 Additionally, 5.5% of the collateral transactions in October were paid through PICS, which result
 in much lower cost of revenue
 for the collar
 given that these transactions are processed internally.
 We also completed the implementation of risk-based pricing in the travel vertical,
 which allows us to match the interest rate chart
 to the risk profile of different customers.
 On Coin's B2B business, we continue expanding the number of merchants in the e-commerce
 percent.
 which we now provide the alternative means for customers
 to pay via boleto parcelado.
 If I now pay later, payment solution.
 We now have 30 merchants signed up.
 We also added four new merchants in payments and fraud,
 bringing the total number of merchants to 10 year-to-date.
 Notably, COIN's total purchase value for the quarter triple sequential.
 as we look ahead
 we expect to be adding more industries to our two verticals in the very near future.
 We see a very attractive potential for coin services.
 Buy Now, Pay Later, and Fraud Prevention, which have a total addressable market of between
 15 and 20 billion dollars
 in Latin America.
 I will now turn the call over to Alberto to discuss this quarter's financial results.
 Thank you, Damian, and thank you all for joining us today.
 Turning to page 6, past reported revenues increased 32% sequentially to 37% below third quarter-19 pre-pandemic levels.
 compared with 39% below second quarter 19 levels
 in the prior quarter.
 including extraordinary cancellations
 in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic.
 revenues would have been 32% below third quarter 19 levels.
 Note that this quarter, we also saw lower cancellations.
 The ratio of cancellation to gross bookings decreased 33 basis points, quarter on quarter.
 Importantly, our day rate remains strong, reaching 12.7%, as reported, and 13.7% when
 excluding extraordinary cancellations.
 Key factors in this development were the contribution from
 best day and improvement in revenue management.
 implemented since last year, which have allowed us to further optimize pricing through more
 advanced algorithms.
 Now, please turn to slide seven.
 Moving on to profitability, we achieved the best quarterly adjusted EBITDA since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic in seventh quarter of 2020.
 despite posting
 growth bookings
 for the
 four percent below
 quarter 19
 we were very close to
 break even when
 excluding extraordinary charges.
 This is proof of the initiatives launched during this period, particularly in terms of cost reduction.
 Students don't have any charges.
 comparable adjusted dividend near breakeven reaching a loss of 3.6 million improving from
 losses of $10.5 million in the third quarter, and nearly $17 million in third quarter 2020.
 This compares with a comparable adjusted EBITDA gain of over $9 million in third quarter
 the 19th.
 Note that one-time charges were nearly $7 million in the quarter, mainly in connection
 with extraordinary cancellations resulting from the surge in COVID-19 cases compared to non-recurrent
 charges of $12 million in second quarter of 2021.
 one.
 We are confident that Despegar will be coming out of the pandemic as a more profitable company.
 better diversified,
 both from a geographic and product mix perspective
 but by a more sustainable business model.
 Now, please turn to slide eight.
 We closed the quarter with a solid cash position of $276 million.
 donors.
 As travel conditions improved,
 Use of cash during the quarter increased to nearly $40 million.
 Recall that in the second quarter, we had granted a higher number of vouchers to customers whose travel plans were impacted by a spike in COVID cases, mainly in Brazil.
 while this resulted in a lower use of cash
 of close to 10 million in second quarter of 2021
 with better travel conditions
 in this past quarter
 we saw a pick-up in demand
 with customers redeeming travel vouchers.
 The redemption of these vouchers,
 added 15 million to the cash burn
 that we have been voted recently of $25 million.
 in turn
 our net payable
 position, decreased nearly $20 million in the quarter.
 now please turn to slide 9
 for the key takeaways of the quarter.
 First, we delivered a strong sequential recovery, driven by better performance across our key
 except for Mexico dismounted.
 Brazil led the recovery, with gross bookings up 126% sequentially, but still 60% below
 19 levels
 Colombia also showed a strong pent-up with gross bookings exceeding third quarter 19 levels by 32%.
 Second, EBITDA, excluding cancellations, near breakeven.
 even with gross booking still
 44% below 19 levels.
 as the initiatives implemented since the start of the pandemic
 have significantly strengthened the earnings power of the company.
 This positive trend in profitability continued into September
 with adjusted TB dial reaching break-even levels
 when excluding extraordinary cancellations.
 Fourth, we continue to deepen customer engagement with our loyalty program, reaching the one million member milestone in Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico combined.
 As the money has picked up, we also launched our first offline marketing campaign since
 second quarter last year. Finally, on the ESG front, we launched our
 Materiology Survey last month, and look forward to sharing the results in our next ESG report.
 Now, please turn to slide 10 for final remarks.
 Despite ongoing volatility and some macro-mergeness, our long-term vision is, if anything, in sharper focus.
 The initiatives required to realize it are fully in the way, even as we work through
 near-term market challenges, and consumer behavior continues to adjust.
 Looking at the fourth quarter, the strong recovery observed in gross bookings in September
 continued into October, reaching 72% of 19 booking levels.
 In addition, we expect November and December to continue with these positive trends,
 benefiting from industry marketing events
 such as the Buen Fin campaign in Mexico and Black Friday in Brazil.
 December also marks the start of the summer season in LATAM, which should also contribute
 to higher demand in the region.
 In this context, we are stepping up our marketing efforts while keeping a heightened focus on
 probability. To illustrate the point, on a
 On a weekly basis, we are launching a minimum of four and
 and repeatable deals by country.
 while carefully balancing the price financing perception.
 With respect to best day, we are on track with integration
 of the in-destination activity segment and expect
 to fully finalize the integration of this acquisition as planned by first quarter next year.
 we are also making
 steady headway in expanding coins acquisitions operations.
 In addition to adding new logos in the B2B business segment in Brazil,
 who are taking the first steps to launch COIN in Mexico early next year.
 Finally, we are in conversation with several suppliers across the region to expand our
 customers.
 rental inventory to meet current higher demand in this product segment.
 In summary, our continued focus on execution
 and our improved performance to date,
 together with a positive progression in demand, are quite encouraging.
 We believe that while forecasting future performance still presents some challenges
 due to the ups and downs of the pandemic.
 pandemic, we expect that the developments in vaccination front will generate the confidence
 to go back to normal travel patterns.
 The third quarter and year-to-date results
 reinforce our confidence in our strategy, and represent focus and discipline in executing our long-term strategic plan.
 This concludes our prepared remarks.
 We are ready to answer your questions.
 Operator, please open the line for questions.
 Thank you.
 now begin the question and answer session. To ask a question, you may press star, then
 one on your touch-time phone.
 If you are using a speakerphone, we ask you to please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 If your question has been addressed and you'd like to remove yourself from Q, please press star and then 2.
 once again ladies and gentlemen
 That's star than one
 If you have a question
 And today's first question comes from Ed Yaruma with KeyBank.
 Please go ahead
 Hey, good morning.
 Thanks for taking the question, and nice to see the sequential improvement.
 I guess a couple of things for me. First, I think you guys have done a really good job of, you know, right sides in the business during the pandemic and making yourselves more efficient.
 is there a way that we should think as bookings rebuild from an incremental
 margin perspective and how the shape may differ than what we've seen previously.
 and second
 kind of as expected
 You're going to draw down on the cash a bit, I guess, as people redeem vouchers.
 How should we think about the cash usage progression over the next couple quarters, and when will that trough?
 Thank you.
 Ed, Alberto, good morning.
 Thanks for your question.
 on cash
 Allow me to reiterate what we discussed in prior calls.
 I actually recall your question.
 Okay, we are looking at the similar levels to what we have discussed,
 let's say, like a minimum cash balance for the year of around $250,000, okay?
 And in particular,
 driven
 for the same reasons
 that you
 highlighted
 Okay.
 With regards to
 with regards to
 margins, okay, and clearly
 we are in the trajectory
 is that we're actually reaching a break-even point, okay?
 We already, in the month of October that we are closing those figures, okay, we're seeing
 already
 blue lines when it comes to
 at an EBITDA level
 that is particularly encouraging.
 when you start looking at margins
 let's say, top to bottom, we are seeing take rate at similar levels to the ones we have
 been discussing.
 Okay, let's recall what we have mentioned in prior calls about having, let's say, a long-term trajectory on ticket at around 12%.
 Okay, 12% plus, that is higher in around 50 basis points we will discuss in pre-pandemic.
 With regards to structural cost, what we have said is that the structural cost should actually
 benefit from, let's say, around 60% operating leverage, meaning that if orders were to grow
 around 100. Structural costs should be growing no more than 40%. And that, I would say,
 points to a picture on what could be the profitability of the company going forward,
 that it should be in excess of what we were discussing pre-pandemic in the long run.
 Got it.
 And maybe one other follow-up.
 You indicated you're looking to kind of rebuild inventory for packages, given some of the demand signals you're seeing.
 I guess, how quickly can that happen, and do you expect that you'll be able to have enough kind of capacity for the peak travel seasons?
 Thank you.
 We currently see, I think that answer has maybe two different ideas.
 Number one is the company continues to be, let's say, on the sidelines when it comes to, let's say, securing inventory as we have done pre-pandemic.
 Remember that we were actually at around, let's say, 5%, between 5% to 10%, no more than that, of all the gross bookings we're selling were actually secured or paid in advance on capacity at hotels and or airlines.
 Since the pandemic struck, we were completely on the sidelines of that, and we are not thinking about starting to push into that arena as of, let's say, the next few quarters.
 and we do not see a reason to do it given, number one, the ups and downs of the business,
 and number two, we see
 we see capacity, so there's no need to do it, okay? Of course, we see that as a profitable business,
 and that will put our foot on the gas pedal as we are fully recovered
 because we see there's opportunity to gain extra margin.
 But for the time being, we will not do it.
 in addition
 and in general inventory
 What we are seeing is that airlines are increasing their network significantly in Latin America for the upcoming two to three months.
 So everything that's available from the airlines and the hotel is going to be in the Spegar.
 and we are seeing increasing levels of inventory on both areas.
 So we are confident that the pace of the recovery will be sustained over the
 next few months.
 Very good.
 Thank you so much.
 And, ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, if you'd like to ask a question,
 Please press star and then one.
 Our next question comes from Kevin Koppelman with Cowan & Company.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 This is Emily on for Kevin.
 And thanks for taking my question.
 you mentioned a new marketing campaign
 launching in Q4
 focused on affordability, and I was just wondering if you could help us understand
 how that will affect revenue take rate installments
 and sales and marketing expenses in the quarter.
 Thanks.
 Hi, Emily.
 Thanks for your question.
 this is Damian
 the new campaign
 was extremely
 effective, he's been extremely effective, he's still running
 and what we are pointing
 towards is getting back to
 travel and
 been able to afford
 to travel
 as we always have been positioned
 in the minds of consumers.
 We do not expect that this will represent or be reflected in any lower take rates.
 Remember that, as you mentioned during the very much, we have enhanced musical
 our revenue management capabilities.
 So we are being much more effective in the past
 increasing demand
 without having to give up significantly on the tech rate.
 So the numbers that Alberto referred to in the previous question should be sustained over the next few months.
 Very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session.
 I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for the final remarks.
 Thank you very much.
 I just wanted to thank all of you for your participation and interest in the Stegar.
 We hope you all remain healthy and safe.
 and thanks for joining us today.
 Looking forward to seeing you on our next call.
 Bye.
 Thank you.
 This includes today's conference call.
 We thank you all for attending today's presentation.
 You may not disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.
 What?
 Thank you.