 Good morning, and welcome to the Q3 2020 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call.
 My name is Zanara, and I'll be the operator for today's call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 Later, we will conduct a question and answer session.
 During the question and answer session, if you have a question, please press star, then
 one on your touchtone phone.
 Please note this conference is being recorded.
 I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSantis.
 Mr. DeSantis, you may begin.
 Thanks, Anara.
 Hello and welcome this morning to our listeners.
 I'll first introduce the members of the ConocoPhillips executive team who are on today's call.
 We have Ryan Lance, our chairman and CEO.
 our EVP and Chief Operating Officer, Bill Bullock, our Executive Vice President and
 and Chief Financial Officer.
 We have Dominic Macklin, our Senior Vice President of Strategy, Exploration, and Technology.
 and Nick Olds, our Senior Vice President of Global Operations.
 Brian will open this morning with some prepared remarks and then the team will take your questions.
 Before I turn the call over to Ryan, a few reminders.
 In conjunction with this morning's press release, we posted a short deck of supplemental material
 regarding the quarter onto our website.
 that's available for your access.
 Next, we will make some forward-looking statements this morning based on current expectations
 as well as statements about the proposed business combination announced last week between
 ConocoPhillips and Concho. A description of the risks associated with forward-looking statements
 and other important information about the proposed transaction
 can be found in today's press release,
 all of which are incorporated by reference for purposes of this call.
 We'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today and reconciliations to the
 nearest corresponding gap measure
 can be found in this morning's press release
 and also on our website.
 Thank you.
 And now I will turn the call over to Ryan.
 thank you
 Ellen, and good morning to our listeners.
 Before we get into our third quarter results, I'll take a few minutes to address last week's announcement of our combination with Concho Resources.
 We've spent a lot of time talking to the market over the past several days,
 And I'm pleased to say that the feedback has been positive.
 By the way, earlier this week, we added some annotations to our transaction deck for clarification.
 Today's call is a great opportunity to reflect on our conversations and reiterate the compelling
 merits of the transaction for both
 sets of shareholders.
 I'll start at the highest level.
 Our announced transaction with Concho combines two widely recognized leaders in the sector.
 ConocoPhillips
 has been a
 recognized leader in the returns on
 and returns of capital model for the business.
 and Concho has been a recognized leader
 in the Pyramion pure play class.
 Yep, while we're both best-in-class companies on a standalone basis, by scaling up our existing
 returns focused business model
 We are stronger and more investable within the sector, characterized by frequent price cycles, industry maturity, capital intensity, and ESG focus.
 We'll be a nearly $60 billion enterprise that is uniquely positioned to create sustained value
 by embracing what we believe are the three essential future mandates for our sector.
 and these mandates are
 First, providing affordable energy to the world.
 Second.
 committed to ESG excellence, and third, delivering competitive returns.
 We believe the transaction accelerates our ability to successfully and simultaneously
 deliver on all three of these mandates.
 That's how we will win.
 Now, let me take these mandates one by one in the context of our transaction.
 all future energy scenarios, we know
 the world will need hydrocarbons as part
 of the energy mix for a long time, even as we see increasing
 adoption of low carbon energy sources however we also recognize that the
 The energy transition means the winners will be those companies with resources that can
 be affordably developed
 in any transition scenario,
 including a less than two-degree scenario.
 That's the reason we've always been committed to having the lowest cost of supply resource
 space in the industry the company will have a 23 billion barrel resource base
 for the cost of supply, less than $40 a barrel.
 Concho gets the benefits of our global, diverse, and lower capital intensity portfolio attributes.
 ConocoPhillips gets the benefit of adding some of the best resources in the world.
 And, by the way, we've studied rock quality everywhere.
 Now, let's move on to the second mandate, a commitment to ESG excellence.
 In conjunction with last week's transaction, we announced we're adopting a Paris-aligned
 climate risk framework.
 We're the first U.S.-based oil and gas company to do so.
 Our framework includes specific emissions intensity reduction goals, a commitment to
 no routine flaring.
 permanently installed methane monitoring and advocating for a well-designed carbon price
 in the U.S.
 This framework is in service to our ambition to reach a net-zero operational emissions target by 2050.
 Now, we've been asked in our engagement meetings if this framework included the portfolio
 effects of the concho assets?
 The explicit answer is no.
 We were preparing to issue our new climate risk framework before the transaction was agreed.
 However, we see the addition of Concho's assets as being consistent with
 and accretive to these goals.
 The production emissions of the U.S. unconventionals
 are among the lowest GHD intensity assets in the world.
 So, the addition of these resources will be a benefit to our projections, plans, and targets.
 Now, the third mandate, delivering competitive returns is an imperative for attracting and
 retaining investors to the sector.
 company has been all about returns and that won't change.
 In fact, the combined company will be uniquely positioned to deliver on the proven returns
 focused value proposition, we know
 investors want from our sector
 because of several advantaged attributes and demonstrated priorities.
 For example, as I just described, the transaction creates a massive, resilient, low-cost-to-supply
 resource base.
 I discussed this as part of Mandate 1, but also add that low cost of supply is the best
 assurance by definition for delivering competitive financial returns through price cycles after the
 deal closes, we'll publish our combined
 cost of supply curve.
 I have no doubt it will be best in class.
 By the way, we've been asked about how we view risk in the event of a change in leadership in Washington.
 our view is that while
 it might create some headwinds for the industry.
 our company's global diversification
 and our mix of private, state, and federal leases in the U.S. assures that we are competitively
 position for that outcome.
 And we accounted for this potential risk in our evaluation of the overall transaction.
 action.
 and low capital intensity matters.
 And, as I just mentioned, we preserve those portfolio characteristics.
 Thanks.
 Adding Contra's unconventional assets into our portfolio will not make a material difference
 to our base decline rate.
 That means we retain our diversification and low capital intensity advantage for the benefit of both shareholders.
 We'll apply our disciplined, consistent approach to future investment programs.
 Capital will be allocated first on a basis of cost of supply, and then based on secondary criteria, such as flexibility, capital intensity, asset optimization, affordability, and free cash flow generation.
 And our expanded Permian program resulting from the transaction will be integrated within
 in the total company plan to optimize overall outcomes
 and value.
 the combination creates greater visibility on earnings expansion and free cash flow generation
 Factoring in our announced $500 million targeted cost and capital savings, the transaction
 is accretive on all key consensus
 financial metrics, including
 earnings, free cash flow,
 and free cash flow yield.
 Finally, our strong balance sheet
 plus free cash flow generation
 means we're even better positioned to give investors what they want from this business,
 returns of capital.
 The transaction enhances our ability to meet our stated target of returning more than 30% of our CFO to our owners annually.
 and this target isn't an ambition
 It's what we've been doing for the past four years.
 In fact, we returned over 40% of our CFO to owners over that period, and it will remain a key part of our future offering.
 The bottom line, this transaction creates a best-in-class competitor of scale to thrive in a new energy future.
 That is compelling for shareholders for both companies.
 Now, a few comments on what to expect next.
 our s4 filing should be filed in the next couple of weeks and we expect the transaction to close in
 in the first quarter of 2021.
 integration planning is already underway
 Dominic Macklin will lead the effort for ConocoPhillips.
 And Will Giroux will lead the effort for Conchip.
 Both sides are excited and committed to a very successful integration.
 As part of the integration planning, we'll begin to evaluate how best to optimize our
 of our future investment programs.
 would expect to announce
 pro forma capex for next year shortly after closing but directionally on a standalone conoco
 Philips spaces, we remain
 cautious on the pace and timing of
 recovery.
 So as a place to start, we're currently thinking we entered 2021 CapEx at a level that is roughly
 similar to this year's capital, meaning little to no production growth on a standalone basis.
 Of course, we retain the flexibility to adjust as the year progresses.
 We have the capital flexibility, the balance sheet, and the cash on hand to respond as
 necessary to changes in the macro
 while meeting our capital return priority.
 And that brings me to a few comments on the third quarter results.
 It's certainly been of all year for the business, as we all know.
 The company took some significant actions to respond to the downturn, including production
 and curtailments
 And over the past couple of quarters, we also carried out our major seasonal turnarounds.
 So a bit of noise in the second quarter and third quarter numbers.
 But by the end of the third quarter,
 the containment program was behind us
 The seasonal turnarounds were complete, and the underlying business was running very well.
 As you saw in this morning's release, third quarter results were in alignment with expectations.
 we've reinstated guidance
 that you should think of
 and they should take the fourth quarter as the new baseline for 21
 capital and production.
 Those I just mentioned that subject ongoing monitoring and market conditions
 We look forward to keeping you updated on our integration progress
 and our future plans for the business.
 And finally, we hope everyone's safe and well, and now I'll turn it over to the operator
 for Q&A.
 Thank you.
 we will now begin the question and answer session.
 If you have a question, please press star, then one on your touchtone phone.
 If you're using a speaker phone, you may need to pick up the handset first before pressing
 the numbers.
 Once again, if you have a question, please press star, then one on your touchtone phone.
 waiting on standby for any questions
 And our first question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
 please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 Yes.
 Hello.
 question just want to ask about the quarter here it looks like there's some
 moving pieces around cash flows, affiliate distributions, and some other factors there.
 So I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color there and help us think about
 how you would define a clean CFO in the quarter.
 Yeah, thanks, Phil.
 Well, I'll let Bill Bullock can answer that for you.
 Thanks.
 Hi, Phil.
 So, yeah, for the quarter, cash from operations, ex-working capital, was about $1,230,000,000.
 And we had a couple of one-time benefits in the quarter, a legal settlement and an audit settlement totaling $130 million of that.
 But we also had curtailments in the quarter of about 90,000 barrels a day.
 So the foregone cash flow for that would have been about $150 million of cash.
 So if you think of a clean run rate number for the quarter, a good place to be thinking
 is about $1,250,000,000 for the quarter.
 now you asked about equity distributions
 We didn't have a distribution from APL&G in the quarter.
 we received
 distributions
 through the second quarter of about $500 million
 from APLNG, and for the
 remainder of the year we're expecting a little under $200 million in the fourth quarter. That
 That would give a full-year distribution of somewhere around $680 to $700 million for
 the year.
 Okay, great.
 very helpful
 I guess this kind of
 dovetails into my second question, which is, um, you know,
 We continue to get some questions here around this pro forma CFO guidance that you provided.
 And so if I look at the results you just talked about, the 1.25 and what Contro reported the
 the other night, which I think ex-Hedges was around 500.
 So perhaps you could help us bridge these results, which I think are about $41 WTI to
 to the seven
 billion, $40 WTI guidance that you provided?
 Yeah, thanks, Phil.
 I know there's a number of moving parts there, as you described.
 And, yeah, we've had a few people point out that they thought the $7 billion at $40 a barrel for the combined company looked a little bit light.
 So now we've seen the third quarter, if you adjust for conscious hedging benefits and what Bill just described on our equity affiliates, I think you get something closer to the mid to high sevens, you know, at $40.
 So maybe I'll let Matt add a little bit of color to those details.
 yeah
 if you
 if you look at the clean
 third quarter
 for both companies.
 as Bill explained the errors.
 It would imply somewhere between seven and a half
 78 at $40 a barrel.
 now that the range is basically based on the uncertainty in the equity affiliates distribution
 If we've got similar distributions to this year, we'd be the top end in that range.
 And these numbers also include a pro forma assumption that we'd get the full year of expected cost savings that we announced, which was $350 million of cash.
 And that's what shows up in these numbers.
 There's also the $150 million of capital that doesn't affect CFO directly.
 does that help film
 I'll take that as a yes.
 Yeah, I hope so.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Doug Tarrison from Evercore ISI.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Good morning, everybody.
 Morning, Doug.
 one of the hallmarks
 shrine of Conoco and Phillips before
 the merger and even after the split
 in 2012 has been
 corporate agility is the way I like to think
 about it and the ability to create value and strategic transactions over the
 near and medium-term periods.
 And on this point, while you guys have been pretty clear about the operating and capital
 cost benefits that you're going to get as well as some of the enhancements that you're going to get
 from a higher quality investment portfolio.
 So my question is whether there are areas that you're optimistic about
 that may or may not be as obvious,
 that stand to deliver further upside,
 areas that you're really confident about similar to situations that you've had in
 the past with other transactions and then second what are the two to three most important things
 that you think
 that the new management group brings to the organization.
 so two questions
 Yeah, thanks, Doug.
 Maybe start, let Dominic add a few comments.
 You're right.
 You know, when we put out the synergy number, we see a lot of other synergy numbers that people put out there.
 and it seems like a fair amount of arm-waving.
 We wanted to be pretty specific about the $500 million that we described.
 But the second page, which I think is what you're alluding to a little bit
 that I can let Dominic add on is, yeah, we fully expect that we're going to get additional
 opportunity, either through price uplift or various other forms to add incremental value
 to this transaction.
 And, Dominic, maybe you could describe a little bit of what the integration team is going to be looking at.
 Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Ryan and Doug. Thanks for the question.
 And, you know, obviously we're very focused on delivering the 500 million that we have put out there as a commitment.
 But certainly we see opportunity beyond that.
 I think we kind of outlined those in our deck.
 I think just to talk more about those specifically,
 I think the ones
 that we're most optimistic about.
 You know, on the marketing side,
 Concho typically sells our product to the wellhead.
 We sell further down the value chain to improve realization.
 So, you know, we have a very strong commercial group, ConocoPhillips, so we're certainly excited about that.
 you know
 Concho
 have been doing extremely well in the Permian
 on the drilling completion costs
 the performance has been excellent
 And they're further down the learning curve than us there.
 So we do expect to see that accelerate, you know, the performance on our acreage, too.
 And, of course, we expect, you know, improved performance across the lower 48
 from sharing best practices
 and technologies between Eagleford and the Permian and the Bakken and so on.
 So definitely operational efficiencies.
 And then on the supply chain side, obviously, we're going to have increased purchasing power, scale, flexibility.
 So we're anticipating, you know, upside in all these areas and some additional areas, too, that we'll be working on in the coming months here.
 So Will and I are already talking about these.
 We're pretty excited about it, and we'll look forward to see how these develop through next year.
 And maybe your last question, Doug, so Dominic mentioned Will, and then what Tim, you know,
 What we really appreciate out of what they bring to our company is some incredible Permian expertise and experience.
 they have the networks
 They have broader and deeper networks than we really have in the Permian,
 and given their longtime association and presence there
 and what Tim's built is, you know, two or three goes at it
 and what he's done over the last 30 years in the Permian Basin.
 And I'll tell you,
 you know,
 I've had a lot of conversations with CEOs over the course of the last couple of years.
 and what I've come to appreciate
 tim shares a passion for this business and a vision for what's going to what it's going to
 take to be successful over the next decade
 and beyond that is really consistent with my view or our view of what it's going to
 take to really
 succeed and beat the competition so
 and then i'd say finally probably you know we're both very committed to a successful deal and
 And we're both committed to getting the secret sauce that is ConocoPhillips
 combined with the secret sauce that is Concho
 and make something that's even better going forward.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 great thanks guys
 appreciate you guys taking the questions
 So the first is a follow-up on...
 Uh,
 uh,
 distributions, including from
 APLG but just equity affiliates
 broadly
 how do you think about that
 You made a comment in the deck that we shouldn't expect that to be ratable.
 Can you talk about different oil price levels and how we should be thinking about modeling those distributions coming into the business?
 Yeah, sure, Neil. This is Bill.
 I think
 as you're thinking about equity affiliates
 we've talked in the past
 and how they aren't rateable.
 You should be thinking about the distributions from APL and G in terms of being more significant
 in the second and fourth quarter
 and lighter in the first and third.
 but as you think about them going into next year
 and you look at more like strip prices for next year,
 Thank you, sir.
 by the range of $600 million to $800 million
 from equity affiliates at those kind of pricing,
 that's going to
 and that gets you into the ballpark.
 It obviously depends on how they're performing in terms of the markets and how we're optimizing
 capital over in APLG, but that'll get you
 pretty close.
 It's a great bell, isn't it?
 Ryan, as a follow-up.
 And just as a reminder,
 just as a reminder
 Neil, we do have a sensitivity for that in our price deck for the pricing.
 That's right.
 That's right, yeah.
 And the supplemental materials we included today.
 Great, guys.
 Go ahead, Neil.
 at a second follow-up?
 Yeah, it was really just about Alaska,
 and I know we're a couple days away from the election,
 but it's probably a very sensitive topic
 but just sort of your temperature on the Fair Share Act
 and just in general your message around Alaska
 and you think about the cadence of spend and investment there.
 Yeah, you bet. I'll let Matt
 Matt's been following that closely
 I have too
 but Matt's got a good answer.
 Yeah, I knew that
 I mean, as you know,
 there are really three movements
 they're tropical just now
 There's the ballot initiative to increase the production tax.
 There's the status of the Willow project, and there's the impact, if any, of a change
 in administration if that happens on federal land permitting.
 so I probably should talk about all three of them
 so that we can hopefully clear up Alaska
 with this one question.
 so as you know
 the ballot measure would impose a tax increase in production.
 And that's going to have two problems, two adverse effects.
 It's going to reduce the competitiveness of investment in Alaska
 and it's going to increase uncertainty and instability.
 and so that's not going to be good
 And we've got years of development opportunities left in Alaska, but a shift of capital from Alaska to elsewhere is going to be rational if taxes are increased.
 I mean, this is a production tax, and what you tax more, you get less of.
 So that should be expected if those advocating for this
 and voting for the proposal should understand that.
 And we've been pretty clear
 where it's sort of
 to avoid any doubt in Alaska
 that if the measure passes, drilling in the big three fields,
 the targets for the tax increase.
 It's not going to resume in 2021 and maybe beyond that.
 So the, you know, Alaska jobs, contract labor, all the associated services are going to be adversely impacted by this change.
 And the contractors, the unions, all the other businesses up there understand us,
 and they've opposed, for the most part,
 opposing the change in the tax regime.
 But it's now up to the electorate to decide and elections have consequences.
 so we're getting down to the wire here
 and we really feel as if we have to be clear
 with the Alaska voters.
 On the Willow project itself,
 we passed a big milestone earlier this week
 we got a
 favorable record of decision from the BLM after more than two years of process.
 So that keeps us on track with our project timeline.
 and it's worth understanding
 and that permit was received under the 2013 Integrated Activity Plan
 for the National Petroleum Reserve.
 and those are rules that were set under the Obama and then administration
 so they should stand up well to scrutiny under a change in administration if that happens
 So we're working towards a concept selection
 and moving to feed by the end of this year.
 Of course, this assumes the ballot measure fails when taxes are not increased.
 If it passes, we'll need to reconsider the timing
 because a little
 Willow isn't directly targeted by the tax increases.
 There's going to be knock-on effects on the other fields
 because of the lack of available capital.
 and the last one is the federal land permitting in Alaska
 more generally if there's a change in administration
 we would expect that to have a relatively limited impact on us.
 I mean, although 65% of our acreage is on federal land,
 only represents about 5% of our production.
 now some coming production
 and GMT2 in particular is on federal land,
 but it's well underway
 first production will be at the end of next year
 so we don't expect that will be affected at all.
 willows on federal land of course
 But neither Willow nor GMT-1 or GMT-2, the federal land drill sites, use anything other
 than conventional simulation techniques so if this is about fracking there they
 shouldn't be influenced by that.
 So I guess we've been clear with the Alaska electorate
 about the implications of
 ballot measure one we expect any implications of the change in administration to in dc to have a
 relatively limited impact on us.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Janine Wye from Barclays.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hi, good morning, good afternoon, everyone.
 Thanks for taking your call.
 Good morning, Janine.
 Good morning.
 Maybe, sorry, just one more on Alaska, if I could real quick following up on Neil's question.
 It's a little bit different.
 But, I mean, last year on the Analyst Day, you talked about how Willow would be contingent upon selling down 25% of your position in Alaska.
 and we know that you need resolution on ballot measure one first.
 But is that 25% selldown still the case now that you have concho assets in the portfolio?
 And then maybe just on that, for the ballot measure one, we know it's a citizen ballot measure.
 And do you think that it could be likely that the legislature would potentially overturn any decision?
 um yeah jimmy this is matt matt again um we didn't we didn't really say it was
 They explicitly tie a Willow decision to a sell-down.
 but we're still anticipating that we will do a sell down in Alaska.
 It will just slow the timing of that down until we get some of these uncertainties resolved.
 So it's still on the cards that we'll make an adjustment to equity in Alaska.
 but we may still continue to proceed with the project
 in the meantime. So the timing of the project isn't contingent on the sell-down, I guess
 is what I'm seeing
 on the ballot measure one
 and then could the legislature overrule that?
 Not really.
 Not to take a little bit of time for that.
 they would have to come up with an alternative that was, you know,
 substantially similar
 or the
 so it wouldn't
 It's unlikely that they would overturn it, that they, you know, lock, stock and barrel.
 Okay, great.
 great. That's really helpful. Thank you very much. My follow-up question is just on the cash
 allocation priorities, and you indicated in your prepared remarks that
 2021 CapEx should be about similar to 2020 with little to no production growth. The strip moves
 around a lot, kind of moving against us all today, but is the right way generally to think
 about it is that in the mid 40s threshold that that threshold that you have for production growth
 it's a hard and fast criteria that need to be met, or are there just a bunch of other
 considerations that we would need to factor into the decision-making process?
 Yeah, I think we, you know, as I tried to describe, we basically use cost of supply.
 And I think as we as we think about the forward curve, we're thinking about our plans for 2020.
 And again, I mentioned those on a standalone basis for ConocoPhillips.
 That's kind of how we're thinking about it going into next year.
 it's just not cost of supply
 but it's also what kind of cash flow are we projecting to make.
 And, you know, we have the benefit of a very strong balance sheet, so we can use some of that should we need to.
 But certainly, we'd be also trying to balance the cash we're making with the CapEx that
 we're spending in the dividend that today satisfies 30 percent of our return criteria
 and more given the kinds of prices that we're seeing.
 So certainly some headwinds into the commodity price outlook right now.
 some, you know, with COVID resurgence,
 some demand certainly hasn't
 started to recover, and depending on what NOPEC or OPEC does on the supply side and
 what the U.S. response is, you know, we're watching all of that really closely to make
 sure that whatever program we put in place
 for 21 we can balance with the
 cash flows that we expect and make sure that we're investing in the
 lowest cost to supply things that we have in the portfolio only.
 Thank you.
 The question comes from Josh Silverstein from Wolf Research.
 Please go ahead.
 is open.
 Good.
 at the same time
 Maybe just giving off that last question there, you mentioned that, you know, for kind of
 it would be very similar on a year-over-year basis.
 What would the Conoco stand-alone volumes look like relative to the fourth quarter 20 volumes under that scenario?
 Yeah.
 he and Josh
 we'd expect
 under that scenario to be
 similar to fourth quarter or second half
 of the year sort of rates
 at that sort of level
 so that would be roughly 4.3
 it's what we're spending this year, which is a bit above our sustaining capital.
 I want to take an opportunity to clear that up
 because flat production
 and yet above our sustaining capital.
 So let me try and maybe explain why that's different.
 So if we were going to execute a long-term sustaining strategy for the company,
 um
 the
 we need about 3.8
 for ConocoPhillips
 stand alone
 and that was just the in production
 at one point where roughly
 a bit below 1.2 million pounds
 would be
 the uh
 But with the low cost of supply that we have in the portfolio, we don't expect that our long-term strategy will be to simply sustain production.
 the investment opportunities
 are too competitive for that
 But what Ryan is really indicating
 is that we could execute a tactical
 sustaining program, much like we have this year, and start 2020 with that sort of tactical
 and sustain
 and program and then see how demand
 recovery and supply responses shape out.
 And what the distinction between us are tactical and strategic
 and Sustainable Program is
 In a tactical sustaining program, we would still keep production flat,
 But we wouldn't completely shut down projects like Willow or exploration activity.
 those things were still
 continue
 with the anticipation that the
 ultimately we'd move away from simply
 sustaining back to some modest growth.
 So those are the things that we're working through just now in the plan.
 as Ryan said
 we shouldn't expect us to communicate 2021 capital guidance,
 certainly for the combined company until sometime after the transaction closes.
 Great. Thanks a lot.
 Yeah, I would add, Josh, you know, we have a lot of flexibility with the balance sheet, which is why, you know, if we go in at a similar level of capital to this year, you know, it may be flat to modest growth.
 so it doesn't necessarily equal flat production at the capital level going in next year.
 but that's something we'll continue to watch
 as the macro evolves
 around us.
 And then you mentioned that the, you know,
 the lower 48 assets, or I guess the unconventional assets,
 or the lowest emission part of the portfolio,
 and the contractual assets only add to that.
 I'm curious what the highest admission
 asset is and
 Does any sort of, you know,
 So I'm guessing it's something in the international portfolio.
 So do you think about M&A in that regard as well?
 Well, maybe those are abortifesture candidates.
 that kind of accelerates the gold towards getting to your 2030 path.
 Yeah, so the highest emissions assets in the portfolio just now in the operated portfolio is really oil sands.
 So that's why we're so focused on looking at ways to bring oil sands emissions down.
 and we've got a lot of
 irons in the fire there
 We're going to extend their non-condensable gas injection, which brings down steam oil ratio by keeping heat in the reservoir.
 And, of course, it's the steam oil ratio that drives the emissions intensity.
 we're also going to be deploying more
 of these full-controlled devices
 that brings us this
 steam oil ratio down, we're moving
 to add some sustaining pads
 as some of the pads get older, their steam
 oil ratio increases when you put
 new pads on that they can
 very low steam oil ratio.
 and there's other technologies that we're looking at there as well so what we're doing basically
 across the board as we're looking at all of our greenhouse gas intensity across every asset that
 we have, and we're asking ourselves
 What can we do to cost-effectively bring that down?
 and that's what
 we bring that process together
 and what we call our marginal abatement cost curve.
 and we have about 100 projects in there just now.
 Some of them are desktop exercises,
 feasibility studies
 We're spending about $90 million this year between capital and operating costs on those projects.
 But we look across the whole asset base to try and find ways to bring that down.
 And our targets, Josh, you know, that we establish the 35% to 45% reduction that doesn't require
 major portfolio changes to go do that. So we're not talking about having to sell certain assets
 That's that Matt described.
 That's things that we have identified inside the portfolio to work on with the portfolio being relatively constant over this time.
 Yeah, it's actually there's a good point line.
 is mostly driven by the fact that we're
 it's a sort of strategic shift
 and where we're investing
 we're investing in lower cap
 Greenhouse Cards and Pants
 the places like the unconventionals
 in the U.S. and Canada, like willow up in Alaska,
 which is very low intensity as well.
 So the percentage of our production that's very low intensity increases with time.
 And when you combine that with reducing the emissions intensity of our existing assets, like the oil sands, that's how we've delivered the reduction in emissions intensity over the next 10 years.
 It's not, it's not a, it's not a wing, you know what I mean?
 And we've said that it, and Matt described sort of the cost and capital is small amounts to get this plan.
 We're not talking about spending hundreds of millions of dollars of capital to go deliver this.
 this is a
 small projects that are currently baked into our plans.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Reed from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 hey thank you and good morning
 Morning, Roger.
 I guess I'd like to kick on really kind of a follow-up
 what you're talking about with Josh there.
 You think about 21 capex roughly flat, and you said, you know, you ought to be nimble next year for what comes.
 what would be the things you would be looking at?
 I mean, presumably not simply oil price up or down.
 I mean, it's I assume it's some macro factors maybe help us kind of understand some of the signals you might look for for getting more optimistic in 21.
 Yeah, I mean, it would be
 macro. We have to see how
 the
 to the
 Demand responds to what looks like a slower response than people were hoping for, especially
 with Europe and possibly the U.S. coming.
 so we have to just be cautious about that
 We have to look at how the Russia and OPEC respond.
 they have a move coming up
 at the end of November and see when we get back
 sort of drawing down the inventory.
 so the beauty of
 fair position
 is that we've got incredible flexibility.
 we've got a low break-even price to cover
 flat production and to cover the
 ever then.
 that's sustained from the
 put the two companies together.
 so we're actually
 having that flexibility and the ability to respond to
 what the market is going to give us
 is a
 is very helpful.
 so we're not going to rush headlong into
 you know trying to grow production into this
 that doesn't make any sense to us.
 We'll see how things play out here over the next several months
 And then we'll make adjustments between our low break-even and our balance sheet.
 we'll be in very good shape to assess that as we go through.
 okay
 And I would add, Roger, that, well, it's not so much even just what's the strip look like
 or what it looks like for next year.
 it's sort of a longer
 term trajectory back to what we believe is a reasonable mid-cycle
 price and we'll be reassessing what that
 mid-cycle looks like depending
 on where the demand and supply fundamentals start to kind of shake out with the U.S.
 title going down
 what happens to the election
 in Alaska and then
 And, you know, it's going to make an imminent amount of sense as we combine
 with Concho to optimize and figure out what the right level of activity is between the
 two companies.
 So you're right.
 there's a number of factors that we'll be putting into the mix as we look at not only 2021 plans but
 what the next couple, three years look like
 as this business
 recovers back to a mid-cycle, and whether
 it overshoots or undershoots.
 Well, it's the oil industry, so it'll definitely do one or the other and maybe both.
 Um, one quick, uh, kind of follow up unrelated to the first question, but related to the
 merger, some of the savings
 that you cited
 we're going to be, you know,
 exploration
 an appraisal spending that doesn't have to happen.
 And I was curious, for the assets that you won't be spending E&A money on in the near future,
 Do they just go back into the resource base, or is that something that maybe becomes more likely to be disposed of, you know, monetized in a different way?
 Yeah, Roger. It's Dominic here. Thank you.
 So what we said was that we will continue focusing our exploration effort
 on our existing business units, such as Alaska, Norway, Malaysia.
 So that will allow us to about half our exploration capital from 300 to 150.
 So those those areas such as, you know, down in South America, Colombia, Argentina and so on, we will be working sort of managed exits from those areas.
 Of course, we have a lot of value there.
 we see a lot of value
 There's a lot of good acreage there, but we'll be working to preserve value as we think about
 how to exit those areas in the future.
 So more a question of dispositions in a managed way rather than those resources staying in the portfolio.
 We have such a strong portfolio, we will with Poncho, you know, that we just think it's appropriate that we focus the exploration effort.
 And we've managed those, Roger, to where there's not excessive capital employed associated with those assets.
 But as Dominic said, we're going to do everything we can to monetize them as best we can.
 And we don't have any resource associated with any of those assets in the moment.
 on inner supply curve
 There's no resource associated with them.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets.
 Please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 Thanks.
 could you give us some color on
 And, you know, U.S. natural gas price has been pretty strong.
 And is there ability for Conoco to flex, you know, for that a little bit?
 Or is there, you know, where is your opportunity outside of Associated Gas?
 or is that really the opportunity?
 Yeah, I think the main opportunity for us, Scott, is associated gas.
 We probably have a little bit in the Anadarko Basin, but that's not capturing a lot of our capital right now.
 So it mostly, for us, we're still a pretty big marketer.
 So we were moving over 8 BCF of gas a day.
 so we see a lot of that
 so we're getting
 we're getting some uplift on the commercial side of our business with some of the
 transport capacity we have that takes gas from the Permian to the west coast and down south to
 Arizona and even into Mexico
 So that's how we're kind of taking advantage of the kind of market as we see it today.
 but on just an absolute production side
 We're not looking to ramp up, you know, dry gas.
 And it's mostly coming from the associated gas with the unconventional production.
 could you quantify
 some of the marketing benefits you all see?
 Shrek and Lead, Bill, he's head of our commercial organization
 to maybe provide a bit of color there.
 Yeah, sure.
 Sure.
 Scott, we have a very active commercial organization.
 Ryan mentioned that we're moving a little over 8 BCF a day.
 We're the fifth largest gas marketer in the U.S.
 And we provide a variety of services to various customers,
 ranging from asset management agreements to off-take agreements.
 And that provides an ability to, one, have insight into the market and also to gain margin
 and across moving across pipelines.
 So we continue to look at that and continue to move, and we're shipping gas for a profit.
 so you know
 of that 8 BCF a day,
 You know, 500 million cubic feet a day of it is ours.
 the rest of its third-party volume.
 And so we're in and out of the market on both sides on a daily basis.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Doug Ligate from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 well thanks
 good morning everybody
 I wonder, Bill, maybe I could start off with you and ask you to maybe elaborate a little bit on Ryan's comments around the potential election outcomes.
 And I'm thinking specifically about tax.
 I'm sure you guys have looked at this,
 but the thing that strikes me as a little bit disturbing is
 the potential for a minimum 15% P&L tax that puts NOLs, you know, under a bit of a spotlight.
 So I'm just wondering if you guys have thought about that,
 any scenarios that you've run, outcomes that you may expect.
 Yeah, sure.
 we've certainly taken a look at
 the various tax proposals out there
 including the Biden tax proposal.
 There's two primary elements of that that would impact us.
 Doug, the first one is obviously the change in the corporate tax rate from 21 to 28 percent.
 And the second one that would be fairly significant would be removal IDCs, particularly in our capital program, and needing to depreciate those over time.
 Those are the two main aspects as we look through it that really would have an impact on us.
 Yeah, I guess I should have been clear.
 I was talking about a potential Biden administration.
 and maybe as a follow up then
 And I know it's something that is a little bit too obvious, but we don't maybe ask it enough.
 Ryan, when yourself and when Matt put together the tidal wave scenarios
 and all the other scenarios that you laid out
 at the strategy day.
 we've now seen
 what we think is a lot of the signs
 of a bottom you know cycle coming to a bottom if you like with consolidation
 yourselves being part of that
 How does this, what you're seeing right now,
 beyond COVID
 influence your thoughts on longer term supply demand as you think about
 scenario planning I'll leave it there thanks
 Yeah, thanks, Doug.
 I'll maybe add a few
 comments Matt can jump in
 as well, but yeah, we
 We spent a lot of time trying to think about what the trajectory of the recovery looks like.
 and probably a couple of competing factors.
 We certainly see demand recovery.
 we uncertain whether it gets fully back to 100 million barrels a day, but probably taking
 a bit of time to
 get there and then I think
 equally important than maybe
 overlooked a little bit is
 what's happening on the supply side
 maybe masked a little bit today by
 duck inventory but um you know when the declines and the declines are hitting in and it was mass
 by curtailments coming back on you know there's going to be a drop in u.s supply as well so i can
 And Matt can probably chime in and describe a little bit about the net effect to the scenarios
 that we're thinking about as we
 debate our
 capital program and how much to put back to work.
 Yeah, Doug, I mean, I think you and I have discussed this in the past,
 that if you look at our expectations
 for the exit rate for this year for U.S. tight oil,
 is somewhere between 6.5 and 7 million barrels a day
 we'll be able to get a better calibration
 on that.
 You have been
 as it approaches the end of the year.
 So that compares to over 8 million barrels of E in December of last year, 8.2.
 and to some extent
 that drop
 flatters to deceive
 because people were still bringing Wales on in the first quarter
 and into the second quarter.
 the
 so there's a significant
 an underlying decline going on here.
 When we model this, and I know that you do too,
 there's strip prices
 in the low 40s.
 We think the industry is going to struggle to maintain flat production at December's rates through 2021 and into 2022.
 21 will get a bit of a lift from the ducks
 but the
 but if people are going to live within cash flow
 it's going to be a real challenge
 stick to
 Christy Tite Oil
 7 million barrels a day
 And it's likely to be less than that in 2021 and 2022.
 to, if you compare that to the trajectory we were on, that's at least 4 million barrels
 they're less than the pre-COVID trend.
 And that's just U.S. type oil.
 we respond more quickly here
 because of the decline rates and the capital flexibility.
 but the similar issues are happening elsewhere
 area.
 Although there is definitely uncertainty in how much a demand effect will be,
 it's likely to be less of a demand effect than the supply effect
 over the next few years
 So to the premise of your question,
 initially you know are we setting up for the bottom of a cycle here uh well certainly feels that
 with us
 and
 exactly when it turns will be
 dependent upon the
 uh
 demand
 and the
 COVID and her
 what OPEC do in the short term
 but we're certainly setting up for a tighter supply-demand balance
 in a year or so, if not before that.
 Yeah, so short, medium term, all about demand.
 Medium, longer term, you know, supply starts to enter.
 the picture as matt described and we have a couple of couple two three scenarios around how we how we
 think what that slope and
 trajectory look like.
 Thank you.
 is from Paul Chang from Scotiabank.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hey, guys.
 Good morning.
 um
 morning Paul
 why is that
 maybe it's a little bit of a curveball here.
 if we look at the trading and optimization or commercial operation historically that the u.s
 looking at that as a call center mainly for facilitation the european on the other hand
 take a more aggressive approach and looking at it as a profit center and they seems to
 be doing quite well and have a good logic to trade around your physical asset.
 So from that standpoint,
 will Conico should look at that operation and see whether that it could allow you
 to have a higher performance and higher return
 or that you think facilitation is better
 and you don't want to take on that swing in earnings and the higher risk.
 So that's the first question.
 The second question, with the less for argument's sake, if you decide your longer term 10-year plan has changed due to different market conditions and that's such that your future growth rate is going to be lower.
 with the addition of the control asset, what other asset in your portfolio
 we take more of the backseat and seeing lesser capital investment.
 if you can cite, say, the number one, number two on that, if that's possible.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, so let me take the first one and maybe Matt can chime in on the second one on the capital investment.
 So the first one, yeah, we're looking at the commercial space
 And with the addition of Concho, you know, it is a, as you described, Paul, kind of a
 cost center inside the company, but
 you know, we're looking at expanding that, you know, as we think about the future and what the
 Contro Acid Spring I think
 as Dominic described earlier
 they saw mostly at the wellhead
 So we got some opportunity to add value there to both the gas and the oil side.
 We're building more export capacity as a company and, in fact, have done some sales to point sales to customers where we take the middleman out of the equation.
 and we've found that quite margin-enhancing as we go forward as well.
 So with the growing U.S. production that we would have with the combination with Concho,
 It absolutely represents a big part of how we can expand the commercial organization
 and think about it differently, too.
 I mean, Bill described the market share that we have already, and that's only going to
 get bigger as we
 go forward.
 So we're looking for more contribution from the commercial side across the whole portfolio.
 maybe Matt
 if you want to take the capital allocation
 as a result of
 integrating the contract assets, you know, again, I go back to our, it's a,
 It's a cost of supply primary criteria, but Matt can provide a bit more details about what might fall out.
 Yeah, Paul, as you know, what we do is we try to optimise each of our individual parts of the portfolio to get the optimum pace using a set of decision criteria.
 but the most important of which is
 that we're not going to invest above an incremental
 cost of supply of $40
 barrel and we described that
 to some length back in November of last year.
 And so we look at the optimization of each, and then we put it together, and we maybe make a few adjustments, but we're trying to honor the optimum in each of the assets.
 now there is flexibility across the portfolio
 We own the pace.
 We can adjust the pace of any given project by a year or so.
 we can adjust the rate of which we increase the ramp and the number of rigs so I wouldn't call out
 any specific
 asset. If we decide that we want to
 grow at
 2% instead of 4%
 or something like that, then there's flexibility across the portfolio to do that and still
 on our criteria, that wouldn't bust the criteria.
 The obvious places are lower 48, Alaska.
 that's where the flexibility mostly exists
 maybe in Canada as well
 but I wouldn't
 And I wouldn't really call out a specific asset.
 we're trying to do and we're trying to optimize across the portfolio but the issue is if you're
 not optimizing across a diverse portfolio then you're you're not maximizing the value that the
 diversification brings you
 So we're trying to do this to make sure that we're running each of these assets at the
 optimum.
 Thank you.
 Another question comes from Jeffrey Lombujan from Tudor Chickering.
 Go ahead. Your line is open.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 first one is on ESG and the Paris aligned climate risk strategy. And I think your commentary earlier
 answered a lot of what I'm looking for
 you know, with the oil stand specific examples and just your comments on investment decisions.
 but is there anything incremental you can share at this point on other
 operational changes that you're undertaking and focusing on for the broader
 portfolio, just trying to get a sense for the scope of some of these projects you mentioned
 And, again, in terms of what's in focus, whether that's, you know, new technology around monitoring, retrofitting equipment for emissions control or what have you.
 Yeah, thanks. It's Dominique. I'll just take that.
 You know, recently I was pretty much involved in the lower 48, and there's some really
 some important progress
 we're making there.
 I think, you know, I think we announced a couple of things here along with our new Paris-aligned strategy.
 One was, you know, commitment to zero routine flaring, and that's the World Bank initiative there.
 So we've committed to that.
 And the other one was the introduction of continuous methane monitoring.
 So this is a real breakthrough for us.
 We're able to do this now at very reasonable cost.
 And we're able to now, basically, on our key sites, we'll have this implemented.
 I think we'll have about 65% of our lower 48 production covered by early next year.
 And this technology at very low cost allows us to sample the emissions around sites looking for methane every 15 seconds.
 And from that, we can respond very quickly to any aberrations that we can address very quickly.
 So those are a couple of really important initiatives for us
 that contribute to that overall commitment we have
 to reduce GHG intensity by 35% to 45% by 2030.
 And we're really our first mover on this, as you'll know, Jeff.
 You know, we were the first U.S.-based oil and gas company to set a GHG intensity target,
 and we're the first U.S.-based oil and gas company to commit to being Paris-aligned.
 I'll see you next time.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Pavel Malchanov from Raymond James.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Thanks for the question.
 two quick ones, both
 regarding Europe
 I guess it's about 10% of your gas volumes.
 You know, no one is accustomed to seeing North Sea gas prices below $3 in MCF, but we've had that the last two quarters.
 Is that a COVID-related demand situation, or is there something more structural in that market?
 I think that
 This is Bill.
 Well, I think as you think about that, that's more of what we've seen with COVID-related
 and demand-related issues right now
 As we think about long-term, the macro supply around the world, we would see markets tend
 to more arbitrage off of the U.S. Gulf Coast with LNG markets starting to move volumes both
 into Europe and into Asia as the incremental barrel.
 So I think that what you're seeing is a short-term response to supply-demand
 and not a long-term structural change.
 Okay. And to follow up on that, in about six weeks, the European climate law will be approved by the EU leaders, which will make the North Sea the one part of your portfolio that is covered by a net zero mandate.
 Does that change anything in terms of how you're thinking about that asset, given the decarbonization targets for the EU as a whole?
 No, not really.
 I think we're continuing to make adjustments.
 what what we're left with in the europe portfolio is our norwegian assets and uh you know it's some
 some of the lowest carbon intensity assets we have that are offshore
 and looking at other options to continue to reduce our emissions through electrification
 and additions there.
 But as we look at it, it's minimal addition to the cost of supply, and it's quite manageable.
 and Norway still is very competitive in the portfolio.
 Sonora, this is Ellen.
 We'll go ahead and take our last question, if you don't mind.
 Thank you.
 Absolutely.
 Absolutely. Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Phillips Johnson from Capital One.
 Please go ahead.
 Your line is now open.
 Hey, guys. Thanks. Just one question for me, and it relates to your future return
 of capital to shareholders.
 In the last five years, you guys have repurchased a little over $10 billion worth of stock at
 an average price of around 62 a share but at today's share price the paper loss on
 in that program is pretty substantial.
 I realize you guys plan to repurchase more stock here in the fourth quarter,
 But I wanted to ask if there's any appetite at the board level
 to scrap the idea of share repurchases and instead pursue a fixed plus variable dividend
 strategy that would um that would target paying out a certain percentage of your free cash flow
 directly to shareholders each quarter.
 Yeah, I think the, you know,
 the most important thing is your last piece of that
 We are targeting over 30% of our cash back to the shareholder.
 So that's what we've committed to and delivered on in excess over the last three to four years
 since we kind of came out to reestablish a new value proposition for this business.
 And I think the dividend today is certainly covering a large share of that.
 also think that buying our shares back at this kind of level is
 an important thing to do too because
 shares are certainly well undervalued
 It's certainly relative to where we think mid-cycle price should be.
 So I don't think we'll give up on share repurchases completely.
 he made a real point i mean we
 We wanted to buy our shares through the cycle.
 and this was a pretty significant downturn with curtailed production
 and the like going on in the second quarter, so we did suspend for a while.
 We wanted to restart up because the benefit to really buying your shares is not just buy them when you're at mid-cycle price,
 but continue to buy them through the low end of the cycle
 because that's what brings down the average cost to your shares, obviously.
 So we still think it's going to be a piece of our return to shareholder pie.
 And the question begins, you know, what happens on future excess returns
 if there's another big cycle and we start to exceed our mid-cycle price call.
 and we've had
 conversations around that with the market and we continue to look at all the different ways to do
 that and continue to be open to all the different ways to do that but at this 10 seconds the dividend
 and more than satisfies our return to shareholders.
 Thank you.
 We have no...
 I'd like to turn the call back over to Ellen.
 Thank you.
 Great.
 Thanks, Anara.
 Thanks to our listeners.
 by all means reach back to us
 if you have any follow-up questions
 and we really appreciate your interest and support in ConocoPhillips.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, and thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference.
 for participating.
 You may now disconnect.
 Thank you.
 We'll be right back.