 Good morning, and welcome to the Q3 2020 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call.
 My name is Zanara, and I'll be the operator for today's call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 Later, we'll conduct a question and answer session.
 during the question and answer session,
 If you have a question, please press star then one on your touchtone phone.
 Please note, this conference is being recorded.
 I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSantis.
 Mr. DeSantis, you may begin.
 Thanks, Inara.
 Hello and welcome this morning to our listeners.
 I'll first introduce the members of the ConocoPhillips executive team who are on today's
 call. We have Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO. Matt Fox, R-E-V-P and Chief Operating
 officer.
 Bill Bullock, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 We have Dominic Macklin, our Senior Vice President of Strategy, Exploration, and Technology,
 And Nick Olds, our Senior Vice President of Global Operations.
 Brian will open this morning with some prepared remarks and then the team will take your
 questions.
 Before I turn the call over to Ryan, a few reminders, in conjunction with this morning's
 press release, we posted a short deck of supplemental material regarding the quarter
 onto our website, that's available for your access.
 Next, we will make some forward-looking statements.
 this morning based on current expectations as well as statements about the proposed
 business combination announced last week between ConocoPhillips and Concho.
 A description of the risks associated with forward-looking statements and other important
 information about the proposed transaction can be found in today's press release, all
 All of which are incorporated by reference for purposes of this call.
 We'll also refer to some non-gap financial measures today and reconciliations to the
 nearest corresponding GAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and also on
 on our website.
 Thank you, and now I will turn the call over to Ryan.
 Thank you all and then good morning to our listeners.
 before we get into our third quarter results,
 I'll take a few minutes to address
 last week's announcement of our combination
 with Contra resources.
 We spent a lot of time talking to the market over the past several days, and I'm pleased
 to say that the feedback has been positive.
 By the way, earlier this week we added some annotations to our transaction deck for clarification.
 Today's call is a great opportunity
 to reflect on our conversations
 and reiterate the compelling merits of the transaction
 for both sets of shareholders.
 I'll start at the highest level.
 Our announced transaction with Katcho combines two widely recognized leaders in the sector.
 ConocoPhillips has been a recognized leader in the returns on and returns of capital model
 for the business.
 Kancho has been a recognized leader in the Permian pure play class.
 Yep, while we're both best in class companies on a standalone basis by scaling up our existing
 returns-focused business model, we are stronger and more
 investable within the sector characterized by frequent price cycles, industry maturity,
 capital intensity, and ESG focus.
 will be a nearly $60 billion enterprise that is uniquely positioned to create sustained
 value.
 By embracing what we believe are the three essential future mandates for our sector.
 And these mandates are, first, providing affordable energy to the world, second, committed to
 ESG excellence, and third, delivering competitive returns.
 We believe the transaction accelerates our ability to successfully and simultaneously
 they deliver on all three of these mandates.
 that's how we will win.
 Now let me take these mandates one by one in the context of our transaction.
 in all future energy scenarios.
 We know the world will need hydrocarbons as part of the energy mix for a long time, even
 as we see increasing adoption of low carbon energy sources.
 However, we also recognize that the energy transition means the winners will be those
 companies with resources that can be affordably developed in any transition scenario, including
 a less than two degrees scenario.
 That's the reason we've always been committed to having the lowest cost of supply resource
 space in the industry.
 The company will have a $23 billion barrel resource base for the cost of supply in less
 spend $40 a barrel.
 Concho gets the benefits of our global, diverse, and lower capital intensity portfolio attributes.
 ConocoPhillips gets the benefit of adding some of the best resources in the world.
 And, by the way, we studied rock quality everywhere.
 Now let's move on to the second mandate.
 a commitment to ESG excellence.
 In conjunction with last week's transaction,
 We announced we're adopting a Paris-aligned climate-risk framework.
 We're the first U.S.-based auto gas company to do so.
 Our framework includes specific emissions, intensity reduction goals, a commitment to
 for no routine flaring.
 permanently installed methane monitoring
 advocating for a well-designed carbon price in the U.S.
 This framework is in service to our ambition to reach a net zero operational emissions
 target by 2050.
 Now we've been asked at our engagement meetings,
 of this framework included the portfolio effects of the concho assets, the explicit
 answer is no. We were preparing to issue our new climate risk
 framework before the transaction was agreed.
 However, we see the addition of Contra's assets as being consistent with and a creative
 to these goals.
 the production emissions of the U.S. Unconventionals
 are among the lowest GHT intensity assets in the world.
 So the addition of these resources
 will be a benefit to our projections, plans, and targets.
 Now the third mandate, delivering competitive returns, is an imperative for attracting and
 retaining investors to the sector. Our company has been all about returns and that won't
 change. In fact, the combined company will be uniquely positioned to deliver on the proven
 and returns focused by a proposition.
 We know investors want from our sector because of several advantage attributes and demonstrated
 priorities. For example, as I just described, the transaction creates a massive, resilient,
 low cost of supply resource base.
 I discuss this as part of mandate one, but also add that low cost of supply is the best
 That's assurance.
 definition for delivering competitive financial returns through price cycles.
 of the deal closes, we'll publish our combined cost of supply curve. I have no doubt it will
 will be best in class.
 By the way, we've been asked about how we view risk in the event of a change in leadership
 in Washington. Our view is that while it might create some headwinds for the industry, our
 our company's global diversification
 and our mix of private, state, and federal leases in the US.
 assures that we are competitively positioned for that outcome.
 And we accounted for this potential risk
 in our evaluation of the overall transaction.
 diversification, and low capital intensity matters.
 And as I just mentioned,
 we preserve those portfolio characteristics.
 adding contours on conventional assets into our portfolio will not make a
 material difference to our base decline rate.
 That means
 as we retain our diversification
 and low capital intensity advantage
 for the benefit of both shareholders.
 We'll apply our disciplined, consistent approach to future investment programs.
 will be allocated first on a basis of cost of supply and then based on secondary criteria
 such as flexibility, capital intensity, asset optimization, affordability, and free cash
 generation. In our expanded Permian program, resulting from the transaction, we'll be
 integrated within the total company plan to optimize overall outcomes and
 value. The combination creates greater visibility on earnings expansion and
 free cash flow generation, factoring in our announced 500 million targeted cost and capital
 savings, the transaction is accretive on all key consensus
 financial metrics, including earnings, free cash flow, and free cash flow yield.
 Finally, our strong balance sheet plus free cash flow generation means we're even better
 position to give investors what they want from this business for terms of capital.
 capital. The transaction enhances our ability to meet our stated target of returning more
 than 30% of our CFO to our owners annually.
 And this target isn't an ambition.
 It's what we've been doing for the past four years.
 In fact, we returned over 40% of our CFO to owners.
 over that period and it will remain a key part
 of our future offering.
 The bottom line, this transaction creates a best-in-class
 competitor scale to thrive in a new energy future that is compelling for
 shareholders for both companies.
 Now, a few comments on what to expect next.
 RS4 filing should be filed in the next couple of weeks.
 we expect the transaction to close
 in the first quarter of 2021.
 integration planning is already underway. Dominic Macklin will lead the effort for
 Conoco Phillips, and Will Giraud will lead the effort for Concho.
 Both sides are excited and committed to a very successful integration, as part of the
 integration planning, we'll begin to evaluate how best to optimize our future investment
 programs. We would expect to announce pro-forma CAPEX for next year, shortly after closing.
 But, directionally, on a standalone ConocoPhillips spaces, we remain cautious on the pace and
 timing of recovery. So as a place to start, we're currently thinking we enter 2021 capex
 at a level that is roughly similar to this year's capital,
 meaning little to no production growth
 on a standalone basis.
 Of course, we retain the flexibility to adjust as the year progresses.
 We have the capital flexibility, the balance sheet, and the cash on hand to respond as
 necessary to changes in the macro while meeting our capital return priority.
 And that brings me to a few comments on the third quarter results.
 It's certainly been of all the year for the business, as we all know.
 the company took some significant actions to respond to the downturn
 including production curtailments.
 And over the past couple of quarters, we also carried out our major seasonal turnarounds.
 So a bit of noise in the second quarter and third quarter numbers.
 But by the end of the third quarter,
 the containment program was behind us.
 The seasonal turnarounds were complete,
 and the underlying business was running very well.
 As you saw this morning's release,
 the third quarter results were in alignment with expectations.
 We've reinstated guidance that you should think of,
 and he should take the fourth quarter
 as the new baseline for 21 capital and production.
 So as I just mentioned, that's subject to ongoing monitoring and market conditions.
 we look forward to keeping you updated
 on our integration progress,
 in our future plans for the business.
 And finally, we hope everyone's safe and well.
 and now I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 If you have a question, please press star, then one on your touch-tone phone.
 If you're using a speaker phone, you may need to pick up the handset first before pressing
 the numbers.
 Once again, if you have a question, please press star, then one on your touchtone phone.
 waiting on standby for any questions.
 And our first question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Yes, hello.
 First question.
 Just wanted to ask about the quarter here.
 It looks like there are some moving pieces around cash flows, affiliate distributions
 and some other factors there.
 So I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color there
 and help us think about how you would define a clean CFO
 in the quarter.
 Yeah, thanks, Phil. I'll let Bill Bullock can answer that for you. Thanks.
 Hi Phil. So yeah for the for the quarter cash from operations X working capital was about
 $1,230,000,000, and we had a couple of one-time benefits in the quarter, a legal settlement
 and an audit settlement totaling 130 million of that.
 but we also had curtailments in the quarter
 of about 90,000 barrels a day.
 So the foregone cash flow for that
 would have been about $150 million of cash.
 So if you think of a clean run rate number,
 for the quarter, good place to be thinking is about $1,250,000,000 for the quarter.
 Now, you asked about equity distributions.
 We did have a distribution from APL and G in the quarter.
 We received distributions through the second quarter of about $500 million from APLNG, and
 For the remainder of the year, we're expecting a little under 200 million in the fourth quarter
 that would give a full-year distribution of somewhere around 680 to 700 million for the year.
 Okay, great.
 Okay, great, very helpful.
 Um, I guess this kind of dovetails into my second question, which is, um, you know, we
 We continue to get some questions here around this pro forma CFO guidance that you provided.
 And so if I looked at the results you just talked about, the 1.25 and what Conchro reported
 at the other night, which I think x hedges around 500.
 Perhaps you could help us bridge these results,
 which I think are about $41 WTI to the $7 billion $40 WTI guidance that you provided.
 Yeah, thanks Phil. I know there's a number of moving parts there as you described and yeah
 We've had a few people point out that they thought the 7 billion at $40 a barrel for
 for the combined company looked a little bit light.
 So that we've seen the third quarter,
 to adjust for conscious hedging benefits
 and what Bill just described on our equity affiliates.
 I think you get something closer to the mid to high sevens, you know, at $40.
 So maybe I'll let Matt add a little bit of color to those details.
 Yeah, if you look at the clean third quarter, for both companies, Bill explained that ours
 It would imply somewhere between $7.5 and $7.8 at $4.3 a barrel.
 Now that the range is basically based on the uncertainty
 may equity affiliates distribution. If we've got similar distributions to this year, we'd
 be at the top end of that range.
 And these numbers also include a pro forma assumption that we get the full year of expected
 cost savings and the way announced which was 350 million of cash and that's what shows
 up in these numbers. There's also the hundred and fifty million of capital that doesn't
 doesn't affect CFO directly.
 Does that does that help film?
 I'll take that as a yes.
 Yeah, hope so
 Thank you.
 comes from Doug Harrison from Evercore ISI.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Good morning everybody.
 Morning, Doug.
 Well, one of the hallmarks, Ryan, of Conoco and Phillips before the merger, and even after
 the split in 2012 has been corporate agility is the way I'd like to think about it and
 the ability to create value in strategic transactions
 over the near and medium term periods.
 And on this point, while you guys have been pretty clear about the operating and capital
 cost benefits that you're going to get as well as some of the enhancements that you're
 you're going to get from a higher quality investment portfolio.
 My question is whether there are areas...
 that you're optimistic about, that may or may not be as obvious that
 stand to deliver further upside areas that you really
 confident about similar situations that you had in the past with other transactions and
 And then second, what are the two to three most important things that you think that
 the new management group brings to the organization.
 There are two questions.
 Yeah, thanks, Doug. I'll maybe start let Dominic add a few comments. You're right
 When we put out the synergy number, we see a lot of other synergy numbers that people
 put out there and it seems like a fair amount of arm waving.
 We want to be pretty specific about the $500 million that we described, but if you're the
 second page which I think is what you're alluding to a little bit that I can let Dominic add
 on is we fully expect that we're going to get additional
 opportunity, either through price uplift or various other forms to add
 at incremental value to this transaction.
 Dominic, maybe you could describe a little bit of what
 integration team is going to be looking at?
 Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Ryan and Doug. Thanks for the question.
 You know, obviously we're very focused on delivering the 500 million that we have put
 out there as a commitment, but certainly we see opportunity beyond that.
 I think we can outline those in our deck, I think just to talk more about those specifically,
 I think the ones that we're most optimistic about
 You know, on the marketing side,
 Contro typically sells their product to the well head.
 we sell further down the value chain to improve realizations so
 You know, we have a very strong commercial group,
 conical phillips so we're certainly excited about about that you know
 The Contra have been doing extremely well in the Parmian on the Drilling and Completion
 cost, the performance has been excellent and they're further down the learning curve than
 us there so we do expect to see that to accelerate you know the performance on
 on our acreage too, and of course we expect, you know,
 improved performance across the low 48 from sharing best practices and
 technologies between Eaglefoot and the Permian and the back and so on.
 So definitely operational efficiencies and then on the supply chain side, obviously we're
 going to have increased purchasing power, scale, flexibility.
 So we're anticipating, you know,
 upside in all these areas and some additional areas too that we'll be working on in the
 coming months here. So Will and I are already talking about these. We're pretty excited
 about it and we'll look forward to see how these develop through next year.
 And maybe your last question, Doug, so Dominic mentioned Will were, and then what Tim, you
 know, what we really appreciate out of what they bring to our company is some
 incredible Permian expertise and experience. They have the networks, they have broader and deeper
 networks than we really have in the Permian given their long time association and presence
 there and what Tim's built as you know two or three goes at it and what he's
 we've done over the last 30 years in the Permian Basin.
 about that you know i've had a lot of conversations of c o's over the
 of course, for the last couple of years,
 and what I've come to appreciate.
 Tim shares a passion for this business and a vision
 for what it's going to take to be successful
 over the next decade and beyond.
 It is really consistent with my view or our view of what it's going to take to really
 succeed and beat the competition so and then I'd say finally probably you know
 We're both very committed to a successful deal.
 And we're both committed to getting the secret sauce that
 conico Phillips combined with the secret sauce that is concho and make something that's even
 better going forward.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Neil Mita from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Great, thanks guys. Appreciate you guys taking the questions.
 So the first is a follow-up on distributions,
 including from APLG, but just equity affiliates broadly.
 Just how do you think about that?
 You'd made a comment in the deck that we shouldn't expect that to be ratable.
 We talk about different oil price levels and how we should be thinking about modeling those
 distribution is coming into business.
 Yes, sure, Neil. This is Bill. I think as you're thinking about equity affiliates,
 but that we've talked in the past to how they aren't rateable.
 You should be thinking about the distributions from APL and G in terms of being more significant
 in the second and fourth quarter and lighter in the first and third, but as you think about
 I'm going into next year and you look at more like strip prices for next year if you're
 thinking terms of the range of six hundred eight hundred million from equity affiliates
 at those kind of pricing, that's going to get you into the ballpark.
 It obviously depends on how they're performing on terms of the markets and how we're optimizing
 capital over an APLG, but that will get you pretty close.
 It's a great fail, isn't it?
 as a follow-up.
 Just as a reminder, we do have a sensitivity for that in our price deck for the pricing.
 That's right.
 supplemental materials we included today.
 It's a great case.
 Go ahead Neil, you got a second photo?
 Yeah, it was really just about Alaska, and I know we're a couple days away from the
 elections that is probably a very specific topic.
 but just sort of your temperature on the fair share act
 And just in general, your message around Alaska, and you think about the cadence of spend and
 investment there.
 Yeah, you bet. I'll let Matt's Matt Matt's been following that closely. I have to but Matt's got a
 Can I get an answer?
 Yeah, I mean, as you know, there are really three movements that are topical just now.
 There's the ballot initiative to increase the production tax.
 There's the status of the Willow project and there's the impact, if any, of a change in
 administration if that happens on federal land permitting. So I probably should
 talk about all three of them so that we can hopefully clear up Alaska with this one question.
 So as you know, the ballot measure would impose a tax increase in production and that's going
 have two problems, two adverse effects, it's going to reduce the
 competitiveness of investment for Alaska and it's going to increase uncertainty and
 instability. So that's not going to be good. We have years of development opportunities
 left in Alaska, but a shift of capital from Alaska to elsewhere is going to be rational
 if taxes are increased.
 I mean this is a production tax, and what you tax more you get less of, so that should
 be expected that those advocating for this and voting for the proposal should understand
 that.
 So we're being pretty clear so that we wouldn't avoid any doubt in Alaska that if the measure
 passes drilling in the big three fields that the targets of the tax increase is not going
 I'm going to resume in 2021.
 And that may be beyond that.
 So the, you know, Alaska jobs, contract labor,
 all the associated services are going to be adversely impacted by this change and the
 contractors, the unions, all the other businesses up there understand this and
 they've opposed, for the most part, opposing the change in the tax regime, but it's now
 up to the electorate to the side and then elections of consequences so we're getting
 down to the wire here and we really feel as if we have to be we have to be clear
 with the Alaska Boers.
 On the Willow project itself, we passed a big milestone earlier this week.
 This week we got a favourable record of decisions from the BLM after more than two years of
 of the process.
 So that keeps us on track with the project timeline.
 And it's worth it.
 understanding that that permit was received under the 2013 integrated activity plan for
 the National Petroleum Reserve. And those are rules that were set under the
 Obama and then administration. So they should stand up well to scrutiny under a change in
 administration if that happens.
 So, we're working towards a concept selection and moving to feed by the end of this year.
 Of course, this assumes the ballot measure fails when taxes are not increased.
 If it passes, we'll need to reconsider the timing, because although Willow isn't directly
 targeted by the tax increases, there's going to be knock-on effects on the other
 the fields because of the lack of the available capital.
 And the last one is the federal land permitting in Alaska, you know, more generally if there's
 a change in administration, we would expect that to have a relatively limited impact on
 I mean, although 65% of the acreage is on federal land, it only represents about 5% of the production.
 Now, some coming production, GMT-2 in particular, is on federal land, but it's well underway
 First production will be at the end of next year,
 so we don't expect that it will be affected at all.
 willows on federal land, of course.
 But neither Willow nor GMT-1 or GMT-2, the federal land drill sites, use anything other
 have been conventional simulation techniques.
 So a fish is about fracking there,
 they shouldn't be influenced by that.
 So, I guess, we've been clear with the Alaska Electric about the implications of ballot measure
 Number one, we expect any implications of the change in administration in DC to have
 a relative limited impact on us.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Janine Y. from Barclays.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hi, good morning, good afternoon, everyone.
 Thanks for taking our call.
 Good morning, Jeanine.
 Good morning, maybe sorry just one more on Alaska if I could real quick following up on meal's question
 It's a little bit different, but I mean, last year on the analyst day, you talked about
 how willow would be contingent upon telling down 25% of your position in Alaska and we
 We know that you need resolution on ballot measure one first, but is that 25% sell-down
 Still the case now that you have Contro Assets in the portfolio.
 And then maybe just on that for the ballot measure one, we know it's a citizen ballot
 measure and do you think that it could be likely that the legislature would
 potentially overturn any decision.
 Um, yeah, Janine, this is Matt, Matt's again, um, we didn't, we didn't really see it was
 bit...
 explicitly tie a willow decision to a sell-down. But we're still anticipating that we're able to
 a cell down in Alaska, we'll just slow the timing of that down until we get some of these
 uncertainties resolved so it's still on the cards that will make an adjustment to
 equity in Alaska, but we may still continue to proceed with the project in the meantime.
 So the timing of the project isn't contingent on the sell-down, I guess, is what I'm seeing.
 On the ballot measure one and the legislature overrule that, not really, not for him to
 take a little bit of time for that. We'd have to come up with an alternative that would
 That is it.
 you know, substantially similar or the, so it wouldn't be, it's unlikely that they would
 and overturn it, you know, but lock stock and barrel.
 Okay, great, that's really helpful.
 Thank you very much.
 My follow-up question is just on the cash allocation priorities, and you indicated in
 in your prepared remarks that 2021 CapEx should be about similar to 2020 with little to no
 production growth.
 The strip moves around a lot, it's kind of moving against us all today, but is the right
 way generally to think about it is that in the mid-40s threshold that that
 that threshold that you have for production growth.
 It's a hard and fast criteria that needs to be met.
 or are there just a bunch of other considerations
 that we would need to factor into the decision-making process.
 Yeah, I think we you know as I try to describe we basically use cost of supply and I think yes
 as we think about the forward curve
 we're thinking about our plans for 2020.
 And again, I mentioned those on a standalone basis
 for Conoco Phillips is kind of how we're thinking about it
 going into next year.
 You know, it's just not cost to supply, but it's also what kind of cash flow are we projecting
 to make and, you know, we have the benefit of a very strong balance sheet so we can use
 some of that should we need to but you're certainly we'd be also trying to
 balance that the cash we're making with the capex that we're spending in the
 in the dividend that today satisfies 30% of our return
 criteria and more given the kinds of prices that we're seeing.
 So certainly some headwinds into the commodity price.
 I'll look right now with COVID resurgence,
 some demand certainly hasn't started to recover,
 and depending on what NOPEC or OPEC does on the supply side
 and what the U.S. response is.
 You know, we're watching all of that really closely to make sure that whatever program
 we put in place for 21, we can balance with the cash flows that we expect and make sure
 that we're investing in the lowest cost to supply things that we have in the portfolio
 go only.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Josh Soberstein from Wolf Research.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Okay, thanks, guys.
 Maybe just giving off that last question there.
 you've mentioned that, you know,
 for contractors in the low-campus,
 it would be very similar on a year-over-year basis.
 What would the conical stand-up volumes look like relative to the fourth quarter 20 volumes
 under that scenario.
 I'm sorry.
 Yeah, Josh, we'd expect it under that scenario to be similar to the second half of the year
 sort of rates at that sort of level. So that would be roughly 4.3 is what we're spending
 in this year, which is a bit above our sustaining capital,
 So I want to take the opportunity to clear that up because flat production and yet above
 of our sustaining capital.
 So let me try and maybe explain why that's different.
 So if we were going to execute a long-term sustaining strategy
 for the company.
 We'd need about 3.8 for a conical Phillips stand alone, and that was the same production
 at one point, roughly, a bit below 1.2 million pounds would be.
 With the low cost of supply that we have in the portfolio, we don't expect that our
 long-term strategy will be to simply sustain production.
 The investment opportunities are too competitive for that.
 But what Ryan has really indicated is that we could execute a tactical sustaining programme,
 much like we have this year in the start of 2020 with that sort of tactical and sustained
 program and then see how demand, recovery and supply responses shape out and what we
 the distinction between a sort of tactical and strategic kind of sustaining program is
 and a tactical sustainer program, we would still keep production flat, but we wouldn't
 completely shut down projects like Willow or Exploration Activity, but those things were
 still continue with the anticipation that they ultimately would move away from simply
 sustaining back to some modest growth. So those are the things that we're working through
 just now on the plan. As Ryan said, we shouldn't expect us to communicate 2021 capital guidance
 certainly for the combined company at home sometime after the transaction closes.
 Thank you.
 Thanks a lot.
 I would add Josh, you know, we have a lot of flexibility with the balance sheet, which
 which is why, you know, if we go in at a similar level of capital to this year, you know, it
 Maybe flat to modest growth so it doesn't necessarily equal flat production at the at the capital level going in next year
 but that's something we'll continue to watch is the macro evolves around this.
 And then you mentioned that the lower 48 assets, sorry, I guess the unconventional assets
 are the lowest emission part of the portfolio
 and the control assets only add to that.
 cares what the highest emission asset is, and does any sort of, you know, I'm getting
 something in the international portfolio.
 Do you think of that M&A in that regard as well?
 maybe those are orchestra candidates,
 they kind of accelerate the Gold Swords game to your 20-30 path.
 Yeah, so the ties, the missions assets in the portfolio,
 just now in the operated portfolio.
 It's really an oil sense.
 That's why we're so focused on looking at ways
 to bring oil sands emissions down.
 and we've got a lot of ills on the fire there.
 We're going to extend our non-condensable gas injection, which brings down steam or
 ratio.
 by keeping heat in the reservoir and of course the system or ratio of the drives, the emissions
 intensity. We're also going to be deploying more of these flow control devices to bring
 that brings the steam or ratio down. We're moving to add some sustaining pads as some
 of the pads get older, their steam oil ratio increases. When you put new pads on, they
 It will be very low-stimul ratio.
 and there's other technologies
 that we're looking at there as well.
 So what we're doing basically across the board
 we're looking at all of our greenhouse gas intensity across every asset that we have
 And we're asking ourselves, what can we do to cost-effectively bring that down?
 And that's what we bring that process together in what we call our marginal abatement post-curve.
 and we have about 100 projects in there just now.
 Some of them are desktop exercises,
 of feasibility studies. We spent about $90 million this year between capital and
 operating costs on those projects.
 But we look across the whole asset base to find ways to bring that down.
 then.
 and our targets, Josh, you know, that we established the 35 to 45 percent reduction
 that doesn't require a major portfolio changes to go do that.
 So we're not talking about having to sell certain assets
 that Matt described, that's things that we have identified inside the portfolio to work
 work on with the portfolio being relatively constant over this time.
 It's actually, yeah, it's a good point.
 line is mostly driven by the fact that we're a it's a sort of strategic shift
 and where we're investing, we're investing in lower cap, greenhouse
 gas intensity places, like the Unconventionals in the US and Canada, like Willow up in Alaska,
 It's very low intensity as well.
 So the percentage of our production
 it's very low intensity increases with time and when you combine that with reducing the
 emissions intensity of our existing assets, like the oil sands. That's how we've delivered
 the reduction in emissions intensity over the next 10 years.
 It's not it's not and I think and we've said that it it and Matt described sort of the the
 the cost in capital is small amounts to get this plan.
 We're not talking about spending hundreds of millions of dollars of capital to go deliver
 this.
 small projects that that are currently baked into our plans.
 Thanks for watching and see you in the next video.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Reed from Wells Fargo.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hey, thank you and good morning.
 Morning, Roger.
 I just, I'd like to kick on really kind of a follow-up
 We're gonna talk about with Josh there.
 If you think about 21 capex, roughly flat, and you said, you know, you ought to be nimble
 next year for what comes.
 But what would be the things you would be looking at, I mean, presumably not simply
 oil price up or down.
 I mean, it's, I assume it's some macro factors,
 maybe help us kind of understand some of the signals you might look for for
 getting more optimistic in 21.
 Yeah, I mean it would be matril. We have to see how they
 how the demand responds to, you know, what it looks like at the slower response than
 people were hoping for, especially with Europe and possibly the US coming. So we have to
 just be cautious about that. We have to look at how the Russia and OPEC respond. They have
 move coming up at the end of November and see when we get back to sort of drawing down the end of the
 So, the beauty of our position is that we've got incredible flexibility.
 We've got a low break-even price to cover, you know, for flat production and to cover
 the dividend, that's sustained when we put the two companies together. So we're actually
 Having that flexibility and the ability to respond to what the market is going to give us is very helpful.
 So we're not going to rush headlong into trying to grow production into this.
 that doesn't make any sense to us.
 We'll see how things play out here over the next several months and then we'll make adjustments
 between our low break even and our balance sheet will be in very good shape to assess
 as we go through.
 Okay.
 And I would have Roger there.
 I'm sorry, I would add Roger that, well, it's not so much even just what's the strip look
 like or what it looks like for next year.
 It, it's sort of the longer term trajectory back to what, what we believe is, is a reasonable
 mid-cycle price and we'll be reassessing what that mid-cycle looks like depending
 on where the demand and the supply
 fundamentals start to kind of shake out with the U.S. title going down, you know, what happens
 to the election in Alaska and then, you know, it's going to make, it's going to make imminent
 amount of sense as we combine with the concho to optimize and figure out what the right
 level of activity is between the two companies. So you're right, there's a number of factors
 that we'll be putting into the mix as we look at not only 2021 plans, but what the next couple
 three years look like as this business recovers back to a mid-cycle and whether it overshoots
 These are under-sheets.
 Most oil industry, so it'll definitely do one or the other maybe buzz
 One quick kind of follow-up unrelated to the first question, but related to the merger.
 Some of the savings that you cited were going to be, you know, exploration, appraisal, spending
 that doesn't have to happen.
 I was curious for the assets that you won't be spending E&A money on in the near future.
 Do they just go back into the resource space or is that something that maybe becomes more
 likely to be disposed of, you know, monetized in a different way.
 Yeah, Roger, it's Dominic here. Thank you. So, what we said was that we will continue
 Focusing our exploration effort on our existing business units such as Alaska,
 to Norway and Malaysia. So that will allow us to about half our exploration capital from
 300 to 150. So those areas such as, you know, down in South America, Colombia, Argentina
 and so on. We will be working sort of managed exits from those areas. Of course, we have
 a lot of value there, we see a lot of value, there's a lot of good acreage there but we'll
 be working to preserve value as we think about how to, you know, exit those areas in the
 future.
 a question of dispositions in a managed way,
 Rather than those resources staying in the portfolio. We have such a strong portfolio. We will with poncho
 you know, that we just think it's appropriate that we focus the exploration effort.
 And we've managed those rather to where there's not excessive capital employed associated
 with those assets, but as Dominic said, we're going to do everything we can to monetize
 as best we can.
 And then we don't have any resource associated with any of those assets in the moment, in
 and our supply curve was no resource associated with them.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Scott Handel from RBC Capital Markets.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Thanks.
 Could you give us some color on, you know,
 you know net u.s. natural gas price has been pretty strong in in
 Is there ability for Conoco to flex for that a little bit or is there, where is your opportunity
 outside of associated gas or is that really the opportunity?
 Yeah, I think the main opportunity for us Scott is associated gas. We probably have a little bit in the Anadarko Basin
 But that's not capturing a lot of our capital right now.
 So it mostly, for us, we're still a pretty big, big marketer.
 so we we were moving you know over eight BCF gas a day so we see a lot of that so
 So we're getting some uplift on the commercial side
 of our business with some of the transport capacity
 have that takes gas from the Permian to the west coast and down south to Arizona and even
 even into Mexico. So that's how we're kind of taking advantage of of the kind of market
 as we see it today and but on just an absolute production side, we're not looking to ramp up,
 up, dry gas, and it's mostly coming from the associated gas
 with the unconventional production.
 Yeah, could you quantify some of the marketing benefits you all see?
 Thank you for watching.
 Sure. Let's build he's head of our commercial organization to maybe provide a bit of color there. Yeah, sure. So
 So, Scott, we have a very active commercial organization.
 Ryan mentioned that we're moving a little over 8 BCF a day
 We're the fifth largest gas marketer in the U.S.
 And we provide a variety of services to various customers ranging from asset management
 agreements to to offtake agreements and that provides an
 ability to, one, have insight into the market, and also to gain margin across moving across
 pipelines and so we continue to look at that and continue to move and we're
 We're shipping gas for a profit.
 So, you know, of that 800, 8 BCF a day, you know, 500 million cubic feet a day, but it
 is ours, the rest of it's third party volume.
 And so we're in and out of the market on both sides on a daily basis.
 cases.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Doug Ligge from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Well, thanks. Good morning, everybody. I wonder, Bill, maybe I could start off with you and
 ask you to maybe elaborate a little bit on Ryan's comments around the potential election
 outcomes. And I'm thinking specifically about tax. I'm sure you guys have looked at this,
 But the thing that strikes me is that a little bit disturbing is the potential for a minimum
 15% P&L tax that puts NOLs, you know, under a bit of a spotlight.
 So I'm just wondering if you guys have thought
 anywhere about that, any scenarios that you've run,
 comms that you may expect.
 Yeah, sure. We've certainly taken a look at the various tax proposals out there, including
 the biden tax proposal
 there's two primary elements of that that
 that would impact us
 so i get that first one is obviously changing the corporate tax rate from
 twenty one twenty twenty eight percent
 and the second one that would be fairly significant would be
 uh... removal idcs
 particularly in our capital program and
 and needing to depreciate those over time.
 Those are the two main aspects as we look through it that really would have an impact
 on us.
 Yeah, I guess I should have been clear. I was talking about a potential Biden administration and
 And maybe as a follow-up then.
 And I know it's something that is a little bit too obvious,
 but we don't maybe ask it enough.
 Ryan, when yourself and when Matt put together
 the tidal wave scenarios and all the other scenarios that you laid out at the strategy
 day. We've now seen what we think is a lot of the signs of a cycle coming to a bottom,
 if you like, with consolidation, yourselves being part of that.
 How does this, what you're seeing right now,
 beyond COVID influence your thoughts on longer term supply
 demand as you think about scenario planning. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
 Yeah, thank Doug, I'll maybe add a few comments.
 Matt can jump in as well, but yeah,
 We spent a lot of time trying to think about what the trajectory of the recovery looks
 like and probably a couple of competing factors. We certainly see demand recovery. We are uncertain
 whether it gets fully back to a hundred million barrels a day, but probably taking a bit of
 time to to get there. And then I think equally important and maybe overlook the
 a little bit is what's happening on the supply side.
 maybe masked a little bit today by Duck Inventory,
 that, you know, when the declines and the declines are hitting in and it was mass
 biker talman's coming back on
 you know there's going to be a drop in u.s. supply as well
 so I can, Matt can probably chime in and describe a little bit about the net effect to the scenarios
 that we're thinking about is we debate our capital program and how much to put back to
 work.
 Yeah, Doug, if I may, and I think you've now discussed this in the past, if you look at
 the air expectations for the exit rate for this year for U.S. tight toil is somewhere
 between six and a half and seven million barrels a day and we'll be able to get better calibration
 on that European visit to the end of the year.
 So that compares to over 8 million barrels a day in December of last year, 8.2, and to
 to some extent that that dropped flatters to deceive
 because people were still bringing wells on in the first quarter and into the second quarter.
 quarter. So there's a significant underlying decline going on here. Can we model this in
 And I know that you do too.
 The strip prices in the low 40s, we think the industry is going to struggle to maintain
 in-flat production at December's rates through 21 and into 22.
 21 will get a bit of a lift from the ducks, but if people are going to live within cash
 It's going to be a real challenge to see tight oil at 7 million barrels a day as it's likely
 to be less on that in 2021 and 2022. If you compare that to the trajectory we were on,
 that's at least four million barrels a day less than the pre-COVID trend.
 And that's just U.S. tight oil.
 And we respond more quickly here because of the decline rates and the capital flexibility.
 But the similar issues are happening elsewhere.
 So although there is definitely uncertainty in how much
 the demand effect will be.
 It's likely to be less of a demand effect than the supply effect.
 It's getting over the next few years.
 So to the premise of your question, initially, are we setting up for the bottom of a cycle here?
 but the cinema feels that way to us and now exactly when it turns, it will be dependent
 upon the demand of the COVID and what will be done in the short term, but we're certainly
 setting up for a tighter supply demand balance in a year or so. It's not before
 Bye.
 Yeah, so short medium term all about demand medium longer term, you know
 supply starts to enter. The picture is Matt described and we have a couple of
 a couple, two, three scenarios around how we think
 what that slope and trajectory look like.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Paul Chang from Scotiabank.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hey, guys. Good morning.
 Good morning, Paul.
 Why is that? Maybe it's a little bit of a curveball here. If we look at trading and
 optimization or commercial operation.
 Historically, the U.S. is looking at that as a core center, mainly for facilitation.
 For Europeans, on the other hand, take a more aggressive approach and looking at the other
 as a profit center.
 And they seem to be doing quite well and have a good logic to trade around your physical
 are set. So from that standpoint, wheel conical should look at that operation and see whether
 that it could allow you to have a higher performance and higher return or that you think facilitation
 it's better and you don't want to take on that swing in earning and the higher risk.
 So that's the first question.
 The second question.
 with the last four arguments, say, if you decide your longer
 term 10-year plan have changed due to different market conditions and that's such that your
 future growth radius is going to be lower. With the addition of the control R set, what
 other asset in your portfolio will take more of the backseat and seeing lesser capital
 investment. If you can say the number one, number two on that, if that's possible. Thank
 Thank you.
 Yeah, so let me take the first one and maybe Matt can chime in on the second one on the capital investments
 So the first one, yeah, you know,
 We're looking at the commercial space
 with the addition of Comcho, you know, it is a, as you described Paula, kind of a cost
 center inside the company, but, you know, we're looking at expanding that, you know,
 as we think about the future
 about the contry acid spring, I think is Dominic described
 Earlier, they saw mostly at the wellhead,
 so we got some opportunity to add value there
 to both the gas and the oil side, we're building more export capacity as a company and in fact
 have done some sales to, point sales to customers where we take the middleman out of the equation
 And we found that quite margin enhancing as we go forward as well.
 So with the growing U.S. production that we would have with the combination with CONSHOE
 It absolutely represents a big part of how we can expand the commercial organization
 and think about it differently, too.
 i mean bill described the market share that we have already
 And that's only going to get bigger as we go forward.
 So we're looking for more contribution from the
 the the commercial side across the whole whole portfolio maybe mad if you want to
 take the capital allocation as a result of integrating the contract assets.
 You know, again, I go back to our it's a it's a cost to supply primary criteria that
 that can provide a bit more details about what might fall out.
 Yeah, Paul, as you know, what we do is we try to optimize each of our individual into
 the individual parts of the portfolio to get the optimum pace using a set of decision
 criteria, but the most important of which is that we're not going to invest above an
 incremental cost of supply of $40, and we described that at some length back in November
 of last year. And so we look at the optimization of each and then we put it together and we
 and we maybe make a few adjustments but we're trying to honour the optimum in each of the
 assets. Now there is flexibility across the portfolio and the pace you can make
 can adjust the pace of any given project by you or so.
 we can adjust the rate of which we increase the ramp
 in the number of eggs.
 I wouldn't call out any specific asset. If we decide that we want to grow at 2% instead
 to 4% or something like that, and the flexibility across the portfolio to do that and still
 on her criteria, that wouldn't bust the criteria.
 the obvious places are lower 48, Alaska,
 as with the flexibility mostly exists, maybe in Canada as well, but I wouldn't really call
 out a specific asset we're trying to do and we're trying to optimize across the
 portfolio, but the issue is if you're not optimizing across the diverse
 portfolio, then you're, you know, maximizing the value that the diversification brings
 you.
 we're trying to do is to make sure that we're running each of these assets at their optimum.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Jeffrey Bambujan from Tutor Pickering.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
 My first one is on ESG, the Paris Align Climate Risk Strategy, and I think your commentary
 or answer a lot of what I'm looking for with the oil
 specific examples and just your comments on investment decisions.
 But is there anything incremental you can share at this point
 on other operational changes that you're undertaking
 and focusing on for the broader portfolio.
 Just trying to get a sense for the scope of some of these projects you mentioned again in terms of what's in focus whether that's you know
 new technology around monitoring, retrofit the equipment for emissions control or what
 What have you.
 Yeah, thanks.
 It's...
 I want to take that, you know, recently I was pretty much involved in the low 48 and
 And there's some really, some important progress we're making there.
 I think we announced a couple of things here, along with our new Paris-aligned strategy.
 One was, you know, commitment to zero routine flaring, and that's the World Bank initiative
 there, so we've committed to that. And the other one was the introduction of
 of continuous methane monitoring.
 So this is a real breakthrough for us.
 We're able to do this now at a very reasonable cost, and we're able to now basically on
 on our key sites, we'll have this implemented.
 Thank you.
 65% of our low 48 production covered by early next year and this technology at very low
 cost allows us to sample the emissions around sites, looking for methane every 15 seconds.
 And from that we can respond very quickly to any aberrations that we can address very
 quickly. So those are a couple of really important initiatives for us that contribute to that
 overall commitment we have to reduce our GHG intensity by 35% to 45% by 2030.
 And we really have first mover on this, as you'll know, Jeff, you know, we were the
 first U.S.-based oil and gas company to set a GHG intensity target and with the first U.S.-based
 oil and gas company to commit to being Paris aligned.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Paavo Malchanos from Raymond James.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Thanks for the question.
 quick ones.
 both regarding Europe.
 I guess it's about 10% of your gas volumes.
 No one is accustomed to seeing North Sea gas prices below $3 in MCF, but we've had that
 at the last two quarters, is that a COVID-related demand
 situation or is there something more
 structural in that market.
 Yeah, I think that this is Bill.
 I think as you think about that, that's more what we've seen with COVID related and the
 man-related issues right now, as we think about long-term the macro supply around the
 world. We would see markets tend to have more arbitrage off of the U.S. Gulf Coast with
 with LNG markets, starting to move volumes both into Europe and into Asia as the incremental
 barrel. So I think that what you're seeing is a short-term response to supply demand
 and not a long-term structural change.
 Okay.
 And a follow-up on that, in about six weeks, the European Climate Law will be approved
 by the EU leaders, which will make the North Sea the one part of your portfolio that is
 covered by a net zero mandate.
 Now, does that change anything in terms of how you were thinking about that asset given
 in the decarbonization targets for the EU as a whole.
 No, not really.
 I think we're continuing to make adjustments
 what we're left with in the Europe portfolio
 as our Norwegian assets and, you know, some of the lowest carbon
 intensity assets we have that are offshore and looking at other options to continue to
 reduce our emissions through electrification and additions there.
 But as we look at it, it's minimal addition to the cost of supply, and it's quite manageable
 in Norway still is very competitive in the portfolio.
 Sonora, this is Ellen.
 And we'll go ahead and take our last question if you don't mind.
 Thank you.
 Absolutely.
 Thank you.
 Question comes from Phillips Johnson from Capital One.
 Please go ahead, your line is now open.
 Okay, guys, thanks.
 That's one question for me, and it relates to your future return of capital to shareholders.
 In the last five years, you guys have repurchased a little over $10 billion worth of stock at
 an average price of around $62 a share, so at today's share price, the paper lost on
 that program is pretty substantial.
 And I realize you guys plan to repurchase more stocks here in the fourth quarter, but I wanted to ask if there's any appetite at the board level to
 to scrap the idea of share repurchases
 and instead, pursuant to a fixed plus variable
 dividend strategy that would target paying out a certain percentage of your free cash
 flow directly to shareholders each quarter.
 Yeah, I think the, you know, the most important thing is your last piece of that where we
 are targeting over 30% of our cash back to the shareholder.
 That's what we've committed to and delivered on in excess over the last three to four years
 since we kind of came out to reestablish a new value proposition for this business.
 And I think the dividend today is certainly covering a large share of that.
 think that buying our shares back at this kind of level is an important thing to do
 due to because the shares are certainly well undervalued.
 and certainly relative to where we think
 mid-cycle price should be.
 So I don't think we'll give up on share repurchases completely.
 She made a real point.
 I mean, we wanted to buy our shares through the cycle.
 And this was a pretty significant downturn
 with curtailed production and the light going on
 in the second quarter.
 So we did suspend for a while.
 We wanted to restart up because the benefit to really buying your shares is not just buy
 buy them when you're at mid-cycle price, but continue to buy them through the low end
 of the cycle because that's what brings down the average cost to your shares, obviously.
 So we still think it's going to be a piece of our return to shareholder Pi in the question
 begins, you know, what happens on future access returns when, if there's another big
 cycle and we start to exceed our bid cycle price call and we've had conversations around
 that with the market and we continue to look at all the different ways to do that and continue
 to be open to all the different ways to do that.
 But at this 10 seconds, the dividend more than satisfies our return to shareholders.
 Thank you.
 We have no further questions at this time.
 I'd like to turn the call back over to Ellen.
 Thank you.
 Great.
 Thanks, Inara.
 Thanks to our listeners, by all means, reach back to us if you have any follow-up questions,
 and we really appreciate your interest
 in support in ConocoPhillips.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 This concludes today's conference.
 Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.