 Thank you, Rick.
 In order to allow time for our strategic update, I'll keep my preparatory marks brief, highlighting
 just a few of the noteworthy milestones from the quarter.
 As Rick mentioned, we've continued to make significant progress across our pipeline.
 In immunology, we've reported results from several mid- and late-stage trials.
 Yesterday, we announced positive top line results from three
 Three phase three studies evaluating written kids and having psoriasis.
 data from these trials demonstrated superior skin clearance with Thors-Hankismab treatment
 versus two leading biologics.
 Stelara and Humira.
 In the Ultima 1 and Ultima 2 trials,
 Seventy-five percent of patients receiving risk in KISMAP in both studies achieved POSSI-90
 compared to 42% and 48% of patients receiving stelaura
 respectively.
 particularly encouraged by the durable rates of skin clearance demonstrated in
 in these two studies.
 At one year, roughly twice as many patients treated
 with RISC and KIS&MAP achieved full skin clearance
 compared to Stalara.
 with 56% and 60% of the RISC and KISMAD patients
 achieving POSSI 100 in Ultima 1 and Ultima 2 respectively.
 We also saw very high rates of efficacy in the indent study.
 with versanquisimab demonstrating superior rates of skin
 clearance compared to Humira.
 Within this trial, we designed a portion of the study to evaluate Resyncism as efficacy
 and patients who had an inadequate response to chimera.
 In its portion of the study, patients with an inadequate response to Hemera after 16
 weeks were re-randomized to rysinchizumab or humira.
 And of these patients, 66% treated with Resentizumab achieve Posse 90 compared to 21% who continued
 with HEMERA.
 demonstrating risk and KISMAP's potential in the growing TNF inadequate responder population.
 We look forward to seeing data next year from the remaining trial in the psoriasis pivotal
 program. Our regulatory submission is on track for 2018, with commercialization expected
 in 2019.
 Moving now to Eupadacitinin, our oral selective,
 Jack 1 inhibitor in development for six indications.
 Last month, we announced top line results
 from the second of our phase three studies.
 the select beyond the study.
 in this trial which evaluated patients
 who did not respond adequately or were intolerant
 to biologic D-MARDS.
 Both doses of Eupatocetanin met all primary
 and rank secondary endpoints at week 12.
 and patient-sustained clinical response through week 24.
 Eupatocytinib drove very high levels of response to the ACR20, but more importantly, it drove
 strong levels of response on more stringent clinical endpoints, such as ACR 50, ACR 70,
 low-disease activity, and to ask for mission.
 We saw levels of efficacy in this difficult-to-treat refractory population, similar to efficacy
 more typically observed in bio-naive patients.
 We are aware that there continues to be significant investor interest regarding the topic of DVT
 and PE event rates.
 As we stated on our last earnings call,
 We have a comprehensive monitoring program
 in place for you, how to sit in it.
 and have not observed anything in our phase three program
 that we consider a signal.
 and the rate of DVT and PE across the program
 is consistent with the expected background rate.
 in an RA population.
 while we can appreciate the desire
 to characterize event rates for you how to sit in it.
 It is important to keep in mind that estimates based on
 individual events or a subset of trials have the potential to be inaccurate and misleading.
 The Patysitin program is designed to provide a comprehensive safety database with more
 than 3,000 eupatocetin-treated patients.
 Evaluation of unblinded event rates
 and comparisons to rates in control groups
 and expected background rates.
 must be done in the context of our overall program.
 once the course studies have read out.
 even the fact that we have reported data from two of our six registrational trials and that
 the majority of our database remains blinded.
 We view any attempt to calculate event rates
 or compare rates across U. Patacitinib and control groups
 as premature at the present time.
 Furthermore, providing unblinded data from ongoing studies could impact the integrity
 of these trials, which is something that we obviously cannot and will not do.
 In addition to our internal safety monitoring program, we have an independent data monitoring
 committee, or DMC, in place repotting it in order to ensure patient safety.
 The DMC has access to all data from the program, including unblinded data, and monitors it
 for safety on an on-dilling basis.
 The DMC is also obviously aware of the heightened interest
 in DBTs and PEs in this setting.
 and has consistently made the recommendation
 to proceed with the program without modification.
 We remain very confident in ePATASitNIM and are investing in and advancing multiple indications in a manner that is consistent with our confidence.
 We also recently reported positive top line results from the
 patocitinid phase 2 study in atopic dermatitis, demonstrating very strong efficacy across all
 doses compared to placebo.
 In the trial, we saw very rapid response times, with hepatocytosis demonstrating reduction
 anemporitis within the first week,
 and improvement in skin lesions
 within the first two weeks for all doses.
 Roughly half of patients achieved a 90% or greater improvement in skin lesions by week 16
 Based on these data, we plan to advance
 into phase three studies in atopic dermatitis
 in the first half of 2018.
 Moving now to oncology.
 In the third quarter, we reported that the DMC for the Phase III Murano trial recommended
 we unwind the study for efficacy, indicating that Benplexa, in combination with her tuxan,
 met the primary endpoint of the study of demonstrating
 significantly prolonged progression-free survival
 in patients with relapsed refractory CLL.
 compared to a combination of Ben Demostin and Rituxin.
 a standard regimen in this patient population.
 We plan to present detailed findings from the trial and an upcoming medical meeting,
 and the data will support a regulatory application
 for broader use in the relapse refractory CLL population.
 Also, in the third quarter, we received regulatory approval for the use of imbuvica in chronic
 graph versus host disease.
 after failure of one or more lines of systemic therapy.
 and before the end of the year,
 We expect data from an interim analysis of the SHINE study in front line mantle cell and
 FOMA, which, if successful, would support a label update from Rubica in this
 indication.
 We continue to make good progress with our solid tumor efforts as well, where we currently
 we have more than 20 solid tumor assets in the clinic.
 17 of which are in phase 1 studies.
 We have started seeing early data from several of these programs, and we look forward to
 many more readouts as data mature over the next 12 to 18 months.
 At ESMO last month, we presented early data from the Roviti Basket Study in Neuroendocrine
 tumors.
 while the data are very early.
 We are encouraged by the findings which showed reduction in tumor burden and confirmed responses
 and solid tumors beyond small cell lung cancer.
 Our phase 3 rovetees studies in small cell lung cancer continue to progress with the
 The TAVO study in the second line setting and the MARU study in the front line setting
 both now well underway.
 Okay.
 Trinity.
 Registrational study in third line or greater small cell lung cancer also continues to
 progress well.
 as we prepare for our forthcoming regulatory submissions.
 we've been actively engaged in discussions with regulators.
 We recently received feedback from the FDA that they would like to see six months to
 ability data as part of our regulatory submission data package.
 This request is not unusual in development programs where single-arm studies are being
 used to support approval.
 We anticipate that six-month data will be available in the second quarter of 2018.
 Therefore, we have moved the final analysis for the Trinity study to the second quarter
 of next year in order to meet the FDA's request.
 We continue to expect a regulatory submission to follow shortly thereafter.
 In the area of virology, early in the third quarter, we received regulatory approvals in
 the U.S.
 Europe and Japan for Maverick.
 And in the area of women's health, we
 submitted our regulatory application for allogolics as a treatment for women's suffering from
 endometriosis associated pain.
 And this morning, we announced that we received a priority
 view designation from the FDA.
 Well, 2017 to date has already been a very eventful and productive year.
 We anticipate seeing several additional clinical development
 milestones in the coming months, and 2018 will also be a milestone-filled year.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill for additional comments on our third quarter
 performance.
 Bill?
 Thanks, Mike.
 We are very pleased with our strong third quarter results.
 Total net revenues were nearly $7 billion, up 8.8% operationally, excluding a 70 basis
 point favorable impact from foreign exchange.
 We reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.41, up 16.5% compared to the third quarter
 of 2016.
 adjusted EPS exceeded the midpoint of our prior guidance range by 4 cents due to favorable
 sales and operating margin profile dynamics.
 There was also a two-cent benefit in the quarter related to the vesture of an equity position.
 Do you hear us global sales in the quarter?
 were $4.7 billion, up 14.8% operationally, reflecting
 What we've said is that we monitor the program very carefully and we look at the aggregate
 data.
 And so with
 When we monitor the data at this stage, we're looking in a blinded manner across our entire
 database.
 And it's important to understand that,
 because I can't give you a rate that is a you pat a sit nip rate today without talking
 about unblinded data and ongoing studies, and I can't do that.
 So what I'll do is I'll talk about aggregate rates, and what we said and what remains true
 is that those aggregate rates are consistent with the background, and we've said that the
 background there's there's variability in that background but those
 those estimates are around 0.8 and so that hasn't changed.
 It also hasn't changed.
 So we haven't seen anything that we consider a signal.
 and the aggregate of our monitoring program tells us
 that all the statements that we've made are still hold.
 Okay.
 And so this is Mike.
 the question about STEM Centrics and our overall portfolio.
 So as we mentioned on the call,
 We have a very robust portfolio overall in R&D, and certainly within oncology, we are
 are building considerable momentum.
 As I mentioned, we have 20 programs in the clinic.
 17 of those are in early development.
 And that's a mix between STEM centrics
 and other at the programs.
 And so, if that makes it difficult to give you a percentage that STEM centrics will represent
 going forward because, of course, that's going to be based on the total number of programs
 that advance into later stage development.
 What I would say is we're singing encouraging signs
 across that work fully on STEM programs
 and other programs of activity.
 So we'd expect to advance a number of those programs.
 And with respect to your question about targeting
 technologies. We certainly have a number of ADCs in our portfolio. We feel that the talents
 we have as an organization, fit that very well in terms of our skills and small molecule
 chemistry and protein engineering and antibody engineering, but we are in no way limited to
 ADCs.
 We have very robust capabilities in small molecules in novel biologics beyond monoclonal antibodies.
 We have a presence now in oncolytic viruses
 and other novel means to modulate targets.
 And so we're gonna look at the targets
 that we have available, and we're going to pick the best modality that we can to address
 and that is in a way going to be limited to ADCs.
 So small cell lung cancer remains an area of very, very substantial in that medical need.
 the standard of care hasn't changed in many years.
 And we view it in a positive way overall
 But there are now some therapies that look like they can make a real difference here,
 robin T included.
 I'm not sure that the bar has changed substantially though.
 So for example, if you look at third line or greater small cell
 lung cancer.
 There are no approved therapies.
 response rates based on expert opinion because there really are no good clinical studies
 here would probably be in the low single-digit range, if not in zero, and survival is dismal.
 And as Rick mentioned, with recent IO releases, objective response rates of 10 or 20 percent
 are meaningfully different than that.
 And so there's a huge unmet medical need here.
 And there's an unmet medical need
 that relates not only to response rates.
 but also to getting patients on a course
 that allows them to have good long-term outcomes.
 and those longer term outcomes have been a strength
 of Brova T based on its stem cell targeting approach, cancer stem cell targeting approach.
 So while there are encouraging signs, there's still a huge on that medical need, and I don't
 think the
 of R has changed substantially.
 Okay, so this is Mike.
 with respect to the R.A. studies for you, Padasitinib,
 and what we'll support in the NDA next year.
 As you mentioned, we have six studies, and those cover a range of patients from that
 that tracks inadequate responders to biologic inadequate responders they
 include active comparator studies and studies aimed to look at structural
 endpoints.
 And so we will file with at least five studies of this X.
 We've always considered five studies, our core.
 There was a sixth study, which is a structural study, which was originally anticipated to
 to take longer than the others.
 So it, but it is moving forward ahead of schedule.
 so it's possible that that could actually come in
 in a time that it can be included,
 we're going to continue to evaluate that.
 But it would either be five or six studies, and we would.
 So with respect to rates across the program, I think the best answer that I can give is
 that I can give you is the answer that I gave you
 in my prepared remarks,
 which is that we monitor the program in aggregate
 across all of the studies.
 And of course, we're still blinded on the majority
 of the studies and therefore the majority of our database.
 And when we look at that and when we look at those rates those rates are consistent with the background, right?
 you know, that we've stated on a number of occasions.
 We're going to continue to monitor carefully, but we've not seen that situation change.
 I'll also refer to the remarks that I made about our DMC, that we are firewalled from
 our DMC by design, but our DMC has access to all of the data, including the unblinded
 and data, and they have consistently recommended that we continue the program without any modifications.
 And if they had concerns, you certainly wouldn't expect that to have been their course of action.
 With respect to platelet changes, we've looked at it, we've not seen any changes with platelets.
 the platelets remain stable on therapy.
 And I think playlists don't seem to be playing any part of the picture for you, Pat, of sitting in.
 In terms of launches in UC and Chrome, it's early on in those programs, so, you know,
 So, you know, we're always going to try to move as quickly as we can and advance the
 programs rapidly, but we're not seeing any bottlenecks in sites.
 We're not seeing any bottlenecks in patients.
 In fact, recruitment across the program has gone very well.
 I think indicative of strong investigator and patient
 in the U-Patterson program broadly.