 Good day, everyone, and welcome to Banco Santa Cruz, Mexico's second quarter 2020 earnings conference call.
 Today's call is being recorded.
 the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer
 session, and I'd like to turn the conference
 over to Mr. Hector Chavez, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations.
 Let's make some opening remarks and introduce today's other speakers.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call.
 We appreciate everyone's participation today.
 And by now, everyone should have access to our earnings press release and the presentation
 for today's call, both of which were
 distributed before the market opens today
 and can be found in our Investor Relations website.
 Presenting on our call today will be Ed Dogrisi, Executive President and CEO,
 Didier Mena, our CFO
 and Rodrigo Brande, Executive General Director of Public Affairs.
 We will review our second quarter results, as well as provide an update on how we are
 operating under the health and safety protocols that are designed to help mitigate the risks
 related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Then we will be happy to answer your questions during the Q&A session.
 Before we begin our formal remarks, allow me to remind you that certain statements
 named during the course of this discussion.
 They constitute forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs
 and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties,
 including COVID-19, that could cause actual results to materially differ,
 including taxes that could be beyond the company control.
 For an explanation of this risk, please refer to our filings with the SEC and the Mexican Stock Exchange.
 Hector, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Hector.
 Good morning, everyone, and good afternoon to those in Europe.
 Thank you for joining our earnings call today.
 I hope you and your families are healthy and safe.
 As we discussed last quarter, mitigating the effects of the pandemic on the health
 and the well-being of our employees and customers has remained our utmost priority.
 Before giving you an update on the measures that were implemented in this regard, let
 Let me begin a review by providing context.
 the quarter has been
 quite challenging
 as we started seeing the impact of the pandemic on the Mexican economy, on our business, and of course, on our results.
 Despite the impact, let me assure you that our bank remains strong and focused.
 First, our capital and liquidity levels are solid and well above the minimum derulatory
 Second, we have a clear strategy, which we are executing to support our customers and
 minimize the cost.
 the impact on the pandemic
 on the finances, and third,
 We expect to emerge from this difficult environment as a stronger institution.
 Business volumes close the second quadrant with high single-digit year-on-year growth
 while we experience an adverse shift in our portfolio mixed towards lower yielding segments.
 Consumer and SME loans started to contract, in line with market trends, while the commercial
 companies were able to do that.
 mortgage loans were resilient and continued to register sponges.
 Detailing measures implemented by Banco de Mexico and the CNBB allow us to maintain ample
 energy.
 of liquidity and capital, enabling us to offer our customers
 support mechanisms to temporarily alleviate their cash flow and the financial stress
 caused by economic fallout of the pandemic.
 Although asset quality deteriorated slightly in the quarter, we made preemptive long
 of the year.
 cost provisions of 3.9 billion pesos in addition to the normal quarterly provisions.
 in preparation for our future losses.
 We would revise this amount in the future as more information becomes available on the
 performance of our loan portfolio during the coming quarters.
 As we normally do, we will provide an overview of our business environment.
 So let me emphasize again our conviction that Santa Barbara, Mexico, is very well positioned
 against the current and still growing economy impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 In slide four, we present select economic indicators.
 that show the magnitude of the impact in the pandemic is having economic activity
 in having an economic activity and employment.
 As you might recall, 2020 GDP growth expectations for the Mexican economy
 were modest prior to the pandemic,
 mainly due to weak private investment prospects.
 With equilateral indicators showing a contraction of more than 20% year-on-year in economic activity
 and 37% on year-on-year drop in fixed investment,
 Market consensus expectations have been revised down to a 9% annual decrease in
 time.
 GDP during 2020.
 In a traditional context, this would be an economic contraction not seen in many decades.
 This significant fall in economic activity resulted in the loss of more than one million
 informal jobs during the second quarter.
 According to Social Security data,
 but as many as 20 million jobs lost, taking into account informal employment.
 Following the past two severe economic crisis back in 1995 and 2009, it took seven quarters
 for the Mexican economy
 to recover its previous level
 of economic activity.
 However, in the current one, we consider it is unlikely that the economy could recover
 within the economy.
 a similar period of time, given the depth and magnitude of the global economic shock
 and the absence of any meaningful fiscal problem to address the severe contraction in its employment.
 with external demand rebounding only gradually and without any mechanism to alleviate households,
 income loss.
 An open economy like Mexico faces a slow path to recover previous to previous activity levels.
 With 2021 growth prospects being forecasted at only plus 3%,
 It could take three to four years to recover 2019 levels of activity.
 Under these conditions, inflation prices are reduced.
 pressures,
 remain low.
 We expect 3.6 for 2020, a low in Banco de Mexico to cut interest rates a little further.
 expect another 100 basis points
 of cuts through the year, throughout the year, which would take the reference rate to around
 four percent by year-end.
 In summary, this scenario of low growth and low interest rates represents a challenging
 outlook for Mexico's commercial and consumer environments and for our business.
 If you turn to slide five, you will notice that despite the severe shock to economic
 activity and employees.
 Thank you.
 development.
 Systems loans and deposit volumes still show a significant year-over-year expansion of
 of 8% and 14% respectively.
 This is mainly explained by large and medium-sized companies and government entities that have
 are drawn on the credit lines to maintain the liquidity of their balance sheets in order
 to continue operating
 during the months of which stay-at-home guidelines have been in effect.
 On the other hand, consumer loans showed a relevant contraction, reflecting the initial
 impact of the pandemic on consumer behavior and of product origination practices being
 maintained by financial institutions.
 It is worth noting that system-wide demand deposits remain strong, up 18% year-on-year,
 likely reflecting heightened needs for liquidity among households and companies
 while Stellar's home guidelines remain in effect.
 Please turn to slide 6, where we would like to give you an update on the bank operations
 during the past few months.
 Our health and business continuity protocols remain in place, such as suspending non-essential
 potential travel.
 limiting the number of people at gatherings and group events, and enhance sanity
 sanitization measures at branches, corporate offices, ATMs, and contact centers.
 As of today, most corporate employees continue working from home while only essential personnel
 are working on site.
 Approximately 80% of the bank branches are open and 92% of our ATM locations are functioning normally.
 The bank's digital channels and contact centers have also been operating normally.
 Our digital monetary transactions increase 64% year-on-year, while our digital sales
 represent the market.
 represented 44% of total sales, twice as much as they did last year as we continue promoting
 customer's use, obviously.
 of digital channels, which continues to drive adoption levels.
 resources.
 have been channeled into implementing additional remote operating tools
 with cybersecurity being a priority.
 During this critical time, we have been supporting our customers through a
 relief program, offering deferred payments for individuals and SMEs, and case-by-case
 workers.
 to our corporate customers.
 that we will elaborate on this program in a moment.
 As part of our commitment to our communities, we have made numerous donations and supported
 communities.
 initiatives.
 that aid the medical community and vulnerable populations.
 We also donated an app to the Mexico City government, which allows the population to
 self-diagnose based on symptoms, locate medical facilities with little capacity near them
 and obtain information on the pandemic.
 week.
 On slide seven, you will find a snapshot of our debt support program that I mentioned
 before.
 Currently, 19% of our total loan portfolio is under the Payment Holiday Program for individual
 MSMEs.
 with more than 600,000 customers benefitting from it.
 Through this program, we are helping customers who have encountered liquidity programs by
 permitting them to escape loan payment
 both interest and principal, for four months without any penalty or cost.
 Because of this feature under the program, it is difficult to assess at this time the extent
 of the pandemic's impact on our asset quality. However, we have been proactive in addressing
 asset quality over the past few months by contacting our customers to better understand
 financial situation.
 and by analyzing their ability to pay.
 More than 55% of our branch network personnel is focused on recoveries, calling customers directly.
 Likewise, the collections and commercial and risk departments segmented the portfolio by level of concern.
 identifying risk and exposure according to customer quality.
 Through this more granular process, we are desmarketing each type of client within 36
 different clusters.
 Okay.
 We have also been analyzing our customer behavior patterns.
 using our CRM capabilities.
 I know that more of 95% of our payroll customers
 continue to receive their salaries.
 For those payroll customers who are not longer receiving their salary, we are collecting
 for unemployment insurance.
 With current information, we estimate that close to 40% of our customers should be able
 to continue honoring fully the condition of their loans.
 Since it is still unclear, if the rest will be able to remain current, we are offering
 people.
 load restructurings to many of them in order to speed up the recovery process.
 It will not be until the third and fourth quarters of this year that we will have sufficient
 hard data on the behavior of the portfolio.
 With regard to our commercial book, we are taking a case-by-case approach to manage our
 for us.
 As we did during the past critical periods, we have remained very close to our customers
 and are helping them navigate this current challenging environment.
 For those companies that face difficulties, we have been offering multiple alternatives to support them.
 Our current portfolio of commercial destruction loans is close to 50 billion pesos and accounts
 for 16% of our loan
 portfolio with medium and large-sized corporates.
 In addition to actively managing our portfolio,
 know that 76% of our payment holiday portfolio is associated with the mortgages and SMEs,
 which both have guarantees.
 Within our total SME book, 67% of the portfolio is backed up by warranties issued by Nafinsa,
 one of Mexico's developing banks.
 which allows us to share the risk with them, specifically for those
 that are in the referral program, 75% of them have warranties.
 Payrolls and auto loans, 9% of the deferred portfolio, are semi-secured given the collateral
 represented by each customer's salary and card.
 Please turn to slide 8, where I would like to share with you some of the key characteristics
 of our mortgage portfolio, which is giving us relative comfort due to its defensive nature.
 Our organic mortgage portfolio accounts for 86% of all our mortgages.
 existing portfolio.
 a long-to-value ratio of 44%,
 while Origination has an LTV of 70%,
 providing very good warranty coverage.
 The NPL ratio of this portfolio is 3.6% and has been quite stable for some time.
 For the past two years, our Hipoteca Plus Mortgage has allowed us to attract higher
 attract higher income customers, which are more
 defensive in the current environment.
 To expand to this point, our average ticket has been increasing since we launched a product
 is currently not only the highest among our peers, but 37% higher than the average ticket
 of our beers.
 In addition, Hypotheka Plus customers are loyal as they also have their payroll and their credit cards with us.
 Having a low loan-to-value ratio, as well as being the main bank of our customer,
 lower the probability of nonpayment.
 as this type of customer tends to prioritize the home voltages in economic downturns.
 Olinol,
 con
 including the level of warranties we have, the structure of our portfolio, and the proactive
 measures we are taking, we consider we are on the right path to mitigate the negative
 impact of the pandemic on the quality of the loan portfolio.
 On slide nine, let me comment on origination dynamics and the mix we have seen during the
 It doesn't matter.
 It just doesn't matter.
 Commercial loans continue to support total loan growth.
 Therefore, their contribution within local loan origination increased from 78% in the
 second quarter of 2019 to 82% in the second quarter in 2020.
 Commercial loans now represent 64% of our total loans.
 This change in mix has had an impact on our NII, as we will explain later in the call.
 In terms of origination dynamics, we have seen encouraging trends during the quarter
 that are worth noting here.
 In the mortgage and commercial segments,
 June's loan origination registered relevant sequential improvements compared to May,
 passing January's 2020 level.
 In consumer loans, June loan origination remains 25% below the first quarter in 20 monthly
 Yeah, Rich.
 However, it expanded 33% above the 2020 minimum reach last April.
 As you can see on Flight 10, our capital and liquidity positions are very strong.
 At the end of June, our Common Equity Tier 1, CGT 1 ratio is stood at 11.6%, 58 basis
 points.
 March.
 And the West
 significantly in excess of the 8.2% minimum requirement established for the Bank Star
 The decision taken during April shareholders' meeting to postpone the dividend payment for 2019 has allowed us to further strength our capital position.
 In terms of liquidity,
 Our second quarter in 2020, liquidity coverage ratio reached 211%, well above the bank of
 the bank.
 regulatory requirement and supported by the senior notes we issued back in April.
 Before turning the call over to Lydia, I would like to finish my remarks by reiterating that
 we have been active
 swiftly and decidedly to further strengthen their bank in order to mitigate the impact
 of the current crisis on our operations.
 in addition to implementing proper protocols and measures to protect our employees and customers.
 We have continued serving clients with high standards of customer service through our branches and digital channels.
 Again, we are confident that Tower Bank is well-positioned to support the customers as
 they recover from this unprecedented crisis.
 Now, let me pass the call over to Nidia, who will review the part that's most important
 between some metrics.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Hector. Good day, everybody.
 Please turn to slide 11 for an overview of our recent loan performance.
 Total loans expanded 7% year-in-year, but contracted 3% sequentially,
 given a strong corporate loan demand
 at the end of the first quarter.
 Low-margin segments are growing twice as fast as high-margin segments, where SMEs and credit
 Cards contracted 9% and 6% year-on-year, respectively.
 due to the economy's weak performance.
 By contrast, mortgage loans increased a solid 9% year-on-year
 and expanded 13% when excluding the runoff effect of GE and ING portfolios,
 which was well above market growth.
 High-margin segments have reduced their contribution to net interest income by almost 100 basis
 points.
 Individual loans on slide 12 show a slowdown, growing 4% on a year-on-year basis, mainly supported by mortgages.
 As mentioned previously,
 mortgages have proved to be a defensive segment within the Mexican market
 during the past periods of
 economic instability.
 With this in mind, we decided to lower even more the rate of our Hippoteca Plus product to 7.75%, targeting loyal customers.
 As of June, close to 60% of our mortgage origination was coming from
 Hipoteca Plus, which allow us to increase cross-selling of other products.
 In July, we launched a new mortgage product called Hippoteca Free, which is the first commission-free mortgage product in Mexico.
 Unique characteristics of this product are the customers do not have to pay an application fee, monthly commission, or a home appraisal, nor are life and unemployment insurance required, leaving only notary fees to be paid by the customer when occurring this product.
 As you can see, even during these challenging times, we haven't stopped innovating.
 There continues to be a downward trend in credit card loans as we take a more conservative approach toward this segment.
 In addition to managing customers' credit limits, credit card usage declined 30% year-over-year during the quarter.
 as many clients stayed at home.
 This trope had a negative impact on balances, of course.
 After usage, rates reached a very low level in April.
 They recover in May and June, although remaining slightly below first-quarter levels.
 Growth in our consumer loans
 has been concentrated in payroll loans
 growing 2.5% year on year
 and still above the market per CMBB data as of the end of May.
 Personal loans continue to contract
 consistent with our
 strategy to focus on more defensive
 segments of the market, a sector
 noted.
 Finally, our auto loan production in June, more than double compared to previous quarter's average, boosted by our new commercial alliance with Mazda.
 Turning to slide 13, growth in our base of loyal and digital customers continues demonstrating important progress.
 with year-on-year increases of almost 17% and 31% respectively,
 despite the challenging business environment.
 Loyalty penetration, that is loyal to active customers, stands at 35%, 400 points higher than a year ago.
 We have seen continuous growth in the use for digital channels as customers have stayed home during the pandemic.
 This quarter, product sales via digital channels accounted for 44% of the total, almost doubling year-ago levels.
 Digital monetary transactions also spiked, reaching almost one-third of the total, while
 Mobile transactions represented 93% of total digital transactions versus 84% in 2019.
 mobile customers also kept growing
 at a solid 38% year-on-year rate, reaching $4.3 million at the end of the quarter.
 As you can see on slide 14, commercial loans grew 9% year-in-year, but decreased sequentially
 as some corporates started prepaying
 Again, some lines withdrawn in the first quarter of this year.
 and middle market segments continue to register double digits year-on-year expansion, although
 So their sequential evolution showed lower and stable volumes
 respectively.
 SME loans registered a fourth sequential quarterly contraction, as this segment showed a weakening trend even before the pandemic.
 Outstanding loans are similar to the ones we had in the fourth quarter of 2017, 10 quarters ago.
 The downward trend is also related to our lower risk appetite for lending in the SME segment.
 given that more than 50% of our SME loan book
 join the payment holiday deferral program,
 and those customers cannot use their credit lines
 while in the program.
 loan origination in this segment
 will remain low until we have more visibility
 and the performance of the economy.
 Moving on to total deposits on slide 15, this increased 10% year-on-year while quarter-on-quarter
 we saw a 3% contraction.
 During the quarter, there was a shift between demand and time deposits favored by lower interest rates.
 As of the second quarter of this year, demand deposits represented 64% of total deposits
 And we're up 11% year-on-year.
 Deposit growth from individuals stands out at 23% year-on-year, supported by our promotion campaign to attract these types of deposits.
 After an atypical first quarter of this year, deposits from individuals continue to grow
 faster than corporate deposits, in line with our strategy to further increase our exposure
 to Retail Deposits.
 Retail deposits now represent 33% of total deposits, almost 400 basis funds higher than its contribution in the first quarter of 2018.
 Turning to slide 16, we have a very strong capital and liquidity position, a sector had
 a very strong capital.
 We maintain a sound funding position with a net loan to the positive ratio of 91.8%,
 one of the strongest levels since becoming a listed company.
 Our liquidity coverage ratio increased 89 percentage points relative to the first quarter
 of this year.
 and now stands at 211%, well above the regulatory threshold of 100%.
 We also remain very comfortable with our debt profile with manageable debt maturities.
 Regarding capitalization, our ratio increased 46 basis points sequentially to 16.7%,
 reflecting the postponement of the dividend payments as recommended by the Banking Commission,
 Well, our core tier 1 ratio was up 58 basis points to 11.6%, and our tier 1 ratio stood
 at 13.03%.
 As you can see on slide 17, net interest income decreased 4% year-on-year and 6% quarter-on-quarter.
 As a result, net interest margin contracted 128 basis points to 4.5% for the quarter.
 Our margin decline was a result of lower interest rates and lower balances within the high yielding segments coupled with higher average assets.
 as a consequence of a significant increase in our securities portfolio.
 Without this last effect, our NIM would have contracted only 54 basis points.
 As Hector explained earlier, we're expecting net interest income to continue contracting
 during the remainder
 remainder of the year.
 Due to anticipated decreases in interest rates,
 combined with a change in our portfolio mix where growth will likely come from low yielding segments
 and with a likely contraction in high yielding segments.
 However, this downward pressure will be partially mitigated by our expanded investment in securities
 portfolio.
 Please move on to slide 18.
 Again, net commissions and fees decreased 2.1% year-on-year, affected by the double-digit
 decline in credit card transactions.
 Recarry usage decreased 42% in April, 34% in May, and 14% in June on a year-on-year basis.
 fees register only
 a slight contraction given renewals of several groups insurance policies which
 which partially compensated for software insurance demand.
 represents almost 30%
 for total fees
 and has proven to be a defensive segment even considering the the pandemic with health and life
 insurance growing, while retail insurance is slightly decreasing.
 Our investment banking team has been very active, mainly in financial advisory services,
 and it's going to be very active.
 translated into strong fee growth of 31% in this line of our business, which partially
 compensated for weaker results in other areas, mainly credit card fees.
 Turning to slide 19, gross operating income grew 9% year-on-year, driven by a solid performance
 in market-related income, which was significantly above our historical average levels of between
 600 to 800 million pesos
 per quarter.
 Declaring interest rates, the FX market volatility, especially during April and May, supported
 market-making income.
 In addition, we sold investment in securities in order to further strengthen our liquidity position, generating non-recurrent gains that boosted this quarter's result.
 All this contributed for market-related income that accounted for 13.8% of gross operating
 revenues, 3.5 times higher than a historical average of 4%.
 Moving on to provisions on slide 20.
 In light of the deterioration of Mexico's economic environment
 and in anticipation of a possible deterioration of our loan portfolio, both due to the pandemic.
 In June, we registered a special charge of low loans provisions on top of those normally
 require.
 The 3.9 billion pesos charge raised total provisions to 8.35 billion pesos in the quarter, up 88% year-on-year and 62% sequentially.
 We have made this estimate of preemptive provisions with the information currently at hand.
 However, this amount could be revised in the future as more information becomes available.
 Cost of risk for the quarter stood at 3.1%.
 a 44 basis point year-on-year increase, and 49 basis points sequentially.
 Our total NPL ratio showed a slight 28 basis points year-over-year increase to 2.5%, mainly
 due to the SME segment.
 Together, we are mortgage and credit card portfolios.
 As explained earlier, these ratios only reflect the performance of 81% of our total portfolio
 that does not fall under the payment holiday program.
 We consider this ratio encouraging as its evolution is quite benign when considering
 the significant deterioration in economic activity and employment.
 However, it will not be until the third and fourth quarter of this year that the debtors program will end.
 It will be at that time when MPL ratios will reflect the real magnitude of the economic impact of the pandemic.
 Now, please turn to slide 21.
 Administrative and promotional expenses increased 1.2% year-on-year, reflecting the effort to
 control personal costs, mainly reserves for viable compensation, and amortization expenses
 related to the strategic and IT investments
 that we made over the past three years
 as we will continue
 investing in the digitalization of the bank
 and in technology upgrades, we're targeting gradient operating efficiencies in the common
 quarters, such as the ability to reduce the number of business trips, variable compensation,
 as well as limiting base salary increases, among other improvements.
 Less business travel and salary caps already led to a sequential 1.9% decrease in our total expenses during the second quarter of this year.
 Such expense controls, combined with strong operating income and the conclusion of our
 future.
 year investment plan contributed
 to a 358 basis points
 improvement in our efficiency ratio, which decreased to 40.7%.
 On a six-month basis, duration proved 227 basis points, year-on-year to 42.3%.
 Turning to profitability on slide 22, you will note that our earnings were mainly impacted
 by special loan loss provisions that we
 discussed earlier. Profit before
 taxes was down 24% year-on-year for the quarter and 11% for the first half of the year.
 Net income decreased 25% year-on-year to 4.2 billion pesos, while our effective tax rate
 increased 38 basis points
 year-on-year to 25.3%.
 This resulted in an 11.5% decrease in net income for the first six months of 2020, which
 which was 9.6 billion pesos.
 Return on equity was 11.9%, 543 basis points below the year-ago level, and down 362 basis points sequentially.
 Year-to-date, ROE contracted 328 basis points to 13.5%.
 Let me now turn the call back to Hector Grisi for some final remarks.
 Hector, please go ahead.
 Yeah.
 Please turn to slide 23.
 Let me share with you some final thoughts on what lies ahead.
 Given the unprecedented nature of this health crisis and the uncertainty surrounding its
 situation, we have to take a look at the future.
 of magnitude, we anticipate
 only a very gradual recovery of the economy, which has obvious implications with regard
 to our operating environment.
 We expect our loan portfolio.
 will likely be driven by commercial loans, mainly medium and large corporates.
 government loans, as well as mortgages.
 The consumer will recover very gradually, and this will depend on the speed of the eventual turnaround in employment,
 economic activity as well as business and consumer confidence.
 Although visibility on asset quality is limited due to the parent holiday program, we have
 We have been talking and taking rapid and decisive action.
 in order to mitigate the impact of the pandemic
 the loan book.
 A recovery plan, which includes a very detailed and in-depth analysis of each customer situation,
 is allowing us to preemptively
 and swiftly
 prepare the rank for
 complicated quarters I have.
 In particular, we have allocated a large number of core
 For instance, employees and branches involving carrying out recovery
 strategy.
 We will go to the next slide.
 continue focusing on enhancing customer loyalty and on cross-selling non-credit products to
 support non-interest income.
 We also remain committed to making additional investments in the bank transformation, mainly
 in IT and digitalization, but we will continue to look for efficiencies in other lines with
 the strict cost control in order to support the bottom line.
 And finally, rest assured that our bank is operating from a position of strength with
 robust capital and high liquidity levels that will allow us to overcome this complicated
 model.
 we believe are temporary circumstances.
 We are now ready to take your questions.
 please. So, Brayther, let's go ahead.
 Thank you.
 If you ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Again, press star 1 to ask a question.
 please ask one question and a follow-up.
 If you have further questions, please reenter the queue.
 We'll pause for just a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions.
 Thank you.
 Our first question is from the line of Hasson Moline from Scotiabank.
 Please go ahead.
 All right. Thank you very much.
 My question is on the operating outlook.
 the disclosure is excellent
 as always, and I like the way you presented it.
 On slide 19, we can look at the main drivers for the operating income, and clearly it's
 we talked about market-related revenue was very strong, well above historical levels,
 about 14% of the total operating income compared to, let's say,
 three or four percent in the past, these are different times, but how should we think about
 efficiency going forward, you talked
 about cost control.
 We saw that.
 If you can just give us a general sense.
 You mentioned there are certain costs you can control and you are controlling.
 Can you talk a little bit about the physical infrastructure?
 Is there an opportunity to rationalize the physical branch network after the investments you made?
 What should we be looking for in terms of efficiency going forward?
 The dynamic is quite skewed from all of these moving parts, the very high trading and the low revenues, given what's going on.
 Thank you.
 I mean, as you have said, I mean, if you take a look at our numbers, basically, we have
 bequeased
 Thank you.
 cost of the bank quite significantly.
 I mean, first of all, I mean, not traveling and not doing many things basically have reduced
 naturally, because we have also been very strict in new projects and new situations.
 I mean, we are basically focusing all our expenses in IT to support the backbone
 and to be ready for what's coming.
 so in that sense
 that's going to be our priority.
 Secondly, we are taking a look
 We're doing a deep dive in terms of all our infrastructure,
 And we're not going to take, I mean, rough decisions in terms of closing down a big number
 of branches or anything like that.
 I think we're going to be rationally looking at each of the micro markets
 that we have divided the country into
 and we will decide
 with the evolution of the economy
 what should happen there.
 But we're going to be very strict.
 You have seen the growth of the post four or five years in terms of branches.
 We actually have decreased the number of total ranches.
 We have just, we have been very intelligent in the way we have managed that.
 What we have done is upgraded the current and the most important branches, which we
 We are going to basically be taking a little bit more time than the time that we were thinking
 of upgrading
 all the branches are not up to the standard.
 Exactly what we're doing.
 what we're doing.
 basically rationalize
 all expending, and do it on where the most important thing is, that is basically the
 IT platform and the digitalization of the bank.
 So, in that sense, we're going to be very concentrated on that.
 We also believe that, I mean, given that we have been able to operate the bank under this
 income taxes.
 a huge amount of people basically working from home.
 You basically get to understand exactly how really, how much people do you need, what
 How can you rationalize, et cetera?
 So what you're going to see from us is that we're going to be very responsible in the way we manage that
 and concentrate on those points.
 We're working currently on that plan.
 We are working on our three-year plan, and we're basically including all this in order
 to do so.
 Maybe as a follow-up, just some comments on what you've seen throughout your peers in the SEMP and their group in the region or elsewhere.
 Are there other things you think that could be applied to Mexico that could help,
 perhaps on the side of the banking system, perhaps in terms operationally or IT or any factors at all.
 Thank you.
 What we're doing basically is, for example,
 I mean, in terms of developing digital platforms, et cetera, what we're doing it now,
 So instead of each country basically developing the platforms, we are doing it together.
 so that basically is going to help out quite a lot.
 So it's not Mexico.
 For example, right now in Mexico, we're developing the new super app,
 and the new super app is going to be used in all the other countries.
 For example, the onboarding for SMEs, we are using the one that is being developed in Europe.
 So, all those type of things are going to help us out, basically, in reducing our cost
 for the digital infrastructure that we're developing
 And we're working together much more within the group in order to do that.
 So you're going to see that, I mean, the cost of basically developing things
 and it's going to come down due to the fact that we're doing it together
 with the rest of our 10 sister banks.
 So, we'll start right back.
 Thank you very much.
 anything at this point.
 Thank you. Appreciate it.
 Well, thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Jorge Curi from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, everyone.
 I wanted to ask about net interest margin.
 I mean, you pointed out that you expect further complications in the next couple of quarters
 given falling rates and weak loan demand and mixed deterioration.
 As you look at 2021 in the context of what you said on not a strong economic recovery next year
 And with average rates next year being much lower than 2020, if indeed rates end up at 4%,
 What is the expectation for net interest margin next year and for NII?
 Is it possible that we're likely to see another year of NII compression?
 and to what extent that could be offset elsewhere in the P&L.
 and my second question
 is on the coverage ratio.
 And I know that banks normally don't target a coverage ratio.
 I get it, but evidently, the size of your reserves have a relationship to the size of
 your loan book, the size of your MPLs
 and the size of the amount of loans
 that are on the restructuring.
 And so when I look at your coverage ratio, 138%, it looks low relative to where Van Orten
 at all.
 up at 201% and Banco del Bajío at 185%.
 So I wonder, you know, why not just, you know, take a much bigger charge on provisions this quarter?
 you know, evidently there is
 There's a lot of uncertainty ahead, and the more, the better.
 and so is this piece
 meal just going to potentially put more pressure on your earnings going forward rather just
 you know, take a really big one soup
 and, you know,
 raise your coverage to north of
 to 100%.
 and that likely may be something you'll do in the third quarter.
 Thank you.
 Luke, okay.
 I will ask this sector.
 I will ask them.
 Thank you.
 the first part, and then I will ask PDF to complete on the basic numbers of NII, okay?
 I mean, first of all, I mean, if you saw the presentation, we are basically changing the
 mix of the credit loan portfolio.
 Okay?
 I mean, if you have seen, I mean, we have decreased quite a lot our exposure, unfortunately,
 D2S means given the lack of warranties from the government, from NAFINSA, okay.
 So the portfolio has dropped almost 10%.
 So in that sense, that basically is a high yield portfolio, which is going to continue
 to shrink unless we see some guarantees from the government.
 And if you see our portfolio, which is quite important, we have like 62% of it already
 guaranteed by the fees.
 Okay, the core portfolio.
 This basically goes to answer your second part of the question in terms of the amount
 of the amount of research that we have done.
 Then you see that also we see that, for example, consumer credit and consumer loans are going
 are going to decrease as well.
 So the mix is completely changing, and we're going basically back to where we were five
 years ago when we had much more exposure to corporates and to medium-sized companies
 than to consumer loans.
 Remember that we have the different things, okay?
 NII is shrinking.
 On the other side, what we've also been doing is we're pricing, and we are very strict on
 pricing risk.
 Okay?
 Thank you.
 We've been increasing the margin on the corporate loans quite significantly due to that fact
 that we are basically looking at
 the risk that we are taking, and we are looking very closely at the ratings of those companies
 and we are pricing risk accordingly.
 Okay?
 This is not a situation in which we want to expand the credit portfolio, just to expand
 We are basically doing it just to the companies that we believe have a future
 And it will be there in the next few years.
 and both were pricing the risk accordingly.
 So in that sense, you're going to feel it's going towards that.
 But also, the other concentration is mortgages, which we believe – I mean, there is a sector
 still
 of growth.
 as you know, there is a lack of
 or a big
 deficit in terms of homes in Mexico
 So we believe there is still a part of the population that can afford a mortgage, mortgage
 penetration in Mexico is quite low versus arrest and also low penetration is quite low so we
 believe there is a chance to continue penetrating that sector, and maybe on payrolls on some
 situations.
 basically be also lending in that part.
 I mean, and auto loans also.
 We have seen some interesting developments there with very cautious approach to it.
 So in that sense, the mix of the protocol is going to change, and probably we can let
 you know exactly how we see an AI evolving.
 In terms of what you were asking, in terms of the reserves, we've actually been doing
 reserves accordingly to what
 we believe we are doing in terms of how the portfolio is behaving at this point.
 What I can tell you is that we have a lot of information on the portfolio, but we have
 you is that the portfolio, not on payment holidays, is behaving much, much better than
 we believed that it was
 want to
 that he was going to turn.
 Actually, I'm quite surprised about it.
 Hopefully, it continues that way.
 But in that sense, we are basically being, in my opinion, being very responsible in the
 amount of reserve that we are making at this point.
 Also, we have done a tremendous job with the data hubs that we have in reviewing the
 portfolio on holidays. And that portfolio is a portfolio on holidays, and that portfolio
 is being divided
 it, as we said, in 36 clusters.
 Okay?
 These clusters have been developed.
 divided upon the amount of risk that we have on each particular situation, and in some
 Some of these portfolios, even before the payment holiday ends, we are already talking
 of planes.
 And...
 and discussing the way that we could get paid on those particular situations.
 because what we believe is that
 Whoever gets paid first is the one that is going to get paid.
 So we are basically being very aggressive in that sense to talk to our clients
 and basically trying to get that to recover that portfolio.
 As you have seen, 55% of our branches have been turned into collecting branches.
 Basically, we're dedicating our executives to collect.
 We have divided them up on them in the sectors that we believe are the ones that are going to be much more important
 or they're going to be hit the most in the economy.
 So, in that sense, I believe we're very well prepared, although, I mean, or nevertheless,
 is always, I mean, a lot of uncertainty
 was happening, and we didn't want to go overboard.
 We believe it's the right approach is the one that we have made, but we will continue
 to see over the next few months evolution,
 I can tell you is that we're going to be very conservative in the way we manage that.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Didier, I don't know if you want to complete.
 Absolutely, absolutely.
 I would like to complement on what you mentioned.
 great talking to you
 Jorge
 A long time no speak.
 And in terms of NIMS, you know, definitely, you know, as we laid out in the presentation,
 we see significant pressures
 And let me just give you some background information that I think is quite relevant.
 the speed
 at which interest rates have come down
 in Mexico is
 is significant, you know, just in this
 water.
 the average of the reference rate came down 123 basis points.
 That's the fastest decline that we've seen in the recent history.
 we didn't saw an increase of those, you know, that magnitude when interest rates were coming up.
 Okay.
 so that's one thing to have in mind
 the impact
 in NIM that you see in this quarter.
 I think is probably the most severe that we're going to see in a relative basis, relative
 to the first quarter of this year.
 and relative to the second quarter of last year.
 Okay.
 also bear in mind that
 When interest rates were close to 4%, as we probably agree with you that that's where we're headed,
 you know, our NIM was close to 5%, you know, and this was, you know, the second and third
 quarter of 2016.
 I think...
 Thank you.
 that, you know, the number
 that we reported before 48% in this quarter.
 and it has to do with
 with what I was referring to, you know, the speed at which interest rates came down, okay?
 And also, on top of that, you have the, you know, the change in mix on our loan side.
 and also the fact that in order to protect net income from interest rates coming down,
 We increased our investment in securities portfolio significantly, you know,
 And those are, you know, lower margin assets relative to the loan portfolio.
 Just to, you know, share with you, we've bought, you know, and this taking into account, you know, both divestment and maturities,
 the overall growth in our investment in securities portfolio is 96 billion pesos over the last 12 months.
 So what we expect coming down the road, you know, for the rest of 2020 and, you know, next year,
 I think that, you know, having said that there's still a lot of uncertainty, you know,
 I think that probably the most severe numbers in terms of NIM are the ones that we saw this quarter.
 You know, there's probably, you know, 10 to 15 basis points, probably further adjustment
 or slight improvement for the rest of the year.
 Okay.
 and next year I think that
 we'll probably get to see
 names similar or slightly above
 to the ones that we were seeing
 in this quarter, okay?
 Now, regarding the coverage ratio, you're totally right in the sense that we don't target that coverage ratio.
 That's a resulting number.
 And also, you know, when you make reference to, you know, our number, 138%, looks low relative to Banorte.
 in the first quarter of this year
 they had 140%
 In this – in the second quarter, they did, as we did also, you know, increase the provisions.
 But different to us, you know, they did a significant charge-off, 4.6 billion pesos.
 So that's why, you know, their co-restauration increased to 200%.
 I'm probably just elaborating more on what Dector mentioned.
 You know, the level of provisions that we have are in line with the expected losses that we estimate.
 You know, you might have a – or you might question, you know, whether we – you know,
 you know, this is enough or not, you know, and let me share with you that, you know, under
 current circumstances, we have
 definitely done different types of sensitivity analysis or scenario analysis, okay?
 so if there is a b-type recovery in the mexican economy you know we have with
 these quarters provisions we're you know more than covered you know for the rest of the year
 Now, do we think that there's going to be a V-type recovery in the Mexican economy?
 I don't think so
 You know, it's very, you know, low probability.
 Now, we have assessed, you know, our level of provisions according to other type of scenarios, you know, more a U-type or an adverse scenario having a GDP contraction of 12.5%.
 and under two circumstances,
 These quarters provisions are not enough for the entire year.
 There could be close to 60% to 75%, depending on the magnitude of the GDP contraction that
 you assume.
 okay uh so so there there should be a direct correlation between expected losses and provisions
 and the provisions that we are putting forward we think that with information that we have uh
 are, you know, quite strong to cover, you know, expected losses.
 If the economy ends up contracting more than we are expecting right now, definitely we
 will need to provide additional provisions.
 that I encourage
 you to look at if you haven't done so
 Yet, you know, the central bank, Banxico, released in the financial stability report
 published a few weeks ago.
 an analysis regarding MPLs for the entire system.
 and what they did is look at information from the entire banking system for the last 20 years and
 And they, you know, using an econometric model, they estimated, you know, what are the critical
 Adv repentance and the crash, you know, what are theSettings, the endometrics, that are
 variables that determine LPLs, and they break down the loan portfolio in consumer loans
 in mortgage loans
 and corporates
 so
 the
 Once they determined, you know, this econometric model, then they provided, you know, a shock
 with the variables that we're
 seeing lately
 and they estimated how much NPL ratios would deteriorate for the entire banking system.
 for consumer loans
 that would imply a 32% increase for mortgages, 19%, and for corporates, also 32%.
 So when you do that math and you break it down, you know, by the type of loans, by type
 of tank, you get to see, you know, this is obviously a ballpark estimate because obviously
 every single time has
 different practices in
 you know, regeneration practices and recoveries and so on.
 But you can get a sense of the magnitude in terms of, you know, using this model, you
 know how much you would expect that each bank would provision, okay?
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Hector and Elia, for the detailed responses.
 We'll take the next question.
 that comes from the line of Ernesto Gabilondo
 from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, Hector. I'm Vivir. Thanks for the opportunity.
 My first question is a follow-up on the preventive provisions of 3.9 billion pesos.
 So, do you think this level of provisions will be enough for the rest of the year, or
 or are you going to evaluate to create more,
 depending on the behavior of payments
 after the relief program.
 And then, my second question is a difficult one, because we would like to know if you
 You have exposure to Aeromexico under Chapter 11, or to ALSEA that has restructured loans
 with the banks for about a year.
 But I understand if you cannot disclose your exposure.
 so maybe you can remind us
 how much of your loan book
 is exposed to airlines
 and how much
 to food and beverage
 and there is a sector that is concerning you.
 And finally, my last question is on competition in more Dutch loans.
 We have seen different banks reducing the interest rates of mortgages in light of the lower rates.
 So how has been your strategy to attract more mortgage clients,
 and how competitive is your interest rate.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Ernesto. Let me start, and then Didier will complement.
 First of all, on the follow-up of provisions, like I haven't spoken many times to my CRO,
 And he basically tells me that when I ask you and ask him the same question,
 You're asking me at this point, and he basically says, look, I mean, I don't have my crystal
 so clear, and it's quite impossible, I mean, not impossible, but it's going to be difficult
 to assess what we're doing.
 What I can tell you is that we're doing our best job in basically reviewing the portfolio.
 you.
 I do that every single day.
 We review the behavioral bit, and we're basically trying to be as conservative as we can in
 order to manage it.
 So, and if we see that the portfolio continues to deteriorate and is much more complicated,
 We're going to find out.
 I mean, the payment shock comes in the first week of August.
 we're preparing for next week actually
 when the first loans that went into the pending holiday start to mature, and we will see how
 performance of the portfolio is, and then we'll take, I mean, you're going to see our
 numbers right after that.
 I mean, we want to take the provisions as soon as they come, if needed, okay?
 and our second point in our
 Mexico?
 Yes.
 The CIGS, we don't have exposure to them.
 Nothing that we cannot control or nothing too big for the size of the bank.
 I mean, our total exposure to airlines is not big, I mean, compared to the total size
 portfolio of goods sales, probably
 billion se presenta
 much better
 is not big.
 I mean,
 is not very significant
 versus the size of the bank
 And we have done some provisions already on some of this push we have to try to Mexico.
 Okay?
 So we can tell you that in the provisions that we made, some of them are made for the
 exposure, which is not relevant.
 In terms of ALSEA, yes, we do have exposure to them, also not significant, and we are
 basically in the restructuring process as of now, and we see that the company can recover
 I mean, I don't see that.
 But CEA is going to be a particular situation.
 food and beverage, I don't know if the ER has the data, unfortunately, I don't have
 in front of me, and we can get back to you on that, Ernesto.
 In terms of the competition on mortgage loans, it's quite important what we do.
 Why don't you come up?
 important differentiation in terms of how we do market chess versus our competition.
 If you take a look at what Hippoteca Plus is, it's a completely different product that
 Nobody has replicated it in the Mexican market.
 I mean, some of the other banks basically have tried to do a little bit of what we do
 ...
 Hypoteca Plus is the best rate available in the market, but in order to get the rate best
 available in the market.
 which is 7.75% for a 15-year mortgage.
 You have to basically turn us into your most important bank, to your number bank bank.
 Number one bank, what, in order to be able to get a trade,
 We basically have to have different products with us.
 That basically, you have to have your payroll, you have to direct debit your utilities with
 those you want.
 You want to have your payroll and your payroll?
 to have your insurance, you have, so there is something that you have to do in order
 to be able to access the rate.
 In that regard, what happens is even if the loan is at 7.75, and we're also very cautious
 in the loan to value that we do in that
 That's why precisely I was explaining in the presentation that that's why our ticket for
 more than a year.
 is 37% larger than the rest.
 So we go directly to the wealthy people, okay,
 to the people that are in the best situation right now.
 So, we believe that our portfolio is more resilient in these particular situations,
 and also that we get the best
 client because those are the ones that basically can achieve this rate and can achieve this
 have these characteristics
 to access this type of product.
 So that's why the portfolio, we believe, is going to behave well, and it's going to be
 managed
 or is going to behave in a nice way due to that fact, okay?
 So, and we have seen the way the portfolio has performed, and we see that the performance
 is according to our expectations, given the very complicated circumstances.
 Okay.
 So in that regard, I mean, there is competition.
 I mean, there are some banks.
 I mean, a couple of banks have tried to come in and basically compete with us head-to-head
 in these type of situations, but they have not been able to have the same type of product
 that we sell to the market.
 Then we came out with another product that is the hipoteca-free.
 The IPOTECA-free basically has the particularity that has everything included in the rate.
 You don't have any fees, any commissions.
 You don't have to pay for any ancillary cost or anything like that.
 So that particular thing is for people that, I mean, that they believe that we have a lot
 of things under the table
 and they were not completely clear.
 This is completely transparent to the client.
 And that hipoteca is above 9%.
 That's the rate, and that's for a different type of client.
 So we have a Chinese menu for every type of different client who would like to access what we do.
 And, for example, the IPOTECA-free goes to a different sector that is new to us.
 that is basically clients with a lower ticket.
 And there are some of these clients that are very good and that have very good credit quality.
 And that's why we decided to compete in that sector.
 I don't know if this answered your question, Ernesto, and please, dear, compliment.
 Sure, Héctor.
 regarding your first question
 Ernesto
 you know, as
 as I previously mentioned
 And I think that it depends on how severe is the GDP contraction this year
 and how that impacts the capacity for clients to pay back their loans.
 So we think that, you know, as mentioned, if there's, you know, like a U-type recovery and, you know, GDP contracting somewhere around 10% to 12%,
 Then we have made, with the provisions of this water, more than half of what we require,
 and that could be, you know, 60% to 75% of what we require, you know, with information that we have right now.
 Okay?
 But it's going to be dependent on how this evolves, you know, and obviously we're closely monitoring, you know, how our clients are behaving, okay?
 Now, on your second question regarding the exposure that we have to Aero-Mexico,
 is here.
 Thank you.
 Obviously, for confidentiality reasons, we cannot disclose those, but we can reassure
 you that these two exposures that we have are not within our top ten exposures, as Eto
 mentioned, we have already
 the provision
 partially
 the exposure
 that we have with Aeromexico, and that's close to 45% of the exposure that we have that is
 not that the material, okay?
 and I don't have with me the breakdown
 in terms of food, the beverage, the breakdown that we have, that I have right now, it's
 more at the one that
 the CNBB uses more for regulatory purposes
 that don't have,
 I do not have that detail, but for sure we can follow up with that, Ernestine.
 Now, this is super helpful, Lector, and this year, thank you very much.
 We'll take the next question.
 It comes from Brian Flores from Citibank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning.
 And thank you for the opportunity to ask questions.
 You have my question.
 make a quick follow-up.
 you mentioned that based on your CRM capabilities, you saw a certain percentage of customers continue
 What is the percentage?
 Thank you.
 I think that's 40%.
 40%, thank you.
 And now for my question, you know, we've seen some deterioration in asset quality across the board, and as you mentioned,
 S&P portfolio has a large
 the degree of guarantee
 what I'm saying.
 My question isn't great, guys.
 Could you ignore anything on the collateral there and the not given default for this segment?
 What are you expecting in terms of NPL for this segment?
 Thank you.
 If you'd like, I can take that, Hector.
 and the, you know,
 great cards, you know,
 do not have a collateral, you know, so laws given defaults in credit cards is close to
 100%.
 You know, you basically do not recover that much, you know, in terms of credit cards.
 And we think that that's going to be one of the products most impacted.
 When you look at the different types of loans that clients have,
 You know, we think that mortgages are the ones that you don't, you know, you continue paying.
 You know, if there's any just one loan that you continue paying, that's mortgages.
 And probably credit cards are, you know, at the bottom of your priorities, you know, when you have trouble, you know.
 The NPLs that we see in credit cards have been increasing slightly.
 but I think it's, you know, relatively stable when you compare it, you know, historically, you know.
 So we don't expect a significant deterioration.
 you know
 you know, cost of risk, you know, with the provisions that we're taking is close to 11%.
 so
 So, I don't know, Hector, if you would like to, Hector Chavez, if you would like to further
 Complement on this.
 This is the operator. Mr. Chavez's line has gone idle. I will try to reconnect them at this time.
 Would we like to take the next question?
 Thank you.
 Are you sure?
 The next question comes from Tito Labarta from Goldman Sachs.
 Hi, good morning. Thank you for the call. I'm taking the questions.
 one question on the market
 related income
 I know you talked, you know, the big spike in the quarter.
 But do you think that goes back to normal already in the third quarter,
 or do you think that can remain elevated for some period of time?
 just to get
 I know it's hard to predict
 if you get some more color
 and how do you think
 about market-related income going forward.
 And then if I can ask just one follow-up on the provisions, you know,
 understand given the scenario you see
 you kind of feel comfortable with where you are.
 But, you know, if you look at the cost of risk before this quarter, it had been around 2.6, 2.7, you know,
 barring any changes in the scenario
 that you see right now,
 Is that 2.6, 2.7, what we should expect sort of going forward as well?
 Again, barring any significant changes in the current scenario.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 So, I mean, what I can tell you is, yes, we have had a good run in terms of market-related income.
 I think the banks were positioned to do so.
 the important point is
 volatility and
 And if volatility continues to be the way it is, then you can expect that we can basically
 We have good numbers there.
 I don't think we're going to have, in the third quarter, numbers as good as they were
 in this quarter, but, I mean, it's all going to depend on what happens in the next few
 this in the next few months.
 In terms of the provisions and the cost of risk, Didier, you want to comment on that?
 Absolutely, Haikito.
 So, you know, I think that once you take out the historic provisions that we did this quarter,
 I think that cost of risk should be slightly higher than the numbers that we were having
 over the last five quarters, but not to levels that we reported this quarter.
 So somewhere below the 300 basis points, that would be my take.
 And obviously, as you mentioned, you know, with the information that we currently have, okay?
 looking for
 That's helpful.
 Thank you.
 We'll take the next question.
 It comes from the line of Carlos Gomez from HSBC.
 please go ahead.
 Hello and good morning
 I have a question about credit risk
 that not to your corporates
 but to the rest of the financial system, we already saw one company that has been liquidated
 have been put into liquidation
 by the National Banking Commission.
 this is becoming a very long
 crisis with 10 seconds of
 economy being unable to operate.
 so eventually one would imagine that some institutions might get into trouble.
 So are you taking special precautions in regard to any sectors of the financial system?
 and do you think you'll encounter much trouble
 or most of them would be able to go through this okay.
 Thank you, Kavros.
 I mean, in all these particular situations, and depending how long the crisis is going
 take, I mean, it's probably going to take down some financial payers.
 In that sense, we are, yes, we are being very cautious and reviewing and having conversations with them about what their position is and their situation.
 and we're going to basically continue to monitor that
 as the crisis continues to evolve.
 So, in that sense, we are very close in a particular sector.
 we don't have
 I mean, we are not a big lender to the sector.
 I can tell you that they're not in the, as we were saying,
 You know, they're 10 most important clients.
 they are not financial players, so in that
 sense, we are not worried about the exposure that we have out to them, but we are very
 you're going to say,
 taking a look and monitoring them all the time, okay?
 Hopefully the crisis is shorter and nobody else goes down, but I mean, let's see what happens.
 any particular sub-segment that you think
 merit a special monitoring,
 you know, market-related or consumer-related or payroll.
 I think microfinance is a sector that we need to be very close monitoring.
 we don't have to
 a lot of big sponsors to them, but that's a sector that corporally would be complicated
 of situations, the people that
 suffer the most are the ones that are on the base of the pyramid.
 So, unfortunately, that's the case, and we are monitoring that quite closely.
 Thank you so much.
 We'll take the next question.
 It comes from Alonso Garcia from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 And thank you for taking my question.
 And my question is regarding liquidity.
 I mean, your equity coverage ratio improved nicely in the quarter.
 In part, it was owed to the $1.8 billion that issued once in April,
 but also given a very strong increase in funding with banks this quarter.
 So could you please provide some color as to the nature of this funding source
 and what would be your strategy for liquidity in the coming quarters?
 Thank you very much.
 Hi, Alonso.
 you know
 There are several factors regarding liquidity.
 I think that the most relevant is how we fund the, let's say, the loan-to-deposit ratio.
 that, as mentioned, was one of the strongest numbers that we have reported since we became
 I'm a listed company, close to 92%.
 So that's, in my opinion, that's the most robust and fundamental way of looking at it.
 then
 as you
 correctly mentioned.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 is, you know,
 contributed significantly to
 the increase of our
 liquidity coverage
 racial
 and we are monitoring, you know, any potential use of the committed lines of credit that we have with our clients
 that if you look at it
 It's probably the one, let's say, risk that could materialize in the short term.
 we have ample of liquidity
 to honor every single
 committed line of credit that
 that we have
 But that's the one
 are the most
 relevant driver
 in terms of consumption of liquidity.
 The other types of, you know, events that could impact our liquidity, you know, are more gradual, you know,
 And those could be, you know, contraction in deposits, that we're not seeing that.
 And I think that the bank has managed quite proactively, you know,
 liquidity to be prepared
 for any potential
 a really worst-case scenario further down the road.
 Thank you.
 Regarding the line of, in your balance sheet, the line of banks and other loans, which increased 81% quite over a quarter,
 Do you think this line will remain close to those levels, or do you think you could
 substitute this source of funding with probably other deductions in the coming quarters.
 Well, that's your study there.
 you know, we monitor
 constantly at different
 type of funding sources
 and depending on the specific, you know, tenure, cost, you know,
 we end up, you know, withdrawing or taking advantage of the different funding sources.
 So, you know, I would say that not only that particular line item, but every single line item is reviewed, you know.
 And under current market circumstances, it's our obligation to look at better ways of not only funding the bank,
 keeping the structures in place
 so that the bank, you know, can continue
 supporting, you know, long growth.
 So that's something that we continue to monitor, Alonso.
 So, yes, you know, it could be that we keep it at those levels
 or that we reduce it if there's an opportunity to find a more effective funding source.
 Understood.
 Thank you very much.
 We'll take the next question that comes from Yuri Fernandez from J.P. Morgan.
 please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 I have a question regarding the increase on NPL ratio.
 It was up 35 beats, quarter over quarter.
 and I understood that some peers
 they had higher charge jobs, and that may explain a little bit of the difference.
 But even on the players where the chart drop was not as high, we kind of saw a more fleckish
 NPL behavior
 because of the special accounting, because of the
 program release.
 So what
 of the deterioration descriptor for you.
 And my second question is regarding the Special Accounting Criteria.
 When we look to those numbers, the balance of NPLs, they are much higher than the ones,
 the old accounting versus the currency
 the special accounting.
 And I would like to understand the difference here.
 if you, like,
 A very negative outlook would be to see, you know, like those numbers materializing as losses.
 So if you can explain for me the differences on the special accounting versus the old accounting
 and if the balance of anything out there may become losses, I would appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Yuri.
 In terms of the NPL ratio, this quarter, what drove the slight deterioration was basically
 credit cards that went up from 4.14% to 4.82%, and SMEs, basically going from 2.61% to 3.37%.
 as we
 discussed during the
 during the call.
 you know, the
 The vast majority of our loan portfolio did not enroll in the support programs.
 So what we're seeing, you know, this slight deterioration has to do more with what's happening
 with the portfolio, the clients that did not enroll in the program.
 And it's not a significant deterioration in our view given, you know, what's going on in the economy.
 It's just, you know, slight deterioration.
 Now, on your second question, could you elaborate on that?
 You know, I don't know exactly what you're comparing, you know, the special accounting criteria to the other accounting criteria.
 So, the previous accounting before the CNBD regulation for COVID, you have like a table
 on your release comparing the special accounting criteria versus the former, I think like B6
 accounting criteria.
 And when we look to the balance of non-performing loans,
 I believe the balance you have today is something around like 18 billion pairs,
 19 billion pesos, that implies
 the 2.5% in tail ratio, but if you look to the older accounting criteria, the
 the B6 accounting, I think the balance of NPLs, they are closer to 40, 44 billion pesos.
 So, the NPL ratio, they would be much higher.
 I understand that maybe a lot of loans
 that will not really become an EPL, they are there.
 But my concern is that as soon as this accounting criteria goes back to normal,
 if we could see, you know, like
 a higher need
 of provisions
 working on NPLs, so that's
 why I ask the difference
 and if it makes sense
 so not to expect some worsening on that.
 No, I think that, you know, it's fairly dependent on the level of or the type of assumptions that we make,
 because the existing accounting criteria is very stringent in terms of, let's say,
 bad tools
 and percentage of how much the client has paid back.
 So I think that it's, in my opinion, it's somehow an extreme comparison, okay?
 So it has to do with, you know, with the...
 special accounting criteria
 You basically allow clients not to pay, you know,
 or every client that is not paying their interest in capital stays current, you know.
 And under the old or the prevailing accounting criteria, you know, you have to take into
 account just the, you know, when you're 90 days past due, and depending on if you are,
 you know, let's say, a corporate client, you know, depending on how much you have already
 payback, whether you're 20%
 or more or how
 you know, the time that has elapsed, you know, it's very, I would say,
 the critical
 I would say that the assumptions are critical
 And I think that probably what is important is to understand that in the following two
 quarters, we'll get to know the hard data.
 You know, we, you know, rather than, you know, comparing those numbers with big assumptions,
 I think that
 as
 one of clients
 to start paying back or not, we'll get to know, you know, how, you know, the magnitude
 of the impact, okay, rather than
 just making, you know, some
 assumptions that could
 materialize or not
 As mentioned during the call, I think that we have made a good assessment in terms of the risk that each client has,
 the relationship that we have with them
 And we have also asked them, you know,
 you know, how they're doing and whether they have the capacity to pay back.
 so taking all that into account
 That's how we've come up with these provisions associated with expected losses that we assume.
 So I would encourage you, Yuri, just to wait a couple of quarters, and with the hard data,
 you know, just analyze, you know, if we, you know, on one hand,
 the benefit of these temporary
 measures that the Banking Commission provided.
 and on the other hand
 you know, the true impact that it has had in our asset quality.
 No, no, super clear. Thank you very much.
 We will take the next question.
 And it comes from Nicola Riva from Bank of America.
 Yeah, thank you very much for taking my question.
 I have only one question.
 And I apologize if you already mentioned it.
 so you mentioned
 that 19% of the
 loan portfolio
 has been
 subject to some kind of set-release measures, payment holidays, even grace periods.
 Have these measures ended or ready for any client?
 And if so, if you can tell us what's the percentage of these clients that have resumed statements already since it's been already about four months since the full outbreak of the pandemic.
 And this has not been the case.
 The payment holiday hasn't ended for any significant amount of clients.
 If you can tell us, when you make this big provision charge of the 3.9 billion pesos in this quarter,
 um
 you
 Do you incorporate any assumption in terms of what would be the percentage of these 19%
 of these clients under the Deer Relief Program that will pay you back once the payment holiday
 end. Thank you.
 You know, first the payment holidays, payment holiday period ends tomorrow.
 So we'll start, you know, seeing whether clients pay back or not, you know, starting next week.
 So we don't have that information yet.
 Now, regarding, you know, how we made provisions for this quarter, you know,
 And as mentioned throughout the call, we classify the clients depending on the risk that they have,
 the exposure that they have with us, the relationship that they have with us.
 So we classified the, you know, retail clients in 25 clusters and SMEs in 11 clusters.
 So depending on the level of cluster that each client falls in,
 You know, there's either a high-risk or high-exposure category, you know, for clients,
 and we assume certain probability of those choasters either paying back their loans or not.
 Okay, so that's how we came up with the provision that we made this quarter.
 So, yes, there's – but it depends.
 You know, there are 36 responses in terms of, you know, whether we expect a high number or low number of clients to pay back their loans.
 it's because of these
 analysis that we've done
 that we feel
 relatively confident
 that with the information that we have, what we have provided is a good provision for asset
 quality deterioration for the rest of the year.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question comes from Olavo Artuso from UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Okay, thank you very much for taking my question.
 It is just one.
 And I just wanted to understand the dynamic of the credit relief program held by the bank
 and the high call on NPL is to 2.5%.
 According to my calculation, the first loans reached at almost 15% of total loans, if I'm not wrong.
 are roughly a similar level
 to the other banks
 but different from other players
 and even considering the Brazilian and the Chilean subsidiaries,
 They have also fostered their credit relief program.
 NPLs decreased in the second queue.
 you mentioned that
 this deterioration
 from the SME and the credit card segment.
 so I just wanted to understand
 if this hike in NPLs
 behaved worse than expected
 by the bank considering
 the amount of loans that were
 postpone it. And what
 What does the bank see for this semester in terms of fostering the credit relief program
 in case of regulators, extend the schedule and change the rules for it.
 So thank you very much.
 No, I think that, you know, first of all, you know, the NPLs, the increase that we see
 in the second quarter
 associated with those clients
 that do not enter into the relief program, okay?
 So it has to do with that 81% of clients that decided not to enter into the program.
 And obviously, those clients are also exposed to the deterioration of the economic activity.
 You know, Hector mentioned, you know, the losses that, you know, the employee losses that we've seen.
 So it's
 they have to do more with that, okay?
 let's say with the clients
 that do not enroll in the program, okay?
 whether we were expecting
 you know
 that type of iteration
 you know, I think that
 If someone tells you that they were envisioning this type of economic deterioration, I think that they're lying.
 You know, I think that we were not expecting this type of contraction, you know, the magnitude
 that we are seeing.
 You know, if you look at how every single analyst updates its forecast for the Mexican economy,
 every week you get to see
 the downward adjustments.
 So I think that it does not surprise us.
 you know, we mentioned that
 But given this deterioration of economic activity, we think it's just a slight deterioration.
 Okay?
 but as mentioned
 We will get to see the final impact or the final numbers probably in the next two to three quarters.
 You know, it's not only, you know, what happens the rest of the year.
 I think that
 the impact of the pandemic
 at least for Mexico
 has the possibility of, you know, going further than just 2020.
 any.
 So, we'll get to see that.
 I think it's quite early to have a definitive view on complete impact on asset quality.
 Okay, okay.
 Thank you very much
 The last question comes from Dika Zawoosh from BPG Pactual.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, everyone. My questions were already answered. Thank you very much.
 There are no further questions in the queue.
 I'd now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Hector Chavez for any closing remarks.
 Thank you, Operator.
 And thanks, everyone, once again for joining Santander Mexico on this call.
 As always, we wish to maintain an open dialogue with all of you in the financial community.
 so if you have additional
 additional questions, please don't hesitate
 to call or email us directly.
 Until our next call, please stay safe.
 Good afternoon.
 This concludes today's teleconference.
 You may disconnect your lines at this time.
 Thank you again for your participation.