 Good day, everyone, and welcome to Mexico's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
 Today's call is being recorded.
 the speaker's remarks there will be a question and answer session and I'd like to turn the
 conference over to Mr. Héctor Chavez, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations.
 Make some opening remarks and introduce today's other speakers.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 And welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call.
 I appreciate everyone's participation today.
 And by now, everyone should have access to our earning press release and the presentation
 for today's call, both of which were distributed before the market opened today, and can be
 found in our investor relations website.
 Thank you for presenting.
 And then on our call today will be at the beginning,
 Executive President and CEO, Lidia Jimena, our CSO, Rodrigo Brand, Executive General
 of Directive Public Affairs.
 We will review our second quarter results as well as provide an update on how we are
 operating under the health and safety protocols that are designed to help mitigate the risks
 related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
 then we will be happy to answer your questions
 during the Q&A session.
 Before we begin, our formal remarks
 allow me to remind you that certain statements
 named during the course of this discussion,
 it constitute forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations
 and beliefs, and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, including COVID-19,
 that could cause actual results to materially differ,
 including taxes that could be beyond the company control.
 For an explanation of this risk, please refer to our filings with the AGC and the Mexicans.exchange.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Hector. Good morning, everyone, and good afternoon to those in Europe.
 Thank you for joining our earnings call today.
 make hope you and your families are healthy and safe.
 between this cost plus quarter.
 integrating the effects of the pandemic on the health and the well-being of our employees
 and customers has remained our utmost priority.
 Before giving you an update on the measures,
 we implemented in this regard, let me begin a review
 about providing context.
 This past quarter has been quite challenging,
 as we started seeing the impact of the pandemic
 on the Mexican economy, on our business,
 and of course on our results.
 Despite the impact, let me assure you that our bank remains strong and focused.
 First, our capital and liquidity levels are solid and well above the minimum of the
 Second, we have a clear study, which we are executing to support our customers and minimize
 the impact on the pandemic, on the finances, and third, we expect to emerge from this difficult
 environment as a stronger institution.
 volumes close to the second quarter with high single digit year-on-year growth while we
 experience and a very shift in our portfolio mix towards lower yielding segments.
 and SME loans started to contract in line with market trends while the commercial and mortgage
 loans
 were received and continue to register expansions.
 The target measures implemented by Banco de Mexico and the CNVP allow us to maintain
 in ample levels of liquidity and capital, enabling us to offer our customers support
 mechanisms to temporarily alleviate the cash flow and the financial stress caused by your
 economic fallout of the pandemic, although asset quality
 deteriorated slimy in the quarter.
 We make preemptive loan provisions of 3.9 billion pesos,
 in addition to the normal quarterly provisions.
 in preparation for our future losses.
 We would revise this amount in the future as more information becomes available on the
 performance of our lone portfolio doing the common quarters.
 As we normally do, we will provide another view of our business environment.
 So let me emphasize again our conviction that Santa Muerte, Mexico, is very well positioned
 against the current and still growing economy impact
 of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 In slide four, we present select economic indicators.
 So I show the magnitude of the impact in the pandemic.
 having economic activity and employment.
 As you might recall, 2020 GDP growth expectations for the Mexican economy were modest prior
 to the pandemic, mainly due to weak private investment prospects.
 With that, we have made indicators showing a contraction of more than 20% year-on-year
 in economic activity and 37% on year-on-year and drop in fixed investment market consensus
 expectations have been revised down to a right 9% annual decrease in GDP during 2020.
 In the traditional context, this would be an economic contraction, not seen in many decades.
 This significant fall in economic activity resulted in the loss of more than $1 million
 formal jobs during the second quarter.
 According to Social Security data,
 What has meaning as 20 million?
 jobs lost, taking into account informal employment.
 During the past two severe economic crises, back in 95 and 2009, it took seven quarters
 for the Mexican economy to recover its previous level
 economic activity.
 However, in the current one, we consider it is unlikely that the economy could recover
 within a similar period of time.
 even the debt and magnitude of the global economic shock and the absence of any meaningful
 fiscal problem to address the severe construction in its employment.
 external demand grounding or egregally and without any mechanism to alleviate households
 income loss. An open economy like Mexico faces a slow path to recover price to previous
 activity levels.
 2021 world's prospects being forecasted at only plus 3%.
 it could take three to four years to recover 2019 levels of activity.
 Under these conditions, inflation pressures should remain low.
 We expect 3.5 percent of the population to be affected by inflation.
 for 2026, for 2020.
 allowing Banco de Mexico to cut interest rates a little further.
 We expect another hundred basis points of cuts through the year,
 year, which would take the reference rate to around 4% a year in.
 In summary, this scenario of low growth and low interest rates represents a challenging
 outlook for Mexico's commercial and consumer environments and for our business.
 If you turn to slide five, you will notice that despite the severed shock to economic
 activity and employment, the system's loans and deposit volumes
 to show a significant year over year expansion of 8% and 14% respectively.
 This is mainly explained by large and medium-sized companies
 and government entities that have drawn all the credit lines
 to maintain the liquidity of their balance sheets in order to continue operating during
 the months of which the stay at home guidelines have been in effect.
 On the other hand, consumer loans.
 showed a relevant contraction, reflecting the initial impact of the pandemic on consumer
 behavior and probably the real nation practices being maintained by financial institutions.
 It is worth noting that system-wide demand deposits remain strong.
 up 18% year-on-year, likely reflecting high-tenant needs
 for liquidity among households and companies
 or still at home guidance remain in effect.
 Please turn to slide six, or we would like to give you an update on the bank operations during the past few months.
 I'll help and business continuity protocols remain in place, such as suspending non-essential
 trouble.
 limiting the number of people at gatherings and group events,
 and enhanced sanitization measures are branches,
 aquapoint offices, ATMs, and contact centers.
 That's all for today.
 corporate employees continue working from home, while only essential personnel are working
 No site.
 Approximately 80% of the bank branches are open and 92% of our ATM locations are functioning
 normally.
 The tank digital channels and contact centers have also been operating normally.
 digital monetary transactions increased 64 percent year on year, while the digital sales
 represented 44% of total sales.
 plus as much as they did last year as we continue promoting customers use of digital channels,
 which continues to drive adoption levels.
 Further, more active resources have been challenged
 in implementing additional remote operating tools
 with cybersecurity in a priority.
 During this critical time, we have been supporting our customers
 through a vector relief program, offering deferred payments
 for individuals and SMEs, and case by case,
 with every structure into our corporate customers.
 I will elaborate on this program in a moment.
 as part of our commitment to our communities.
 We have made numerous donations and supported the initiatives that aid the medical community
 and vulnerable populations.
 We also are going to need an app to make sure that we have the right app.
 city government, which allows the population to self-diagnose based on symptoms, locate
 We made the facilities with little capacity near them and obtained information on the
 pandemic.
 On slide seven, you will find a snapshot of our debt support program that I mentioned before.
 Currently, 19% of our total loan portfolio is under the Payment Holiday Program for Individual
 MSMEs with more than 600,000 customers benefiting from it.
 Through this program, we are helping customers
 who have encountered liquidity problems
 by permitting them to a steep, long payment,
 both interest and principal,
 for four months without any penalty or cost.
 because of this feature under the program,
 it is difficult to assess at this time the extent of the pandemic's impact on our asset
 quality.
 However, we have been proactive in addressing that equality over the past few months.
 by contacting our customers to better understand the financial situation and by analyzing their
 to pay. More than 55% of our branch network personnel is focused on recoveries, calling
 customers directly. Likewise, the collections and commercial and rich departments segmented
 the portfolio by level of concern.
 identifying risk and exposure according to cost of mortality.
 through this more granular process.
 We are dis-marketing each type of client within 36 different clusters.
 We have also been analyzing our customer behavior patterns using our CRM capabilities and know
 that more of 95% of our payable customers continue to receive their salaries.
 For those payroll customers who are not longer receiving their salary,
 we are collecting for unemployment insurance.
 With current information, we estimate that close to 40%
 of our customers should be able to continue honoring fully
 the condition of their loans.
 in it, since it is still unclear if the rest will be able to remain current, we are offering
 to offer lower structure to many of them in order to speed up the recovery process.
 not be until the third and fourth quarters of this year that we will have sufficient
 and hard data on the behavior of the portfolio.
 with regard to our commercial book.
 We are taking a case-by-case approach to manage our exposure.
 as we did during the past critical periods.
 we have remained very close to our customers.
 and are helping them navigate this current
 challenging environment.
 For those companies that face difficulties,
 We have been offering multiple alternatives
 to support them.
 Our current portfolio of commercial structure loans is close to 50 billion pesos and accounts
 for 16% of our lung portfolio with medium and large size
 companies.
 In addition to actively managing our portfolio, know that 76% of our payment holiday portfolio
 is associated with the mortgages and enemies which both have guarantees.
 Within our total e-book, 67% of the portfolio is backed up by warranties issued by Nafinza
 one of Mexico's development banks, which allows us to share the risk with them, specifically
 for those systems that are in the referral program,
 25% of them have warranties.
 Certainly more.
 Payables and auto loans, 9% of the third portfolio, are semi-secured given the collateral represented
 by each customer salary and car.
 Please turn to slide eight, but I would like to share with you some of the key characteristics
 of our mortgage portfolio,
 which is giving us relative comfort.
 do to its defensive nature.
 our organic mortgage portfolio accounts for 86%
 of all our mortgages.
 The system portfolio has a loan-to-value ratio of 44 percent, while the region has an LTV
 of 70%, providing very good warranty coverage.
 The MPL ratio of this portfolio is 3.6 percent
 and has been quite stable for some time.
 For the past two years, our Hipoteca Plus Mortgage has allowed us to attract higher income customers which are more defensive in the current environment.
 the span of this point, our average ticket has been increasing since our launch.
 Since we launched a problem, then it's currently not only the highest among our peers,
 will serve 37% higher than the average ticket of our peers.
 In addition, Ipoteka plus customers are loyal as they also have their payroll and their credit cards with us.
 having a low loan to value ratios as well as being the main bank of our customer lowers
 the probability of nonpayment.
 And this type of costumers tends to prioritize the home voltages in economic standards.
 All in all, conceding the level of warranties, we have the structure for our portfolio and
 to the next video.
 we are taking, we consider we are on the right path to mitigate the negative impact of the pandemic
 on the quality of a long portfolio.
 On slide nine, let me comment on origination dynamics
 and the mix we have seen during the past few months.
 Commercial loans continue to support total loan growth.
 Therefore, their contribution within local loan origination
 increased from 78 percent in the second quarter of 19 to 82 percent in the second quarter
 in 2020.
 Behind this, commercial loans now represent 64% of our total loans.
 changing me.
 has had an impact on our NII, as we will explain later in the call.
 In terms of our region dynamics, we have seen encouraging trends during the quarter that
 I work noting here.
 in the mortgage and commercial segments.
 June's loan origination registers relevant sequential improvements compared to May, surpassing
 January's 2020 level. In consumer loans, June loan origination remains 25% below the first
 square in 20 monthly average.
 However, it expanded 33% above the 2020 minimum,
 which lasts April.
 As you can see, it looks like that our capital and liquidity
 the positions are very strong.
 At the end of June, our common equity tier one CQ1 ratio stood at 11.6 percent, 58 basis
 points above March and was significantly in excess of the 8.2% minimum requirement established
 for the bank's outside.
 The decision taken during April's shareholders meeting to postpone the dividend payment for
 for 2019 has allowed us to further strengthen our capital position.
 in terms of liquidity.
 Second quarter in 2020 liquidity coverage ratio reached 211 percent.
 well above the Banco de México regulatory requirement and supported by the senior notes
 we issued back in April.
 Before turning the call over to Lydia, I would like to finish my remarks by reiterating that
 that we have been actively shifting and deciding to further strengthen our bank in order to
 to mitigate the impact of the current crisis
 on our operations.
 in addition to implementing proper protocols
 and measures to protect our employees and customers.
 We have continued serving clients with high standards of customer service through our
 branches and digital channels.
 Again, we are confident that our bank is well positioned to support the customers as they
 recover from this unprecedented crisis.
 Now, let me pass the call over to Divya.
 will review the part that's most important to end some metrics.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Hector.
 everybody please turn to slide 11 for an overview of our recent loan performance total loans expanded
 87% year-in-year, but contracted 3% sequentially, given a strong corporate loan demand at the
 the end of the first day quarter.
 Low-margin segments are growing twice as fast
 as high-margin segments, where SMEs and credit cards
 contracted 9% and 6% year-in-year respectively.
 due to the economy's weak performance.
 By contrast, mortgage loans increased a solid 9% year-in-year and expanded 13% when excluding
 the runoff effect of GE and ING portfolio, which was well above market growth.
 High margin segments have reduced their contribution
 to net interest income by almost 100 basis points.
 which are loans from the slide 12 show a slowdown growing
 4% on a year-on-year basis, mainly supported by mortgages.
 As mentioned previously, mortgages have proved to be a defensive segment within the Mexican
 market during the past periods of economic instability.
 With this in mind, we decided to lower even more the rate of our Hippoteca Plus product
 to 7.75% targeting loyal customers.
 As of June, close to 60% of our mortgage origination was
 coming from Ipoteka Plus, which allows us to increase cross-selling of other products.
 In July, we launched a new product,
 a new mortgage product called Ipoteka Free,
 which is the first commission-free mortgage product in Mexico.
 The unique characteristics of this product are the customers do not have to pay an application
 fee, monthly commission, or a home appraisal, nor are life and unemployment insurance required,
 leaving only notary fees to be paid by the customer when
 and occurring this product.
 As you can see, even during these challenging times,
 We haven't stopped innovating.
 There continues to be a time we're trending credit card loans
 as we take a more conservative approach toward this segment.
 In addition to managing the customer's credit limits,
 Credit card usage declining 30% year over year,
 to in the quarter, as many clients stayed at home.
 This trope had a negative impact on balances, of course.
 after usage rates reach a very low level in April.
 They recover in May and June, although remaining slightly below first quarter levels.
 Growth in our consumer loans has been concentrated in payroll loans growing 2.5% year-on-year
 and steal up up the market per CMBB data at the end of May.
 Personal loans continue to contract consistent with our strategy to focus on more defensive
 segments of the market as sector noted.
 Finally, our auto loan production in June, more than double compared to previous quarters
 average boosted by a new commercial alliance with Mazda.
 Turning to slide 13,
 growth in our base of loyal digital customers continues to demonstrate an important progress.
 with year-on-year increases of almost 17% and 31% respectively,
 despite the challenging business environment.
 Loyalty penetration, that is loyal to active customers, stands at 35 percent, 400 points
 It's higher than a year ago.
 We have seen continuous growth in the use for digital channels, as customers have stayed
 home during the pandemic.
 This quarter, product sales via digital channels accounted for 44% of the total, almost doubling
 year ago levels.
 Digita monetary transactions also spiked, reaching almost one-third of the total, while
 The mobile transactions represented 93% of total digital transactions versus 80% of total
 in 2019.
 Mobile customers also kept growing at a solid 38% year-on-year rate reaching 4.3 million
 at the end of the quarter.
 As you can see on the slide 14, commercial loans,
 Really, 9% year in year.
 but decrease, eventually, some corporates
 start preparing some lines withdrawn in the first quarter of this year.
 and middle market segments continue to register double-digit year-on-year expansion, although
 their sequential evolution showed lower and stable volumes, respectively.
 The semi-loans register affords sequential quarterly contraction
 as this segment showed a weakening trend even for the pandemic.
 Outstanding loans are similar to the ones we had in the fourth quarter of 2017, 10 quarters ago.
 The downward 20 is also related to our lower risk appetite for lending in the SME segment,
 given that more than 2,000 people in the U.S. have already paid their bills in the U.S.
 50% of forex in my loan book,
 during the payment holiday, deferral program,
 and those customers cannot use their credit lines
 while in the program.
 load origination in this segment will remain low until we have more visibility on the performance
 of the economy.
 Moving on to total deposits on slide 15, this increased 10% year-on-year while quarter-on-quarter
 we saw a 3% contraction.
 During the quarter, there was a shift between demand and time deposits favored by lower interest rates.
 As of the second quarter of this year, demand deposits represented 64% of total deposits
 and we're up 11% year-in-year.
 Deposit growth from individuals stands out at 23% year-on-year, supported by your promotion
 campaign to attract these types of deposits.
 After an atypical first quarter of this year, the post from individuals continue to grow
 faster than corporate deposits in line with our strategy to further increase our exposure
 to return the posits.
 The tail deposit now represents 33% of total deposit,
 almost 400 basis points higher than its contribution
 in the first quarter of 2018.
 Turning to slide 16, we have a very strong capital and liquidity positions, a sector
 We maintain a sound funding position with a net loss to the postage ratio of 91.8%, one
 of the strongest levels since becoming a listed company.
 Our liquidity coverage ratio increased 89 percentage points relative to the first quarter
 of this year, and now stands at 211 percent, well about the regulatory threshold of 100 percent.
 We also remain very comfortable with our debt profiles with manageable debt maturities.
 Regarding capitalization, our ratio increased 46 basis points sequentially to 16.7% reflecting
 the postponement of the different payments as recommended by the Banking Commission?
 Our core tier 1 ratio was up 58 basis points to 11.6% and our tier 1 ratio stood at 13.03%.
 As you can see on slide 17, net interest income decreased 4 percent year-on-year and 6 percent
 quarter-on-quarter.
 As a result, net interest margin contracted 128 basis points,
 to 4.5% for the quarter.
 Our margin decline was a result of lower interest rates and lower balances.
 within the high yielding segments coupled
 with higher average assets as a consequence of a significant increase in our securities
 portfolio.
 Without this last effect, our NIM would have contracted only 54 basis points.
 A sector explained earlier, we're expecting net interest income to continue contracting
 during the remainder of the year.
 to anticipated decreases in interest rates, combined with a change in our portfolio mix
 Where growth will likely come from low-gilding segments and with a likely contraction in
 high-gilding segments.
 However, this downward pressure will be partially mitigated by our expanded investment securities
 portfolio.
 Please move on to slide 18.
 net commissions and fees decreased 2.1% year-on-year affected by the double digit decline in credit
 credit card transactions. Credit card usage decreased 42% in April, 34% in May, and 14%
 in June on a year-on-year basis.
 Insurance fees register only a slight contraction given renewals of several groups insurance
 policies which partially compensated for software insurance demand.
 represents almost 30% of our total fees and has proven to be a defensive segment, even
 considering the pandemic.
 With health and life insurance growing,
 while return insurance is a slightly decreasing.
 Our investment banking team has been very active, mainly in financial advisory services,
 which translated into strong fee growth of 31%
 in this line of our business, which partially compensated for weaker results in other areas
 mainly credit card fees.
 Turning to slide 19.
 loss of private income grew 9% year-on-year, driven by a solid performance in market related
 which was significantly above our historical average levels of between 600 to 800 million pesos per quarter.
 Declining interest rates, the effects market volatility, especially during April and May,
 important market making income.
 In addition, we saw the investment in securities in order to further strengthen our liquidity
 position.
 non-recurring gains that boosted this quarter's result.
 All this contributed for market-laid income that
 accounted for 13.8% of growth-operated revenues.
 3.5 times higher than the historical average of 4%.
 Moving on to provisions on slide 20.
 In light of the deterioration of Mexico's economic environment and in anticipation of
 of a possible deterioration of our loan portfolio.
 vote due to the pandemic.
 In June, we registered a special charge of low-loss provisions
 On top of those, normally require the 3.9 billion pesos charge raised total provisions
 to 8.35 billion pesos in the quarter, up 88% year-on-year, and 62% sequentially.
 We have made this estimate of preemptive provisions with the information currently at hand.
 However, this amount could be revised in the future
 as more information becomes available.
 Cost of risk for the quarter is 2.9 percent, a 44 basis point year-in-year increase, and
 at 49 basis point sequen-
 Our total MPL ratio showed a slight 28 basis points year over year increase to 2.5% mainly
 due to the SME segment, together with our mortgage and credit card portfolios.
 As explained earlier, these ratios only reflect the performance of 81% of our total portfolio
 that does not fall under the Payment Holiday Program.
 We consider this ratio encouraging as its evolution is quite benign
 when considering the significant deterioration in economic activity and employment.
 However, it would not be until the third and fourth quarter of this year that the deptors
 program will end.
 It will be at that time when MPL ratios will reflect the real magnitude of the economic
 impact of the pandemic.
 Now please turn to a slide 21.
 Administrative and promotional expenses increase 1.2 percent year-on-year, reflecting the
 F...
 ...
 to control personal costs, mainly research for viable compensation,
 and amortization expenses related to the strategic and IT investments that we made over the past
 three years.
 As we will continue investing in the digitalization of the bank and in technology upgrades, we're
 targeting greater operating efficiencies in the common quarters, such as the ability to
 to reduce the number of business trips, variable compensation,
 as well as limiting base seller increases among other improvements.
 Less business travel and salary caps already led to a sequential 1.9% decrease in our total
 expenses during the second quarter of this year.
 Such expense controls combined with strong operating income and the conclusion of our
 a three-year investment plan contributed to a 358 basis point improvement in our efficiency
 ratio, which decreased to 40.7%. On a six-month basis, the ratio improved 227 basis points
 year-on-year to 42.3%.
 turning to profitability on a slide 22.
 You will note that our earnings were mainly impacted by special low-nose provisions that
 as we discussed earlier.
 for taxes was down 24% year-on-year for the quarter and 11% for the first half of the
 year.
 net income decreased 25% year-on-year to 4.2 billion pesos, while our effective tax
 rate increased 38 basis points year-on-year to 25.3 percent.
 This resulted in an 11.5% decrease in net income for the first six months of 2020, which
 which was $9.6 billion pesos.
 Charon on equity was 11.9%.
 543 basis points below the year-ago level, and down 362 basis points sequentially.
 Year-to-date ROE contracted 328 basis points to 13.5%.
 Let me now turn the call back to Hector Grisi for some final remarks.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, sir.
 It's turn to slide 23.
 Let me share with you some final thoughts on what lies ahead.
 given the unprecedented nature of this health crisis
 and those certain things surrounding its duration at magnitude.
 We anticipate only a very gradual recovery of the economy, which has obvious implications
 with regard to our operating environment.
 We respect our loan portfolio.
 will likely be driven by commercial loans, mainly medium and large corporates,
 as well as mortgages.
 The consumer will recover very gradually, and this will depend on the speed of the event
 turn around in employment, economic activity as well as business and consumer confidence.
 Although visibility,
 asset quality is limited due to the parent holiday program, which have been talking and
 taking rapid and decisive action in order to mitigate the impact of the pandemic on the
 loan book.
 A recovery plan, which includes a very detailed and
 and in deep analysis of each customer situation
 It's allowing us to preemptively and swiftly prepare the bank
 complicated quarters ahead.
 In particular, we have allocated a large number of core
 employees and branches involved in carrying out recovery strategy.
 We will continue focusing on enhancing customer loyalty and on cross-selling non-credit products
 to support a non-interesting call.
 We also remain committed to making additional investments
 in the bank transformation, mainly in IT and the utilization,
 but we will continue to look for efficiencies in other lines.
 with strict cost control in order to support the bottom line.
 And finally, rest assured that our banks is operating from a position of strength with
 robust capital and high liquidity levels that will allow us to overcome this complicated
 but what we believe are temporary sitcom centers.
 We are now ready to take your questions, please, operator.
 Let's go ahead.
 Thank you.
 If you would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star one on your telephone
 keypad. If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is
 turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Again, press star one to ask a question.
 Please ask one question and a follow-up.
 If you have further questions, please re-enter the queue.
 We'll pause for just a moment to allow everyone
 an opportunity to signal for questions.
 Thank you.
 Our first question is from the line of Hassan Malim from Scotiabank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you very much.
 My question is on the operating outlook.
 The disclosure is excellent.
 as always, and I like the way you presented it.
 On slide 19, we can look at the main drivers for the operating income and clearly, as you
 talked about market-related revenue was very strong, well above historical levels, about
 14% of the total operating income compared to, let's say, 3% or 4% in the past.
 These are different times.
 But how should we think about efficiency going forward?
 going for.
 without cost control.
 We saw that.
 If you can just give us a general sense, you mentioned there are certain costs you can control and you are controlling.
 Can you talk a little bit about the physical infrastructure, is there an opportunity to
 rationalized physical branch network after the investments you made.
 What should we be looking for in terms of efficiency going forward?
 The dynamic is...
 ...
 is quite skewed from all of these moving parts.
 very high trading and the low revenues giving what's going on.
 Thank you.
 Look, I mean.
 I just.
 I mean, if you take a look at our numbers, basically, we have decreased the operation
 cost of the bank quite significantly.
 I mean, first of all, I mean, not traveling and not doing many things basically have reduced
 Naturally, because we have also been very strict in new projects and new situations.
 I mean, we are basically focusing all our expenses in IT to support the backbone and
 to be ready for what's coming.
 So in that sense, that's going to be our priority.
 second week, we are taking a look and we're doing a deep dive in terms of all our infrastructure
 And we're not going to take, I mean,
 rock decisions in terms of closing down a big number of branches or anything like that,
 I think we're going to be rationally looking at each of the micro markets that we have
 divided the country into and we will decide with the evolution of the economy what should
 happened there.
 So, but we're going to be very strict.
 You have seen the growth of the post four or five years in terms of branches.
 We actually have decreased the number of total branches.
 We have just...
 We have been very intelligent in the way we have managed that.
 What we have done is upgraded the current
 and the most important branches, which we are going to basically be taking a little bit
 more time than the time that we were thinking of upgrading all the branches are not up to
 So this is actually what we're doing.
 We're going to basically rationalize all the spending and do it on where the most important
 The other thing is that it's basically the IT platform and the utilization of the bank.
 So in that sense, we're going to be very concentrated on that.
 We also believe that, I mean, given that we have been able to operate at the bank under
 these income taxes, we have a huge amount of people basically working from home.
 You basically get to understand exactly how much people do you need, what can you rationalize
 So what you're going to see from most is that we're going to be very responsible in the
 where we manage that and concentrate on those points.
 who are working currently in that plan,
 We are working on our three-year plan and we're basically including all these in order to do so.
 Maybe there's a follow-up.
 Just some comments on what you've seen throughout your peers
 your peers into something they're grouped in the region
 or elsewhere?
 Are there other things you think
 that could be applied to Mexico, that could help,
 perhaps on the side of the banking system,
 perhaps in terms of operationally or IT or any factors at all.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 What we're doing basically is, for example, I mean, in terms of developing digital platforms,
 But we're doing it, we're doing it now, instead of each country basically developing the platforms,
 doing it together. So that basically is going to help out quite a lot. So it's not making
 For example, right now in Mexico, we're developing the new super app,
 And the new super app is going to be used in all the other countries, for example, the
 on boarding for SMEs, we are using the one that is being developed in Europe.
 So all those type of things are going to help us out,
 basically in reducing our cost for the digital infrastructure that we're developing and we're
 working together much more within the group in order to do that, so you're going to see
 that I mean the cost of basically developing things and it's going to come down to the
 the fact that we're doing it together with the rest of our NG Cervantes, so...
 Great.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Jorge Gludi from
 Margan Stanley please go ahead
 Hi, good morning everyone
 I wanted to ask about net interest margin.
 you point it out that you expect further complications
 complications in the next couple of quarters given falling rates and quick loan demand
 and make deterioration.
 As you look at 2021, in the context of what you said on not a strong economic recovery
 next year, and with average rates next year being much lower than 2020, if you see the
 rates at about 4%.
 What is the expectation for net increase margin next year and for NII?
 Is it possible that we're likely to see another year of NII compression, and to what extent
 that could be offset elsewhere in the PML.
 My second question is on...
 on the coverage ratio, and I know the facts.
 Thank you very much.
 normally don't target a coberturation, I get it.
 But evidently, the size of your reserves have a relationship to the size of your rumble,
 of your MPLs and the size of the amount of loads that are on their restructuring.
 And so when I look at your COPEX ratio of 138%, it looks low relative to where panoramic
 that are up at 201% and Vancouver here at 185%.
 So I wonder, you know, why not just, you know,
 you know, take a much bigger charge on provisions, this worker, you know, evidently there is
 There's a lot of uncertainty ahead and the more the better.
 And so, is this piecemeal just going to potentially put more pressure on your earnings going forward
 rather just, you know, take a really big one soup and, you know, raise your coverage to
 north of 200 percent. And that likely means some people doing the third order. Thank you.
 Look, okay, I will have to come this sector.
 I will answer the first part and then I will have to be there to complete all the basic
 numbers up in the IEI, okay?
 I mean, first of all, I mean, if you saw the presentation, we are basically changing the mix of the credit loan portfolio, okay?
 First of all, I mean, if you have seen, I mean, we have decreased quite a lot our exposure,
 Unfortunately, it was a means given the lack of warranties from the government, from Nafisa.
 So the portfolio has dropped almost 10%.
 So in that sense, that basically is a high portfolio, which is going to continue to shrink
 unless we see some guarantees from the government.
 And if you see our portfolio, which is quite important,
 We have, like, 62% of it already warranted by the FISA.
 Okay, the course is on the course.
 It basically goes to answer your second part of the question in terms of the amount of research that we have done.
 Then, you see that also we see that, for example, consumer credit and consumer loans are going
 decrease as well. So the mix is completely changing and we're going, I mean, we're going
 Basically, back to where we were five years ago,
 much more exposure to corporates and to medium-sized companies than to consumer loans.
 remember that we have the different things, okay?
 That's why NII is shrinking.
 On the other side, what we also been doing is we are pricing and we are very strict on
 in pricing risk, okay?
 So we've been increasing the margin on the corporate loans quite significantly due to
 that fact that we are basically looking at the risk that we are taking and we are looking
 very closely at the weightings of those companies, and we are pricing this accordingly.
 Okay?
 This is not a situation which we want to expand the portal for the great portal for you to expand it.
 We are basically doing it
 just to the companies that we believe have a future and they will be there in the next
 years and both were pricing the risk accordingly. So in that sense, you're going to see us going
 towards that. Also, the other concentration is mortgages, which we believe, I mean, there
 is a sector still of growth. I mean, as you know, there is a lack of or a big deficit
 in terms of homes in Mexico.
 So we believe there is still a part of the population
 that kind of for the mortage, mortage penetration mix
 quite low versus arrest, and also low penetration is quite low, so we believe there is a chance
 to continue to penetrate that sector, and maybe on payrolls
 on some situations, we will basically be also lending
 in that part. I mean, I'm out of loans also.
 We have seen some interesting development there.
 with very cautious approach to it.
 So in that sense, the mix of the purple is going to change
 and probably they can let you know exactly
 how do we see an AI aborting?
 In terms of what you were asking, in terms of reserves,
 We actually been doing reserves accordingly to what we believe we are doing in terms of
 of how the portfolio is behaving at this point.
 What I can tell you is that the portfolio,
 not on payments holidays.
 is behaving much, much better than we believed
 that he was gonna, that he was gonna turn.
 Actually, I'm quite surprised about it.
 Hopefully, it continues that way.
 But in that sense, we are basically being, in my opinion,
 being very responsible in the amount of reserve
 that we are making at this point.
 Also, we have done a tremendous job with the data
 that we have in reviewing the portfolio on holidays.
 And that portfolio is being divided, as we said, in 36 clusters.
 Okay, these clusters have been divided upon the amount of risk that we have on each particular
 situation.
 And in some of these portfolios, even before the payment holiday ends, we are already talking
 to clients and discussing the way that we could get paid on those particular situations
 because what we believe is that whoever gets paid first is the one again,
 There's the one that is going to get paid.
 So we are basically being very aggressive on that sense.
 to talk to our clients and basically trying to get them to recover the portfolio as you
 We have seen 55% of our branches have been turned into collecting branches.
 to basically this, we're dedicating our executives to collect.
 We have divided them up on them in the sectors that we believe are the ones that are the
 ones that are going to be much more important or that are going to be hit the most in the
 economy.
 So in that
 Since I really were very well prepared, although, I mean,
 I mean, or nevertheless, it's always, I mean,
 a lot of uncertainty in what's happening
 And we didn't want to go overboard.
 if it's the right approach, is the one that we have made,
 But we will continue to see over the next few months' evolution.
 but I can tell you that we're gonna be very conservative
 in the work we managed out.
 Okay.
 Yeah, I don't know if you want to complete.
 Absolutely, I would like to compliment on what you mentioned.
 Great talking to you, Jorge, a long time no speak.
 In terms of names, you know, definitely, you know,
 as we laid out in the presentation, we see significant pressures.
 and let me just give you some background information
 that I think it's quite relevant.
 The speed at which interest rates have come down in Mexico is significant.
 You know, just in this quarter, the average of the reference rate came down 123 basis points.
 That's the fastest decline that we've seen in the recent history.
 we didn't saw an increase of that magnitude when interest rates were coming up, okay?
 So that's one thing to have in mind, that the impact in NIMM that you see in this quarter,
 I think it's probably the most severe that we're going to see on a relative basis, relative
 to the first quarter of this year and relative
 to the second quarter of last year.
 Also, bear in mind that when interest rates were close to 4% as we probably agree with
 you that that's where we're headed, you know, our NIM was close to 5%, you know, and these
 This was, you know, the second and third quarter of 2016.
 I think that, you know, the number that we reported, the 448% in this quarter, you know,
 has to do with what I was referring to,
 you know, the speed at which interest rates came down, okay?
 And also, on top of that, you have the change in mix
 in mix on our loan size and also the fact that in order to protect net interest income
 from interest rates coming down.
 We increased our investment securities portfolio significantly, you know.
 And those are lower margin assets relative to the loan portfolio.
 to share with you.
 We've bought, you know, these taking into account, you know, both divestments and maturities,
 The overall growth in our investment and securities portfolio is 96 billion pesos over the last
 12 months.
 What we expect coming down the road, you know,
 for the rest of 2020 and, you know, next year.
 I think that, you know, having said that there's still a lot of uncertainty, you know,
 You know, I think that probably the most severe numbers in terms of NIMP are the ones that
 we saw this quarter, you know, there's probably, you know,
 10 to 15 basis points probably for the adjustment or slight improvement for the rest of the
 of the gear.
 Okay, and next year I think that we'll probably get to see names similar or slightly above
 to the ones that we were seeing in this quarter, okay?
 Now, regarding the coverage ratio, you're totally right in the sense that we don't target
 that coverage ratio.
 That's a resultant number.
 And also, you know, when you make reference to, you know,
 Our number, 138%, looks low relative to Van Norten.
 in the first quarter of this year, they had 140%.
 In the second quarter, they did, as we did also, you know,
 increase the provisions.
 But different to us, you know, they did a significant charge
 4.6 billion pesos. So that's why, you know, their coverage rate increased to 200 percent.
 I'm probably just elaborating more on what Tector mentioned.
 You know, the level of provisions that we have are in line with the expected losses that we estimate.
 You know, you might have a, you know, or you might question, you know, whether we, you know,
 This is enough or not, you know?
 And let me share with you that, you know,
 Under current circumstances, we have definitely done different types of sensitivity analysis
 for scenario analysis, okay?
 So, if there is a big type recovery in the Mexican economy, you know, we have with these
 this quarter's provisions.
 You're, you know, more than covered, you know, for the rest of the year.
 Now, do we think that there's going to be a V-type recovery in the Mexican economy?
 I don't think so.
 You know, it's very, you know, low probability.
 Now, we have assessed, you know, the level of provisions according to other type of scenarios.
 You know, a more U-type or an adverse scenario,
 having a GDP contraction of 12.5%, you know, and under those circumstances, the squatters
 Those provisions are not enough for the entire year.
 there could be close to 60 to 75% depending on the magnitude
 of the GDP contraction that you assume, okay?
 So, there should be direct correlation between expected losses and provisions and the provisions
 that we are putting forward.
 we think that with information that we have are, you know, quite strong to cover, you know,
 expected losses. If the economy ends up contracting more than we are expecting right now, definitely
 we will need to provide additional provisions.
 something that I encourage you to look at
 if you haven't done so yet, you know, the central bank,
 Banjico released in the financial stability report published a few weeks ago.
 analysis regarding NPLs for the entire system and what they did is look at information from
 and the entire banking system for the last 20 years.
 And they pay, you know, using an econometric model,
 They estimated, you know, what are the critical variables that determine LPLs, and they break
 down the loan portfolio in consumer loans, in mortgage loans, and corporates.
 And once they determine, you know, this econometric model, then they provide it, you know, a shock
 with the variables that we're seeing lately.
 and they estimated how much MPL ratios would iterate
 for the entire banking system.
 For consumer loans, that would imply a 32% increase, for mortgages, 19%, and for corporates, also 32%.
 So, when you do that math and you break it down, you know, by the type of loans, by type
 You get to see, you know, this is obviously a ballpark estimate because, obviously, every
 single bank has different practices in, you know,
 regeneration practices and recoveries and so on.
 But you can get a sense of the magnitude in terms of, you know,
 using this model, you know, how much you would expect that each bank would provision, okay?
 Thank you.
 around the area for the detailed responses.
 We will take the next question. It comes from the line of Ernesto Gabilondo from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, Hector. I am Javier. Thanks for the opportunity.
 My first question is a follow-up on the preventive provisions of 3.9 billion pesos.
 So do you think this level of provisions will be enough for the rest of the year, or are
 Are you going to evaluate to create more depending on the behavior of payments after the relief
 problem. And then my second question is a difficult one because we would like to
 know if you have exposure to adiomexico on the Chapter 11 or to Alcea that has
 restructure loans with the banks for about a year, but I understand if you cannot disclose
 your exposure, so maybe if you can remind us how much of your loan book is exposed to
 airlines and how much to food and beverage and there is a sector that is concerning you.
 And finally, my last question is on competition in mortgage loans.
 We have seen different banks reducing the interest rates of mortgages in light of the lower rates.
 So, how has been your strategy to attract more judge clients and how competitive is your
 interest rate.
 Thank you.
 Thank you Alain Ston.
 Let me start and then we complement.
 First of all, on the follow-up on provisions, like I haven't spoken many times to my CRO,
 And he basically tells me that when I ask you,
 and asking the same question that you're asking me at this point, and he basically says, look,
 I don't have my crystal ball.
 and it's quite impossible, I mean, not impossible but it's going to be difficult to assess what we're doing.
 What I can tell you is that we're doing our best job in basically reviewing the portfolio.
 Yeah, we do that every single day.
 We reviewed the behavior a bit and we're basically trying to be as conservative as we can in
 to manage it.
 So, we see that the portfolio that continues to deteriorate on this much more complicated
 We're going to find out.
 I mean, the payment shock comes in the first week of August.
 We're preparing for next week, actually,
 when the first loans have went into the pending holiday.
 start to mature and we will see how the performance of the portfolio is, and then we'll take
 I mean, you're going to see our numbers right at, I mean,
 And we're going to take the provisions as soon as they come if needed, okay?
 And our second point in out of Mexico, yes, and the third, yes, we do have exposure to
 them, nothing that we cannot control or nothing too big for the size of the bank, I mean our
 total exposure to airlines is not big compared to the total size of the portfolio, I would
 I would say probably be one of the percentage much better,
 It's not very significant versus the size of the bank,
 And we have done some provisions already on some of the exposure we have to Iro-Mexico.
 Okay, so we can tell you that in the provisions that we made, some of them are made for the
 to Mexico's culture, which is not relevant.
 In terms of Alcea, yes, we do have a spoil shoot to them.
 also not significant, and we are basically in the restructuring process as of now, and
 we see that the company can recover fairly.
 I mean, I don't see that I'd say I was going to be a particular situation for them, but
 I don't have it in front of me, and we can get back to you on that, on that, that rest.
 In terms of the competition on more touch loans,
 It's quite important what we do.
 We have an important differentiation in terms of how we do mortgages versus our competition.
 If you take a look at what the Ipoteka Plus is, it's a completely different product that
 nobody has replicated it in the Mexican market.
 I mean, some of the other banks lately have tried to do a little bit of what we do in
 Ipoteka Plus. Ipoteka Plus is the best rate available in the market, but in order to get
 rate based available in the market, which is 7.75% for a 15-year mortgage.
 You have to basically turn earth into your most important bank, to your number one bank.
 But in order to be able to get that rate, you basically have to have different products
 that basically, you have to have your payroll,
 You have to direct, David, your utilities with us.
 You have to have your insurance.
 So there is something that you have to do in order to be able to access the rate.
 In that regard, what happens is, even if the loan is at 7.75, and we're also very
 in the loan to value that we do in that loan.
 That's why, precisely, I was explaining in the presentation, that that's why our ticket
 Her mortgage is 37% larger than the rest.
 So we go directly to the wealthy people, okay?
 the people that are in the best situation right now.
 So we believe that our portfolio is more resilient
 in these particular situations.
 and also that we get the best client
 because those are the ones that basically can achieve this rate
 and can achieve this, and have this character, you see,
 to access these type of problems.
 So that's why the portfolio we believe is going to behave well
 and he's going to be managed or he's going to behave in a nice way due to that fact, okay?
 So, and we have seen the way the portfolio has performed and we see that the performance is
 according to our expectations, given the very complicated
 circumstances.
 Okay, so in that regard, I mean, there is competition.
 I mean, there are some banks.
 I mean, a couple of banks have tried to come in and basically compete with us, had to head
 in these type of situations, but they have not been able to have the same type of product
 that we set to the market.
 Then we came out with another problem, the hypotheca-free.
 The Poteca Free basically has a particularity that has everything included in the rate.
 You don't have any fees, any commissions.
 You don't have to pay for any ancillary cost or anything like that.
 So that particular thing is for people that, I mean,
 that they believe that we have a lot of things on the table
 and they were not completely clear.
 This is completely transpired to the client.
 And that, in particular, is about 9%.
 that's the rate and that's for a different type of client.
 So we have a Chinese menu
 for every type of different client who would like to access what we do.
 for example, the data free goals to a different sector
 that is new to us, that is basically clients with a lower ticket.
 But there are some of these things that are very good and that have a very good quality
 and that's what we decided to compete in that.
 I don't know if this answers your question or not,
 Please be a compliment.
 Sure, Hector.
 Regarding your first question, Ernesto, you know, as I previously mentioned, you know,
 I think that it depends on the, you know, how severe is the GDP contraction this year,
 on how that impacts the capacity for clients to pay back their loans.
 We think that, as mentioned, if there's like a U-type recovery, and GDP contracting somewhere
 around 10 to 12 percent, then we have made with the provisions of this quarter, you know,
 more than half of what we'd require,
 And that could be, you know, 60% to 75% of what we require, you know, with information
 that we have right now, okay?
 So, but it's going to be dependent on how this evolves, you know,
 And obviously, we're closely monitoring how our clients are behaving, okay?
 Now, your second question regarding the exposure that we have to Iro-Mexico and ASEA, you obviously
 for confidentiality reasons, we cannot disclose those.
 but we can reassure you that these two exposures
 that we have are not within our top 10 exposures.
 As Eictor mentioned, we have already provisioned partially the exposure that we have with IELO
 Mexico, that's close to 45% of the disclosure that we have that is not that material, okay?
 And I don't have with me the breakdown in terms of food, the beverage, the breakdown that
 that we have, that I have right now, it's more the one that CNVB uses more for regulatory
 purposes and do not have that detail, but for sure we can follow up with that, Ernest.
 Now, this is super half electron here. Thank you very much
 We'll take the next question.
 It comes from Brian Flores from Citibank. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning. Thank you for the opportunity to ask questions.
 If you have any questions, you wanted to make a quick follow-up.
 You mentioned that based on your CRM capabilities,
 You saw a certain percentage of customers
 continue paying, what is the percentage?
 Sorry.
 Sorry, Brian.
 I think that's 40%.
 Right.
 Okay.
 40%.
 Thank you.
 for my question.
 You know, we've seen some deterioration in other quality across the board and you mentioned
 So that you, SMD portfolio has a large degree of guarantee by nothing.
 My question isn't great, guys.
 Could you add or anything in the collector of there?
 and the law didn't default for the segment,
 What are you expecting in terms of MPLs for these documents?
 Thank you.
 If you'd like, I can take that, Héctor.
 You know, credit cards, you know, do not have collateral.
 You know, so laws giving defaults in credit cards is close to 100 percent.
 you know, you basically do not recover that much, you know,
 in terms of credit cards.
 And, you know, we think that that's going to be one of the products most impacted, you
 And when you look at the different types of loans that clients have, we think that mortgages
 are the ones that you'll be,
 eh,
 You don't, you know, you continue paying.
 You know if there's any just one loan that you continue paying that that's mortgages and probably a credit cards are
 at the bottom of your priorities when you have trouble.
 You know, the MPLs that we see in credit cards, you know, have been increasing slightly,
 But I think it's, you know, relatively stable when you compare it, you know, historically,
 So we don't expect a significant deterioration, cost of risk with the provisions that we're
 taking is close to 11 percent.
 So, I don't know, Héctor, if you would like to...
 And perhaps you would like to further complement on this.
 Thank you, everybody.
 We'll see you in a bit.
 This is the operator. Mr. Travis's line has gone idle. I will try to reconnect them at this time.
 What do we like to take the next question?
 And sure
 The next question comes from Tito Lavarta from Goldman Sachs.
 Good morning. Thank you for the call and taking the questions.
 One question on the market-related income.
 I know you talked to me on the big spike in the quarter,
 Do you think that goes back to normal already in the third quarter, or do you think that
 could-
 elevated for some period of time.
 read of time.
 I know it's hard to predict, but if you give us some more color on how we should think about
 marked literally to take some points forward.
 And then if I can ask this one to follow up on the provisions,
 You know, I understand given this nary seed, you kind of feel comfortable with where you
 But if you look at the cost of risk before this quarter, it had been around 2.6, 2.7,
 barring any changes in the scenario that you see right now.
 Is that 2.6, 2.7?
 what we should expect sort of going forward as well.
 Again, barring any significant changes in the current scenario.
 Thank you. Thank you. I mean what I can tell you is
 Yes, we have had good running in terms of market-related income.
 I think the bank's position to do so, the important point is volatility, and if volatility
 continues to be the way it is, then you can expect that we can basically have good numbers
 I don't think we're going to have in the third quarter numbers as good as they were in this quarter.
 But, I mean, you don't want to depend on what happens in the next few days, in the next few months.
 In terms of the provisions and the cost of risk, did you want to comment on that?
 Absolutely.
 Thank you.
 I think that once you take out the un-destroying provisions that we did this quarter, I think
 that cost of risk should be slightly higher than the numbers
 that we were having over the last five quarters,
 but not to levels that we reported this quarter.
 or somewhere below the 300 basis points.
 that that would be my my my take and obviously as you mentioned you know with
 the information that we currently have, okay?
 Okay, thank you
 We'll take the next question.
 It comes from the line of Carlos Gomez from HSBC, please go ahead.
 I have a question about credit risk but not to your corporate but to the pressure of the financial system.
 We already saw one company that has been liquidated,
 has been put into liquidation by the National Banning Commission.
 This is becoming a very long crisis with 10 seconds of the economy being unable to operate,
 So eventually one would imagine that some situations might get into trouble.
 Thank you.
 making special precautions in regard to any factors of financial system and do you think
 we – you look –
 much trouble, or most often will be able to go through this.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Carlos. I mean, I mean, in all these particular situations and depend how
 long the crisis is going to take, I mean, it's probably going to take down some financial
 That's all for now.
 Thank you.
 Since we are, yes, we are being very cautious and reviewing and having conversations with
 them about what their position is and their situation.
 And we're going to basically continue to monitor that as the crisis continues to evolve.
 So in that sense, we are very close in that particular sector.
 We don't have, I mean, are we are not a big lender to the sector?
 I can tell you that if they're nothing there, as we hear what they're saying,
 the 10 most important claims.
 are not financial players, so in that sense we are not worried about the exposure that
 we have out to them, but we are very concerned taking a look and monitoring them all the
 time okay?
 Hopefully the crisis is shorter and nobody else goes on, but I mean, let's see what happens.
 In the particular sub-segments that you see in many special monitoring, market related
 or consumer-related, or payroll.
 I think macrofinance is a sector that we need to be very close monitoring.
 We don't have to, we don't have to,
 a lot of big structures to them, but that's a sector that
 it would be complicated, as always, in these type of situations, the people that suffer
 the most are the ones that are on the...
 I don't know.
 of the pyramid. So, unfortunately, that's the case and we are monitoring that what could
 Thank you so much.
 We'll take the next question.
 I'm from Alonso Garcia, from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
 and thank you for taking my question.
 My question is regarding liquidity.
 I mean, your degree in college ratio improved nicely in the quarter.
 In part, it was owed to the $1.8 billion that issuance in April, but also given a very
 from increase in funding with banks, this quarter.
 So could you please provide some color
 to the nature of this funding source and what would be your strategy for liquidity in the
 coming butters.
 Thank you very much.
 There are several factors regarding liquidity.
 I think that the most relevant is how we fund the, let's say, the loans to the positive
 ratio.
 And it was one of the strongest numbers that we have reported since we became a list of
 company close to 92 percent so that's that's in my opinion that's the most
 proposed and fundamental way of looking at it.
 Then, as you rightly mentioned, the debt issuance is, you know,
 contribute significantly to the increase of our liquidity coverage ratio.
 And we are monitoring, you know, any potential use of the committed lines of credit that
 We have with our clients that if you look at it, it's probably the one, let's say, risk
 that could materialize in the short term.
 We have ample of liquidity to honor every single committed line
 of credit that we have.
 But that's the one, the most relevant driver
 in terms of consumption of liquidity.
 the other types of, you know, events that could impact our liquidity, you know, are,
 you know, are more gradual, you know, and those could be, you know, a contraction in
 that we're not seeing that.
 And I think that the bank has managed quite proactively, you know,
 of liquidity to be prepared for, you know,
 any potential, you know, really worst case scenario for the down-dead road.
 Thank you.
 Regarding the line of
 the line of, in your balance sheet, the line of bank and other loans, which increased 81%
 Do you think this line will remain close to those levels?
 do you think you could substitute this source of funding with probably other debt issuance
 coming quarters, that's your study there.
 You know, we monitor constantly the different type of funding sources and depending on the specific,
 you know, tenure, cost, you know, we end up, you know, withdrawing or taking advantage
 of the different from the sources.
 So, you know, I would say that not only that particular line item, but every single line
 item is reviewed, you know, and under current market circumstances, we, you know, it's our
 obligation to look at better ways of, you know, not only funding the bank, but, you know,
 keeping the structures in place so that the bank, you know, can continue supporting, you
 long growth. So that's something that we continue to monitor and also so yes you
 You know, it could be that we keep it at those levels or that we reduce it if there's an
 opportunity to find a more effective funding source.
 And there's this. Thank you very much.
 We'll take the next question. It comes from Yuri Fernandez from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
 Thank you, actually, Javier.
 I have a question regarding the increase on NPO ratio.
 It was a 35-bit squirt over a quarter.
 And I understood that some peers, they had higher chair jobs,
 And that may explain a little bit of the difference.
 But even on the players where the chair drop was not as high,
 we kind of saw a more flat-ish NETL behavior
 because of the special accounting,
 because of the program release.
 So what drove the iteration of this character for you?
 And my second question is regarding the special accounting criteria.
 When we look to those numbers, the balance of the NPLs,
 they are much higher than the ones,
 the other country versus the currently special accounting.
 And I would like to understand the difference here if you'd like a very negative outlook
 with B2C, you know, like those numbers, materialized in as losses.
 So if you can explain for me the differences
 on the special accounting versus the audio accounting,
 and if the balance of NPOs there need to come to losses,
 I would appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Yuri.
 In terms of the MPL ratio, you know, this quarter, what drove the slight deterioration
 was basically credit cards that went up from 4.14% to 4.82% and MSMEs basically going
 from 2.61% to 3.37%.
 As we discussed during the call, you know, the vast majority of our loan portfolio did
 not enrolled in the support programs.
 So what we're seeing, you know, this slight deterioration has to do more with what's happening
 with the portfolio of the clients that did not
 involved in the program. And it's not a significant iteration in our view given, you know, the,
 you know, what's going on in the economy is just, you know, slight deterioration, you know.
 Now, on your second question, could you elaborate on that?
 You know, I don't know exactly what you're comparing.
 you know the special account criteria to the other accounting criteria.
 So the previous accounting before the CNDD regulation for COVID, you have like a table
 on your release, comparing the special accounting criteria versus the former, I think, like
 B6 accounting criteria and when we look to the balance of more performance I believe the
 balance you have today something around like 18 billion phasers, 19 billion phasers.
 That implies the ...
 2.5% until racial, but if you look to the old accounting
 criteria, the B6 accounting, I think the balance of NPLs, they are closer to 40, 44 billion
 pesos.
 ratio, they would be much higher.
 I understand that maybe a lot of loans that will not really become NPL, they are there,
 But my concern is that as soon as this accounting criteria goes back to normal, if we could see
 you know, like a higher need of provisions working on NPOs.
 So that's why I ask the difference.
 And if it makes sense to expect some worsening on that.
 You know, I think that that, you know, it's fairly dependent on the level of, or the type
 of assumptions that we make because the existing accounting criteria is very stringent in
 terms of, let's say, bad dues and percentage of, you know, how much the client has paid
 back.
 So, I think that it's, in my opinion, it's somehow an extreme comparison, okay?
 So, it has to do with, you know, with the...
 a special accounting criteria.
 You basically...
 allow clients not to pay, you know,
 or every client that's not paying their interest in capital
 stays current, you know, and under the old or the prevailing accounting criteria, you
 You know, you have to take into account just the, you know,
 when your 90 days pass through and depending on if you are,
 Let's say a corporate client, you know, depending on how much you have already paid back, whether
 your 20% or more or how, you know, the time that has elapsed, you know, it, it, you know,
 It's very, I would say, decree colors.
 I would say that the assumptions are critical and I think that probably what is important
 is to understand that in the following two quarters
 We'll get to know the hard data.
 you know, we, you know, rather than, you know,
 comparing those numbers with the big assumptions.
 I think that as soon as clients start paying back or not, we get to know how, you know,
 magnitude of the impact rather than just making some assumptions that could materialize or
 or not, as mentioned during the call, I think that we have made a good assessment in terms
 of the risk that each client has, you know, the relationship that we have with them.
 And we have also asked them, you know,
 you know, how they're doing and whether they have the capacity to pay back.
 So taking all that into account,
 That's how we've come up with these provisions associated
 with the spectaclosses that we assume.
 So I would encourage you usually just to wait a couple of quarters and with the hard data,
 data, you know, just analyze, you know, if we, you know, on one hand, the benefit of
 these temporary measures that the Banking Commission provided, and on the other hand,
 you know, the true impact that it has had in our asset quality.
 No, no, super clear.
 Thank you very much.
 We will take the next question.
 And it comes from Nicolas Viva from Bank of America.
 Thank you very much for taking my question.
 I have only one question.
 I apologize if you already mentioned it.
 You mentioned that 19% of the loan portfolio has been subject to some kind of debt release
 measures, payment holidays, even break periods.
 Have these measures ended already for any client?
 And if so, if you can tell us what's the percentage of these clients that have resumed statements
 already since it's been already about four months since the full outbreak of the pandemic.
 And it just has not been the case.
 the payment quality hasn't ended for any significant amount of clients.
 You can tell when you make this provision charge
 of the 3.9 billion pesos in this quarter.
 Did you incorporate any assumption in terms
 of what would be the percentage of these 19% of these clients
 under the Releaf program that will pay you back once the payment holiday ends.
 Thank you.
 You know, first the payment holidays, payment holiday period ends tomorrow.
 So we'll start, you know, seeing whether clients pay back or not, you know, starting next week.
 So we don't have that information yet, no?
 Now, regarding, you know, how we made provisions for this quarter, you know, and as mentioned,
 throughout the code.
 We classified the clients depending on the risk that they have, the exposure that they
 have with us, the relationship that they have with us.
 So we classified the retail clients in 25 clusters and SMEs in 11 clusters.
 So, depending on the level of cluster that each client falls in, you know, there's either
 a high risk or high exposure, a category for clients, and we assume certain probability
 of...
 of those clusters, either paying back their loans or not, okay?
 So that's how we came up with the provision
 that we made this water.
 So yes, there's, but it depends, you know, there are 36 responses in terms of, you know,
 whether they respect a high number or low number of clients
 to pay back the loans, you know, it's because of the analysis that we've done that we feel
 relatively confident that with the information that we have,
 What we have provided is a good provision for asset quality,
 for the rest of the year.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 The next question comes from Olavo Artuso from UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Okay, thank you very much for taking my question. It is just one. I just wanted to understand
 the dynamic of the credit relief program held by the bank, and the high call on NPLs to 2.5%.
 According to my calculation, the first laws reach at almost 15% of total laws if I'm not
 wrong.
 are roughly a similar level to the other banks, but different from other players and even
 considered in the Brazilian, the Chilean, subsidiaries, they have also fostered their
 per leaf problem, NPLs decrease in the second Q.
 you mentioned that this deterioration is coming
 from the SME and the credit card segment.
 So I just wanted to understand if this hiking in NPLs
 behaved worse than expected by the bank, considering the amount of loans that were
 And what does the bank cease for this semester in terms of fostering the credit release program
 program in case of regulators extend, schedule, and change the rules for it.
 Thank you very much.
 No, I think that, you know, the, first of all, you know, the MPLs that increase that
 we see in the second quarter associated with those clients that do not enter into the relief
 for a program, okay?
 So it has to do with that 81% of clients that decided not to enter into the program.
 And, obviously, those clients are also exposed to the deterioration of the economic activity.
 You know, the actor mentioned, you know, the losses that, you know, the employee losses
 that we've seen.
 So it has to do more with that, okay?
 with the clients that do not enroll in the program.
 whether we were expecting, you know, that type of iteration, you know, I think that
 If someone tells you that they were envisioning this type of economic deterioration, I think
 that they're lying, you know, I think that we were not expecting this type of contraction,
 You know, the magnitude that we're seeing, you know,
 If you look at how every single analyst updates its forecast for the Mexican economy, every
 week you get to see the downward adjustments so so I think that it do
 not surprise us. You know, we mentioned that given this deterioration of economic activity
 we think is just a slight deterioration.
 Okay, but as mentioned, we will get to see the final impact
 or the final numbers probably in the next two or three quarters.
 You know, it's not only, you know, what happens the rest of the year.
 I think that the impact of the pandemic, at least for Mexico, has a possibility of going
 further than just 2020. So, we'll get to see that. Okay, I think it's quite early to have
 a definitive view on a complete impact on asset quality.
 Okay, okay. Thank you very much.
 The last question comes from Dika Zawoosh from BTG.
 Factual, please go ahead.
 Hi, everyone.
 My questions were already answered.
 Thank you very much.
 There are no further questions in the queue and I'd like to turn the floor back over to
 Mr. Hector Chavez for any closing remarks.
 you operator.
 And thanks, everyone, once again for joining us
 and their medical disco.
 As always, we wish to maintain an open dialogue
 with all of you in the financial community.
 So if you have additional questions,
 please don't hesitate to call or email us directly.
 Until our next call, please stay safe.
 Good afternoon.
 This concludes today's teleconference.
 you may disconnect your lines at this time.
 Thank you again for your participation.