 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Aldera's Therapeutic
 second quarter 2020 financial results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen
 only mode. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. To
 ask a question during the session, you will need to press star one on your
 telephone. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Please be advised
 that today's conference is being recorded.
 If you require further assistance, please press star zero.
 I would now like to introduce the company's chief financial officer, Mr. Josh Reedy.
 Mr. Joshua Riedi, thank you. You may begin.
 Thank you and good morning everyone on the call with me or dr. Todd Brady Aldera's president and chief executive officer and
 and David McMullen, our chief commercial officer.
 Dr. Brady, we'll begin with an overview of our recent highlights and upcoming clinical
 I will discuss our second quarter financial results, and then we'll take your questions.
 Please note that this morning's conference call contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of Aldera
 Forward-looking statements include statements regarding the timing of planned clinical trial
 initiations out there as possible or assumed future results of operations
 and financial position.
 business strategies and plans, research development and commercial plans or
 expectations, trends, market-sizing, competitive positions, industry environment, and potential
 growth opportunities, among other things.
 These statements are based upon the information
 available to the company today. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, clinical site availability,
 staffing and patient recruitment have been negatively affected and the timelines to complete
 our clinical trials may be delayed.
 I'll dare to send no obligation to update these statements as circumstances change.
 future events and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the company's
 forward-looking statements, including the current and potential future impact of the
 COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial position.
 additional information concerning factors
 that could cause results to differ materially
 from our forward-looking statements are described in greater detail in the company's press
 for lease issues this morning containing financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2020
 and the company's violence with the FCC.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dr. Todd Brady, our President and Chief Executive
 officer. Thank you, Joshua. And good morning, everyone. As our industry and
 health care first responders continue working together to defeat the worst public health
 crisis in a century. Our thoughts are with those affected by COVID-19. The seemingly
 a relentless spread of the novel coronavirus has made 2020 a tragic and surreal year, but
 We remain hopeful and confident in the abilities of our
 industry to develop the therapies necessary to
 extinguish this virulent disease.
 I again want to especially thank our team
 for their work and dedication to our mission,
 Developing first-in-class medicines to approve the lives of patients with immunological diseases whose conditions are not being adequately treated by the current
 standard of care
 From our perspective the key pipeline development to the second quarter was our type C meeting with the FDA
 which charted the remaining clinical pathway to an NDA submission for topical oculoraproxalap in dry eye disease.
 The meeting culminated in an agreement
 to use levels of reactive aldehyde species
 or RASP, the therapeutic target for reproxylap.
 as an objective sign-in point for subsequent clinical evaluation.
 In the fourth quarter of this year, we plan to initiate clinical testing to assess the
 activity at top collocular, a proxy lap, in reducing tear levels of rasp, and other
 objective signs of dry eye disease, and we expect preliminary results by the end of the
 year. The timing of the clinical trial is, of course, subject to finalization of trial
 design, rasp assay development and potential disruptions due to COVID-19.
 Initiation of a safety study in dry disease patients is also planned for the fourth quarter.
 and NDA submission is expected by the end of 2021.
 Our optimism for the use of RASP as an objective sign of dry disease is supported by data from our successful Phase 2A trial in which reproxilab treatment diminished levels of RASP and TIRS as measured by ELISA following 28 days of treatment.
 For the upcoming RASP trials, the longest duration of dosing under consideration is also 28 days,
 whereas the shortest dosing duration is one to two days.
 Additionally, the upcoming RAS trials will include a chamber assessment to measure the
 the effect of acute changes in dryness on rasp, and other signs and symptoms of dry
 disease. We'll be sharing additional details of the protocol following
 RASP assay validation and FDA requirement, and look forward to providing trial designs
 shortly.
 From a safety perspective, top collocular reproxel app already has been evaluated in
 and more than 1,000 patients with no observed safety concerns.
 In short, the safety, consistency,
 and clinically significant activity of her proxylap.
 across numerous clinical trials.
 Suggest that reprox lap could be an important addition
 to the limited number of therapeutic options
 for dry eye disease, which affects more than 30 million patients in the United States.
 Looking at other ocular programs in our pipeline, top line results from the phase three and
 Vigorate allergen chamber trial of a prox lap
 and allergic conjunctivitis are expected
 the first half of 2021. In the retinal disease area in the second quarter of this year, the
 The European Commission granted orphan medicinal product designation to ADX 2191 for the treatment
 retinal detachment, opening a new market opportunity for ADX 2191 and the European Union as drugs
 receiving the orphan medicinal product designation are eligible to protocol
 assistance, research funding, and, upon approval, 10 years of EU market exclusivity.
 ADX 2191, our novel and proprietary intraventural methotrexate injection, is being evaluated
 in the phase three guard trial for proliferative vitreoretinopathy.
 PBR is a rare but site-threatening condition, and the leading cause of failure of retinal
 of attachment surgery, affecting roughly 4,000 patients
 per year in the United States, and nearly twice as many
 in Europe and Japan combined.
 given the nature of PVR and given the clinical site delays
 caused by COVID-19, the progress of guard has been slow.
 although we expect to provide you with an update by the end of this year.
 As many of you know, there is no approved therapy for PVR, and ADX 2191 has received orphan
 drug and fast-track designations from the FDA.
 ADX-2191 is also the subject of our new clinical program in primary vitreoretinal lymphoma
 for PVRL, a rare, aggressive, high-grade cancer
 that affects approximately 2,900 people in the United States
 with about six hundred new cases diagnosed annually.
 There are no approved treatments for the disease,
 although the standard of care is pharmacy compounded method
 that has been injected into the eye.
 recently filed for Orphan drug designation for ADX 2191 in PBRL.
 Turning to our systemic disease program,
 We are very excited about ADX 20, ADX 629,
 which, to our knowledge, is the first systemically available
 RASP inhibitor, a clinical testing of which represents the first time systemic RASP inhibition
 has been assessed clinically,
 marking an exciting new milestone in the development
 of this novel mechanism of action.
 An IND has been filed with the FDA
 for phase two clinical testing of ADX-629,
 in patients with COVID-19 in order
 to prevent cytokine release syndrome and respiratory
 compromise. Clinical development is expected to begin this year. In an
 animal model of cytokine storm, ADX629 demonstrated a broad and highly
 statistically significant reduction in cytokine levels,
 including TNF-Alpha interferon gamma and IL-17,
 While upregulating the key anti-inflammatory cytokine,
 IL-10.
 The data suggests that RASP inhibitors have the potential to represent immunological switches,
 may modulate immune systems from pro-inflammatory states to anti-inflammatory states.
 In the fourth quarter of this year, we also expect to initiate clinical trials of ADX
 629 and psoriasis, an autoimmune disease, and atopic asthma, an allergic disease.
 In combination, trials in COVID-19, psoriasis and asthma cover the gamut of inflammation
 And the results of the trials will characterize the immune-modulating activity of ADX629 and
 rasp inhibition more generally.
 Switching to ADX-1612, our novel HSP-90 inhibitor,
 Enrollment has been completed in the investigator-sponsored Phase 2 Udario trial in ovarian cancer.
 Regarding the ADX-1612 COVID-19 program, consistent with FDA feedback,
 additional preclinical antiviral testing of ADX1612.
 Against SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19
 will be performed by the National Institute of Allergy
 and infectious diseases, which has accepted our request
 to evaluate ADX1612 and in vivo models.
 We plan to update on the ADX-16-12 COVID program by the end of 2020.
 We approached the midpoint of the third quarter in a strong financial position, enhancing
 our flexibility with recent common stock sales to two healthcare-focused funds,
 perceptive advisors and identity partners. These transactions raise growth
 proceeds of approximately $19.5 million completing our previously announced at-the-market offering
 program.
 We expect our cash runway to be sufficient
 the fun operations through 2022,
 including potential raproxilap approval in dry eye disease
 and allergic conjunctivitis.
 Now with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Josh for the financial review.
 Thanks, Todd. For the quarter-end of June 30, 2020, we reported a net loss of $7.5 million
 compared with a net loss of 13.3 million dollars
 for the quarter ended June 30, 2019.
 Net loss per share was 25 cents for the quarter ended June 30, 2020,
 compared with $0.49 for the same period in 2019.
 Losses have resulted from the cost of clinical trials and research and development programs
 as well as from general and administrative expenses.
 Research and development expenses were $4.9 million
 for the quarter end of June 30, 2020,
 compared with $10.7 million for the same period in 2019.
 the decrease of five point eight million dollars is primarily related to a
 reduction
 in clinical and preclinical development,
 manufacturing and personnel car
 General and administrative expenses were $2.2 million for the quarter end of June 30, 2020,
 compared with $3.1 million for the same period in 2019.
 The decrease of $900,000 is due to lower personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation
 and other miscellaneous administrative costs.
 in the second quarter of 2020.
 total operating expenses were $7.1 million
 compared with total operating expenses of $13.7 million
 for the same period in 2019.
 as of June 30, 2020.
 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $66.2 million.
 up the coin to June 30, 2020.
 $25.2 million in cash was received from at-the-market offering program sales to perceptive advisors
 and other investors.
 based on current operating plans, cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities as of June 30, 2020,
 plus the additional at the market offering program proceeds are expected to be sufficient
 to fund operations through the end of 2022,
 including potential NDA approvals for the proxel app
 and dry disease, and allergic conjunctivitis.
 assuming positive clinical trial results
 and planned NDA submissions,
 acceptance is an approval
 use of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities
 are also expected to include the continuation of part one of the phase three guard trial
 and PBR, and phase two clinical testing of ADX629, an orally administered RAS inhibitor
 and inflammatory diseases.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Todd for closing comments.
 Thanks, Josh. We have a number of milestones planned for the second half of 2020 and
 and look forward to executing on our clinical development strategy
 across our ocular and systemic programs.
 Looking at our IR calendar next week,
 will be presenting at the BTIG Virtual Biotechnology Conference.
 And,
 WED Bush Pack Row Virtual Health Care Conference.
 These events will be webcast.
 please check the events and presentation section
 of our website for details.
 We always look for
 I look forward to meeting with investors and hope to connect with you at these or other upcoming events.
 As always, we remain committed to executing efficiently in our strategic plan and bringing
 to market novel therapies that improve the lives of patients with serious unmet medical
 With that, Josh, Dave, and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?
 At this time if you would like to ask a question please press star then the number one on your
 a telephone keypad that is star one to ask a question.
 first question comes from the line of the week 10 with Cantor.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions here.
 So first question I have for you is,
 Could you get into more detail on the significant, the FDA's recognition of RAS as a sign for
 dry eye disease is and what that means for you in terms in terms of potential
 approval and market opportunity.
 And then the second question I had for you
 with on your COVID trials.
 How adaptive are those trials
 in light of the constantly evolving landscape
 the treatment of COVID and then house enrollment gone.
 And then my last question here is you
 noted that there's been some headwinds to clinical trial progression due to
 COVID. Can you give more color on which trials may be impacted here? Thank you.
 Good morning, Louise, and thanks for your excellent questions.
 The RAP development is a truly transformative for Aldera.
 RASP is the pharmaceutical target upon which the company was founded many years ago, to
 to our knowledge.
 no company has ever therapeutically addressed RAST.
 And yet, RASP represents a very broad-based anti-inflammatory approach
 that probably applies to many, many diseases,
 it's not only ocular diseases such as dry disease,
 but also systemic diseases.
 So for all those reasons, we were thrilled about the FDA's
 decision to classify rats as an objective sign of dry eye disease, which as you know
 is an inflammatory condition.
 What it means practically for the company is that the ongoing clinical trial, the clinical
 trials that are about to start regarding the assessment of RAS should be likely to work
 based on the fact that the mechanism of reproxylapin
 other RASP inhibitors is the direct inhibition of RASP.
 compounds bind covalently to wrap. So what we're really measuring is a chemical reaction
 in vivo and in this case in the a tear fluid of patients that have been
 administered raproxilab.
 In all that leads us to believe that we'll be in a position to file an NDA for dry disease
 next year as we have previously announced.
 Regarding the COVID trial design, we anticipate for both programs enrolling approximately 30 patients.
 I think they'll likely be a two-to-one randomization drug to placebo.
 At this point we have not included adaptive designs.
 I think the nature of the results of these first trials will help us determine subsequent
 clinical testing, which is obviously going to be much more significant if there are positive
 results from the preliminary outputs that we have here.
 Enrollment hasn't started.
 The IND has been filed for 629.
 And as I mentioned on the call today, 1612 is the subject of further in vivo investigation
 in COVID that is being performed by NIAID.
 and we're absolutely thrilled about NIAID's decision
 to test ADX1612 on our behalf.
 Um, the COVID impact, as you
 mentioned we across the industry has been significant the one trial in our
 case in our pipeline that has been affected by COVID-19 as the guard trial, the phase 3 guard
 trial for PVR.
 What seemed to have happened during the peak of COVID cases back in March, April, May and
 and so forth, was that many patients simply were not coming into the hospital.
 despite
 vision changes, despite losing sight, the number of patients coming in was diminished during
 that timeframe. And furthermore, many clinical sites, as you know, simply did not have research
 staff, which were considered for a while to be non-essential, such that it was difficult
 if not impossible in some cases to enroll patients.
 However, the good news is, regarding the rest of the pipeline, we do not seem to have been
 overtly affected by COVID in terms of enrollment.
 The dry eye program was largely under discussion with the FDA during the peak number of cases
 in the spring.
 The allergy program, the phase three allergy program,
 was on a planned hold because of pollen.
 As you know, you cannot enroll allergy programs
 with Andy and Pauline.
 and we expect the Invigorate program to re-initiate again
 in the fall.
 So we were quite fortunate in terms of timing
 with regard to our other clinical programs
 relative to the impact of COVID.
 Okay. Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star then the number one on your telephone keypad that is star one to ask a question.
 Your next question comes from the line of Justin Helm with Oppenheimer and Company.
 Hi, good morning, guys.
 Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the progress.
 I know it's early days, but, you know, as you think about it,
 establishing a proxy left action on RAST as a sign of dry eye.
 We've had some discussion with the masters on what would be an appropriate duration of
 of observation to assess this activity.
 Can you just talk a little bit about the rationale behind the acute versus four-week
 time points from a trial perspective, disease perspective, and labeling perspective.
 Good morning, Justin, and good to hear from you.
 As I highlighted in my comments this morning,
 the potential range of dosing duration for the rat's
 trials is anywhere from one to two days on the acute end to 28 days on the more chronic
 or sub-chronic end, which reflects the phase two A trial.
 That is the data in our corporate deck showing that after 28 days of administration of a proxy lab,
 There was a highly statistically significant reduction in raft levels as measured by Eliza.
 I want to spend a few seconds talking about the two different ways to measure RAS.
 Wraths exist in our body in two forms, so-called free-wraths,
 that are sort of floating around.
 and then rafts that are bound to proteins.
 The ELISA measures RAP-bound of proteins.
 And as you know, Elyse is an antibody-mediated detection
 assay. The reason why we're able to generate antibodies to bound RASP is that when RASP
 find the proteins they're antigen and form antibodies,
 in some cases, antibodies against self-protein.
 So the ELISA measures bound RAS, and bound RAS generally accumulates over time, which
 Which is why in the phase 2A study over 28 days we use the ELISA to assess RASP levels.
 On the other end of the spectrum, regarding one to two-day or acute dosing of reproxylab,
 We think that techniques such as LC and MAPS spec might be more relevant to assessing RAS
 because there we'd be looking at free-wrapped levels that would change acutely following dosing.
 So somewhere within those two ranges of dosing paradigms
 and those two different assay techniques we will end up validating the
 the precise technique and then establishing protocol design for the first of the RAS studies
 to begin shortly.
 OK, great, got it.
 And maybe then, you know, how do you think about dosing regimens to be investigated and
 Have you had conversations with the FDA on whether you'd have to do QID or BID just
 to appreciate that you would be tapering in sort of the disease state eventually.
 Right, and that gets back to the first part of your question, how might the clinical community perceive duration of dosing and dosing regimens?
 First of all, I think that signs of diseases, including dry eye disease, are primarily or
 first and foremost regulatory milestones.
 Do not believe, it's certainly in the case of dry eye disease, that either physicians
 or patients are particularly worried about signs.
 Patients do not wake up in the morning thinking,
 I wonder what my Schermer test is.
 I wonder what my corneal stain is, and so forth.
 Instead, we view signs, and I think most patients and physicians
 these kinds of regulatory milestones.
 So the dosing paradigm for trials associated purely
 with signs, I think, is a lot less important.
 in this case for one to two days,
 one to two-day dosing paradigm you're thinking of a limited number of doses
 for the 28-day dosing paradigm, I would expect we would dose QID,
 which is the first phase of our induction maintenance dosing paradigm, which was established with
 the release of the Phase III Renew Trial back in December.
 In terms of how physicians look at the dosing paradigm for reproxylap in general, in terms
 the treating patients.
 I think that the induction maintenance paradigm
 established with renew over 12 weeks, really sets the tone and more precisely the label
 for how the drug will be used.
 that is a QID dosing.
 initially followed by BID dosing for the maintenance phase.
 I think that's really helpful.
 maybe just a clarification question
 I know in the press week it says that there's going to be a dry NDA filing by the end of
 the next year, is the current thinking still to continue on with the concurrent filing?
 just, you know, I know later it says that AC is also going to be found. I'm just wondering
 if the expectation is that you would expect them to gather still.
 Our current thinking is that both will be filed together, pending positive clinical data of course.
 It turns out that the timelines for dry eye disease and allergic conjunctivitis continue to overlap.
 The safety studies, the efficacy studies, the timeline for filing the NDA, all of those
 seem to overlap for dry eye and the learning
 conjunctivitis at this point, would
 I suggest that a concurrent NDA is perhaps the best regulatory strategy, but of course
 We'll have to see how events play out over the latter part of this year
 in the early part of next year before we can guide specifically
 on the possibility of a concurrent NDA.
 We really do like that concurrent NDA paradigm, however,
 because of the overlap between dry eye disease
 and allergic conjunctivitis.
 It seems to be about a 50% overlap,
 such that about half of the patients with dry disease
 complain of ocular itching, and about half the patients with allergic conjunctivitis
 clenum trinus, and a single compound that could treat both diseases or is indicated for both
 diseases would be highly advantageous not only to physicians but also to patients as
 well.
 Right.
 I think that makes a lot of sense.
 um...
 but i think it's uh...
 On the safety study, is there an expectation for what the size and scope, you know, duration
 as well as a number of patients, you would anticipate for it.
 Right, for dry eye disease, my current understanding
 is that the FDA generally requires
 100 patients complete one year of dosing.
 However, based on other sponsors' interactions
 with the agency, we believe that we can file based on six months of safety data.
 So what happens is most sponsors will over-enroll, they'll begin with more than 100 patients,
 such that they have a hundred completers at 12 months.
 And to our knowledge, the safety trials are fairly standard in dry eye disease.
 I will say, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, that we've tested well over a thousand
 patients, we have seen no safety signals, no changes in intraocular pressure, no retinal findings,
 corneal findings or any other safety signals that would suggest that there
 has been an issue with raproxilab dosing in any patient that's received drugs so far.
 Great. Great. Thanks again and I'll hop back in the queue.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions at this time.
 We'll turn the call back over to Dr. Brady for closing remarks.
 Well, thank you all again for joining us today as always we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress
 Have a nice day. Thank you
 Thank you ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line