 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by,
 and welcome to the Aldera Therapeutic Second Quarter
 2020 Financial Results Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 to ask a question
 during the session, you will need to press
 star 1 on your telephone.
 If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key.
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 If you require further assistance, please press star zero.
 I would now like to introduce the company's Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Josh Reedy.
 Mr. Joshua Reedy, thank you.
 You may begin.
 thank you and good morning everyone
 On the call with me are Dr. Todd Brady, Aldera's President and Chief Executive Officer,
 and David McMullen, our Chief Commercial Officer.
 Dr. Brady will begin with an overview of our recent highlights and upcoming clinical milestones.
 I will discuss our second quarter financial results, and then we'll take your questions.
 Please note that this morning's conference call contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of Aldera.
 Forward-looking statements include statements regarding the timing of planned clinical trial
 Initiation.
 I'll dare as possible or assumed future results of operations, expenses, and financial position.
 business strategies and plans, research, development, and commercial plans or expectations,
 trends, market sizing, competitive position, industry environment, and potential growth
 opportunities, among other things.
 These statements are based upon the information available to the company today.
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, clinical site availability, staffing, and patient recruitment
 have been negatively affected
 and the timelines to complete our clinical trials may be delayed.
 Aldera assumes no obligation to update these statements as circumstances change.
 Future events and actual results could differ materially from those projected
 in the company's forward-looking statements, including the current and potential future
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business results of
 operations and financial position.
 additional information concerning factors that could cause results different
 materially from our forward-looking statements are described in greater detail and the company's
 press release issued this morning containing financial results for the quarter ended June
 30, 2020, and the company's filings with the SEC.
 And with that...
 I'll turn the call over to Dr. Todd Brady, our president and chief executive officer.
 Thank you, Joshua, and good morning, everyone.
 as our industry
 We and healthcare first responders continue working together to defeat the worst public
 health crisis in a century.
 Your thoughts are with those affected by COVID-19.
 seemingly relentless spread of the novel
 coronavirus has made 2020 a tragic and surreal year, but we remain hopeful and confident
 and the abilities of our industry to develop the therapies necessary
 to extinguish this virulent disease.
 I again want to especially thank our team for their work and dedication to our mission,
 developing first-in-class medicines to improve the lives of patients with immunological diseases
 whose conditions are not being adequately treated by the current standard of care.
 From our perspective, the key pipeline development of the second quarter was our Type C meeting
 with the FDA, which charted the remaining clinical pathway to an NDA submission for
 for topical ocular reproxylapse in dry eye disease.
 culminated in an agreement to use levels of reactive aldehyde species, or RASP, the therapeutic
 target for Reproxylab.
 as an objective sign-in point for subsequent clinical evaluation.
 In the fourth quarter of this year, we plan to initiate clinical testing to assess the
 activity of topical ocular afloxalap
 in reducing tear levels of RASP and other objective signs of dry eye disease,
 and we expect preliminary results by the end of the year.
 The timing of the clinical trial is, of course, subject to finalization of trial design, RASP
 assay development and potential disruptions due to COVID-19.
 Initiation of a safety study in dry eye disease patients is also planned for the fourth quarter.
 an NDA submission is expected by the end of 2021.
 Our optimism for the use of RASP as an objective sign of dry disease is supported by data from
 our successful Phase II A trial, in which Reproxylab treatment diminished levels of
 RASP and tiers
 as measured by ELISA following 28 days of treatment.
 For the upcoming RASP trials, the longest duration of dosing under consideration is
 is also 28 days, whereas the shortest dosing duration is 1 to 2 days.
 Additionally, the upcoming RASP trials will include a chamber assessment to measure the
 the effect of acute changes in dryness on RASP, and other signs and symptoms of dry eye disease.
 We'll be sharing additional details of the protocol following RASP assay validation and FDA requirement,
 and look forward to providing trial designs shortly.
 From a safety perspective, topical ocular reproxylab already has been evaluated in more than 1,000 patients with no observed safety concerns.
 In short, the safety, consistency, and clinically significant activity of her
 procurement process is going to be postponed.
 across numerous clinical trials.
 Suggest that Reproxilab could be an important addition to the limited number of therapeutic
 options for dry eye disease, which affects more than 30 million patients in the United
 States.
 Looking at other ocular programs in our pipeline, top-line results from the Phase III and Vigorate Allergen Chamber Trial of Reproxylap and Allergic Conjunctivitis are expected in the first half of 2021.
 In the retinal disease area, in the second quarter of this year, the European Commission
 granted orphan medicinal product designation, to ADX2191 for the treatment of retinal detachment,
 opening a new market opportunity for ADX2191
 in the European Union as drugs receiving the orphan medicinal product designation are eligible
 the protocol assistance, research funding, and upon approval, 10 years of EU market exclusivity.
 ADX-2191, our novel and proprietary intravitreal methotrexate injection,
 is being evaluated in the Phase III GUARD trial for proliferative vitreo-retinopathy.
 PVR is a rare but sight-threatening condition and a leading cause of failure of retinal
 detachment surgery, affecting roughly 4,000 patients per year in the United States, and
 nearly twice as many in Europe and Japan combined.
 Given the nature of PVR and given the clinical site delays caused by COVID-19, the progress
 of guard has been slow
 although we expect to provide you with an update by the end of this year.
 As many of you know, there is no approved therapy for PVR.
 and ADX-2191 has received orphan drug and fast-track designations from the FDA.
 ADX-2191 is also the subject of our new clinical program in primary vitreo-retinal lymphoma,
 lymphoma, or PVRL, a rare, aggressive, high-grade cancer that affects approximately 2,900 people
 in the United States, with about 600 new cases diagnosed annually.
 There are no approved treatments for the disease, although the standard of care is pharmacy
 compounded methotrexate
 that has been injected into the eye.
 We have recently filed for orphan drug designation for ADX2191 in PBRL.
 Turning to our systemic disease programs, we are very excited about ADX-629,
 which, to our knowledge, is the first systemically available RASP inhibitor.
 the clinical testing of which represents the first time systemic
 grasp inhibition has been assessed clinically, marking an exciting new milestone in the development
 of this novel mechanism of action.
 An IND has been filed with the FDA for Phase II clinical testing of ADX-629 in patients
 with COVID-19 in order to prevent cytokine release syndrome and respiratory compromise.
 clinical development is expected to begin this year.
 In an animal model, a cytokine storm, ADX629 demonstrated a broad and highly statistically
 the same.
 significant reduction in cytokine levels, including TNF-alpha interferon-gamma and IL-17,
 while upregulating the key anti-inflammatory cytokines, IL-10.
 The data suggests that rather than that,
 inhibitors have the potential to represent immunological switches which may
 They modulate immune systems from pro-inflammatory states to anti-inflammatory states.
 In the fourth quarter of this year, we also expect to initiate clinical trials of ADX629
 and psoriasis, an autoimmune
 disease, and atopic
 asthma, an allergic disease,
 In combination, trials in COVID-19, psoriasis, and asthma cover the gamut of inflammation,
 and the results of the trials will characterize the immune-modulating
 activity of ADX629 and RASP inhibition more generally.
 Switching to ADX1612, our novel HSP90 inhibitor.
 Enrollment has been completed in the investigator-sponsored Phase II UDARIO trial in ovarian cancer.
 regarding the ADX1612 COVID-19 program,
 Consistent with FDA feedback, additional preclinical antiviral testing of ADX1612
 against SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19,
 will be performed by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases,
 which has accepted our request to evaluate ADX1612 and in vivo models.
 We plan to update on the ADX 1612 COVID program by the end of 2020.
 We approached the midpoint of the third quarter
 in a strong financial position,
 Enhancing our flexibility with recent common stock sales to two healthcare-focused funds,
 Perceptive Advisors, and Avidity Partners.
 These transactions raised gross proceeds of approximately $19.5 million,
 completing our previously
 announced at-the-market offering program.
 We expect our cash runway to be sufficient to fund operations through 2022,
 including potential Reproxylab approvals in dry eye disease and allergic
 conjunctivitis.
 Now with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Josh for the financial review.
 Thanks, Todd.
 For the quarter end of June 30, 2020, we reported a net loss of $7.5 million
 dollars compared with a net loss of thirteen point three million dollars for
 the quarter ended June 30, 2019.
 That loss per share was $0.25 for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, compared with $0.49 for
 for the same period in 2019.
 have resulted from the cost of clinical trials and research and development programs as well
 as from general and administrative expenses.
 Research and development expenses were $4.9 million for the quarter end of June 30, 2020,
 compared with $10.7 million for the same period in 2019.
 increase of $5.8 million is primarily related to a reduction in
 and clinical and preclinical development, manufacturing, and personnel costs.
 and administrative expenses were $2.2 million for the quarter end of June 30, 2020 compared
 with $3.1 million for the same period in 2019.
 The decrease of $900,000 is due to lower personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation
 and other miscellaneous administrative costs.
 In the second quarter of 2020, total operating expenses were $7.1 million
 compared with total operating expenses of $13.7 million
 for the same period in 2019.
 As of June 30, 2020, CAC has been a long-term, long-term, long-term, long-term, long-term,
 cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $66.2 million, subsequent to June 30,
 2020, $25.2 million in cash was received from at the market offering program sales to Perceptive
 advisors.
 avidity partners and other investors based on current operating plans cash cash equivalents and
 and marketable securities as of June 30, 2020, plus the additional at-the-market offering
 programs.
 program proceeds are expected to be sufficient to fund operations through the end of 2022,
 Assuming potential NDA approvals for Reproxylab in dry disease and allergic conjunctivitis.
 assuming positive clinical trial results and planned NDA submissions, acceptances, and approvals.
 Use of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are also expected to include the
 continuation of Part I of the Phase III guard trial in PVR and Phase II clinical testing
 of ADX629, an orally administered RASP inhibitor in inflammatory diseases.
 I'll turn the call back to Todd for closing comments.
 Thanks, Josh.
 We have a number of milestones planned for the second half of 2020
 and look forward to executing on our clinical development strategy
 across our ocular and systemic programs.
 Looking at our IR calendar next week, we'll be presenting at the BTIG Virtual Biotechnology Conference.
 and
 WEDBUSH PACRO Virtual Healthcare Conference.
 These events will be webcast.
 Please check the events and presentation section of our website for details.
 We always look forward to meeting with investors
 and hope to connect with you at these or other upcoming events.
 As always, we remain committed to executing efficiently in our strategic plan
 and bringing to market novel therapies
 that improve the lives of patients
 with serious unmet medical needs.
 With that, Josh, Dave, and I will be happy to take your questions.
 Operator?
 At this time, if you would like to ask a question, please press star,
 then the number one on your telephone keypad.
 that is star 1 to ask a question.
 Well, first question comes from the line of Louise Penn with Cantor.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions here.
 So the first question I have for you is,
 Could you get into more detail on how significant the FDA's recognition of RASP
 as a sign for dry eye disease is and what that means for you
 in terms of potential approval and market opportunity.
 And then the second question I had for you was on your COVID trials.
 How adaptive are those trials in light of the constantly evolving landscape for the treatment of COVID?
 and then how's enrollment gone
 And then my last question here is,
 You noted that there's been some headwinds to clinical trial progression due to COVID.
 Can you give more color on which trials may be impacted here?
 Thank you.
 All right.
 Good morning, Louise, and thanks for your excellent questions.
 The RASP development is truly transformative for Aldera.
 RASP is the pharmaceutical target upon which the company was founded many years ago.
 To our knowledge, no company has ever therapeutically addressed RASP,
 And yet, RASP represents a very broad-based anti-inflammatory approach
 that probably applies to many, many diseases,
 is not only ocular diseases such as dry eye disease,
 but also systemic diseases.
 So, for all those reasons, we were thrilled about the FDA's decision to classify RASP
 as an objective sign of dry eye disease,
 which as you know is an inflammatory condition.
 What it means practically for the company is that the ongoing clinical trials that are
 about to start regarding the assessment of RAS should be
 likely to work based on the fact that the mechanism of Reproxilab and our other RASP
 inhibitors.
 is the direct inhibition of RASP.
 These compounds bind covalently to RASP.
 So what we're really measuring is a chemical reaction in vivo, and in this case, in the
 a tear fluid of patients that have been administered, Reproxylab.
 And all that leads us to believe that we'll be in a position to file an NDA for dry disease
 next year as we have previously announced.
 Regarding the COVID trial designs, we anticipate for both programs enrolling approximately 30 patients.
 I think they'll likely be a two-to-one randomization drug to placebo.
 So at this point, we have not included adaptive designs.
 I think the nature of the results of these first trials will help us determine subsequent
 clinical testing, which is obviously going to be much more significant if there are positive
 results from the preliminary outputs that we have here. Enrollment hasn't started. The
 has been filed for 629. As I mentioned on the call today, 1612 is the subject of further
 VIVO investigation in COVID that is being performed by NIAID, and we're absolutely thrilled
 about NIAID's decision to test ADX-1612 on our behalf.
 The COVID impact, as you mentioned, Louise, across the industry has been significant.
 the one trial
 in our case, in our pipeline, that has been affected by COVID-19 as the GARD trial,
 the Phase III Guard Trial for PBR.
 What seemed to have happened during the peak of COVID cases back March, April, May, and
 and so forth.
 was that many patients simply were not coming into the hospital despite vision changes,
 Losing sight.
 the number of patients coming in was diminished during that time frame.
 And furthermore, many clinical sites, as you know, simply did not have research staff,
 which were considered for a while to be non-essential, such that it was a difficult
 question.
 if not impossible in some cases, to enroll patients.
 However, the good news is, regarding the rest of the pipeline, we do not seem to have been
 and overtly affected by COVID in terms of enrollment.
 The dry eye program was largely under discussion with the FDA during the peak number of cases
 in the spring. The allergy program, the phase three allergy program,
 was on a planned hold because
 of pollen.
 As you know, you cannot enroll allergy programs with ambient pollen,
 and we expect the Invigorate program to reinitiate again in the fall.
 So we were quite fortunate in terms of timing with regard to our other clinical programs,
 believe relative
 to the impact of COVID.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star.
 than the number one on your telephone keypad that is star one to ask a question your next question
 comes from the line of Justin Kim
 with Oppenheimer & Company.
 Hi, good morning, guys.
 Thanks for taking the questions, and congrats on the progress.
 I know it's early days but
 And, you know, as you think about establishing reprox-left action on RASP as a sign of dry eye,
 We've had some discussion with investors on what would be an appropriate duration of observation
 to the festivity, can you just
 talk a little bit about the rationale behind the acute versus four-week time points from
 a trial perspective, disease perspective, and labeling perspective.
 Right.
 Good morning, Justin, and good to hear from you.
 As I highlighted in my comments this morning,
 the potential range of dosing duration for the RAS trials is anywhere from one to two days on the acute end
 to 28 days on the more chronic or subchronic end, which reflects the Phase II A trial.
 That is the data in our corporate deck showing that after 28 days of administration of Reproxilab,
 there was a highly statistically significant reduction in RASP levels as measured by ELISA.
 I want to spend a few seconds talking about the two different ways to measure RASP.
 Wraths exist in our body in two forms, so-called free wraths that are sort of floating around,
 and then rafts that are bound to proteins.
 The ELISA measures RAS bound to proteins, and as you know, ELISA is an antibody-mediated
 detection assay.
 The reason why we're able to generate antibodies to bound RASP is that when RASP bind the proteins,
 they're antigenic, and form antibodies, in some cases, antibodies against cell proteins.
 So the ELISA measures bound RASP, and bound RASP generally accumulate over time,
 which is why in the Phase 2a study over 28 days we used the ELISA to assess RASP levels.
 On the other end of the spectrum, regarding one to two-day or acute dosing of Reproxilab,
 We think that techniques such as LC-MS,
 some aspects.
 might be more relevant to assessing RASP because there we'd be looking at free RASP levels
 that would change acutely following dosing.
 So somewhere within those two ranges of dosing paradigms
 and those two different assay techniques, we will end up validating the precise technique
 and then establishing protocol design
 for the first of the RAS studies to begin shortly.
 Okay, great, got it.
 Um, and maybe then, you know,
 How do you think about dosing regimens to be investigated in it?
 I had conversations with the FDA on, you know,
 whether you'd have to do sort of, you know, QID or BID, you know,
 just to appreciate that you would be
 capering and sort of
 the disease state
 eventually
 Right, and that gets back to the first part of your question, how might the clinical community
 be perceived.
 duration of dosing and dosing regimens.
 First of all, I think that signs of diseases, including dry eye disease, are primarily or
 for first and foremost regulatory milestones.
 I do not believe, and certainly in the case of dry eye disease, that either physicians
 patients or patients are particularly worried about signs.
 do not wake up in the morning
 thinking, I wonder what my Schermer test is.
 I wonder what my corneal stain is, and so forth.
 Instead, we view signs, and I think most patients and physicians view signs as regulatory milestones.
 milestones.
 So the dosing paradigm for trials associated purely with signs, I think, is a lot less important.
 In this case, for one to two-day dosing paradigm, you're thinking of a limited number of doses
 for the 28-day dosing paradigm, I would expect we would dose QID, which is the first phase
 of our induction maintenance dosing paradigm, which was established with the release of
 release of the Phase III RENEW trial back in December.
 In terms of how physicians look at the dosing paradigm for Reproxylab in general, in terms
 the treating patients, I think that the induction maintenance paradigm established with Renew
 over 12 weeks really sets the tone and more precisely the label for how the drug will
 and that is a QID dosing initially followed by BID dosing for the maintenance phase.
 Okay, that's really helpful.
 Maybe just a clarification question
 and I know in the press release it says that there's going to be a dry NDA filing by the end of next year.
 is the kind
 thinking still to continue on
 or just a concurrent filing, just, you know,
 I know later it says that AC is also going to be found.
 I was just wondering if the expectation is that you would expect them together still.
 Our current thinking is that both will be filed together, pending positive clinical data, of course.
 It turns out that the timelines for dry eye disease and allergic conjunctivitis continue to overlap.
 The safety studies, the efficacy studies, the timeline for filing the NDA, all of those
 to overlap for dry eye and allergic conjunctivitis at this point, which suggests that a concurrent
 NDA is perhaps the best regulatory strategy, but of course, we'll have to see how events
 play out over the latter part of this year and the early part of next year
 before we can guide specifically on the possibility of a concurrent NDA.
 We really do like the concurrent NDA paradigm, however, because of the overlap between dry
 and dry.
 disease and allergic conjunctivitis.
 There seems to be about a 50% overlap, such that about half of the patients with dry disease
 complain of ocular itching, and about half the patients with allergic conjunctivitis
 planum dryness, and a single compound that could treat both diseases or is indicated
 for both diseases would be highly advantageous
 not only to physicians but also to patients as well.
 Right, right.
 that makes a lot of sense
 My last question is just, you know, on the safety study, is there an expectation for
 what the size and scope, you know, duration as well as number of patients you would anticipate
 paid for it.
 Right. For dry eye disease, my current understanding is that the FDA generally requires 100 patients complete one year of dosing.
 However, based on other sponsors' interactions with the agency, we believe that we can file
 based on six months of safety data.
 So what happens is most sponsors will over-enroll.
 they'll begin with more than 100 patients, such that they have 100 completers at 12 months.
 And to our knowledge, the safety trials are fairly standard in dry eye disease.
 I will say, as I mentioned in my prepared comments,
 that we've tested well over 1,000 patients.
 We have seen no safety signals, no changes in intraocular pressure, no retinal findings,
 no aberrant corneal findings, or any other safety signals that would suggest that there
 has been an issue with Reproxylab dosing in any patient that's received drugs so far.
 Great, great.
 Thanks again, and I'll hop back in the queue.
 Yep. Thanks, Jocelyn.
 And there are no further questions at this time.
 I will turn the call back over to Dr. Brady for closing remarks.
 Well, thank you all again for joining us today.
 as always
 We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress.
 Have a nice day.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 That does conclude today's conference call.
 We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.