 Okay, thanks Scott, and good morning.
 Today we reported ongoing learnings per share of 66 cents at the high end of our guidance
 range and reflecting double-digit growth.
 We also raised the midpoint of our 2017 adjusted earnings per share guidance and narrowed the
 range to 248 to 250, which is at the upper end of the range we said at the beginning
 of the year.
 The sales increased more than five and a half percent in the quarter, led by strong performance
 and establish pharmaceuticals and medical devices.
 At the beginning of the year, I commented that we were entering a period where innovation
 and new product launches would enhance our competitiveness
 and fortify our leading market positions.
 We're seeing this play out through the first three quarters of the year with significant
 growth contributions from several recently launched products and important advancements
 across our innovative new product pipeline.
 I'll highlight several examples as I summarize our third quarter results in more detail before
 We're trying to call over to Brian.
 I'll start with diagnostics, where we achieved sales growth of more than 5% in the quarter,
 which was...
 led by strong international performance.
 During the quarter, we continued the initial European launch
 of our new Alinity family of systems, which now includes five recently launched instruments
 in the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, blood
 screening, hematology, and point of care testing.
 As we've stated previously, our primary focus during this initial launch period has been
 to convert a number of long-tenured Abbott customers
 to Alinity and we continue to make progress on that front across all of the major European
 countries.
 We continue to anticipate CE mark for our limited molecular diagnostic system in the coming months
 and expected to begin the launch of the Alinity Instruments in the U.S. in 2018.
 During the quarter, we also announced our acquisition of a letter establishing Abbott
 that the global leader in point-of-care testing
 This combination creates the broadest point of care,
 testing portfolio in the world with leading positions
 across cardiometabolic infectious disease
 and toxicology testing.
 and nutrition sales move very modestly in the quarter.
 and pediatric nutrition continued above market performance in the U.S. was led by recently
 launched InfoFormula products and strong growth of our peter shirt toddler brand.
 Internationally, we've seen some market stabilization in China and we've
 and we prepare for the pending new food safety regulations
 that are set to go into effect on January 1 of next year.
 Outside of China, as expected, we continue to see soft market conditions across a few
 international markets and in adult nutrition international growth of five
 7.5% was led by our market leading insurer and glucerna brands.
 In established pharmaceuticals, or EPD, double-digit sales
 growth was led by strong performance across our key emerging markets, including double
 digital growth in Brazil, Russia, India and China.
 as expected and contemplated in our third quarter guidance.
 We saw a modest level of channel restocking in India after the implementation of a new
 tax system in that country on July 1st, which contributed approximately 2.5 percentage points
 the growth in the quarter.
 excluding its impact, totally PD sales
 would have grown around 12% in the quarter.
 with our unique geographic footprint and business model,
 as well as our scale and leading positions
 in several geographies, EPD is well positioned
 sustained above market performance.
 In medical devices, sales growth was led by double-digit growth in heart failure,
 electrophysiology, structural heart, neuromodulation,
 and diabetes care.
 In addition to strong growth, we achieved several important new product approvals and
 and clinical trial milestones across our portfolio
 during the third quarter.
 In heart failure, we received US FDA approval
 and launched our HeartMate 3 pump,
 which provides crucial support for advanced heart failure
 patients as they await further treatment, including heart
 Transplants.
 Part 8.
 offers a number of advantages compared to existing options and further strengthens our global
 leadership position in this area.
 During the quarter, we also received USFDA approval of our MRI-compatible ICD or Implantable
 defibrillator, which follows FDA approval of our MRI-compatible pacemaker earlier this
 here.
 These approvals significantly enhance our competitive position
 in the U.S. cardiac rhythm management market.
 In structural heart, double-digit growth was driven by continued global update of microclips.
 During the quarter, we achieved several important clinical milestones, including completion of
 of enrollment in our U.S. trial for Portico,
 our TAVR product, and we began enrolling patients in a new
 tricuspid valve disease trial which utilizes our market leading trans-catheter valve repair
 In neuromodulation, we achieved growth of approximately 50%
 50% for the third consecutive quarter driven by recently launched products that offer improved
 relief for chronic pain patients, and help for those suffering from movement disorders.
 With our broad portfolio of innovative solutions, we continue to advance our leadership position
 in this fast-growing market.
 I'll wrap up with diabetes care, where international sales
 growth of nearly 35% was driven by freestyle libre, our innovative glucose monitoring system
 that eliminates the need for routine finger sticks.
 WeBRA now has more than 400,000 users internationally,
 And during the quarter, we obtained national reimbursement
 status in Japan and the United Kingdom, which represents two of the largest diabetes markets
 in the world.
 In the U.S. during the quarter,
 Libre received USFDA approval as a replacement for blood glucose monitoring.
 This revolutionary technology is the only system available that comes factory calibrated,
 thus eliminating the need for daily finger sticks that are required to calibrate other systems currently available.
 So in summary, we exceeded expectations for the quarter and raised the midpoint of our
 full year EPS guidance, which is now at the upper end of the range we set at the beginning
 of the year.
 Our sales growth increased sequentially and recently launched products are contributing
 significant growth across our portfolio and we're particularly pleased with the
 productivity we're seeing across our new product pipeline which is delivering a
 steady cadence of approvals and launches of innovative technologies.
 I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more
 to initially work expecting from a creation
 with 12 to 13 cents a year, one more than 20 cents a year or two.
 But a lot happened to we were business over that time.
 renegotiate the terms, you know, that's some assets.
 So I think everybody would appreciate an update
 on how we're viewing that business,
 and then we'll circle back on Libre.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, I think it's premature, Mike, to get real specific about Aleer.
 We closed the deal a couple of weeks ago, literally.
 And our new management team has taken over the business, but obviously very rapidly getting
 up to speed, meeting all their employees, going through all the things you do to start
 integration, and so forth.
 And I'd say, first of all, that's gone very well.
 You know, the management team we put in place has moved very quickly, and I'd say very
 deliberately to get their hands around everything, but, you know, that takes some time.
 So as we've said to people, given the timing of when we close it, we expect no accretion
 this year, so I wouldn't look for any particular impact on the bottom line in 2017, and with
 with regard to 18, you know, since our initial estimates
 of accretion that were quite some time ago, as you know,
 when we first announced this deal,
 because it's taken a very long time to close.
 There have been a number of changes, including divestitures and so forth, so I don't want
 I'd give you a specific number or I'd say it's fair to think that the accretion will
 be...
 much more modest than what we initially indicated for the first year. We will get a full year.
 We'll get a quarter's head start, and obviously our intent is just be creative to our company
 at the end of our business and we believe that with the acquisition we've positioned ourselves
 as the leader in point of care testing worldwide,
 And all of that has the intent of, you know,
 good solid growth and profit growth for our investors.
 But I'm going to be cautious about what I communicate for 18
 at this point until we've really had a chance
 to assess it more thoroughly.
 and do you think the business has it?
 I think it's a good target.
 You know, I don't know that we...
 I don't know that we know yet, but that's certainly, I think, an expectation we have
 it ought to have.
 And the question is how rapidly we can do that.
 I think it's a fair expectation and if I was, and I am totally honest with you, I wouldn't
 have a lesser expectation.
 Okay, all right, let me switch to Libre if I can, and thanks.
 Well, I'd say a couple things, you know, your estimate is, let's just say your estimate I'll take.
 And you gave me a nice range there, so thank you.
 And, you know, I think that you can assume that we'll be looking at this from a lot of
 perspectives because we've got a lot of data. Having had a run rate in Europe, we launched
 in Europe and it basically went country by country.
 We started as full patient pay and we had really terrific uptake and consumer interest
 And that was the first introduction of Libre to the market.
 the fact that there was no reimbursement early on
 was an unknown to us, and it was a new concept
 and a new way for diabetics to test.
 And we experienced tremendous demand.
 Our first year, we were capacity limited, and yet we had a fair bit of demand, and second
 obviously has gone exceptionally well.
 And so, you know, as I indicated, we've got over 400,000 customers.
 It was remarkably well-embraced for reimbursement by government bodies in Europe and regions in Germany, etc.
 That's extremely gratifying that the value proposition that we see with Libre is strong.
 And it's intended to be.
 And consequently, we believe that part of the appeal is not
 just what Libre can do and the information that it provides to a diabetic who's a very
 informed patient than a very self-managing patient.
 It provides them tremendous information, tremendous guidance, and the management of
 diabetes and I know that first hand I wear one and I gotta tell you it's just a
 phenomenal, phenomenal device. It's a, it's a super product. I can see why consumers,
 just like it as much as they do, and that's true for both type 1s and type 2s, and we're
 seeing
 at universally across the board that use it in different ways, or at least the information
 and mean something to them in different ways,
 whether they're managing insulin or whether they're managing diet and exercise and other
 So I'd say, first of all, I expect demand to be pretty strong.
 Secondly, the U.S. market knows about the Brae.
 It knows a lot about Libre because of all the experience that we've had in the last
 here in Europe.
 So I do expect a more educated, ready, prepared,
 anticipating a demanding market in the U.S. as relates to
 which I would call the second dimension of this.
 I think our value proposition is quite strong.
 The product is priced at a very economic and affordable level.
 the intention there is as much and broad access as possible and as rapidly as possible.
 And I think that value proposition is stunning compared to competitive offerings.
 I think that's going to make it strong.
 We are in discussions with payers and we are in discussion with payers about that value
 proposition and I believe that will all go very well. I know that's not as much
 details you'd like to have, but it's as much as I'm willing to share at this point, because
 Right now, I would tell you, we expect a good, strong, out-of-the-blocks performance, like you described.
 And, you know, beyond that, I mean, right now, Mike,
 we're adding about 50,000 patients a quarter,
 And that's across a continent that, you know, we had to go at one country at a time, one
 reimbursement system at a time.
 Of course, the U.S. is quite large, and Japan and the U.K., as additions to this, are also
 quite large. So, you know, I mean, we have a fair amount of optimism and trying not to
 get too far ahead of ourselves.
 Yeah, I'd say a couple things, Matt.
 First of all, let me back up and give a bigger context to this.
 You know, over the course of the year, you know, there was a lot of skepticism on the
 part of analysts and or investors about all the things
 that we have to get accomplished,
 that were back in loaded, you know, a lot of third-quarter, fourth-quarter things.
 And, you know, depending on how you're looking at it,
 It looks pretty daunting and we all know everything doesn't go right.
 and the SOMAR inspection put some of that in doubt.
 Now, having said that, we stuck to our guns on what our estimates were
 and our projections were about when we would get product approvals and claim approvals,
 licensure approvals and so forth and the third quarter alone here has been pretty gratifying
 in that, you know, we basically got every approval we forecasted and within, let's call
 within 30 days or so of what we forecasted.
 And I think that's been pretty gratifying that what we said is what happened.
 And that includes Libre, that includes the High Voltage MRI claim, that includes Heart
 It includes the closure of a lear, it includes Libre, it includes the closure of a lear,
 It includes a lot of things.
 I don't generally like being back-enloaded because it feels like a lot of risks that
 everything has to go right, but everything did.
 And our progress with SILMAR is no exception,
 As I've indicated on prior calls, our...
 team that has been, you know, working with the SOMAR team and so forth has done an exceptional
 job, we've provided all information, taken all actions, done all remediation, everything
 basically done on time, delivered to FDA,
 discussed with the FDA, et cetera.
 And at this point, we're just experiencing those new systems,
 populating with new experience, new data, new decision making, et cetera, and all of
 that is going exactly as planned, exactly as forecasted,
 exactly as communicated with the FDA,
 and thus far without a hiccup.
 And I think that's recognized by the FDA.
 I think it's recognized.
 They have discretion.
 They don't have to license new products out of that facility, but they have.
 And I think that that is evidence of how we're progressing with SOMAR and the fact that the
 the FDA is giving it all the scrutiny that they would and should, and what we've submitted
 to them for approvals has been given fair and objective
 consideration and we've gotten our approval so far.
 With that said, the remaining ones, I'm not going to change my estimates on.
 I'm not going to change what we forecasted.
 You know, I have no reason to believe otherwise.
 They clearly have the discretion not to but that's not been our experience and so consequently
 I remain optimistic that we're on a track that will deliver what we've said.
 Well, I'll tell you what, I'm not sure.
 I would tell you this, first of all, you know, we have product approvals.
 We need...
 ...
 You know, we're ready for the transition.
 transition, building in the
 building inventory for such, et cetera.
 So as far as responding to the new law,
 And I think this is true for at least the large multinational
 competitors.
 I think most of us, if not all of us, have our product approvals.
 we're ready for the transition, et cetera,
 how we all manage that, who knows.
 But I think, you know, at least we are,
 I think others are, ready with new approved replacement products, et cetera, as we've
 been, you know, required to do. So I think we're all ready for the transition on January
 One, what you can't know very well, at least about everybody else, is how much inventory
 everybody has in various channels, you know, how long that transition will take for any
 be given competitor and so forth.
 We're comfortable with our inventory levels, we're comfortable with our inventory levels
 both on current product and, you know, post-gen one product.
 So we're comfortable with what we think we have to do with our own transition.
 And what's hard to project is not just the multi-nationals,
 but all the hundreds of other Chinese competitors
 that are faced with the same regulations.
 So, you know, I'd say we've seen a stabilizing of China.
 It hasn't been as choppy as it was in the last two years.
 I'd say our estimates around market growth are hard to pin down.
 You know, we were more conservative on market growth than recent data we've seen.
 The market growth is better than we indicated or better than we believed or better than
 than we thought, and we're looking pretty closely
 all the sources of our market data because there are many and they're not all perfectly
 comprehensive across all channels and other sources of products or even all geographies.
 So it's a hard win.
 China is a particularly difficult one to pin down
 because there are a number of channels,
 There are a lot of competitors.
 There are a lot of data sources.
 It's not like going to, you know, A.C. Nielsen in the U.S. or something.
 So I'm cautious about it.
 You know, I think we've seen the tough part,
 And I think we're going back into a phase where it's the same kind of hand-to-hand
 competition we've all had across multiple channels.
 I like that.
 I think that's better because at least then whether we do well or don't do well is a function of our execution.
 I haven't been particularly pleased with our execution and, you know, I don't exclude
 a number of other countries where we do see soft market conditions, but I also see less
 It's been great execution on our part.
 So, this business is getting a lot of attention from us and from all of us top to bottom and
 and it will get some attention.
 I think it's probably the one soft spot in our release.
 a lot of things are going awfully well, as I just commented to you in the device area,
 But this one's going to get a lot more attention.
 I feel that China is at least reasonably stable or predictable.
 We haven't been right about the market growth rates.
 look better than we expected, so that's a plus, and I guess I'd just leave it there.
 Yeah, I expected to be a creative.
 We've got a lot of work to do to identify our synergies and identify our growth opportunities.
 We're going through a reorganization of the business right now and I think that's actually
 going to be a plus.
 I don't want to describe how it was organized because I think that's kind of a waste of time and it will take a long time,
 You know, we went through a restructuring of the org structure of St. Jude,
 and we did it within six months.
 And as you know, organized and integrated business units that, you know,
 So I'd say that organization is still kind of setting,
 The glue is still kind of setting,
 but we moved to it within six months.
 That might have been aggressive, but the organization is very stable, you know, the restructuring
 activities that we had to go through and a lot of synergizing as far as people go, we've
 gone through, changes in management we've gone through, et cetera.
 that I'll get done at about the six month level.
 all got done at a Lear in six days.
 So, you know, that's a running start.
 And, you know, we've announced what we're moving to, you know,
 I think it's an organization, like look, all organizations, all people want to do well.
 They want to achieve.
 They want to grow.
 proud of the businesses they're running, they do want to do well and I'd say, you know,
 Our early days with the employees of the leader have been positive, and we announced that
 we're going to continue to do that.
 We're going to go to that kind of a structure.
 We've announced how we're gonna do it,
 why we're gonna do it, et cetera.
 And I think that's well received at this point.
 So as far as we look into...
 Thank you.
 I think your question about, you know, is half of that a good placeholder?
 I see you have the good placeholder.
 I can't tell you with any precision that that's what it'll be,
 but I think it's a good placeholder.
 Well, a couple things. First of all, with regard to Sierra, the same schedule, no change.
 That'll be first quarter of the year, we think, and with regard to confirm, it's partly
 approved already.
 As you may understand, it gets approved in pieces, and so far so good.
 There are some peripheral pieces we are waiting for approval on,
 but the first and very critical portion of that is approved.
 So, yeah, I think that's, so far, everything we've seen is very encouraging.
 Well, right now, I think we're going to have a little bit of a break,
 Right now, that's what I bet on.
 Okay, great.
 Thanks a lot.
 I'm trying to think about how to sound conservative to you.
 Look, you know, we got our acquisitions closed.
 we're going to have a number of product approvals that happened in the third quarter and fourth quarter
 that obviously should hit their stride.
 I mean, ideally, you'll look at 18 and you'd like to have your product approved exactly
 where we got them.
 You know, going into the next year.
 We've had a really good year.
 really good 2017, you know, we beat all expectations,
 not just in the numbers, but in the approvals,
 And you all have to admit you had a lot of skepticism
 about some of this, and maybe rightly so after 2016, but, you know, look, we've hit every
 target we had for this year, and with all those approvals, one
 ought to think that should bode positively for 2018.
 That said, when we go through our budgeting every year, it's kind of a negotiating tussle
 with our managers around the world about what's possible in their given markets and so forth.
 But, you know, I think, yeah, we ought to have pretty good momentum going into 18.
 you know, what can I say?
 all the organic R&D projects.
 and system projects and launches and approvals
 and so forth, they're all happening.
 And the Alinity products, probably most miraculously,
 five of those have, you know,
 become their launch process in Europe,
 and they'll start in the US next year.
 That's been a huge, huge undertaking.
 We're extremely excited about Libre.
 We're excited about all the medical device products,
 Everything that St. Jude represented to Abbott about its pipeline has come to fruition and
 And it's coming to fruition.
 So, you know, we're very, very bullish about all that.
 And I think there's an awful lot of validation in this
 about that acquisition.
 We don't know as much about O'Leary yet, but we will, and whether it's a big impact
 or if it's beyond 18, either way,
 I mean, either way, I think we're pretty happy to have that business.
 So, you know, Brick, I think your assessment's right.
 It'd be kind of hard for me to say no, it's going to be a tough year.
 Okay.
 Well, first, I'd tell you that this got great leadership and attention from our CFO and
 are EVPs and SVPs from day one.
 And I'm going to let him answer that question,
 because they've exceeded all of our targets,
 not just by a little, but a lot.
 Castle is strong, and I'll let him tell you about it.
 I think too Rick I would comment because I just want to get a commercial out there.
 This all gets even better if there's tax reforms.
 You know, I'm hopeful.
 I wouldn't put odds on it any more than anybody else watching our government, but we are extremely
 hopeful of the territorial system that gives us access to our cash flows and earnings around
 the world at a reasonable rate and at a competitive rate and that does make a difference to us
 in addressing current debt and cash flows,
 but cash flow itself, super good.
 Yeah, it did.
 You know, I would comment on a couple of things.
 First of all, it was a strange quarter for us
 in that multiple hurricanes, whether in the Texas Gulf Coast or across Puerto Rico, impacted
 anybody who had operations there.
 The earthquake in Mexico impacted us.
 the brush fires and forest fires in California actually
 impacted us the day after we closed the leader at a key
 a lear facility there.
 And to be honest, it was more impact on our employees than on our plant operations.
 We had a little bit of roof damage and a little water leakage here and there, but it was
 appear the hurricane affected different companies, different ways going across Puerto Rico because
 You know, I've noted that some competitors have indicated more damage or more impact than we've experienced.
 It took a superhuman effort by a lot of our people to try to address some of that, which we did.
 The fifth issue was access to power generation in Puerto Rico, and our folks addressed that
 really rapidly, and we're very happy about that.
 Our plants are, I guess, back up and running
 the right way to say it.
 There's one that we're starting this week.
 And, you know, we're back up is what it amounts to.
 And so there's, I would call it, some modest impact.
 It's affected us.
 I'd say at a modest level, not a material level.
 So our first priority was to find all of our people and aid them, which we've done.
 And so in Puerto Rico, we have not experienced the kind
 of disruption that some others have.
 I noted that another large health care company yesterday,
 I think had similar comments that they've been able to address it.
 We're kind of large in Puerto Rico,
 So it could have been worse, but it wasn't.
 And, you know, the St. Jude facilities that we
 and the acquisition of St. Jude were not particularly impacted.
 I mean, they were, but not to the degree
 we might have expected.
 I mean, everything has been more about power generation
 than damage.
 And unfortunately, that's not true for our employees,
 and it's not true for some other competitors,
 And I wouldn't wish that on anybody.
 But we've been pretty fortunate to get everything back up and running.
 So we don't have an impact to report for the fourth quarter
 that we haven't somehow managed or absorbed already
 in our estimates.
 The facility that was threatened in California was not damaged.
 we were able to move things out of that facility
 and prepare for damage, but there wasn't damage.
 And so we'll be back up and running soon.
 We did have employees who unfortunately lost homes and so forth, and we're dealing with
 that as a company, but, you know, from the standpoint of the operation of the business,
 we...
 We are in good shape, relatively speaking, and to the extent that there's any impact,
 We've already included it in our estimates for this quarter and absorbed it in that line or not.
 Thanks for taking the questions.
 I mean, it's gratifying that our experience with the pacemaker has matched our experience
 in Japan and Europe with the MRI approvals in terms
 of share recovery and so forth.
 So I think that bodes well for the ICD as well.
 Well, let me answer it this way.
 I don't really want the organization focused on M&A right now, and I think I'd give you
 that answer, regardless of what Brian said about debt and cash flow and so forth.
 Secondly, I wouldn't forecast it even if I had it in my gun sites.
 You know, most of the, my experience with you guys, you know, over the past 19 years
 has been you like to have, you like to have some indication of what's coming.
 And, you know, usually I've surprised you with most of the acquisitions or other things
 that we've done.
 That hasn't always been particularly well received, but they've always turned out pretty well.
 But I generally don't like the forecast, you know, where we're going or what we're doing
 until we announced it.
 And so I probably wouldn't tell you anyway.
 way, but is there some powder for next year or is next year really, let's focus on seeing
 to let's focus on earlier before we think about anything else.
 Well, you know, honestly, I think there is a focus on St. Jude and Aller, and right now that is paying off.
 You know look the focus on st. Jude. It's clearly paying off the focus on the you know a leader will pay off
 The focus on the internal product launches of Alinity and so forth, these things will pay off.
 These are, you know, fundamental drivers of sustained growth.
 I mean, if the hallmark of the identity of the company is sustained growth and we target
 you know, double-digit earnings growth every single year.
 You know, your organic performance, both in terms of R&D, pipeline, commercial performance,
 performance, et cetera, has to be sustainable and you know that is where the focus is and
 We've acquired a couple of businesses that initially were criticized as not growth and
 I beg to differ, you know, and I think that, you know, we're demonstrating so far with
 that there's a terrific pipeline and growth and share gain, et cetera,
 And I think you can see that and you know you can see that in the initial couple of quarters here
 So, yeah, I think there's going to be a lot of focus on not just St. Jude and the Lear,
 but the fundamental organic performance of all of our businesses.
 You know, it took a while for analysts and investors to appreciate the uniqueness of our
 strategy in established pharma and you know I think it sort of called out that
 that there's a segment of pharma that's not commodity generic,
 it's branded generic, that's higher market and higher growth, et cetera, in pretty key
 markets around the world and right now that's our fastest growing business other than Neuromod
 And, you know, it's not much hard to touch.
 How do you do it?
 Ahhhhhhh
 You know we're growing that business at double digits the team is doing a terrific job those markets represent the kind of opportunity
 we said they did.
 And, you know, those kinds of growths from an operating standpoint,
 both rates out of the business, you know, that's what you want.
 So at some point, if we can add to our footprints
 and add to our strategies.
 We want to be in a flexible position to do that.
 We obviously want to get to a position
 where we have the strategic flexibility
 that we've always thought we had.
 So I don't think it's a bad idea for us
 to focus on the operations, you know, keep pushing our cash flow, keep pushing that debt
 down.
 So that's where the focus will be next year, and I think we get ourselves back to
 to strategic flexibility quicker that way, which is a good thing.
 Yep, okay, and then just I agree with all of everything you said just some housekeeping
 This may be for Scott.
 You said Portico, you finished enrolling.
 That's the U.S. trial.
 Would that put you on pace for a 2019 U.S. launch?
 And then I think you've talked about mitral, which
 is the 10 Dying Program.
 And I think you said you started enrolling.
 Is that, is that enrolling in the European trial?
 And then is there an update on the start of the US trial?
 Thanks.
 I'm gonna let Scott answer that.
 Yeah, it's a really good one to note.
 I mean, that's one that came out of our own venture group
 from our own investments and so forth,
 We've been able to combine these things with St. Jude in a way that I think is pretty synergistic,
 So we're pretty excited about that one.
 Any update on when you start a U.S. trial for tendering?
 Man, I think anybody that claimed a 50% growth rate was sustainable would be an idiot.
 So I'm not going to be one.
 Look, we're very pleased with the performance in Neuroma.
 I think it's obviously driven by the fact.
 We've got three great products there.
 They're being exceptionally well received by the market.
 They have an impact in real life on patients
 and their pain levels.
 You know, we're seeing great real-world results from Birst and GRG.
 G, A, A, A, A, A, A.
 I think it's a really great group of products
 and a strong organization.
 I think that the products hit a segment
 that's in client need of improvements for patients
 and particularly the time when pain drugs and so forth
 or a national issue.
 So I don't know.
 I think the new products are driving the growth
 and the execution's been strong,
 The uptake's been strong.
 You know, we've had three quarters in a row of 50% or better growth, you know, how long
 Will it be like that?
 we'll start to lap it and the law, big numbers,
 will start to diminish the growth rate,
 that the actual rod growth will still be pretty strong,
 So, I don't know, I like what we see,
 But it's hard for me to hold it up as an example to all the other businesses that say you should do this.