 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining this call.
 As a reminder, the set of materials, including the release and a slide presentation, are available in our corporate website.
 From this quarter on, you will also have available in our website a fact sheet
 that adds a bit of color on our activities to the release.
 Our first half performance confirms the remarkable work done by all our teams
 in preparing themselves to deliver on their purpose
 and targets against a difficult and unstable pandemic context.
 Dynamic and competitive business models drove strong sales performance
 and improved value drivers in the first six months of the year.
 Consolidated sales were up by 6.3%, or 8.8%, at constant exchange rates, underpined by
 the performance of all our banners.
 Biadrunka grew throughout the period by successfully meeting consumer needs at all moments, innovating on its assortment, and crafting relevant campaigns to capture market opportunities.
 As a result, our Polish banner was able to reinforce the preference of consumers,
 both in the difficult first months of the year, when a new wave of COVID-19 infections hit Poland,
 and in Q2, when the pandemic context improved
 and consumers felt safer to visit the stores more often.
 The banner also benefited from an overall positive consumer demand
 and good weather in the second quarter.
 Ping Dos and Recheio worked hard to continue mitigating the impact
 of the market constraints that still affect retail
 and particularly the auracic activities.
 After a strict lockdown in Portugal in the first quarter of the year,
 both banners returned to growth as the restrictions eased and the comparison with prior year became less demanding.
 ARA, that faced again in Q2 a challenging context, delivered consistently well throughout
 the period, proving its capacity to build a solid position in the Colombian market.
 Group EBTA grew, ahead of sales, by 12.6% or 15.5% at constant exchange rates.
 This very positive evolution reflected sound top-line growth,
 a creative margin mix management
 and cost discipline.
 Operating in the market in a responsible and sustainable way
 is a priority for all our companies.
 In this respect, I would like to highlight just a couple of important developments.
 We are committed to building a stronger company in terms of our human capital,
 and we are mindful that the effects of the pandemic will likely continue.
 We have therefore increased the proportion of our employees with permanent contracts to 70% of the group workforce
 and further invested in employee support
 compared with the same period last year.
 Under our commitment to contribute to a forest-positive future,
 we have continued to take decisive steps, such as joining the Colombian government's voluntary agreement to fight deforestation,
 ensuring the plantation
 of over 58,000 trees under the Serra do Açor Forest Project in Portugal
 and continue to publicly encourage the European Commission
 to adopt more ambitious measures to curb deforestation.
 These first six months were a good combination
 of strong short-term delivery and long-term vision.
 The delivery on the financial targets is clear.
 The strong operational performance that drove sales to reach 9.9 billion euros
 and a BTA to attain 715 million euros
 together with strict working capital management,
 reinforced our cash position.
 Excluding capitalized operating leases,
 It was at 407 million euros by the end of June, already after the dividend payment of 181 million euros in May.
 A very brief update on the operating context
 before going into the detail of the performance.
 Just to remind you that Poland and Portugal were under lockdown in Q1
 and started to relax restrictions in April,
 while in Colombia, the second quarter had more restrictions in place than Q1,
 although not so severe
 as in the same period of 2020.
 I will focus this update on what changed in Q2, starting with Poland.
 In the second quarter, with the pandemic under control and the easing of restrictions, the environment gained some normality and circulation of people was significantly resumed.
 This context, together with positive consumer demand, favored consumption.
 Retail store traffic continued to be limited, with the number of people inside the stores being relaxed from one person per 15 square meters to one person per 10 square meters by the end of June.
 In Poland, food inflation increased from 0.6% average in Q1 to 1.6% in Q2.
 In Portugal, restrictions were also lifted or relaxed, depending on the risk level of the municipalities.
 Nonetheless, the limits to the number of people inside stores and restaurants, combined with limitations to the opening hours, continue to hamper the activity.
 food inflation decline having been muted in Q2.
 In Colombia, in the second quarter of the year,
 restrictions to manage the pandemic crisis became more frequent,
 particularly in April, though measures were less strict than in 2020.
 Social unrest in May also brought constraints to the normal functioning of the supply chain,
 having contributed to an increase in food inflation in the country.
 countries.
 Looking now at the P&L for Q2, a couple of notes I would like to share with you.
 Top-line growth was strong at every banner, but growth rates were particularly high in the Portuguese and Colombian businesses that in Q2 20 were strongly impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak.
 With regard to gross margin, the positive margin mix, which was enhanced by an easier
 component.
 against 2-2-20 when the
 unexpected beginning of the pandemic impacted the basket mix in the three countries helped
 to mitigate the pressure of the retail tax implemented in Poland.
 A BTA margin increased by 60 basis points, driven by the recovery of the operational
 leverage in ping-dos and recheio, and the delivery of the cost restructuring done in
 Colombia in 2020.
 below operational performance
 net earnings evolution also benefited from a favorable movement
 in the other profits and losses heading.
 I remind you that in Q2 20, this heading was at minus 16 million euros,
 mainly due to the closure of the pharma business in Poland
 and following the effects of the pandemic,
 the booking of provisions for trade receivables and habit stocks.
 The healthy profile of our first half P&L, with sales increasing by 6.3% and EBTA growing
 by 12.6% reflects the quality of Biadronka's business model and execution that we're able
 to offset the pressure of the retail tax,
 The successful work of Ping Doss and Hsieh
 in fighting against the impact of the restrictive measures
 and the lack of tourists to recover sales and EBTA,
 the consistent good performance Avada
 that also benefited from an improved cost base.
 The net financial costs declined from 96 million euros in H-120 to 74 million euros in H-121.
 Remember that in the 2020 figures included a foreign exchange loss of 14 million euros
 that in H121 was positive in 3 million euros.
 Cash flow generated in H121 reached 82 million euros,
 driven by stronger EBTA and better working capital flows than in 2020.
 With regard to working capital in H-120, funds generated were negatively impacted by the
 lower growth and an adverse
 calendar effect.
 The strength of the balance sheet is intact,
 even further reinforced by the cash flow generation capacity of the different businesses.
 The CAPEX reached 200 million euros, with all banners delivering on expansion as planned.
 Beadronka added 53 locations from a plan 100 for the year, 39 on a net basis.
 ARA, that plans to open more than 100 stores in the full year,
 has opened 41 in H1.
 With regard to refurbishments,
 Biadronka, which runs the biggest program in the group, has remodeled 153 stores as part of its plan to revamp up to 300 in the year.
 We will see an increase in capex in H1 as more stores will be open
 and logistics developments will be accounted for.
 Moving now into the details of the operating performance, starting with sales.
 Sales growth was the driver of the strong performance
 registered in the first six months of the year.
 Reflecting the quality of our Banner's value proposition,
 like-for-like in H1 reached 6.6%.
 Currency devaluation that impacted H1 performance was softer in Q2.
 When splitting sales performance between Q1 and Q2,
 we see that Q2 was boosted by growth in Portugal and Colombia,
 both of the countries severely hit in Q2 20 by the COVID-19 outbreak. We also see the impressive
 ability of Beadronka to keep
 reinforcing the preference of Polish consumers
 quarter on quarter.
 Beadronka sales increased by 9.8% in Zloty and 6.8% in Euros to reach 7 billion Euros.
 Like for Like accelerated in Q2 as a result of Biedronka's ability
 to continuously adjust to market circumstances,
 having also benefited from a combination of variables that in Q1 were quite favorable.
 reopening of the economy with good control over the pandemic situation,
 positive consumer demand, and good weather in May, June,
 providing extra opportunities.
 In this overall positive context, on top of a strong price positioning and an evolving offer,
 the banner builds strong and innovative campaigns
 to maximize sales opportunities
 and strengthen consumer preference.
 Habit sales increased by 10.4% in local currency,
 7.3% in euros. Excluding the pharma business, which was discontinued in July 2020,
 Top line was up by 23.4%, and like-for-like was at 17.7%, also including online sales.
 E-commerce continues developing well
 and represented 14% of the banner sales in the period.
 Hebe is already running tests through its e-commerce platform
 to conclude on the potential of new markets outside Poland.
 Ping Dose's sales reached 1.9 billion euros, a growth of 4.6% over H120.
 The base of comparison became less demanding from March onwards,
 and the company grew strongly in Q2, with like-for-like excluding fuel at 7.3%,
 despite all headwinds.
 with restrictions still in place.
 low circulation of people and constraints imposed on restaurants and coffee shops' activities.
 Ping Dos reinforced its commercial dynamic and maintained the quality offer for which it is recognized, driving volume growth and a good financial performance despite basket deflation across the period.
 With the lack of tourists and severe restrictions on the ORECA channel, particularly in Yuen,
 Recheio fought hard to offset the losses on top line until March.
 In Q2, the banner delivered a like-for-like growth of 21.1%,
 benefiting from the reopening of the restaurants and coffee shops
 against a period of lockdown in 2020
 and managed to end the half-year with flat growth on sales.
 In Colombia, ADA performed consistently well, despite the market conditions that were more challenging in Q2.
 Sales in local currency grew 20.9%.
 In euro terms, sales increased by 11.9%.
 The like-for-like swing between Q1 and Q2 reflects the comparison with 2020 when the impacts of the pandemic hit the performance as from April.
 Group EBTA reached 715 million euros, 12.6% ahead of the previous period.
 At constant exchange rates, a 15.5% increase.
 This sound performance was driven by strong top-line growth
 and all its benefits on the operational average,
 enhanced by the efficiency programs ran in all companies
 and also lower COVID-19 related costs.
 ABTA margins for the group in the first half increased from 6.8% to 7.2%, driven by the
 group.
 Excellent work done by Bedronka to grow like-for-like, improve margin mix, maintain cost discipline
 and increase efficiency.
 The banner delivered on all fronts and was also able to contain the negative impact of the new retail tax.
 The hard work of Pingo Doce and Rechei to recover sales under difficult market conditions
 paid off in improved margins due to operational leverage.
 ARA's good sales performance, which together with an optimized cost structure, allowed
 for a significant improvement at the BTA level.
 The first six months' performance confirms that our banners are delivering well
 as a result both of their dynamic business models
 and competitive value propositions, which are recognized by consumers
 and also of their proven resilience.
 All banners are prepared to continue delivering and generating cash flow.
 The strength of our balance sheet supports our capacity to further invest
 to reinforce our competitive positions.
 Despite ongoing uncertainty about the full impact of the pandemic on the economies where we operate,
 we enter H2 confident
 that our businesses are in good shape
 to deliver on their strategic priorities
 and continue growing while preserving profitability.
 I finalize by confirming the outlook for 2021 as disclosed on our 2020 full-year results presentation and reiterated in April.
 Thank you for your attention, operator.
 I am now ready to take questions.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 and wait for your name to be announced.
 if you wish to cancel your request
 please press the hash key
 once again
 please press star 1 if you wish to ask a question.
 We're taking our first question from the line of Andrew Green at Exxon.
 Sorry, I was on mute.
 Yeah, good morning.
 how are you doing
 Just a couple of quick questions.
 so firstly
 obviously we had the turnover tax
 introduced in Poland.
 so I'm just wondering is it your sense that that now has been pretty much fully passed through
 To the consumer. And the second one is a sort of bit of a boilerplate question at the moment, but really around the cost outlook.
 we're obviously seeing very high levels of cost inflation washing around we've
 I've seen some pressure on suppliers.
 just wondering how you're seeing cost inflation at present and what you would anticipate in the
 the second half of the year.
 Thank you very much.
 thank you Andrew
 So on the turnover tax in Poland, in our case, I think that we cannot conclude that we are passing that to the consumers.
 As I've always said, taxes have systemic effects on the whole economy.
 I believe that probably some players will have to pass it directly for the consumers.
 But what the performance of Biedronka shows, and I can tell you that the company operated in deflation during this period of around 1%.
 So what that shows is that we maintain competitiveness, and that is not shown.
 so the passing of the retail tax did not affect our consumers
 or this is not what passes from the performance.
 Nonetheless, I think what the company did or was able to do in preparing itself, not
 only from the cost point of view, but in managing it, is that the company did or was able to
 its sales and margin mix, introducing a lot of innovation in the offer
 and putting relevant promotions in place
 to really have the operational average kicking in
 and compensating for the retail tax
 was really quite remarkable, in my opinion.
 As for the cost outlook, we don't hide.
 I think that we even anticipated
 and we always flag that there would be inflation,
 particularly on the personal heading and also on energy.
 We are now also having some pressure seen in the market from raw materials inflation,
 and this, of course, may affect not only the cost of the product sold,
 but also the cost of the materials for the refurbishment, et cetera.
 So this is different pressures on different levels.
 but that what our companies are doing is really to try to accommodate
 in terms of efficiency to compensate for that
 and to, as we said, maintain profitability.
 Of course, the best way to protect profitability is getting sales.
 And so competitiveness at price level and the quality of the offer
 will continue to be paramount to compensate
 and to continue to deliver profitability.
 But as I said, this is what we expect in all our businesses for the year.
 And so just for Poland, are you able to quantify loosely
 where cost inflation is, just to give us a sense
 sort of the differential that you're running?
 So what I said is deflation is, or inflation in this case,
 is mainly on personal costs at this point
 and on energy.
 What we feel is some pressure also on the cost of goods sold.
 But, as I said, what we are going to do is making sure that we maintain quite competitive
 to compensate for that on the operational average.
 Okay, perfect. All very clear as always. Thank you.
 Thank you, Andrew.
 We're now taking our next question from the line of Rob Joyce at Goldman Sachs.
 Hey, good morning.
 thanks for taking my questions
 Just three.
 just to follow on there from your last point
 just to clarify on the Polish margin from here
 And we still think, despite all those different cost pressures you mentioned and the retail
 sacks, we still think a broadly flat margin is a good target for this year on I think
 a pre-IFRS basis, so probably slightly down on IFRS.
 That's the first one.
 Second one, just on Aura, just trying to piece together all the different bits of information there.
 But how do you feel? Are the trading conditions now in this third quarter and going forward,
 Are they more favourable than you'd say in aggregate
 versus the second quarter, or are we looking at a third quarter,
 which is going to be incrementally more challenging.
 and then the final one is
 You mentioned quite a few times, and clearly from the numbers,
 the balance sheet is in a very strong
 position. How do we look at your sort of preferred use of cash? Should we be looking at special
 dividends and are you still looking at acquisition opportunities and can you maybe give us a little
 bit more detail if you are as to where they are and what type of assets they might be.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, Rob.
 So, as for the Polish margins, what we always said, so I think it's possible continues to
 be quite challenging, but we think it's possible. What we do really is making sure that we invest
 properly in order
 to maintain the competitiveness.
 And as I've already stated, this is really what is paramount, is guaranteeing that growth
 compensates for any pressure on the cost.
 So on saying that, we think it's possible to maintain it despite being challenged, but
 as it has shown until the first half.
 the company was able to deliver this.
 On Ara, I think that's, we mentioned, there are two, of course, we don't hide, and although
 So that doesn't take any merit from the team's work.
 But we don't hide that last year with the full lockdown that affected the country for more than six months, we are having now a more favorable comparison base, so a less demanding comparison base.
 And, as you know, the like-for-like, both in the second and in the third quarter, were
 quite low last year against what we expected due to that full lockdown. So I would say
 that for Q3, we still expect to be somehow benefiting from that.
 This being said, the most important Inara's performance is not only the fact that they
 They have really maintained, despite all the social unrest and even the pressure on inflation,
 The company has a very important gap to price inflation.
 So we are now having a gap of more than five percentage points.
 and so competitiveness has increased in ARA
 and that has been quite important in capturing new consumers.
 and that together with a cost structure that has been optimized due to the restructuring
 that took place in the second half last year, I think it will definitely be very important
 on the performance
 for the full year.
 So I think that the company will be able, as I flagged, to deliver a very good performance.
 We are not seeing the same kind of restrictions that we saw last year, so we think also that
 our expansion will not be hampered, and in this case, so I think that this will be more
 not so many headwinds as in last year
 and a much more prepared company to deal with the pandemic constraints
 and with the fact that the economy in Colombia
 is suffering from the pandemic, definitely.
 Annalisa, Columbia, sorry, can I quickly interrupt?
 Sorry to interrupt, but is it now, are we in a position now
 we can start thinking about what the longer term margin
 structure might look like in Colombia you know are we able to start thinking
 about getting back to giving some guidance.
 maybe on where we can get to,
 comparing maybe with the Biadronka margin we see?
 I think, Rob, it's a little bit too early to give that guidance.
 Long run, of course, our ambition is always to get that, and so we are working really
 to have a sales density
 that may allow us to really have a great operational leverage
 and be able to deliver the same margins as Bedronka.
 That will be always the ambition.
 But for now, it's still too early to give guidance on that.
 On the balance sheet, so the preferred use of cash is to finance growth.
 So we think this is the relevance and growth being the basis not only of the profitability for the company, but even for the purpose of the company.
 So, we think that, we always said that, that being relevant or maintaining the relevance
 for our employees, our consumers, our business partners, and the communities that we serve.
 best way to do it is through growing sales and being relevant, really, for all of them.
 So to finance growth is our best opportunity and alternative.
 This being said, Annie, of course, if the growth opportunities will not be totally taking
 advantage of our financial position. We never rule out an exceptional dividend but that
 would be, of course, a board decision, depending on the extra opportunities that may appear
 and the ones that we find value and creative.
 And are you seeing those growth opportunities to spend at the moment?
 I think that the pandemic also brought some opportunities, but we will not comment on any of those.
 Okay. Thank you very much.
 Roll.
 we're now taking our next question
 from the line of Jose Rito
 at CaixaBank
 Yes, hi, good morning to all.
 So the first question on Biadronka.
 so we witnessed a stronger
 on like-for-like performance in Nike, too.
 Can you elaborate a little bit what has been the main driver for this?
 you mentioned the weather
 what other drivers
 could explain this strong
 performance in Q2
 and if this momentum could be possibly extrapolated into the coming quarters,
 at least in terms of volumes
 I mean, second question on the gross margin.
 we saw a catch-up
 on the cross margin
 at the consolidated level in Q2
 versus what was Q1
 I suppose
 this has been driven by all regions, but I would like to have some additional details
 if possible
 And finally, a question on Justen Bueno in Colombia.
 any insight
 of what should be
 the end game for this player thank you
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Jose.
 So on Viadronca, this acceleration, of course, I think I mentioned that even in my introduction.
 so it's not just the weather of course
 We think that the weather has this or induces a positive sentiment also on the consumer.
 but we saw a consumer-favorable demand in the second quarter, definitely,
 compared with the second quarter of 2020.
 and as a consumer
 confidence
 is at the higher level and
 and the consumer is still reacting quite significantly to all our actions.
 This being said, I think that the main driver really was all the dynamic that the company
 puts in place, not only launching quite successful new products, so a lot of innovation also
 on the assortment
 to really capture this more positive or more favorable consumer demand and also more relevant
 promotional campaigns.
 campaign.
 did increase our level of promotions by more than two percentage points versus last year.
 And so this acceleration is definitely a mix of the consumer more or the reaction of the
 consumer, but also definitely of the dynamic and the commercial campaigns that were put
 in place by the company.
 If this is going to be maintained, of course, it's true that all the comparables, and particularly
 in Biadronka for the next two couple of quarters will be more difficult or more demanding.
 we don't hide that
 but this being said
 And we think that, at this point, we don't see any reason for the consumer.
 it's true that also depends on the pandemic and on on its evolution with the new variants but
 We don't see, at this point, a consumer that is tending to be less positive.
 we still have some challenges also namely uh the not only we don't have only the
 inflation, we also have deflation, and we are seeing that in a quite significant part
 of our assortment, namely in fresh, so in fruits and vegetables and in meat, but we
 also have the positive effect of inflation in the salaries, so people have more available
 income, and that helps also in the top line.
 So for the next quarters, we continue to be quite positive, despite some headwinds also.
 on the gross margin.
 And so this was driven basically, so the only business that didn't grow gross margin versus
 last year was the adjunct but that was already expected
 considering that they had the pressure from the retail tax,
 But all the other businesses were able really to post an increase in its gross margin and
 contributing for the performance and for the number that you see at the consolidated level.
 It's too just and good.
 So what we know, and it's public, is that we are in a restructuring process,
 So I'm in some financial distress, but we don't comment on any of the situation of our
 competitors and and and so no novelty on that front from our part but as this
 display a bit more, let's say, soft from a competition point of view?
 I don't think so, because the environment is quite tough in Colombia.
 what we think really that drives the performance of ARA
 is really the fact that it has attracted more consumers
 because it's really providing, you know, a very competitive offer
 And, you know, it's really trying to stop inflation, which is heavily hitting the food
 inflation, as you can imagine, with the way that the households were affected by the pandemic
 in terms of income, it's quite paramount to maintain competitiveness.
 And I think that ARA is really managing in a very balanced way the prices to really become much more relevant to the consumers,
 so it's being able to attract more consumers to the stores.
 I think it's more than the others' situation, is really ARA's merit, the fact that they
 are being able to increase sales versus other competitors.
 Okay. Understood. Thank you.
 We're now taking our next question from the line of James Grisnich at Jefferies.
 Good morning, Ana Luisa.
 I have a couple.
 with the first one.
 Sorry to press you, following on from Rob's question on Colombia, if you can
 provide us any more context. I mean, obviously, Colombia is still very, very
 loss-making level so first i wanted to clarify is it just a matter of building sales densities
 that resolves that, are you happy with the sales mix?
 How important is the overall skill build to really getting a proper return on that investment in Colombia?
 and I don't expect you to share views on timing
 But I presume the board has a very clear view of what it wants EBIT to look like in Colombia,
 given that there's still a lot of incremental investment going into the business.
 So that was really the first one.
 and the second one can you perhaps update us on where you are in terms of relative price
 competitiveness in Poland at the end of Q2. Thank you.
 Thank you, James.
 So in Colombia, it's true that it's loss-making, and we expect really, and of course, we had
 some headwinds that avoided
 or make it more challenging to attain our objective,
 which was presented a positive EBTA pre-IFRS 16 this year or next year.
 but I think it's still possible
 So it's loss-making, but as you probably saw from the numbers,
 there is really a very big improvement done by ARA.
 That's, I would say, the first, one of the reasons is, of course, a different cost base.
 But the most important is, as you said, I think that what we are doing is really building
 a sales density
 that we expect, and so the board expects and believes, really,
 not only in the ability of the company to grab the opportunity
 because we see it intact in proximity and in the market.
 and so
 the idea really is that
 the operational average can kick in
 And with that, of course, asset turnover will be much higher, and even if margins may not
 be the same as Biadronka, although the ambition is that they could be, we will be having a
 quite
 important
 return on invested capital.
 So the idea really is to reach that, of course, and we are working to have it as fast as possible.
 It's true that it was very challenging to start a business from scratch.
 We knew that that would be challenging, but I think that everyone now believes that ARA
 is really reinforcing its position in the Colombian markets.
 We have now the suppliers really willing to bet on us and to grow with us, and this has
 been quite paramount to also build the the gross margin and it will be very
 important in having a profitable company in the future.
 in terms of where we are in price gap.
 so no big difference
 at this point, so
 So, Biadronka continues to maintain a gap not only for the hypermarkets, which is higher
 than 10%, but also for the other discounters.
 We think that on food that is really paramount to maintain the competitiveness
 and we are willing to invest to grab sales
 and not to lose competitiveness in the Polish market.
 Thank you.
 Can you just ask a follow-up on Colombia?
 on that asset turn
 are we
 is that sort of 20%
 I guess 20% to your stack, the clean picture, the sort of assets you really need to build
 cell densities at the appropriate level?
 Do we need to go significantly higher than that?
 Overall, I think we are almost there.
 Now I think that we have still, and we have been building also on the margin, of course.
 So I think that on the asset turnover, we are on track.
 on the margins, there was some, as I said,
 some setbacks because of course
 of all the situations, but we are picking up on that, of course.
 That's great. Thank you. Bye.
 Thank you, Jane.
 We are now taking our next question from the line of Joao Pinto at JB Capital.
 Hi.
 Hi. Good morning, everyone.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 regarding the growth
 margin growth this quarter, you said
 that part of this was given by an easier comparable
 regarding sales mix.
 For the second part of the year, do you expect pressures on gross margin to remain low, like
 in the second quarter, or they should increase as the comparable
 where it is not as easy.
 My second question,
 I assume that the OPEX-to-sales ratio has not fallen as much as it did in the first quarter in Poland,
 even the cross margin did not fall as much
 and maybe the margin was stable.
 can you give us some
 color and the declining OPEX to self decelerated from, from the first
 quarter to the second quarter, and that's all.
 Thank you, Joanne.
 So on gross margins, of course, it will be more demanding.
 we don't hide that
 because, as we said, the gross margins in Q2 2020 was highly pressured even on the uncertainty and the instability.
 so the companies invested to really keep and grab sales
 uh... failed that would be and the pressure all over
 So that's really effective.
 This being said, the companies, what they are doing is really to maintain the level of
 dynamism and new campaigns
 and even adjusting
 the offer to have the best
 the best sales and margin mix
 to be able to offset
 the further pressure that they may feel.
 On the OPEX decline, of course, in Poland, as you remember, last year, not only we had more COVID costs related,
 so that has been
 much softer
 in this quarter.
 I would say that for the remaining quarters, we will also, I think that this, the COVID costs are already incorporated in most of our contracts from cleaning to safety and all of that.
 So, but this being said, overall for the full year, what we really expect is that the operational
 average will play a role, and so relevant sales will be able to continue diluting costs.
 That's great, Bert. Thank you.
 usual
 We're now taking our next question from the line of Cédric LeCasbel at Stifo.
 yes thank you for taking my questions
 actually I have two
 The first one is on the way you manage your basket inflation.
 We see an increasing gap in Colombia between food inflation and your basket inflation.
 still quite a material gap in Poland so the question on Poland is really how do
 How do you manage your basket inflation?
 How do you arbitrate between, you know,
 profitability and market share
 Could you update us on your market share evolution?
 and down to road the biggest question is
 How do you think your profitability in Poland will be like two years from now or midterm versus free retail tax profitability?
 Do you see some players suffering?
 Do you see some players that are pushing prices up, giving you another advantage?
 How do you see things, you know, after all this settles down and the dust settles down in one year or two years?
 And the follow-up question on Colombia, which is more or less linked to this one,
 is are you trying to recruit customers in Colombia over the next, let's say, 12, 24 months?
 Would you continue to put pressure on your prices to recruit more clients, improve sales
 entity and should we have like a kind of muted profitability profile over the next two, three
 years and suddenly an acceleration where you are, where you are, where you want to be in
 terms of this identity.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Cedric.
 So in terms of the basket inflation, of course, the basket inflation compares the same products
 as we are also introducing innovations
 and in some cases putting further promotions on some of the products,
 It's quite difficult to manage, but what we use really is that possibility to offset,
 in terms of the sales mix to offset the deflation.
 So it's really playing with novelties, with different products, with promotions,
 and that brings a lot of relevance
 and compensates, of course, for the fact that in the same period,
 in different periods with the same products being still investing on those products
 that, of course, we should not be in any way uncompetitive.
 And so that is overall not only in Poland, that happens in Portugal,
 and in Colombia of course
 the consumer reaction is different
 because the consumer also...
 Confidence is also different in the three economies.
 in terms of trying to
 arbitrate between profitability and market share
 I think we never...
 we were always very clear that the first priority would be sales.
 And, of course, probably that would translate in market share.
 but the idea
 and we think it's possible with all the initiatives that we are taking,
 not only at the commercial level
 but also at the efficiency level on the costs to preserve the profitability.
 so we don't want to increase
 our margins
 We really want to leverage on those to maintain the relevance at the top line
 because we think really what pays off is what we usually call the operational leverage.
 is really by increasing sales we dilute costs
 and we maintain relevance with the consumer.
 Sorry.
 it's not really
 it can be a difficult balance
 as you can imagine
 particularly if the consumer does not react, but that's the way we see it.
 We think that growth is the main leverage in terms of profitability for the company.
 So it's going to be or continue to be the priority.
 Sorry, Cedric.
 No, no, sorry, Ana Luisa.
 Thank you for your answer.
 just two
 positions
 the first one, so
 Down the road, what you would be targeting would be like similar profitability as in the past, before.
 So absorbing the introduction of the retail tax with all these measures and keeping profitability more or less where it was before the introduction of the retail tax.
 And could you please, if you have any data on market share, you know, the most recent data in Poland update us on market share evolution.
 okay so on on that cedric um so we we keep of course uh and we are the companies working to
 as we said preserve profitability
 in terms of margin, but as I said,
 If we are able to, by investing more, to have a higher asset turnover,
 So a return on invested capital is even higher.
 that is the priority
 He's really on the top line, as I said.
 In terms of market share, year on year, Biadronka until May, which is the last numbers that
 we have, has increased its market share by 1.7 percentage points.
 So May 2020, year-to-date to May 2021.
 on the profitability in Poland.
 So it's not a secret that the market is changing.
 and you know that some players
 so are leaving the market
 other players are going in
 usually on a more hard discount kind of type, on the more proximity.
 So you continue to see all players that decided to stay in the country to increase their networks
 and their footprints in Poland to grab the growth opportunity in the market.
 So, I think that we still expect a lot of pressure, but you have, it's true, you have
 We don't know. Recently, there were some rumors that Carrefour might leave the country.
 but so in two three years time
 I would say that Poland continues to be a very attractive market for some
 and probably for others, they will feel the pressure,
 particularly if they cannot adjust their format
 or they are not operating in the right format to really meet the needs of the Polish consumer.
 Thank you very much.
 I think that has proven that they have been evolving continuously with the consumer.
 In the case of ARA, it's true that we are recruiting consumers
 and trying to increase our number of tickets
 because we keep investing in our prices
 and we are really currently
 in terms of the products that we offer, which is a limited offer, as you know.
 But in terms of the products that we offer, we are very competitive, and that has been quite important in a much more price-sensitive consumer, considering the current context.
 that has been quite important
 in having new consumers in the stores
 buying our products and of course
 being able to increase
 the sales
 density of each store.
 and so I think that's probably
 what we expect
 We were not so sure when the pandemic kicked in,
 But what we are seeing now is the consumer reacting.
 the government apparently is not putting so restrictive measures to fight the pandemic
 I think that they are not really wanting the economy to be closed again
 that hamper significantly
 the socioeconomic context, and this being said,
 I think that we will be able to maintain our path of growth
 and resume our way to profitability.
 Thank you. Thanks a lot.
 Thank you, Kedrick.
 We're now taking our next question from the line of Xavier Lehman at Bank of America
 Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my question, too, if I may.
 The first one, actually, on Portugal, we've seen the profitability still, of course, below where we were in 2019, but in 2020, sorry, in 2019.
 but should we expect actually the profitability
 ability to go back to where it was before or do you think that you will exit you know the pandemic
 with potentially more costs
 and potentially a lower self-intensity,
 which potentially means that it will take a bit more longer
 to get back to where you were
 in terms of profitability in Portugal.
 So that would be my first question.
 And second, a follow-up on Colombia again,
 So, back to James, your question about the cell density.
 So you mentioned that you reach already the test density,
 potentially in Colombia to hopefully get to break even soon.
 But do you need also to increase your network?
 so do you need more stores to potentially increase the profitability going forward and linked to that
 do you think that actually making potential an acquisition in colombia could significantly step
 up you know your footprint and then your overall profitability so it's also a question of of tool
 density overall or back to the initial point you just have density per store
 Thank you, Javier.
 so on
 on the profitability for Portugal.
 So what we believe really is when things are, I wouldn't say probably back to normal,
 but in terms of the circulation of people
 This is paramount, so traffic and all the consequences that go with it for both Ping 2 and Recheio are quite important.
 So Forkshay, as you can imagine, having the restaurants, the hotels,
 So the lack of tourists was really, or hit very significantly the company's performance at top level,
 but also affected ping-dos because they have restaurants, they have coffee corners.
 So while there will be restrictions in terms of the circulation of people,
 I think that we will see some pressure on sales
 and hence on the profitability of the chain.
 But this being said, what we believe is that things will improve
 and the companies have been working not only on their offer
 or on the way that they are organized
 to make sure that they get back to the levels of profitability that they had before.
 We think that that is possible.
 at least in Portugal.
 It will take some time, particularly in Rechei, more than in Pingdos,
 because of that dependence on the Eureka channel.
 but this being said
 we think that this is still a possibility.
 So to get to the levels of profitability that we have,
 and it's what we are trying to build as fast as possible.
 But again, top line will be paramount for this.
 we can do
 and we are doing everything that we can at the cost level
 with more efficiency, with working on the logistics,
 on the supply chain, on the different ways that we work.
 But the top line is going to be very, or definitely, the key driver of profitability.
 So in Colombia, it's really, the way that we see it, yes, we think that we should have more stores to grab the potential,
 but we also think it's possible to reach break-even with the stores that we have if we have the right sales density.
 So we don't need an acquisition to really leverage the current store network.
 And so we think that we can reach break-even events with the current footprint that we have.
 Thank you.
 Go ahead, Paul.
 We're now taking our next question from the line of Maria Laura Adurno and Morgan Stanley.
 Thank you very much for taking my questions.
 With respect to HEBIC, what is the percentage of sales that is generated in-store versus
 is what is generated online.
 And the second question that I had coming back to the Colombian market, there's been
 also some shifts in dynamic over there
 with some players which are weakened financially.
 is your strategy still to very much grow
 organically in that country
 And then more broadly, you had previously mentioned interest in potentially expanding into other countries in Eastern Europe.
 and just wondering where your thoughts are on this front.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Maria or Laura.
 So, on Hebe, the online sales accounted for 14% of our turnover in the first half, and
 think it will continue to be relevant, although we know that it also is influenced by the
 lockdown and the closure of the shopping centers.
 So I think that...
 Apologies, yes.
 Sorry, is it 14% or 4-0%, sorry?
 No, 14, 14, 1, 4.
 So still, the stores are quite relevant.
 It's 1-4, okay?
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 And then...
 And then on the Colombian market, our first priority, of course, and we never hide that,
 and we never hide that.
 to grow organically, to have
 the right spots and the right
 store format that that that we can operate under our business model so
 So basically, and as I already said, we think and we are betting in really becoming more relevant.
 the fact that
 I think that it is up to the company to continue to be as competitive as possible to attract
 the consumers and to be relevant to the consumers.
 And that, of course, if that will affect some of the players, I think that's the main issue
 was really the pandemic at a certain point but for us what is really paramount at this stage is to
 maintain that relevance to the consumer, to be by the side of our clients that really
 saw their their income decrease over the pandemic uh and the main priority is
 is to continue to grow organically on that market.
 In Eastern Europe, we continue to monitor the markets.
 We don't hide that we are doing that.
 And if we see a growth opportunity, of course, we will look at it.
 we don't hide
 but we don't comment on or give any details at this stage.
 Thank you very much.
 Yeah, Laura.
 Thank you.
 There are no other questions on the line, please continue.
 So thank you all for your questions
 and for attending this conference call.
 In H1, and particularly in Q2, we maintained a strong cash generation leverage by Biadronka's performance
 and by the progression of the remaining businesses
 that were able to overcome the challenges in their respective markets.
 Conscious that environment-wise, the way ahead can still be bumpy
 and that comps will start to be more demanding,
 we are confident that the flexibility of our business models
 will allow us to live up to our strategic priorities
 to grow sales, to protect profitability through efficiency,
 and to responsibly engage with our people, our consumers,
 our suppliers and remaining business partners, and the communities that we serve.
 Thank you again, and I wish you all a nice day.