 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining this call. As a reminder, the set of materials, including the release and a slide presentation, are available in our corporate website. From this quarter on, you will also have available in our website a fact sheet that adds a bit of color on our activities to the release. Our first half performance confirms the remarkable work done by all our teams in preparing themselves to deliver on their purpose and targets against a difficult and unstable pandemic context. Dynamic and competitive business models drove strong sales performance and improved value drivers in the first six months of the year. Consolidated sales were up by 6.3%, or 8.8%, at constant exchange rates, underpined by the performance of all our banners. Biadrunka grew throughout the period by successfully meeting consumer needs at all moments, innovating on its assortment, and crafting relevant campaigns to capture market opportunities. As a result, our Polish banner was able to reinforce the preference of consumers, both in the difficult first months of the year, when a new wave of COVID-19 infections hit Poland, and in Q2, when the pandemic context improved and consumers felt safer to visit the stores more often. The banner also benefited from an overall positive consumer demand and good weather in the second quarter. Pingdos and Recheio worked hard to continue mitigating the impact of the market constraints that still affect retail, and particularly the ORAC activities. After a strict lockdown in Portugal in the first quarter of the year, both banners returned to growth as the restrictions eased and the comparison with prior year became less demanding. ARA, that faced again in Q2 a challenging context, delivered consistently well throughout the period, proving its capacity to build a solid position in the Colombian market. Group EBTA grew ahead of sales by 12.6% or 15.5% at constant exchange rates. This very positive evolution reflected sound top-line growth, accreative margin mix management, and cost discipline. Operating in the market in a responsible and sustainable way is a priority for all our companies. In this respect, I would like to highlight just a couple of important developments. We are committed to building a stronger company in terms of our human capital, and we are mindful that the effects of the pandemic will likely continue. We have, therefore, increased the proportion of our employees with permanent contracts to 70% of the group workforce and further invested in employee support compared with the same period last year. Under our commitment to contribute to a forest-positive future, we have continued to take decisive steps, such as joining the Colombian government's voluntary agreement to fight deforestation, ensuring the plantation of over 58,000 trees under the Serra do Açor forest project in Portugal, and continue to publicly encourage the European Commission to adopt more ambitious measures to curb deforestation. These first six months were a good combination of strong short-term delivery and long-term vision. The delivery on the financial targets is clear. The strong operational performance that drove sales to reach 9.9 billion euros and a BTA to attain 715 million euros, together with strict working capital management, reinforced our cash position. Excluding capitalized operating leases, it was at 407 million euros by the end of June, already after the dividend payment of 181 million euros in May. A very brief update on the operating context before going into the detail of the performance. Just to remind you that Poland and Portugal were under lockdown in Q1 and started to relax restrictions in April, while in Colombia the second quarter had more restrictions in place than Q1, although not so severe as in the same period of 2020. I will focus this update on what changed in Q2, starting with Poland. In the second quarter, with the pandemic under control and the easing of restrictions, the environment gained some normality and circulation of people was significantly resumed. This context, together with positive consumer demand, favored consumption. Retail store traffic continued to be limited, with the number of people inside the stores being relaxed from one person per 15 square meters to one person per 10 square meters by the end of June. In Poland, food inflation increased from 0.6% average in Q1 to 1.6% in Q2. In Portugal, restrictions were also lifted or relaxed, depending on the risk level of the municipalities. Nonetheless, the limits to the number of people inside stores and restaurants, combined with limitations to the opening hours, continue to hamper the activity. Food inflation declined, having been muted in Q2. In Colombia, in the second quarter of the year, restrictions to manage the pandemic crisis became more frequent, particularly in April, though measures were less strict than in 2020. Social unrest in May also brought constraints to the normal functioning of the supply chain, having contributed to an increase in food inflation in the country. Looking now at the P&L for Q2, a couple of notes I would like to share with you. Top-line growth was strong at every banner, but growth rates were particularly high in the Portuguese and Colombian businesses that in Q2 20 were strongly impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak. With regard to gross margin, the positive margin mix, which was enhanced by an easier comp against Q2 20 when the unexpected beginning of the pandemic impacted the basket mix in the three countries, helped to mitigate the pressure of the retail tax implemented in Poland. A BTA margin increased by 60 basis points, driven by the recovery of the operational leverage in Pingzos and Recheio and the delivery of the cost restructuring done in Colombia in 2020. Below operational performance, net earnings evolution also benefited from a favorable movement in the other profits and losses heading. I remind you that in Q2 20, this heading was at minus 16 million euros, mainly due to the closure of the pharma business in Poland and following the effects of the pandemic, the booking of provisions for Recheio trade receivables and Habes stocks. The healthy profile of our first half P&L with sales increasing by 6.3% and a BTA growing by 12.6% reflects the quality of Beadronka's business model and execution that were able to offset the pressure of the retail tax, the successful work of Pingdos and Recheio in fighting against the impact of the restrictive measures and the lack of tourists to recover sales and a BTA, the consistent good performance of ARA that also benefited from an improved cost base. The net financial cost declined from 96 million euros in H-120 to 74 million euros in H-121. Remember that in the 2020 figures included a foreign exchange loss of 14 million euros that in H-121 was positive in 3 million euros. Cash flow generated in H-121 reached 82 million euros driven by stronger BTA and better working capital flows than in 2020. With regard to working capital in H-120, funds generated were negatively impacted by the lower growth and an adverse calendar effect. The strength of the balance sheet is intact, even further reinforced by the cash flow generation capacity of the different businesses. The CAPEX reached 200 million euros with all banners delivering on expansion as planned. Biadronka added 53 locations from a plan 100 for the year, 39 on a net basis. ARA, that plans to open more than 100 stores in the full year, has opened 41 in H-1. With regard to refurbishment, Biadronka, which runs the biggest program in the group, has remodeled 153 stores as part of its plan to revamp up to 300 in the year. We will see an increase in CAPEX in H-1 as more stores will be open and logistics developments will be accounted for. Moving now into the details of the operating performance, starting with sales. Sales growth was the driver of the strong performance registered in the first six months of the year. Reflecting the quality of our banners value proposition, like-for-like in H-1 reached 6.6%. Currency devaluation that impacted H-1 performance was softer in Q-2. When splitting sales performance between Q-1 and Q-2, we see that Q-2 was boosted by growth in Portugal and Colombia, both of the countries severely hit in Q-220 by the COVID-19 outbreak. We also see the impressive ability of Biadronka to keep reinforcing the preference of Polish consumers quarter on quarter. Biadronka sales increased by 9.8% in Zloty and 6.8% in Euros to reach 7 billion Euros. Like-for-like accelerated in Q-2 as a result of Biadronka's ability to continuously adjust to market circumstances, having also benefited from a combination of variables that in Q-1 were quite favourable. Reopening of the economy with good control over the pandemic situation, positive consumer demand, and good weather in May, June, providing extra opportunities. In this overall positive context, on top of a strong price positioning and an evolving offer, the banner built strong and innovative campaigns to maximise sales opportunities and strengthen consumer preference. Habit sales increased by 10.4% in local currency, 7.3% in Euros. Excluding the pharma business, which was discontinued in July 2020, top line was up by 23.4% and like-for-like was at 17.7%, also including online sales. E-commerce continues developing well and represented 14% of the banner sales in the period. Herbe is already running tests through its e-commerce platform to conclude on the potential of new markets outside Poland. Pingdose's sales reached 1.9 billion Euros, a growth of 4.6% over H-120. The base of comparison became less demanding from March onwards, and the company grew strongly in Q2 with like-for-like excluding fuel at 7.3% despite all headwinds, restrictions still in place, low circulation of people and constraints imposed on restaurants and coffee shops activities. Pingdose reinforced its commercial dynamic and maintained the quality offer for which it is recognised, driving volume growth, and a good financial performance despite basket deflation across the period. With the lack of tourists and severe restrictions on the ORECA channel, particularly in Q1, Recheio fought hard to offset the losses on top line until March. In Q2, the banner delivered a like-for-like growth of 21.1%, benefiting from the reopening of the restaurants and coffee shops against a period of lockdown in 2020, and managed to end the half-year with flat growth on sales. In Colombia, ADA performed consistently well despite the market conditions that were more challenging in Q2. Sales in local currency grew 20.9%. In Euroterms, sales increased by 11.9%. The like-for-like swing between Q1 and Q2 reflects the comparison with 2020 when the impacts of the pandemic hit the performance as from April. Group EBTA reached 715 million euros, 12.6% ahead of the previous period, at constant exchange rates, a 15.5% increase. This sound performance was driven by strong top-line growth and all its benefits on operational leverage, enhanced by the efficiency programs ran in all companies and also lower COVID-19 related costs. EBTA margins for the group in the first half increased from 6.8% to 7.2%, driven by the excellent work done by Beadronka to grow like-for-like, improve margin mix, maintain cost discipline, and increase efficiency. The banner delivered on all fronts and was also able to contain the negative impacts of the new retail tax. The hard work of Ping Doce and Rechei to recover sales under difficult market conditions paid off in improved margins due to operational leverage. ARA's good sales performance, which together with an optimized cost structure, allowed for a significant improvement at EBTA level. The first six months' performance confirms that our banners are delivering well as a result both of their dynamic business models and competitive value propositions, which are recognized by consumers and also of their proven resilience. All banners are prepared to continue delivering and generating cash flow. The strength of our balance sheet supports our capacity to further invest to reinforce our competitive positions. Despite ongoing uncertainty about the full impact of the pandemic on the economies where we operate, we enter H2 confident that our businesses are in good shape to deliver on their strategic priorities and continue growing while preserving profitability. I finalize by confirming the outlook for 2021 as disclosed on our 2020 FUBIO results presentation and reiterated in April. Thank you for your attention. Operator, I am now ready to take questions. Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 and wait for your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press the hash key. Once again, please press star 1 if you wish to ask a question. We are taking our first question from the line of Andrew Green at Exxon. Sorry, I was on mute. Good morning. How are we doing? Just a couple of quick questions. Firstly, obviously we had the turnover tax introduced in Poland. I'm just wondering, is it your sense that that now has been pretty much fully passed through to the consumer? And the second one is a sort of bit of a boilerplate question at the moment, but really around the cost outlook. We're obviously seeing very high levels of cost inflation washing around. We've seen some pressure on suppliers and just wondering how you're seeing cost inflation at present and what you would anticipate in the second half of the year. Thank you very much. Thank you, Andrew. So on the turnover tax in Poland, in our case, I think that we cannot conclude that we are passing that to the consumers. As I've always said, taxes have systemic effects on the whole economy. I believe that probably some players will have to pass it directly for the consumers. But what the performance of Biedronka shows, and I can tell you that the company operated in deflation during this period of around 1%. So what that shows is that we maintain competitiveness, and that is not shown. So the passing of the retail tax did not affect our consumers, or this is not what passes from the performance. Nonetheless, I think what the company did or was able to do in preparing itself, not only from the cost point of view, but in managing its sales and margin mix, introducing a lot of innovation in the offer, and putting relevant promotions in place to really have the operational average kicking in and compensating for the retail tax was really quite remarkable in my opinion. As for the cost outlook, we don't hide. I think that we even anticipated and we always flagged that there would be inflation, particularly on the personal heading and also on energy. We are now also having some pressure seen in the market from raw materials inflation, and this, of course, may affect not only the different, the cost of the product sold, but also the cost of the materials for the refurbishments, et cetera. So this is different pressures on different levels. But that's what our companies are doing is really to try to accommodate in terms of efficiency to compensate for that and to, as we said, maintain profitability. Of course, the best way to protect profitability is getting sales, and so competitiveness at price level and the quality of the offer will continue to be paramount to compensate and to continue to deliver profitability. But as I said, this is what we expect in all our businesses for the year. So just for Poland, are you able to quantify loosely where cost of inflation is? Just to give us a sense of sort of the differential that you're running. So what I said is deflation is, or inflation in this case, is mainly on personal costs at this point and on energy. what we feel is some pressure also on the cost of goods sold, but as I said, what we are going to do is making sure that we maintain quite competitive to compensate for that on the operational average. Okay, perfect. All very clear as always. Thank you. Thank you, Andrew. We're now taking our next question from the line of Rob Joyce at Goldman Sachs. Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just three. Just to follow on there from your last point on, just to clarify on the Polish margin from here. We still think the sort of despite all those different cost pressures you mentioned and the retail Sachs, we still think a broadly flat margin is a good target for this year on I think a pre-IFRS basis, so probably slightly down on IFRS. That's the first one. Second one, just on ARA, just trying to piece together all the different bits of information there. But how do you feel? Are the trading conditions now in this third quarter and going forward, are they more favourable than you'd say in aggregate versus the second quarter? Or are we looking at a third quarter which is going to be incrementally more challenging? And then the final one is, you know, you mentioned quite a few times and clearly from the numbers the balance sheet is in a very strong position. How do we look at your sort of preferred use of cash? Should we be looking at special dividends and are you still looking at acquisition opportunities and can you maybe give us a little bit more detail if you are as to where they are and what type of assets they might be? Thank you. Good morning, Rob. So as for the Polish margins, what we always said, so I think it's possible, continues to be quite challenging, but we think it's possible. What we do really is making sure that we invest properly in order to maintain the competitiveness. As I've already stated, this is really what is paramount, is guaranteeing that growth compensates for any pressure on the cost. So on saying that, we think it's possible to maintain it despite being challenged, but as it has shown until the first half, the company was able to deliver this. On ARA, I think that's, we mentioned, there are two, of course, we don't hide, and although that doesn't take any merit from the team's work, but we don't hide that last year with the full lockdown that affected the country for more than six months, we are having now a more favorable comparison base, so a less demanding comparison base. And as you know, the like-for-like, both in the second and in the third quarter, were quite low last year against what we expected due to that full lockdown. So I would say that for Q3, we still expect to be somehow benefiting from that. This being said, the most important in ARA's performance is not only the fact that they have really maintained, despite all the social unrest, and even the pressure on inflation, the company has a very important gap to price inflation, so we are now having a gap of more than five percentage points. And so competitiveness has increased in ARA, and that has been quite important in capturing new consumers. And that together with the cost structure that has been optimized due to the restructuring that took place in the second house last year, I think it will definitely be very important on the performance for the full year. So I think that the company will be able, as I flagged, to deliver a very good performance. We are not seeing the same kind of restrictions that we saw last year, so we think also that our expansion will not be hampered, and in this case, so I think that this will be more, not so many headwinds as in last year, and a much more prepared company to deal with the pandemic constraints, and with the fact that the economy in Colombia is suffering from the pandemic, definitely. Annalisa, on Colombia, sorry, can I quickly interrupt? Is it, just sorry to interrupt, but is it now, are we in a position now we can start thinking about what the longer term margin structure might look like in Colombia? You know, are we able to start thinking about getting back to giving some guidance maybe on where we can get to, comparing maybe with the beer dronka margin we see? I think, Rob, it's a little bit too early to give that guidance. Long run, of course, our ambition is always to get that, and so we are working really to have a sales density that may allow us to really have a great operational leverage and be able to deliver the same margins as beer dronka. That will be always the ambition, but for now it's still too early to give guidance on that. On the balance sheet, so the preferred use of cash is to finance growth. We think this is the relevance and growth being the basis not only of the profitability for the company but even for the purpose of the company. So we think that we always said that being relevant or maintaining the relevance for our employees, our consumers, our business partners and the communities that we serve, the best way to do it is through growing sales and being relevant really for all of them. So to finance growth is our best opportunity and alternative. This being said, any, of course, if the growth opportunities will not be totally taking advantage of our financial position, we never rule out an exceptional dividend but that would be, of course, a board decision depending on the extra opportunities that may appear and the ones that we find value and creative. And are you seeing those growth opportunities to spend at the moment? I think that the pandemic also brought some opportunities but we will not comment on any of those. Okay. Thank you very much. Rob. We're now taking our next question from the line of Jose Rito at CaixaBank. Yes, hi. Good morning to all. So the first question on Biadronka. So we witnessed a strong acceleration on like-for-like performance in Key2. Can you elaborate a little bit what has been the main driver for this? You mentioned the weather. What other drivers could explain this strong performance in Key2 and if this momentum could be possibly extrapolated into the coming quarters at least in terms of volumes I mean. Second question on the gross margin we saw a catch-up on the gross margin at the consolidated level in Key2 versus what was Key1. I suppose this has been driven by all regions but I would like to have some additional details if possible. And final question on Rusten Bueno in Colombia any insight of what should be the end game for this player? Thank you. Thank you. So on Diadronca this acceleration of course I think I mentioned that even in my introduction so it's not just the weather of course we think that the weather has this or induces a positive sentiment also on the consumer but we saw a consumer favorable demand in this second quarter definitely compared with the second quarter of 2020 so and as consumer confidence is at a higher level and the consumer is still reacting quite significantly to all our actions this being said I think that the main driver really was all the dynamic that the company puts in place not only launching quite successful new products so a lot of innovation also on the assortment to really capture this more positive or more favorable consumer demand and also more relevant promotional campaigns so we did increase our level of promotions by more than two percentage points versus last year and so this acceleration is definitely a mix of the consumer more or the reaction of the consumer but also definitely of the dynamic and the commercial campaigns that were put in place by the company in terms if this is going to be maintained of course it's true that all the comparables and particularly in Biadronka for the next two couple of courses will be more difficult or more demanding we don't hide that but this being said we think that at this point we don't see any reason for the consumer it's true that also depends on the pandemic and on its evolution with the new variants but we don't see at this point a consumer that is tending to be less positive we still have some challenges also namely not only we don't have only the inflation we also have deflation and we are seeing that in a quite significant part of our assortment namely fresh so in fruits and vegetables and in meat but we also have the positive effect of inflation in the salaries so people have more available income and that helps also in the top line so for the next quarters we continue to be quite positive despite some headwinds also on the gross margin so this was driven basically so the only business that didn't grow gross margin versus last year was Biadronka but that was already expected considering that they had the pressure from the retail tax but all the other businesses were able really to post an increase in its gross margin and contributing for the performance and for the number that you see at the consolidated level as to what we know and it's public is that we are in a restructuring process so in some financial distress but we don't comment on any of the situation of our competitors and so no novelty on that front from our part but has this player been more let's say soft from a competition point of view I don't think so because the environment is quite tough in Colombia what we think really that drives the performance of ARA is really the fact that it has attracted more consumers because it's really providing a very competitive offer and it's really trying to stop inflation which is heavily hitting inflation as you can imagine with the way that the households were affected by the pandemic in terms of income it's quite paramount to maintain competitiveness and I think that ARA is really managed in a very balanced way the prices to really become much more relevant to the consumer so it's being able to attract more consumers to the stores I think it's more than the others situation is really ARA's merit the fact that they are being able to increase sales versus other competitors okay understood thank you we're now taking our next question from the line of James Chrisnich at Jeffries good morning Ana Luisa I have a couple really the first one sorry to press you following on from Rob's question on Columbia if you can provide us any more context I mean obviously Columbia is still very very loss making level so first I wanted to clarify is it just a matter of building sales densities that resolves that are you happy with the sales mix how important is the overall scale build to really getting a proper return on that investment in Columbia and I don't expect you to share views on timing but I presume the board has a very clear view of what it wants EBIT to look like in Columbia given that there's still a lot of incremental investment going into the business so that was really the first one and the second one can you perhaps update us on where you are in terms of relative price competitiveness in Poland at the end of Q2 thank you thank you James so in Columbia it's true that it's loss making and we expect really and of course we had some head wins that avoided or make it more challenge to attain our objective which was presented positive EBTA pre IFRS 16 this year or next year but I think it's still possible so it's loss making but as you probably saw from the numbers there is really a very big improvement done by ARA that I would say the first one of the reasons is of course a different cost base but the most important is as you said I think that what we are doing is really building a sales density that we expect and so the board expects and believes really in the ability of the company to grab the opportunity because we see it intact in proximity and in the market and so the idea really is that the operational average can kick in and with that of course asset turnover will be much higher and even if margins may not be the same as Beadronka although the ambition is that they could be we will be having a quite important return on invested capital so the idea really is to reach that of course and we are working to have it as fast as possible it's true that it was very challenging to start the business from scratch we knew that that would be challenging but I think that everyone now believes that ARA is really reinforcing its position in the Colombian markets we have now the suppliers really willing to bet on us and to grow with us and it has been quite paramount to also build the gross margins and it will be very important in having a profitable company in the future in terms of where we are in price gap so no big difference at this point so Biadronka continues to maintain a gap not only for the hypermarkets which is higher than 10% but also for the other discounters we think that on food that is really paramount to maintain the competitiveness and we are willing to invest to grab sales and not lose competitiveness in the Polish market Can I just ask a follow up on Colombia on that asset term is that sort of 20% I guess 20% to your stack the clean picture the sort of asset term you really need to build sales densities at the appropriate level do we need to go significantly higher than that overall I think we are almost there now I think that we have still and we have been building also on the margin of course so I think that on the asset turnover we are on track on the margins there was some as I said some setbacks because of course of all the situations but we are picking up on that of course that's clear thank you bye thank you Jane we are now taking our next question from the line of Joao Pinto at JB Capital hi good morning everyone thanks for taking my questions regarding the growth margin growth this quarter you said that part of this was given by an easier comparable regarding sales mix for the second part of the year do you expect pressures on gross margin to remain low like in the second quarter or they should increase as the comparable where it is not as easy my second question I assume that the OPEX to sales ratio has not fallen as much as it did in the first quarter in Poland even the gross margin did not fall as much and the bit margin was stable can you give us some color the decline in OPEX to sales decelerated from the first quarter to the second quarter and that's all thank you so on gross margins of course it will be more demanding we don't hide that because as we said the gross margins in Q2 2020 was highly pressured as even on the uncertainty and instability so the companies invested to really keep and grab sales that were being under pressure all over so that really affected this being said the companies what they are doing is really to maintain the level of dynamism and new campaigns and even adjusting the offer to have the best sales and margin mix to be able to offset the further pressure that they may feel on the OPEX decline of course in Poland as you remember last year not only we had more COVID costs related so that has been much softer in this quarter I would say that for the remaining quarters we will also I think that the COVID costs are already incorporated in most of our contracts from cleaning to safety and all of that but this being said overall for the full year what we really expect is that the operational leverage will play a role and so relevant sales will be able to continue diluting costs that's great but thank you we're now taking our next question from the line of Cedric LeCasbel at Stifo yes thank you for taking my questions actually I have two the first one is on the way you manage your basket inflation we see an increasing gap in Colombia between food inflation and your basket inflation still quite a material gap in Poland so the question on Poland is really how do you manage your basket inflation how do you arbitrate between profitability and market share could you update us on your market share evolution and down the road the biggest question is how do you think your profitability in Poland will be like two years from now or midterm versus pre retail tax profitability do you see some players suffering do you see some players that are pushing prices up giving you another advantage how do you see things after all this settles down in one year or three years and the follow up question on Colombia which is more or less linked to this one is are you trying to recruit customers in Colombia over the next let's say 12 24 months would you continue to put pressure on your prices to recruit more clients improve sales density and should we have like a kind of muted profitability profile over the next two three years and suddenly an acceleration where you are where you want to be in terms of this identity thank you very much thank you Cedric so in terms of the basket inflation of course the basket inflation compares the same products as we are also introducing innovations and in some cases putting further promotions on some of the products it's quite difficult to manage but what we use really is that possibility to offset in terms of the sales mix to offset the deflation so it's really playing with novelties with different products with promotions and that brings a lot of relevance and compensates of course for the fact that in the same period in different periods with the same products being still investing on those products that of course we should not be in any way uncompetitive and so that is overall not only in Poland that happens in Portugal and in Colombia of course the consumer reaction is different because the consumer also confidence is also different in the three economies in terms in terms of trying to arbitrate between profitability and market share I think we never we were always very clear that the first priority would be sales and of course that if probably that would translate in market share but the idea and we think it's possible with all the initiatives that we are taking not only at the commercial level but also at the efficiency level on the cost to preserve the profitability so we don't want to increase our margins we really want to leverage on those to maintain the relevance at the top line because we think really what pays off is what we usually call the operational leverage is really by increasing sales we dilute costs and we maintain relevance with the consumer and so it's not really it can be a difficult balance as you can imagine particularly if the consumer does not react but that's the way we see it we think that growth is the main leverage in terms of profitability for the company so it's going to be or continue to be the priority sorry Cedric no no sorry thank you for your answer just two precisions the first one so down the road what you would be targeting would be like similar profitability as in the past before so absorbing the introduction of the retail tax but with all these measures and keeping profitability more or less where it was before the introduction of the retail tax and could you please if you have any data on market share you know the most recent data in Poland update us on market share evolution okay so on that Cedric so we keep of course and we are the companies working to as we said preserve profitability in terms of margin but as I said if we are able to buy investing more to have a higher asset turnover so a return on invested capital is even higher that is the priority is really on the top line as I said in terms of market share year on year via dronka until may which is the last numbers that we have has increased its market share by 1.7 percentage point so May 2020 year to date to year to date May 2021 on the profitability in Poland so it's not a secret that the market is changing and you know that some players are leaving the market other players are going in usually on a more hard discount kind of type on the more proximity so you continue to see all players that decided to stay in the country to increase their networks and their footprint in Poland to grab the growth opportunity in the market so I think that we still expect a lot of pressure but you have it's true you have Tesco we don't know recently there were some rumors that Carrefour might leave the country but so in two three years time I would say that Poland continues to be a very attractive market for some and probably for others they will feel the pressure particularly if they cannot adjust their format or they are not operating in the right format to really meet the needs of the Polish consumer thank you very much and then I think that has proven that they have been evolving continuously with the consumer in the case of ARA it's true that we are recruiting consumers and trying to increase our number of tickets because we keep investing in our prices and we are really currently in terms of the products that we offer which is a limited offer as you know but in terms of the products that we offer we are very competitive and that has been quite important in a much more price sensitive consumer considering the current context that has been quite important in having new consumers in the stores buying our products and of course being able to increase the sales density of each store and so I think that probably what we expect we were not so sure when the pandemic kicked in but what we are seeing now is the consumer reacting the government apparently is not putting so restrictive measures to fight the pandemic I think that they are not really wanting to the economy to be closed again because that hamper significantly the socioeconomic context and this being said I think that we will be able to maintain our path of growth and resume our way to profitability we're now taking our next question from the line of Xavier Lehman at Bank of America yes good morning thank you for taking my question too if I may the first one actually on Portugal we've seen the profitability below where we were in 2019 but in 2020 sorry in 2019 but should we expect actually the profitability to go back to where it was before or do you think that you will exit the pandemic with potentially more costs and potentially a lower self-density which potentially means it will take a bit more longer to get back to where you were in terms of profitability in Portugal that would be my first question and second a follow-up on Colombia again so back to James your question about the self-density so you mentioned that you reached already the self-density potentially in Colombia to hopefully get to break-even soon but do you need also to increase your network so do you need more stores to potentially increase the profitability going forward and linked to that do you think that actually making potentially an acquisition in Colombia could significantly step up your footprint and then your overall profitability so it's also a question of store density overall or back to the initial point it just says density per store thank you Javier so on on the profitability for Portugal so what we believe really is when things are I wouldn't say probably back to normal but in terms of the circulation of people this is paramount so traffic and and all the consequences that go with it for both Ping Dos and Recheio are quite important so for Recheio as you can imagine having the restaurants the hotels so the lack of tourists was really or hit very significantly the company's performance at top level but also affected Ping Dos because they have restaurants they have coffee corners so while there will be restrictions in terms of the circulation of people I think that we will see some pressure on sales and hence on the profitability of the chain but this being said what we believe is that things will improve and the companies have been working not only on their offer or on the way that they are organized to make sure that they get back to the levels of profitability that they had before we think that that is possible and it will take some time particularly in more than in Ping Dos because of that dependence on the ORECA channel but this being said we think that this is still a possibility so to get to the levels of profitability that we had and it's what we are trying to build as fast as possible but again top line will be paramount for this we can do and we are doing everything that we can at the cost level with more efficiency with working on the logistics on the supply chain on the different ways that we work but top line is going to be very or definitely the key driver of possibility so in Colombia it's really the way that we see it yes we think that we should have more stores to grab the potential but we also think it's possible to reach break even with the stores that we have if we have the right sales density so we don't need an acquisition to really leverage the current store network and so we think that we can reach break even even with the current footprint that we have thank you that's very helpful we're now taking our next question from the line of Maria Laura Adorno and Morgan Stanley thank you very much for taking my questions with respect to HBIC what is the percentage of sales that is generated in store versus what is generated online and the second question that I had coming back to the Colombian market there's been also some shifts in dynamic over there with some players which are weakened financially is your strategy still to very much grow organically in that country and then more broadly you had previously mentioned interest in potentially expanding into other countries in Eastern Europe and just wondering where your thoughts are on this front thank you very much so on the online sales accounted for 14% of our turnover in the first half and we think it will continue to be relevant although we know that it also is influenced by the lockdown and the closure of the shopping centers so sorry is it 14 or 4-0 percent sorry no 14 14 1-4 so still the stores are quite relevant it's 1-4 okay thank you okay and then so on the Colombian market our first priority of course and we never hide that is to grow organically to have the right spots and the right store formats that we can operate under our business model so basically and as I already said it is we think and we are betting in really becoming more relevant the fact that I think that it is up to the company to continue to be as competitive as possible to attract the consumers and to be relevant to the consumers and that of course if that will affect some of the players I think that the main issue was really the pandemic at a certain point but for us what is really paramount at this stage is to maintain that relevance to the consumer to be by the side of our clients that really saw their income decrease over the pandemic and the main priority is to continue to grow organically on that market in Eastern Europe we continue to monitor the markets we don't hide that we are doing that and if we see a growth opportunity of course we will look at it we don't hide but we don't comment on or give any details at this stage thank you very much thank you there are no other questions on the line please continue so thank you all for your questions and for attending this conference call in H1 and particularly in Q2 we maintain the strong cash generation leverage by the performance and by the progression of the remaining businesses that were able to overcome the challenges in their respective markets conscious that environment wise the way ahead can still be bumpy and that comps will start to be more demanding we are confident that the flexibility of our business models will allow us to live up to our strategic priorities to grow sales to protect profitability through efficiency and to responsibly engage with our people our consumers our suppliers and remaining business partners and the communities that we serve thank you again and I wish you all a nice day and I can't see you