 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining this call.
 As a reminder, the set of materials, including the release and the slide presentation, are
 available on our corporate website.
 From this call to our on, you will also have available
 in our website, a fact sheet that adds a bit of color
 on our activities to the release.
 Our first half-performance confirms the remarkable work done by all our teams in preparing themselves
 to deliver on their purpose and targets against the difficult
 and unstable pandemic context.
 Dynamic and competitive business models
 drove strong sales performance
 and improved value drivers in the first six months of the year.
 Consolidated sales were up by 6.3% or 8.8% at constant exchange rates,
 and they're pined by the performance of all our banners.
 Biedronka grew throughout the period
 by successfully meeting consumer needs at all moments,
 innovating on it's assortment and crafting relevant campaigns to capture
 market opportunities.
 As a result, our Polish banner was able to reinforce the preference of consumers, both
 in the difficult first months of the year,
 when a new wave of COVID-19 infections hit Poland,
 and in Q2, when the pandemic context improved and consumers felt safer to visit the stores
 more often. The banner also benefited from an overall positive consumer demand and good
 weather in the second quarter.
 Pingdolls and Racheu worked hard to continue mitigating the impact of the market constraints
 that still affect retail, and particularly,
 Dioracket Activities.
 After a strict lockdown in Portugal in the first quarter of the year, both banners returned
 to growth as the restrictions eased and the comparison
 with prior year became less demanding.
 other that faced again in Q2 a challenging context,
 delivered consistently well throughout the period.
 proving its capacity to build a solid position
 in the Colombian market.
 Group ABTA grew ahead of sales by 12.6% or 15.5%
 at constant exchange rates.
 This very positive evolution reflected sound,
 top line growth.
 Recreative margin mix management and cost discipline.
 operating in the market in a responsible and sustainable way is a priority for all our
 companies.
 In this respect, I would like to highlight just a couple of important developments.
 we are committed to building a stronger company in terms of our human capital
 and we are mindful that the effects of the pandemic will likely continue.
 We have, therefore, increased the proportion of our employees
 with permanent contracts to 70% of the group workforce
 and further invested in employee support,
 compared with the same period last year.
 under our commitment to contribute
 to a forest positive future.
 We have continued to take decisive steps, such as joining the Colombian government's
 voluntary agreement to fight the forestation, ensuring the plantation of over 58,000 trees
 under the Serra do Açor Forest Project in Portugal
 and continue to publicly encourage the European Commission
 to adopt more ambitious measures to curb deforestation.
 These first six months were a good combination
 of strong short-term delivery and long-term vision.
 The delivery on the financial targets is clear.
 The strong operational performance that grows sales to reach 9.9 billion euros and a BTA
 to attain 715 million euros, together with strict working
 capital management reinforced our cash position, excluding capitalized operating
 leases, it was at 407 million euros by the end of June already after the dividend payment
 of 181 million euros in May.
 A very brief update on the operating context before going into the detail of the performance.
 to remind you that Poland and Portugal were under lockdown
 in Q1 and started to relax restrictions in April, while in Colombia, the second quarter
 had more restrictions in place than Q1,
 although not so severe as in the same period of 2020.
 I will focus this update on what changed in Q2. Starting with Poland. In the second quarter,
 With the pandemic under control and the easing of restrictions, the environment gains some
 normality and circulation of people were significantly resumed.
 context, together with positive consumer demand, favored consumption.
 retail store traffic continue to be limited with the number of people inside the stores
 being relaxed from one person per 15 square meters to one person per 10 square meters by
 the end of June.
 In Poland, food inflation increased from 0.6% average in Q1 to 1.6% in Q2.
 In Portugal, restrictions were also lifted or relaxed, depending on the risk level of
 of the municipalities.
 Nonetheless, the limit to the number of people inside stores and restaurants combined with
 limitations to the opening hours continue to hamper the activity.
 the inflation decline having been muted in Q2.
 in Colombia in the second quarter of the year,
 Restrictions to manage the pandemic crisis
 became more frequent, particularly in April.
 though measures were less strict than in 2020.
 Social unrest in May also brought constraints to the normal functioning of the supply chain,
 having contributed to an increase in food inflation in the country.
 Looking now at the PNL for Q2,
 a couple of notes I would like to share with you.
 Top line growth was strong at every banner, but growth rates were particularly high in
 the Portuguese and Colombian businesses that in Q2-20 were strongly impacted by the COVID
 With regard to gross margin, the positive margin mix, which was enhanced by an easier
 comp against Q2-20 when the unexpected beginning of the pandemic impacted the basket mix in
 in three countries.
 helped to mitigate the pressure
 of the retail tax implemented in Poland.
 a BTA margin, increased by 60 basis points, driven by the recovery of the operational
 leveraged in Pingzong Center Shayou and the delivery of the cost restructuring done in
 Colombia in 2020.
 Below operational performance,
 Net earnings evolution also benefited from a favorable movement in the other profits
 and losses heading.
 I remind you that in Q220, this heading was at minus 16 million euros, mainly due to the
 the closure of the pharma business in Poland.
 and following the effects of the pandemic,
 the booking of provisions for Hushayut trade receivables
 and heavy stocks.
 The healthy profile of our first half PNL, with sales increasing by 6.3% and a BTA growing
 by 12.6% reflects the quality of Biedronka's business model and execution that were able
 to offset the pressure of the retail tax,
 the successful work of Pingguos and Hsieh
 when fighting against the impact of the restrictive measures
 and the lack of tourists to recover sales and ABTA,
 the consistent, good performance of Aira,
 that also benefited from an improved cost base.
 The net financial cost declined from 96 million euros in H1-20 to 74 million euros in H1-21.
 Remember that in the 2020 figures included
 a foreign exchange loss,
 of 14 million euros that in H121 was positive in 3 million euros.
 Cash flow generated in H121 reached 82 million euros driven by stronger BTA and better working
 capital flows than in 2020. With regard to working capital in H120, funds generated were
 negatively impacted by the lower growth and an adverse calendar effect.
 The strength of the balance sheet is intact, even further reinforced by the cash flow generation
 capacity of the different businesses.
 The capex reach 200 million euros, with all banners delivering on expansion as planned.
 Viadronka added 53 locations from a plan 100th for the year, 39 on a net basis.
 ARRA, that plans to open more than 100 stores in the full year, has opened 41 in H1, with
 regard to refurbishments, Biedronka, which runs the biggest program in the group, has
 remodeled 153 stores as part of its plan
 to revamp up to 300 in the year.
 We will see an increase in capex in H1 as more stores will be open and logistics developments
 will be accounted for.
 Moving now into the details of the operating performance, starting with sales.
 Sales growth was the driver of the strong performance registered in the first six months of the year.
 Reflecting the quality of our Bano's value proposition,
 Like for like in H1, reach 6.6%.
 currency devaluation that impacted H1 performance
 with softer in Q2.
 When splitting sales performance between Q1 and Q2,
 We see that Q2 was boosted by growth in Portugal and Colombia.
 both of the countries severely hit in Q220
 by the COVID-19 outbreak.
 We also see the impressive ability of Biedronka
 to keep reinforcing the preference of Polish consumers
 Quarter on quarter.
 Biedronka sales increased by 9.8% in Zloty and 6.8% in Euros to reach 7 billion Euros.
 Like for like, accelerated in Q2 as a result of Biedronka's ability to continuously adjust
 to market circumstances, having also benefited
 from a combination of variables that in Q1 were quite favorable.
 reopening of the economy with good control over the pandemic
 situation.
 positive consumer demand, and good weather in May, June, providing extra opportunities.
 In this overall positive context, on top of a strong price positioning and an evolving
 offered.
 The banner builds strong and innovative campaigns to maximise sales opportunities and strengthen
 consumer preference.
 Habes sales increased by 10.4% in local currency, 7.3% in euros,
 excluding the pharma business, which was discontinued in July 2020, top line was up by 23.4% and
 like-for-like was at 17.7% also including online sales.
 e-commerce continues developing well
 and represented 14% of the banner sales in the period.
 is already running tests through its e-commerce platform
 to conclude on the potential of new markets outside Poland.
 Being those sales reached 1.9 billion euros,
 a growth of 4.6% over H120.
 The base of comparison became less demanding
 from March onwards, and the company grew strongly
 In Q2, we'd like for like excluding fuel at 7.3% despite all headwinds.
 Restriction still in place.
 low circulation of people and constraints imposed
 on restaurants and coffee shops activities.
 Think those, reinforce this commercial dynamic
 and maintain the quality offer for which it is recognized.
 driving volume growth and a good financial performance,
 despite basket deflation across the period.
 With the lack of tourists and severe restrictions on your record channel, particularly in Q1,
 Rashayu fought hard to offset the losses on top line until March.
 In Q2, the banner delivered a life-for-life growth of 21.1%, benefitting from the reopening
 of the restaurants and coffee shops against a period of lockdown in 2020 and managed to
 to end the half-year with flat growth on sales.
 In Colombia, ARRA performed consistently well, despite the market conditions that were more
 challenging in Q2. Sales in local currency grew 20.9 percent. In euro terms, sales increased
 by 11.9%.
 The like-for-like swing between Q1 and Q2 reflects the comparison with 20-20 when the
 The impacts of the pandemic keep the performance as from April.
 Group ABTA reached 715 million euros, 12.6% ahead of the previous period.
 At constant exchange rates, a 15.5% increase.
 This sound performance was driven by strong top-line growth
 and all its benefits on the operational leverage,
 enhanced by the efficiency program's rent in all companies
 and also lower COVID-19 related costs.
 A BTA margin for the group in the first house increased from 6.8% to 7.2%, driven by the
 the excellent work done by Biedronka to grow life for life,
 improve margin mix, maintain cost discipline
 and increase efficiency.
 The banner delivered on all fronts and was also able to contain the negative impact of
 the new retail tax.
 the hard work of Pink Dose and Hsieh to recover sales
 and their difficult market conditions.
 paid off in improved margins due to operational leverage.
 Add as good sales performance, which together with an optimized cost structure,
 allowed for significant improvement at the BTA level.
 The first six months' performance confirms that our banners are delivering well as a result
 both of their dynamic business models
 and competitive value propositions, which are recognized by consumers and also of their
 I've proven resilience.
 All banners are prepared to continue delivering and generating cash flow.
 The strength of our balance sheet supports our capacity to further invest, to reinforce
 our competitive positions.
 Despite ongoing uncertainty about the full impact of the pandemic on the economies where
 we operate, we enter H2 confident that our businesses are in good shape to deliver on
 their strategic priorities and continue growing while preserving profitability.
 I finalize by confirming the outlook for 2021 as disclosed on our 2020 full year results
 presentation and reiterated in April.
 Thank you for your attention.
 operator.
 ready to take questions.
 Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please press star one and wait for your name to be
 be announced, if you wish to cancel your request, please press the hash key.
 Once again, please press star 1 if you wish to ask a question.
 We are taking our first question from the line of Andrew Green at Exxon.
 Yeah, sorry, I was on mute.
 Yeah, good morning. How are you doing?
 Just a couple of quick questions.
 So firstly, obviously we had the turn of attacks
 introduced in Poland, so I'm just wondering, is it your sense that that now has been pretty
 much fully passed through to the consumer. And the second one is a sort of bit of a boilerplate
 question at the moment, but really around the cost outlook. We're obviously seeing very
 high levels of cost inflation.
 Washing around, we've seen some pressure on suppliers.
 I'm just wondering how you're seeing cost inflation
 presence and what you would anticipate in the second half year.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Andrew.
 So on the turnover tax in Poland.
 In our case, I think that we cannot conclude that we are passing that to the consumers.
 As I've always said, taxes have a systemic effect on the whole economy.
 I believe that probably some players will have to pass it
 directly for the consumers.
 but what the performance of Biedronka shows,
 and I can tell you that the company operated
 in deflation during this period of around 1%.
 So, what that shows is that we maintain competitiveness, and that is not shown, so the passing of the
 the retail tax did not affect our consumers, or this is not what passes from the performance.
 Nevertheless, I think what the company did or was able to do in preparing itself not
 not only from the cost point of view, but in managing its sales and margin mix, introducing
 a lot of innovation in the offer and putting relevant promotions in place to really have
 have the operational average kicking in and compensating for the retail tax was really
 quite remarkable in my opinion. As for the cost outlook, we don't hide. I think that
 I think that we even anticipate it and we always flag that there would be inflation,
 particularly on the personal having and also on energy.
 We are now also having some pressure seen in the market from raw materials inflation,
 And this, of course, may affect not only the different, the cost of the, of the product
 sold, but also the cost of the materials for the refurbishments, et cetera, so this is
 different pressures on different levels, but that's what our companies are doing is really
 to try to accommodate, in terms of efficiency, to compensate for that and to, as we said,
 maintain profitability.
 of course
 the best way to protect profitability is getting sales.
 And so competitiveness at price level.
 and the quality of the offer will continue to be paramount
 to compensate and to continue to deliver profitability.
 But as I said, this is what we expect in all our businesses
 for the year.
 So just for Poland, are you able to quantify loosely where cost inflation is?
 Just give it a sense of the difference where you're running.
 What I said is the inflation is, or inflation in this case, is mainly on personal costs
 at this point, and on energy.
 What we feel is some pressure, also on the cost of good salt.
 But as I said, what we are going to do
 is making sure that we maintain quite competitive
 to compensate for that on the operational average.
 OK, perfect. All very clear as always. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Andrew.
 We're now taking our next question from the line of Rob Joey said Goldman Sachs
 Okay, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just three, just to follow one from your last
 point on, but just to clarify on the Polish margin from here, we still think the sort
 despite all those different cost pressures you mentioned and the retail
 facts we still think a broadly flat margin is a good target for this year and I think
 a pre-IFRS basis, so probably slightly down on IFRS.
 That's the first one.
 Second one, just on ARA, just trying to piece together all the different bits of information
 there. But how do you feel? Are the trading conditions now in the third quarter and going
 forward, are they more favourable than you'd say an aggregate versus the second quarter
 or are we looking at a third quarter which is going to be incrementally more challenging.
 And then the final one is, you know, you mentioned quite a few times and clearly from the numbers
 the balance sheet is in a very strong position. How do we look at your sort of preferred
 use of cash.
 Should we be looking at special dividends?
 and are you still looking at acquisition opportunities
 can you maybe give us a little bit more detail if you are as to where they are and what type
 of assets they might be. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, Rob.
 So as for the Polish margins, what we always said, so I think it's possible, continues to be quite challenging,
 But we think it's possible.
 what we do really is making sure that we invest properly
 properly in order to maintain the competitiveness. As I've already stated, this is really what
 his paramount is guaranteeing that growth compensates
 for any pressure on the cost.
 So on saying that, we think it's possible to maintain it despite being challenged.
 but as it has shown until the first half,
 the company was able to deliver this.
 I think that we mentioned there are two of course we don't hide and although that
 doesn't take any merit from the team's work, but we don't hide that last year with the
 full lockdown that affected the country for more than six months, we are having now a
 a more favorable comparison base.
 So a less demanding comparison base.
 And as you know, the like-for-like both in the second
 Andy, the third quarter, were quite slow last year
 against what we expected due to that full lockdown.
 So I would say that for Q3, we still
 expect to be somehow benefitting from that.
 This being said, the most important in artist's performance
 is not only the fact that they have really maintained,
 despite all the social unrest.
 and even the pressure on inflation, the company has a very important gap to price inflation.
 So we are now having a gap of more than 5 percentage points.
 And so competitiveness has increased in other,
 And that has been quite important
 in capturing new consumers.
 and that together with the cost structure that has been optimized due to the restructuring
 that took place in the second half last year.
 I think it will definitely be very important
 on the performance for the full year.
 So I think that the company will be able, as I flag, to deliver a very good performance.
 We are not seeing the same kind of restrictions
 that we saw last year.
 So we think also that our expansion will not be hampered.
 And in this case, so I think that this will be more not so many headwinds as in last year
 and a much more prepared company
 to deal with the pandemic constraints.
 and with the fact that the economy in Colombia
 suffering from the pandemic.
 Annalisa, can I quickly interrupt?
 Sorry to interrupt, but are we in a position now
 Now we can start thinking about what the longer term margin structure might look like in Colombia.
 you know, are we able to start thinking about getting back to giving some guidance maybe on where we can get to
 comparing maybe with the beer drunk a margin we see I think I think well it's a
 a little bit too early to give that guidance.
 A long run, of course, our ambition is always to get that, and so we are working really
 to have a sales density that may allow us to really have a great operational leverage
 and be able to deliver the same margins as Bedronka.
 That will be always the ambition.
 But for now, it's still too early to give guidance on that.
 on the balance sheet.
 So, the preferred use of cash is to finance growth.
 We think this is the relevance and growth being the basis, not only of the possibility
 for the company, but even for the purpose of the company.
 the company.
 So we think that we always said that's being relevant
 or maintaining the relevance for our employees,
 our consumers, our business partners and the communities that we serve, the best way to
 do it is through growing sales and being relevant really for all of them.
 So to finance growth is our best opportunity and alternative.
 This being said, any, of course, if the growth opportunities will not be totally taking advantage
 of all our financial position.
 We never rule out an exceptional dividend,
 but that would be, of course, a board decision.
 depending on the extra opportunities
 that may appear and the ones that we find, value it creative.
 And are you seeing those growth opportunities to spend at the moment?
 I think that the pandemic also brought some opportunities.
 But we will not comment on any of those.
 Okay. Thank you very much.
 We are now taking our next question from the line of José Rito at Caixa-Dang.
 Yes.
 Hi.
 Good morning to all.
 The first question on be a drunker, so we witness a strong acceleration on light for
 live performance in Q2. Can you elaborate a little bit what has been the main driver
 for these, you mentioned the weather, what other drivers could explain this strong performance
 in Q2, and if this momentum could be possibly interpolated into the coming quarters, at least
 in terms of volumes.
 I mean, the second question on the gross margin, we saw a catch-up on the gross margin at the
 consolidated level in Q2 versus what was Q1.
 I suppose this has been driven by all regions.
 But I would like to have some additional details if possible.
 And final question on Justin Bueno in Colombia, any insights of what should be the end game
 for this player. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 This is celebration, of course.
 I think I mentioned that even in my introduction.
 So it's not just the weather, of course.
 We think that the weather has this or induces a positive sentiment also on the consumer.
 But we saw consumer favorable demands in the second quarter.
 definitely compared with the second quarter of 2020.
 So, and as consumer confidence is at a higher level,
 And the consumer is still reacting quite significantly
 to all our actions.
 This being said, I think that the main driver really was all the dynamic that the company puts in place
 not only launching quite successful new products,
 So a lot of innovation also on the assortments to really capture this more positive or more
 more favorable consumer demand and also more
 more relevant promotional campaigns.
 So we did increase our level of promotions by more than 2 percentage points versus last
 And so this acceleration is definitely a mix of the consumer more or the reaction of the
 the consumer, but also, definitely, of the dynamic and the
 commercial campaigns that were put in place by the company.
 in terms of if this is going to be maintained, of course, it's true that all the comparables
 and particularly in Biedronka for the next couple of quarters will be more difficult
 or more demanding, we don't hide that.
 But this being said, we think that we're at this point,
 we don't see any reason for the consumer.
 And it's true that also depends on the pandemic and on its evolution with the new variants.
 But we don't see at this point a consumer that is standing to be less positive.
 We still have some challenges also, namely, not only, we don't have only the inflation,
 We also have deflation, and we are seeing that in a quite
 significant part of our assortment, namely in Fresh.
 So in fruits and vegetables and in meat.
 ends but we also have the positive effect of inflation in the salaries so people have
 more available income and that helps also in the top line.
 So, for the next quarters, we continue to be quite positive despite some headwinds also.
 on the gross margin.
 So this was driven basically, so the only business
 that didn't grow, gross margin versus last year
 But that was already expected.
 it.
 drink that they had the retail, the pressure from the retail tax.
 but all the other businesses were able really
 to post an increase in its gross margins
 and contributing for the performance
 and for the number that you see at the consolidated level.
 as to who's the bueno, so what we know, and it's public,
 that we are in a restructuring process, so in some financial distress, but we don't comment
 on any of the situation of our competitors, and so no novelty on that front from our part.
 But has this player been more, let's say, soft from a competition point of view?
 I don't think so, because the environment is quite tough
 in Colombia, what we think, really,
 that drives the performance of Ada is really the fact
 that it has attracted more consumers because it's really
 providing, you know, a very competitive offer and, you know, it's really trying to stop
 inflation, which is heavily hitting the food inflation, as you can imagine, with the way
 that the households were affected by the by the
 by the pandemic in terms of income,
 It's quite paramount to maintain competitiveness.
 and I think that Ada is really managing
 the very balanced way.
 the price is to really become much more relevant to the consumer, so it's being able to attract
 more consumers to the stores.
 I think it's more than the other situation.
 is really others' merit, the fact that they are being able to increase sales versus other
 Okay, understood, thank you.
 We're now taking our next question from the line of James Griesenich at Jeffery's
 Good morning, Ana Luisa.
 I had a couple, really the first one, sorry to press you,
 following on from Rob's questions on Columbia.
 If you can't provide us any more context,
 I mean, obviously, Colombia is still very loss-making level.
 So first they wanted to clarify,
 Is it just a matter of building sales densities
 that resolves that?
 Are you happy with the sales mix?
 how important is the overall scale build to really getting a proper return on that investment in
 in Colombia.
 And I don't expect you to share views on timing,
 but I presume the board has a very clear view
 of what it wants EBIT to look like in Colombia,
 given that there's still a lot of incremental investment going into the business.
 So that was really the first one, and the second one.
 Can you perhaps update us on where you are
 in terms of relative price competitiveness in Poland at the end of Q2. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, James.
 So, in Colombia, it's true that it's loss-making and we expect really, and of course, we had
 some headwinds that avoid it or make it more
 challenge to attain our objective, which was presented a positive ABTA pre-IFR-16 this
 in this year or next year, but I think it's still possible.
 So it's loss making, but as you probably saw from the numbers, there is really a very
 big improvements done by Bayata.
 I would say one of the reasons is, of course, a different cost base, but the most important
 is that...
 As you said, I think that what we are doing
 is really building a sales density that we expect.
 And so the board expects and believes really in the,
 not only in the ability of the company to grab the opportunity,
 because we see it in text, in proximity,
 and in the market.
 And so the idea, really, is that the operational leverage can
 kicked in, and with that, of course, as the turnover will be much higher, and even if
 margins may not be the same as Bianconca, although the ambition is that they could be.
 we will be having a quite important return on invested capital.
 So the idea, really, is to reach that, of course.
 And we are working to have it as fast as possible.
 It's true that it was very challenging
 to start a business from scratch.
 we knew that that would be challenging.
 But I think that everyone now believes that Ada is really
 reinforcing its position in the Colombian markets.
 we have now the suppliers really willing to bet on us and to grow with us and this has
 been quite paramount to also build the gross margins.
 and it will be very important in having a profitable company
 in terms of where we are in price gap.
 So no big difference at this point.
 So, Viadron could continue to maintain a gap not only for the hypermarkets, which is higher
 than 10%, but also for the other discounters.
 we think that on food, that is really paramount
 to maintain the competitiveness.
 And we are willing to invest to grab sales and not
 of this competitiveness in the Polish market.
 Can you just ask a follow-up on Columbia?
 On that asset, is that sort of 20%, I guess, 20%
 we are stacked, the clean picture, the solar ball set,
 turn you really need to build self-danceties at the appropriate level, do we need to go
 or significantly higher than that.
 overall I think we we are almost there now I think that we have still and we
 we have been building also on the margin, of course.
 So I think that...
 On the asset turnover, we are on track, on the margins.
 There was some, as I said, some setbacks because, of course,
 of all the situations. But we are picking up on that, of course.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Jane.
 We are now taking our next question from the line of Joao Pinto at JB Capital.
 All right, good morning, everyone.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 Regarding the growth margin growth, this quarter, you said that part of this was even by an
 and easier comparable.
 regarding sales mix.
 For the second part of the year, do you expect pressures on gross margin to remain low, like
 in the second quarter, or they should increase as the comparable, but it's not as easy.
 My second...
 question.
 I
 I assume that the op-ed to sales ratio has not fallen as much as it did in the first quarter
 In Poland, even the cross margin did not fall as much and a bit the margin was stable.
 Can you give us some color in the declining OPEX to self
 We still are writing from the first quarter
 to the second quarter, and that's all.
 Thank you. So on on gross margins, of course, it will be more demanding. We don't hide that
 Because, as we said, the gross margins in Q2 2020 was highly pressured, even on the uncertainty
 and instability. So the companies invested to really keep and grab sales that were being
 and the pressure all over.
 So that's really effective.
 This being said, the companies, what they are doing is really to maintain the level
 of dynamism and new campaigns and even adjusting the offer to have the best sales and margin
 mix to be able to offset the further pressure that they may feel.
 On the OPEX decline, of course, in Poland, as you remember, last year, not only we had
 more COVID costs related.
 So that has been much softer in this quarter.
 I would say that for the remaining quarters, we will also, I think that this, the COVID
 are already incorporated in most of our contracts,
 from cleaning to safety and all of that.
 So, but this being said, overall for the full year,
 full year, what we really expect is that the operational
 leverage will play a role, and so relevant sales will be
 to be able to continue diluting costs.
 That's clear, but thank you
 usual
 We're now taking our next question from the line of Cedric Lecasse-Ball at Stiefel.
 Yes, thank you for taking my questions actually, I have two
 The first one is on the way you manage your basket inflation, which is an increasing gap
 in Colombia between food inflation and your basket inflation, still quite a material
 gap in Poland. So the question on Poland is really how do you manage your
 basket inflation, how do you arbitrate between, you know,
 profitability and market share. Could you update us on your market share evolution?
 And down to vote, the biggest picture question is, how do you think you're
 profitability in Poland will be like three years from now on midterm versus three retail
 tax profitability? Do you see some players suffering? Do you see some players that are
 pushing prices up, giving you another advantage.
 How do you see things, you know, after all this settles down
 and it does settle down in one year or two years.
 And the follow-up question on Columbia, which
 is more or less linked to this one,
 Here is, are you trying to recruit customers in Columbia
 over the next, let's say, 12, 24 months,
 Would you continue to put pressure on your prices
 to recruit more clients, improve sales entity,
 And should we have, like, a kind of muted,
 profitability profile over the next two, three years, and suddenly
 an acceleration where you are, where you are, where you want to be in terms of identity.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Cedric.
 So in terms of the basket inflation,
 Of course, the basket installation compares the same products
 as we are also introducing innovations
 And in some cases, putting further promotions
 on some of the products.
 It's quite difficult to manage, but what
 we use really is that possibility to offset, in terms of the cells mix, to offset the deflation.
 So it's really playing with novelties, with different
 products with promotions, and that brings a lot of relevance
 and compensates, of course, for the fact
 that in the same periods, in different periods,
 with the same product, being still investing
 on those products that, of course, we should not be in any way
 and competitive.
 And so that is overall, not only in Poland, that happens in Portugal and in Colombia,
 Of course, the consumer reaction is different because the consumer also, confidence is also
 different in the three economies.
 in terms of trying to arbitrate between profitability and market share
 I think we never...
 And we were always very clear that the first priority
 would be sales and of course that if probably that would translate in market
 share, but the idea and we think it's possible with all the initiatives that we are taking,
 not only at the commercial level, but also at the efficiency level on the cost to preserve
 the profitability so now we don't want to increase our margins we really want to leverage
 on those to maintain the relevance at the top line.
 Because we think, really, what pays off is what we usually
 called the operational leverage.
 is really by increasing sales with our loose cost.
 and we maintain relevance with the consumer.
 153.
 12
 Sorry
 And it can be a difficult balance, as you can imagine, particularly if the consumer
 doesn't...
 not react, but that's the way we see it.
 We think that growth is the main leverage
 in terms of profitability for the company.
 So it's going to be or continue to be the priority.
 Sorry, Cedric.
 No, no, sorry, Ana Luisa.
 Thank you for your answer.
 just two positions, the first one.
 So down to road, what you would be targeting would be
 like similar profitability as in the past before.
 So absorbing the introduction of the retail tax with all these measures and keeping profitability
 more or less where it was before the introduction of the retail tax.
 And could you please, if you have any data on market share, you know the most recent
 data in Poland, of data on market share evolution.
 OK, so on that, Cedric.
 So we keep, of course, and we are the companies working to,
 as we said, preserve profitability in terms of margin.
 But as I said, if we are able to buy investing more,
 to have a higher asset turnover.
 So a return on invested capital studies is even higher.
 And that is the priority, is really on the top line, as I said.
 in terms of market share.
 You're on year.
 be a dronka until May, which is the last number that we have,
 has increased its market share by 1.7 percentage points.
 So May 2020, year to date, May 2021.
 on the possibilities in Poland.
 So it's not the secret that the market is changing and you know that some players are leaving the market.
 other players are going in, usually on a more hard discount type,
 type on the more proximity.
 So you continue to see all players that decided to stay in the country to increase their networks
 and their footprint in Poland to grab the world's opportunity
 in the market.
 So I think that we still expect a lot of pressure,
 that you have, it's true.
 You have death pill.
 We don't know.
 recently there were some rumors that
 that might leave the country, but so in two, three years' time,
 I would say that Poland continues to be a very attractive market for some, and probably
 for others, they will feel the pressure, particularly if they cannot adjust their format
 or they are not operating in the right format to really meet the needs of the Polish consumer.
 Thank you very much and then we'll go.
 I think that Piedronka has proven that they have been evolving continuously with the consumer.
 the case of Lara.
 it's true that we are recruiting consumers
 and trying to increase our number of tickets, because we keep investing in our prices, and
 we are really currently...
 in terms of the products that we offer, which is a limited offer, as you know, but in terms
 of the projects that we offer.
 we are very competitive, and that has been quite important
 in a much more price sensitive consumer considering the current context
 that has been quite important in having new consumers in the stores buying our products
 And of course, being able to increase the cell density
 of each store. And so I think that's probably what we expect. We were not so sure when the
 pandemic kicked in but what we are seeing now is the consumer reacting the
 The government apparently is not putting so restrictive measures to fight the pandemic.
 And I think that they are not really wanting the economy to be closed again, because that's
 hamper significantly the uh...
 uh...
 to your economic context.
 And this being said, I think that we
 we will be able to maintain our passive growth
 and resume our way to profitability.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for being here.
 We're now taking our next question from the line of Xavier Limin at Bank of America.
 Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my question to if I may the first one actually on portugal
 We've seen the profitability is still below where we were in 2019, but in 2019, but should
 expect actually the profitability to go back to where it was before or do you think that you will
 will exit the pandemic with potentially more cost
 potentially a loss of density which potentially means that it will take a bit more longer to
 to get back to where you were in terms of profitability
 in Portugal.
 That would be my first question.
 and second to follow up on Columbia gain.
 So I'm back to James, your question about the cell density.
 So you mentioned that you rich already has density,
 potentially in Colombia to hopefully get to break even you know soon, but do you need
 also to increase your network.
 So do you need more stores to potentially increase the profitability going forward?
 And then to that, do you think that's actually making
 So potentially an acquisition in Colombia
 could significantly step up your footprint
 and then your overall profitability.
 So it's also a question of tool density overall,
 So back to the initial point, you just have to tip us to.
 Thank you, Javier.
 So on the possibility for Portugal.
 So what we believe really is when things are, are,
 I wouldn't say probably back to normal.
 But in terms of the circulation of people, this is paramount so traffic and all the consequences
 that go with it for both pink dots and Xay were quite important.
 So for Xay, as you can imagine, having the restaurants,
 the hotel, so the lack of tourists was really,
 or hits very significantly the company's performance
 performance at top level and but also affected being those because they have
 They have restaurants, they have coffee corners.
 So, while there will be restrictions in terms of the
 circulation of people.
 I think that we will see some pressure on sales.
 and hence on the possibility of the change.
 But this being said, what we believe is that things will improve.
 And the companies have been working not only on their offer
 or on the way that they are organized to make sure that they get back to the levels of possibility
 that they had before.
 we think that that is possible in everything in Portugal.
 So it will take some time, particularly in Hsieh, more than in Pingzos, because of that dependence
 on the Eureka channel, but this being said, we think that this is still a possibility.
 to get to the levels of possibility that we had it.
 and it's what we are trying to build as fast as possible.
 But again, top line will be paramount for this.
 we can do and we are doing everything that we can at the cost level with more efficiency
 with working on the logistics, on the supply chain,
 on the different ways that we work.
 but the top line is going to be very,
 or definitely the key driver of possibility.
 So in Colombia, it's really, the way that we see it, yes, we think that we should have
 more stores to grab the potential, but we also think it's possible to reach breakeven
 and with the stores that we have, if we have the right sales
 So we don't need an acquisition to really leverage the current store network.
 And so we think that we can reach breakeven events
 with the current footprint that we have.
 Thank you.
 We are now taking our next question from the line of Maria Laura Adorno and Morgan Stanley.
 Thank you very much for taking my questions.
 With respect to Hebeck, what is the percentage of sales that is generated in store versus
 what is generated online.
 And the second question that I had coming back to the Colombian market, there's been
 There's also some shifts in dynamic over there with some players which are weakened financially.
 It's your strategy still to very much grow organically in that country.
 And then more broadly, you had previously mentioned interest in potentially expanding
 into-
 other countries in Eastern Europe and just wondering where your thoughts are on this
 front. Thank you very much.
 You're right, Laura.
 So on Habe, the online sales accounted for 14 percent of our turnover in the first half,
 and we think it will continue to be relevant, although we know that it also is influenced
 by the lockdown and the closure of the shopping centers.
 So if you think that, apologies a lot.
 Sorry, is it 14 or four zero percent?
 Sorry.
 Now, 14, 14, 1, 4.
 So still, the stores are quite relevant.
 It's one-fourth.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 and then so on the Colombian market.
 Our first priority, of course, and we never hide that,
 is to grow organically, to have the right sports
 and the right store format that we can operate
 under our business model.
 So, basically, and as I already said, it is what we think and we are betting in really
 becoming more relevant, the fact that I think that it is up to the company to continue to
 be as competitive as possible to attract the consumers
 and to be relevant to the consumers.
 And that, of course, if that will affect some of the players,
 I think that the main issue was really the pandemic at a certain point.
 But for us, what is really paramount at this stage is to maintain that relevance to the
 consumer to be by the side of our clients that really saw their income decrease over the
 And the main priority is to grow, is to continue to grow organically on that market.
 In Eastern Europe, we continue to monitor the markets.
 We don't hide that we are doing that.
 And if we see a growth opportunity, of course, we will look at it.
 We don't hide, but we don't comment on or give any details
 at this stage.
 Thank you very much.
 You're welcome.
 There are no other questions on the line. Please continue.
 So, thank you all for your questions and for attending this conference call.
 In H1, and particularly in Q2, we maintain the strong cache generation leverage by the
 at Ronca's performance and by the progression of the remaining businesses that were able
 to overcome the challenges in their respective markets.
 Conscious that environment wise the way ahead can still be bumpy and that comps will start to be more demanding
 we are confident that the flexibility of our business models will allow us to live up to our strategic priorities.
 to grow sales, to protect profitability through efficiency, and to responsibly engage with
 with our people, our consumers, our suppliers, and remaining business partners, and the communities
 that we serve.
 Thank you again, and I wish you all a nice day.