 Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time to start Sony Group Corporation's FY21 3rd quarter earning announcement.
 I'm Okada, Corporate Communications.
 I will be serving as master ceremonies today.
 The session is being held for journalists, analysts, and institutional investors to whom we have sent out invitations in advance.
 This session will be live webcast through our Investors Relations website.
 First, we have with us Mr. Totoki, Executive Deputy President and CFO, to explain third quarter
 FI21 consolidated results
 and the forecast for consolidated
 fiscal 2021
 results. The duration
 is about
 to 70 minutes.
 Mr. Totoki, the floor is yours.
 Thank you.
 I will cover the topics written here today.
 FI21Q3 consolidated sales increased 13%
 compared to the same quarter of the previous fiscal year to 3 trillion 31.3 billion yen
 and consolidated operating income increased a significant 113.3 billion yen yield on year
 to 465.2 billion yen.
 Both were record highs for the third quarter.
 income before income taxes
 increased 77.8 billion
 yen year-on-year
 to 461.6 billion yen.
 Net income attributable to Sony Group Corporation shareholders increased 35.4 billion yen to 346.2 billion yen.
 Please see pages 3 to 6 of the presentation materials for a depiction of each profit metric adjusted to exclude one-time items.
 This slide shows the results by segment for FY21Q3.
 Next, I will show the consolidated results forecast for FY21.
 consolidate themselves.
 are expected to remain
 unchanged from our previous
 forecast of nine trillion nine hundred billion yen while operating income is expected to increase
 160 billion yen to 1 trillion
 200 billion yen.
 We have also upwardly revised our forecast for income before income tax
 to 1 trillion, 155 billion yen, and a forecast for net income attributable to Sony Group
 cooperation shareholders
 to 860 billion yen.
 A forecast for consolidated operating cash flow,
 excluding the financial services segment,
 has increased 50 billion yen to 940 billion yen.
 This slide shows our forecast by segment for FY21.
 I will now explain the situation in each of our business segments.
 First is game and network service segment.
 FI21Q3 cells decreased to 813.3 billion yen,
 8% lower than the same quarter of the previous fiscal year
 in which we launched the PlayStation 5
 and sold major titles in conjunction with the launch.
 Operating income increased 12.1 billion yen year-on-year to 92.9 billion yen, primarily due to a decrease in selling general and administrative expenses and an improvement in PS5 hardware profitability, partially offset by a decrease in software sales.
 Fi21 cells are expected to decrease
 170 billion yen compared to our previous
 forecast to 2 trillion 730 billion yen and operating income is expected to increase 20 billion yen
 compared to the previous forecast to 345 billion yen.
 Total gameplay time of PlayStation users in December 21 was 20% lower than the same month of the previous year,
 which was immediately after the release of PS5,
 but the gameplay time increased approximately 7% from December 2019.
 For a quarter in which there were only a few major titles released, we think this was solid performance.
 in the fourth quarter
 and in March 31, 2022, we expect user engagement to increase further
 because the major first party titles Horizon Forbidden West and Gran Turismo 7 will be released.
 The B.C. version of God of War
 released in January 2022 has received high acclaim among the PC gaming community
 obtaining a metacritic
 Metascore of 93. Unfortunately, due to limitations on the supply of components,
 especially semiconductors
 an increase in delivery times resulting from the disruption of the global distribution
 supply chain.
 We have revised our Fi21 unit sales forecast for PS5 hardware to 11.5 million units.
 Limitations on the supply of components are expected to continue going forward,
 but we are continuing to exert every effort to meet the strong demand for PS5.
 on january 31st in the u.s sony interactive entertainment entered into definitive agreement
 to acquire Bungie Inc., one of the world's leading independent game developers.
 developers. With more than 900 creative people on staff, Banji has a track record of creating
 blockbuster titles such as hero and destiny as a long-time partner of bungee
 We have discussed various forms of collaboration with them in the past.
 Ultimately, we decided to pursue an acquisition because we gained confidence that we could grow even more by combining the corporate cultures of both companies as well as our strengths in the creative space.
 Once part of SIE,
 Bungie will operate as an independent studio
 and will continue to publish its content on platforms other than PlayStation.
 The total consideration for the acquisition is 3.6 billion U.S. dollars
 and the completion of the acquisition
 is subject to certain closing conditions
 including regulatory approvals from calendar year 2014 to calendar year 2021 the size of the global
 game content market doubled
 driven by add-on content revenue from live game services
 which grew at an average annual rate of 15% during this period.
 We expect this trend to continue going forward.
 Bungie has capitalized on this opportunity from an early stage by incorporating live
 game services into its premier
 franchise destiny
 and it has accumulated a wealth of experience and superb technology in the space.
 The strategic significance of this acquisition lies not only in obtaining the highly successful Destiny franchise as well as major new IP that Bungie is currently developing,
 but also incorporating into the Sony group the expertise and technologies
 that Bungie has developed in the live game services space.
 space. We intend to utilize
 these strengths when developing
 game IP at the PlayStation Studios
 as we expand into the live game services area
 through close collaboration
 between Bungie and the PlayStation Studios,
 We aim to launch more than 10 live service games by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026.
 In addition, we view the deployment of a game IP on multiple platforms as a major growth
 opportunity for Sony, as has been the evidence
 by the successful PC version of the God of War
 and other first-party games.
 Through this acquisition, we intend to acquire new users and increase engagement on platforms
 other than PlayStation, which will enable us to significantly advance
 on a long-term growth strategy
 for further expanding the ecosystem
 of our game business
 Catalyzed by the acquisition of Bungie, we intend to accelerate the growth of our first-party game software revenue, aiming to more than double the current amount by FY25.
 now I will use this conceptual diagram to explain at a high level
 how this acquisition will be treated
 from an accounting perspective.
 Bungie is a private company
 The majority of food shares are owned by its employees.
 So the payment of the consideration is structured to incentivize the shareholders and other creative talent
 to continue working at Bungie after the acquisition closes.
 Approximately one-third of the US$3.6 billion consideration for the acquisition consists primarily of deferred payments to employee shareholders, conditional upon their continued employment and other retention incentives.
 These amounts will be paid over the course of several years after the acquisition closes
 and will be recorded as expenses for accounting purposes.
 We expect about two-thirds of these deferred payments and other retention incentives to be expensed in the first two years after the acquisition closes.
 Next is the music segment.
 although sales of visual media
 and platform decreased
 FY21Q3 sales increased
 12% year-on-year
 to 295.9 billion yen, primarily due to an increase in streaming revenue.
 despite the impact of the increase in sales
 recorded music operating income decreased 4.0 billion yen year-on-year to 55
 point five billion yen primarily due to the impact of the decrease in sales of
 of visual media and platform.
 The contribution to the operating income of the quarter from visual media and platform accounted for the mid-teens percentage of the operating income of the segment.
 A421 sales are expected to increase
 20 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 1 trillion 90 billion yen and operating income
 is expected to increase
 5 billion yen compared to our
 previous forecast to 205 billion yen. Streaming revenue in Q3 continued to grow at high rate,
 29% year-on-year in recorded music and 27% year-on-year in music publishing.
 The recorded music presence continued to generate major hits, with an average of 36 songs,
 ranking in Spotify's Global Top 100 songs during the quarter.
 global superstar, singer, songwriter
 adeus over 30
 became a historic hit
 remaining number one on the billboard chart
 for a consecutive eight weeks
 after its release in November.
 next is a picture segment
 if we're 21
 Q3 sales increased
 significant 141% year-on-year
 to 461.2 billion yen, primarily due to the blockbuster hit
 Spider-Man No Way Home, Emotion Pictures,
 and the licensing of the popular U.S. television series Seinfeld in television productions
 operating income increased a significant 121.1 billion yen year-on-year to 149.4 billion
 primarily due to the impact of the increase in sales
 and a recording of
 the 70.2 billion yen gain from the transfer of GSN games,
 which closed on December the 6th, 2021.
 FY21 sales are expected to increase
 40 billion yen compared to our previous forecast
 to 1,322 billion yen
 and operating income
 is expected to increase
 97 billion yen compared to
 our previous forecast
 to 2.05 billion yen.
 Even when one-time items are excluded, operating income this fiscal year is expected to be
 the highest ever for the picture segment.
 Spider-Man No Way Home was released across the U.S. on December 17, 2021, and went on to record the second highest ever opening box office revenue nationwide.
 According to the most recent data, its cumulative worldwide box office revenue is the sixth highest ever at approximately 1.7 billion U.S. dollars, and it holds the record for highest grossing film in the history of Sony Pictures Entertainment.
 Other franchises such as Venom let their big carnage contributed significantly to our financial results,
 and we are looking forward to the release
 this month of Uncharted
 which is a movie version of a popular PlayStation game title.
 Despite our success, we will continue to pursue a flexible release strategy going forward, as we have done by postponing the U.S. release of Morbius, a new film from the Sony Pictures universe of Marvel characters from January to April of this calendar year.
 On December 22, 2021, Sony Pictures Networks India, a subsidiary of SPE, signed a definitive agreement to merge SPNI with Zee Entertainment Enterprise.
 The merger represents an opportunity to further accelerate expansion
 and digitalization of our business
 by using the strength of both
 companies to strengthen our digital
 distribution service in rapidly
 growing Indian media
 entertainment market.
 We expect that the transaction will close in the latter half of this fiscal year,
 ending March 31, 2023, after obtaining approval of these shareholders and regulatory authorities
 after the transaction closes SPO
 will own the majority of the shares
 of the merged entity.
 Okay, then the next is the electronics products and solutions segment.
 despite the favorable impact on sales
 from foreign exchange rate Q3 sales
 decrease 2% year in year
 to 286.9 billion yen, primarily due to a decrease in the unit sales of our products
 resulting from a decline in stay-at-home
 demand and a shortage in the supply
 components despite the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates and an
 improvement in product mix operating income decreased 23.3 billion yen year
 to 80 billion yen, primarily due to the impact of decrease in sales.
 FY21 sales are expected to increase 80 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 2,360 billion yen, and operating income is expected to increase 20 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 210 billion yen.
 Operating income margin for this fiscal year is expected to exceed 8 percent.
 the efforts we have been making to improve our profitability
 are steadily bearing fruit. During
 Quarter three, the impact of the rapid decline in TV panel prices
 on consumer market prices for TV was more limited than we originally anticipated.
 and the shift to large-sized TVs increased primarily in the U.S., Europe, and China.
 As a result, we are able to maintain the average selling price of our TVs as necessarily the
 global at the second quarter
 ended September 30, 2021.
 Nevertheless, we can continue to be unable to fully meet market demand in multiple categories
 due to severe limitations on the supply of components.
 We expect this situation to continue to impact us in the fourth quarter ending March 31, 2022.
 too. We will continue
 to exert every effort to
 procure components
 as that will be one of the highest priorities for this segment next fiscal year.
 Next is the imaging and sensing solution segment.
 FY21Q3 sales increased a significant 22% year-on-year to 324.8 billion yen,
 primarily due to an increase
 in sales of high-end image sensors for mobile products,
 Operating income increased 13.3 billion yen year to year to 64.7 billion yen, primarily due to the impact of the increase in sales.
 Our FY21 sale was expected to decrease 30 billion yen compared to our previous forecast of 1 trillion 70 billion yen.
 The FY21 open income forecast remains unchanged from the previous forecast.
 Despite severe conditions in the smartphone market, such as weakness in the Chinese market
 and shortage of components, especially self-conductors.
 the effort we have made here to
 to expand and diversify our mobile sensors' customer base
 as well as to recover our market share on a volume basis are having some success.
 However, it is taking longer than expected to introduce the high-performance, high-resolution
 custom sensors that
 that we have been working on with Chinese smartphone makers.
 So the speed of profitability improvement resulting from an increase in added value
 products going into next
 fiscal year will be slightly lower than
 the originally planned.
 Listenally, the trend toward the Chinese
 Smart home market purchasing larger size segments for the high-end products
 is improving after having segment due to the contraction of a business
 with certain Chinese customers.
 We expect the Chinese smartphone market to normalize in the second half of next fiscal
 year.
 We feel better about the possibility of sales growth and for the market share expansion
 next fiscal year. We will focus
 even more on increasing the added
 value of our products and
 and strive to improve profitability.
 In January 25, 2022, Sony Semiconductor Solutions Corporation completed its initial investment
 in Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited
 as a minority shareholder
 Sony will support JASM by assisting with the startup of this new logic wafer factory
 which aims to begin mass production during calendar year 2024.
 last is the financial service segment
 fiscal year 21Q3
 financial services revenue increased
 11% in the year to
 to 471.3 billion yen, primarily due to an increase in the net gains on investments in
 a separate account at Sony
 Life Insurance Company Limited.
 Open ed income decreased 4.7 billion yen year-on-year to 35.2 billion yen,
 primarily due to deterioration in valuation on securities
 at our venture capital business and at Sony Bank.
 The new policy amount in force at Sony Life during Q3 grew at a higher rate than our competitions, driven primarily by our priority focus area of selling insurance to corporations.
 FY21 financial service revenue is expected to increase 120 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 1,610 billion yen.
 Our FY21 open income forecast remains unchanged from the previous forecast.
 Now, I'd like to update you on our strategic investments.
 The amount of capital allocated to strategic investments, including the acquisition of the Bungie,
 which I explained earlier and the repurchases of Sony stock from the beginning of the fiscal year until today
 and increasing acquisition and asset purchases that have closed
 as well as those that have been decided but not closed,
 photos approximately
 850 billion yen
 This slide shows the breakdown of the segments and areas in which we have allocated investment.
 The music cement portion of the chart does not include approximately 100 billion yen
 we have invested in music catalogs
 because the amount is included
 the no-per-end cash flow under IFRS.
 We are making serious progress in accordance with our current mid-range plan of making
 in two trillion or more of strategic investment
 as we believe that the evolution of our business portfolio
 aimed at realizing long-term growth is progressing well.
 As I mentioned at the previous earnings announcement, we aim to accelerate the cycle, whereby returns generated from previous investment are used to investing growth, thereby realizing long-term growth.
 at SES 2022 last month
 President Yoshida announced that we will establish Sony Mobility Inc in the spring of this year
 and we will explore the possibility of introducing Vision S, the market.
 The Vision S initiative aims to create a new value
 and contribute to the evolution of the mobility
 by leveraging Sony's various technology and content
 and by adding new entertainment elements to a safe and secure moving space.
 Going forward, we will proceed with our exploration
 under the assumption that we will collaborate and ally ourselves with multiple partners.
 That is the conclusion of my remarks.
 Thank you very much. It was Mr. Totoki, Executive Deputy President, the CFT Financial Officer.
 from 3.55 we have Q&A session for media
 and from 4.20 Q&A by investors and analysts.
 We set aside 20 minutes each for Q&As.
 those journalists, investors, analysts
 We have already registered for questions in advance.
 please be connected to the designated telephone number in advance
 and those of you who have not made a registration in advance
 You can continue to listen to the Q&A session through internet webcast.
 Please wait until the session is resumed.
 Thank you.
 We'll begin Q&A session for media shortly.
 which you kindly wait until the Q&A session begins.
 Thank you very much for waiting.
 Now we are going to entertain questions from the media.
 Respondents are Mr. Hiroki Tokutoki, Executive Deputy President and Chief Financial Officer,
 and Naomi Matsuoka, Senior Vice President in charge of Corporate Planning, Control, Finance and IR.
 If you have questions, please press asterisk followed by number one.
 When your turn comes, I'll call your name.
 so please identify yourself
 and your affiliation before you ask
 your questions. I'd like to ask you to kindly
 Let me check questions to two.
 Also, in order to prevent
 feedback of the sound
 please be sure to switch off
 the volume of your peripherals
 Your cooperation is very much appreciated.
 In the event that your voice is disrupted because of the communication environment,
 We may have to move on to the next questions.
 next person and if you would like to cancel your question please press asterisk
 followed by number two
 Now we'd like to begin Q&A session.
 If you have any question, please press asterisk followed by 1.
 I'll see you next time.
 The first question is Masuda-san from Nikkei Shinbun Newspaper.
 Ms. Masuda-san, please.
 Masuda-san, can you hear me?
 Can you hear us?
 Yes, I can hear you.
 I have two questions.
 First question is, you're thinking about strategic investment.
 The other day, you have made an acquisition, and I think that you have made an announcement going forward.
 AV and semiconductors
 you'll be coming up with new strategies and for each the size of investment will become larger
 going forward so as a man management you'll be you think that it is necessary to make large
 investment and investment deals
 you have the ceiling or the meat of
 two trillion but is that going to be exceeding two trillion or the acquisition in the orders
 of hundreds of billions of yen
 thank you for your question
 our thinking behind the
 strategic investment was a question
 The President
 As you know, three-year mid-range plan strategic investment, we will be allocating two trillion
 for strategic investment and as i mentioned in my speech earlier 850 billion yen and we made the
 decisions up until 850 billion yen.
 And this framework, we don't think that we need to change in a major way this framework
 and within this we will be making
 forward-looking positive investment.
 So areas of investment, priority area is IPDTC and technology.
 and this priority areas remain unchanged.
 That's all from me.
 So we'd like to entertain the next question from Asahi, Suzuki-san, please.
 Thank you for giving me the floor.
 I'm Suzuki Obasahi.
 I hope you can hear me.
 Yes. Go ahead, please. Thank you.
 I have two parts of question.
 First is image sensor that they asked to this pigment chip that the Taiwan TSMC is the company
 that you expected to entrust the supply, according to some reports.
 as this pigment and the chip that like for iPhone and other applications
 and for the high level of the sophisticated cameras.
 do you intend to further
 they asked them to manufacture
 on behalf of Sony, because
 this couple-couple connection is different.
 but as to some of the
 Fundamental technology is maintained by your company, Sony.
 But I think the chips are maybe likely to be entrusted to the TSMC and so on to produce on behalf of you.
 In conjunction, the TSMC will have a new plant in Kumamoto.
 the logic way for
 country. That has been
 a missing piece so that the Japanese government
 is likely to give subsidy to that new plant in Kumamoto.
 but it's expected that this new
 the
 the tip for the pigment
 and so forth is likely to be
 producing kumabuta as well.
 Now turning to the electric vehicle that the President Yoshida announced
 about the mobility
 new area and you have
 a new Sony mobility company is
 likely to be established in the spring.
 but you might have a higher
 the details
 they have the scale of this new company
 as well as the exact timing
 to establish this new company
 because Mr. Tortoki
 as to the new mobility company
 together with Kawanishi-san
 and
 I understand that you have some chat with him about which triggered you.
 You are the founder of Sony Bank and other new businesses in the past.
 So for the new company to be established, are you going to nurture this Sony Mobility Inc. to be a big company as one of the pillars?
 I'd like to hear your view on the
 mid to long term in terms of how
 to nurture Sony Mobility Inc. and so on.
 To turn to the first question about this, the image sensor,
 that you are likely to
 entrust the production to the
 TSMC, but
 actually it's not
 announced by us, but
 I don't have a direct answer to that.
 But anyway, as to the external production by like possible like TSMC, that the logic there is mostly to be produced outside.
 But it's called the master of the process.
 As to the master process to get stressed outside, it's quite limited, because as of now, we
 We do not intend to increase that image censorship.
 that is a master process
 We do not intend to ask the outside company to produce much of that.
 answer to your second part of the question
 Sony Mobility, when would that be built?
 it's the spring of 2022
 that has been mentioned by
 President, CEO, Yoshida
 as with the exact timing
 when the company will be established
 we have to scrutinize and consider
 the details of this new company.
 So after that is decided, at that optimal timing, we'd like to publish that information.
 Let me add to that.
 The Sony Mobility Inc. will be established and we will consider to be engaged in the mobility sector.
 That was at the 6th, we announced.
 So we didn't exactly decide on the exact entry into that sector.
 as do the automobile industry
 There are lots of things we have to study about the automobile industry.
 so as to this
 establishment of sony
 Mobility Inc., which is the first step.
 And that will enable us to further deepen our study and consideration.
 That's what we mean by building a new company.
 Of course, for the long-term future, we might like to nurture this company as a hope,
 to nurture it as an important big company.
 but specifically what would that be a specific business
 the scale of the business
 and other things
 Well, it's too premature to mention the details of this new company.
 Thank you.
 Next question.
 we have
 Nishida-san
 Freelance Reporter.
 This is Nishita speaking. Can you hear me?
 Yes, we can.
 Please, go ahead.
 I have two questions.
 The first question is that the semiconductor devices shortage is the topic.
 PlayStation 5 and EPN&S products have impact from the shortage.
 And is there any change in the product mix as a result?
 or any change in the product line to ensure the performance.
 And also that may have an impact on platform.
 So if you could expound more on the impacts of the supply shortage on your performances.
 And next on the game business, your rival, Microsoft, has announced a large-scale purchase.
 Is there any plan to have a purchase of a large publisher-type supplier?
 And also, is there any impact on your game business because of that kind of publisher type acquisition by your competitor?
 Thank you.
 First, about the semiconductor shortage.
 MR.
 that we do have a variety of impacts on our businesses
 and largely we have
 shortage of components, so we need to put higher priority on the high-value-add products.
 That is not something new to us, though, that when the semiconductor shortage started,
 we made a lot of adjustments to change the product mix
 and allocate to different block lines.
 Regarding the PS5, in terms of a short-term profit promotion cost was saved
 or high logistics cost has been saved.
 because of the decline in the units that leads to the decline in expenses.
 but we plan to
 We hope to ship as many units as we can,
 so we will exert our efforts
 Now, in terms of the impact on the long-term platform,
 That right now, under the limited shipping capability, I think that's a short-term impact.
 We think we can catch up.
 And from PS4, when we moved from one console generation to the next,
 there was a large change drop
 in engagement and also sales
 and the profit changes drastically.
 So there was a very sharp cyclical phenomena that has
 softened recently
 and obviously
 we hope to see a quicker recovery, but we also
 see the situation is rather
 limited in terms of
 the impact.
 Now, in terms of the acquisition by our competitor, we are not in a position to make any comments, so it is difficult for us to say anything.
 but
 they have announced the intention to purchase
 but that has not been completed yet
 and what kind of business model change will take place is something we don't have a clear picture yet.
 So, for the computer's large-scale M&A, we do not want to speculate.
 and rather we want to pursue and execute our strategy at the right timing
 And we want to focus on that.
 That's it.
 We'd like to move on to the next question.
 Nick KBP, next time, please.
 Hello, can you hear me?
 Yes, we can. Please.
 Thank you for letting me ask questions.
 I have two questions
 First, it's about
 VR accessed the other day
 New...
 device.
 VR2 was announced.
 on the other hand
 environmentally
 competitors are increasing their units
 and invest in large amount of money
 and the momentum is there
 currently
 VR business
 What is your view about promoting VR business going forward?
 And second, mobile games.
 Currently, Sony Music is the main player, but SIE itself will be considering mobile games business.
 So what is the direction that you have in mind?
 Thank you.
 Your first question regarding VR.
 PSVR2
 We have already explained.
 users have the sense of image
 imagine. So set up
 itself it would be simplified and headset will be evolving and will be
 revolving the headsets
 And already this is announced.
 evolution of head
 headset
 for K-HR
 displayed with a wider viewing angle and the movement of the eye of the player is detected
 looking at certain directions
 then it's possible to
 manipulate
 the
 so
 for
 with
 rendering the high resolution for center of the view
 and external then lower resolution by that high quality image experience can be
 given to the users, such
 technology is introduced. Also
 So the motor vibration and headset and haptic headset feedback,
 This will be introduced as a technology threat.
 We already made a decision.
 In relation to VR, already further technological evolution, there's room for evolution, hardware
 and software
 And with the evolution of technology, it is expected that market is also going to expand.
 so
 with
 horizon
 call
 of the mountain. The first party title is already announced simultaneously. So in this
 way we have our technology and contents that we have an ecosystem will be leveraged and we are
 going to enhance their presence in this market.
 Then the second question, mobile games.
 mobile game market itself
 is a growth area
 and PlayStation IP can be used by more users,
 and this is a great opportunity for us.
 As for the timing, it's very hard to say exactly when, but PlayStation IP will be deployed
 for
 the IPs
 So I believe that we can grow this steadily.
 so these attempts
 And the specifics, when the appropriate timing comes, then we are going to explain to you more clearly.
 Thank you.
 time is running short
 So we'd like to entertain the last question for this session.
 Shimae-san from NHK, please.
 thank you very much
 I'm Shimai Obenechke.
 I have two parts of questions
 The first is about your performance and achievement
 because the results are very good.
 Frankly, I'd like to ask you a frank interpretation of the results.
 despite the COVID-19
 you've achieved well
 So taking into account this difficult environment, what kind of good measures you have implemented
 to achieve such good results?
 That's one question.
 The second question is about EV.
 and their future investment
 in terms of
 two trillion yen
 for this strategic investment
 you didn't refer to EV, but this spring
 new company will be established
 And then maybe the different
 consideration will be made.
 So in that strategic investment framework of 2 trillion yen, will that include EV?
 you intend to spend the money
 for EV or you
 rather than tapping onto the budget,
 that maybe more of a game will be the focus of spending money for strategic investments.
 What do you think of this?
 Now, thank you for your question.
 as to this question
 As to the third quarter, the results, what is my impression, my comments?
 As you mentioned, despite the COVID-19 difficulty, the logistics were adversely impacted and
 semiconductor and other device components supply was limited for a long time in many
 Many areas this problem lasted for a long time.
 To cope with that, the situation, for each business segment, they would like to focus
 what will happen next
 based upon that good forecast
 They take proactive measures to prepare for the difficulty.
 so that is why I think
 that we achieved the record high results that the sales and the profit in this third quarter.
 but not everything
 was rosy and good because PS5
 there was a big demand.
 We couldn't supply enough to that increasing demand as to the image sensor, the profitability
 The recovery did not progress as soon as we had expected.
 Those are the challenges we identified, and we'd like to consider that for the future.
 The second question
 That is our investment idea toward EV.
 Well, about that EV, as has been mentioned earlier, we assume that we'd like to start
 to the asset light condition
 with possible partners
 to ally with. As to our concept, for example,
 stand alone we
 might not have that big
 production facility or the developer
 own battery. That kind of capital
 intensive activity is not likely to be considered in a business model. Without such a capital
 investment as an assumption.
 We would like to achieve the vision we have advocated.
 So that's how we are considering this EB business.
 So what's our vision toward EV?
 Let me repeat that the mobility environment space should be evolved into a more
 entertainment space
 So the new kind of customer experience and values should be provided through that.
 Thank you.
 Now it is time to close the Q&A session for media people.
 We'll be changing our responders.
 So the Q&A session for analysts will start at 4.20.
 any.
 Thank you.
 You
 Thank you.
 You
 Thank you.
 You
 Thank you.
 Now, we will be starting the Q&A session for the investors and analysts.
 Please.
 Please wait for a few more seconds.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for waiting.
 Now, we'd like to start the Q&A session for investors and analysts.
 My name is Hayakawa.
 in charge of financial services, and I are observing as the moderator.
 as responders
 We have Mr. Hiroki Totoki, Executive Deputy President and CFO,
 and Ms. Naomi Matsuoka, SVP for Corporate Planning and Control and Finances and IR,
 and also SVP accounting, Mr. Ibotoshi Kurenaga.
 If you have questions, please press the asterisk and number one on your phone and we'll name you.
 and we ask you to limit your questions up to two questions
 And to prevent the howling, and please make sure to turn off the volume of the devices around you.
 And if the line gets chopped and because of the time concern, we'll move on to the next person with a question.
 and if you want to cancel your request for question
 please press the asterisk
 N2
 Now we'll start the Q&A session
 And once again, if you have a question, please press the asterisk N1 at your phone.
 we have
 from Morgan Saroni.
 Oh, Mr. Oh, no.
 Thank you.
 And regarding the games, I have two questions.
 The first question is that the PlayStation 5, what is your forecast for the future from the second quarter?
 Totoki-san's
 speaking tone
 from the
 four
 14 million
 14.8 million
 original target
 that has been set back, and especially this time, reduced substantially.
 And what is your forecast for the next quarter?
 In May last year, Mr. Jim Lyon was saying that he hopes to shoot for the record high and 22 to 23 million, I believe, was the target.
 What is your feel for the demand?
 and also what is your prospect for your supply capability.
 and the second question
 is that regarding
 a strategic investment
 This time you have invested in one of the, for the, invested in the Bungie as a games segment investment.
 Now, the remaining...
 budget.
 you have about
 110 billion yen or so
 to invest.
 And what is your criteria for investment decisions for them?
 For example, for a game, when you invested in every game,
 That was a small game house, and that was an investment for content IP.
 that was your priority back then
 but this time you will have a total ownership
 and you will intend to retain the subscription
 or you want to improve your first-party development capability
 or what is your criteria for investment decision?
 thank you for your questions
 The first question was that the PS5...
 I've
 expectation for the next fiscal year.
 And in the past, the record was the 22.6 million yen, the first PlayStation, I believe.
 It was a single-year unit.
 And that is what we were saying, that we will try to copy again.
 but in terms of the next year
 The market demand is very high that could allow us to make a record high sales.
 Now, our partner company is supplying us components.
 We are working closely with them, collaborating, negotiating, and working with them closely.
 And we hope we can make that happen.
 So we believe that next year, I think it's safe to say that they will continue to have
 supply disruption in terms of the components
 globally because of the distribution problem and so on.
 So we can't say for sure what is exactly the demand for next year.
 and
 but having a high
 target
 we have and if we bring it down
 we may ease ourselves to go for the lower target.
 So I think it is good to maintain the high target.
 So, in the consolidated performance report, we will have a more exact forecast for the
 fiscal year.
 Year 22.
 and so that's the first
 answer to the first question
 And the second question was about our concept of strategic investment.
 in the past
 We were investing in IP, and that's what we've been saying.
 And we will...
 And obviously IPs have market prices as fair values.
 So we tend to look for the future upside potential with our involvement.
 and that is our criteria for investment decision.
 and I think that will improve our investment efficiency
 and also will generate a premium.
 and how we can rationalize that premium.
 And in terms of the scale of the investment,
 we don't have a clear
 criteria in terms of the size of the investment
 but looking at our balance sheet and also financial capabilities.
 strategies.
 So capabilities and risk will be studied very closely to decide any investment.
 And also, you used an example, partial purchase or total purchase you mentioned.
 And we need to work with our partner.
 we cannot decide
 single-handedly
 ourselves if it is a good
 Uh,
 company we would
 wish to purchase 100%
 But if we are about 100% purchase, we may have difficulty having a good alliance.
 So we will give considerations for long-term partnership and alliance.
 That's all.
 I'd like to move on.
 Katsura-san from SMBC Nikol.
 Thank you.
 I have two questions.
 First, about the impact of the shortage of components, next is Vision S.
 The first one, impact of the shortage of components.
 In the supplementary materials, page 7, inventory asset included, if you can respond.
 shortage of components
 and the cost increase
 And the impact of that, what kind of impact was there?
 EPNS and GNS as well.
 can you please
 enlighten me
 and quantitatively explain
 QQ EPN
 this, 60 to 70
 billion of buffer risk
 was incorporated
 and this time applied revision of 20 billion for profit.
 so compared to second quarter
 it turned out
 that it was better, slightly better.
 But on the other hand, the situation is such that it is prolonged.
 So what is your thinking behind this?
 This is the first question.
 Second question.
 earlier
 the question by the media people
 talked about Sony
 mobility and asset light
 is your posture in the equity market
 The former TV business, there is a concern, as is the case of TV business, you will be suffering from long-term losses.
 So Sony Mobility Inc.
 What kind of risk or return are you thinking about?
 and also investment of the managerial resources.
 The situation in the past and going forward, to the extent that you can share with us, please enlighten me.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 first
 the shortage of components and the impact of the cost increase including inventory level
 and you asked me to explain
 first of all
 this fiscal year
 at the end of third quarter
 inventory level
 I think it's good to talk about the inventory level.
 By category, if I may explain, game network service with the holiday season, there's a decrease in inventory level.
 and PS5
 shortage of
 components, which resulted in
 decrease in inventory, so there's not
 a sufficient level of inventory.
 ep and s with the holiday season the decrease of the completed products
 With the increase in TV panel, and this is the key, and in preparing for the shortage of materials, strategic stockpiling is being done.
 Next fiscal year also, to a certain extent, we are anticipating shortage, especially in the first half.
 And we can expect that for some of the products.
 So gradually, we are building up our inventory.
 Street.
 Therefore,
 although there was a decrease
 in the inventory of the completed
 products because of the holiday
 season, but with the stockpiling
 of
 is strategic stockpiling and
 confusion of the supply chain there is a delay of the delivery period so these two factors are
 upsetting one another.
 the level of panel inventory
 is a profit level
 I&SS.
 Yes.
 As you all know, in China, smartphone market recovery is slower,
 and there is an increase in the level of inventory in the market
 which resulted in increasing the level of inventory
 but the demand forecast for next fiscal year
 and production capacity
 considering that and building up
 the strategic inventory
 towards the end of the fiscal year
 and this policy remains unchanged.
 therefore
 It's very difficult to say in a summary fashion,
 But next fiscal year, looking at the business for next fiscal year, as for the inventory
 that is deemed to be necessary
 as we move toward the end
 of this fiscal year, we are going to
 build up the level of inventory
 that is the basic thinking
 and then
 Vision S
 risk return and investment of managerial resources we are not at a stage where we can give you
 a clear-cut answer yet
 and
 And as has been repeatedly mentioned, asset light is what we have in mind.
 Hello.
 We are not thinking of making big investment into this area, more specifically development of battery or development and having the manufacturing facility for the vehicles itself or sales infrastructure or maintenance infrastructure to be held by us.
 we are not thinking of doing this
 Basically, we tap upon partnerships or similar relationships.
 ship and we are going to be as asset light as possible and with the evolution of vehicles
 With our technological element, we are going to contribute.
 And as a long-term vision, the space of vehicles are to be turned into new entertainment space.
 That is our long-term vision.
 Therefore, for example, in the mid-range plan period,
 Two trillion strategic investment, is that included in that?
 We are not thinking about investment at that scale, and this is not realistic.
 Please understand in that way.
 Thank you.
 We would like to entertain the next question.
 Can you send them?
 please
 Can you hear me?
 of Mitsuho Securities.
 I have one question.
 as a CFO
 mentioned.
 But I'd like to hear your personal view.
 but in terms of North America
 what is the final
 ultimate demand in North America
 in case of your company
 the game, hardware, software
 and the music and pictures as well, the electronics,
 and you cover everything
 hardware, software, and contents.
 very comprehensive
 So when you summarize all activities of that fiscal year
 and then this taking into account
 inflation as well as the change of the interest rates and so on.
 what is your view
 of the summary
 as well as
 toward the first half
 of the next week's
 what is the overall perspective
 according to each segment
 If not, please tell us some of the highlights of that situation.
 thank you
 about the question is
 about North American demand
 and the business outlook.
 Well, I am quite concerned about its outlook in North America.
 as you say that
 the interest rates
 policy is
 at the turning point to be changed
 and geopolitical risks are now increasing
 and the midterm election is scheduled to be held
 So, all these unstable elements are likely to be influential.
 And depending upon the situation, maybe demand might be affected.
 and I'm getting the latest information
 and updating that understanding from different business segments.
 but for the time being
 there's no clear trend
 of this
 deceleration in the North American
 market. That's my frank
 perspective right now.
 However, especially in terms of
 when I look at TV
 during the latter half
 Of course, Europe and Japan, compared to the previous year,
 there's a sort of a sign of
 deceleration or slowdown a little bit
 That has been expected.
 but in terms of North America
 better than we had expected
 dining the strength seems to be maintained and the the momentum is kept in the north america
 What about entertainment?
 Generally speaking, entertainment is doing well in general.
 However, the COVID-19 impact, that is theoretical release,
 would be subject to impact
 if the number of infected patients
 increases that they have to revise
 the sociological release
 that's a flexible
 implementation of policy
 So that is likely to have an up and down, though.
 but the general demand
 entertainment per se is not
 likely to go through major change
 according to my
 interpretation.
 So in terms of North…
 Thank you.
 America, things are going
 steady
 it seems steady
 is it really true
 that it will never go through variation.
 Of course, I'm personally always concerned about that, any potential.
 So I'm always keeping an eye.
 So this is something
 and some negative signs observed and detected,
 that we'd like to take quick countermeasures
 and take action accordingly.
 Thank you.
 We are running short of time, so we'll make the next question, next person to be the last.
 and we have Mr Maeda-san of JP Securities, JP Morgan.
 I had a son rather
 I have two questions regarding Bungie.
 First question is that in the earlier slide, you explained how it will be treated in terms of accounting.
 of the 3.2 billion yen.
 One-third is about, for retention purpose expenditure, about $1.2 billion.
 and of the 1.2 billion
 and
 two-thirds
 will be used
 up in the first two years
 So that's about $0.4 billion or $400 million annually.
 And also, intangible assets, about 20%, about $700 to $800 million.
 How do you plan to depreciate that in terms of the term period, over which period, as
 long as the best estimate you have
 will be fine.
 and I know it's still pending on the regulatory authorities approval
 and so if you have any
 prospect. That would be appreciated.
 And also, second question is about, Mr. Todoki mentioned about in the future that the EU can get the upside.
 That will be the decision criteria.
 and
 And what is the case for Bungie?
 and also for Bungie, what is the upside for them to work with
 to become a part of Sony
 and also upside for Sony to acquire.
 Is that simply increasing the users or what kind of KPIs you're expecting to get gains from this investment?
 Okay?
 The first question.
 as we explained
 that the one-third
 will be for
 it will be referred
 payment for retention
 on purpose.
 For specific numbers, we still need to scrutinize.
 And this time we're just giving you the rough image.
 so that is the extent
 we hope you will understand
 we will examine
 more closely and if we have
 update we will be sharing with
 you and for the it will be included in the uh forecast for the next year so we'll be updating
 that number now in terms
 intangible asset
 We are actually studying, examining that right now.
 So generally speaking, we look at about 10 years or so for depreciation.
 But that depends on the contents of such intangible assets.
 So,
 So...
 Korenanga-san, do you have any comment on that?
 Let me add some comments.
 the
 what will be treated as
 expenditures, expenses
 will be
 treated
 in two years
 And that will be one-third of the investment.
 and there are a lot of conditions for that though
 and how it will be allocated for the first year and second year
 that may not be 50-50
 necessarily
 and also in terms of the depreciation
 of the intangible assets, we will be allocating the purchase price
 to a variety of
 assets and
 we will identify
 the price tags for each one of them
 and then decide the depreciation period down the road.
 Okay, and the second question was that in case of Bungee, what, as I commented in my speech,
 They are...
 platforms
 capabilities rather
 ability to distribute to a variety of platforms
 and also live service they have a capability to develop.
 And those are something we have lots to learn from them.
 and therefore our studios will learn from Bungee
 and that is a very strong wish we have
 And the banjee side also is willing to work closely with us.
 and in the first year
 we believe
 we will put together
 a good plan
 and drive that
 And I believe it will generate upside from that kind of work.
 Now, from the other side, the Bungie, the personnel retention and recruiting, I think we can help them and support them, and we hope to be able to do so.
 And also, not just for gaming area, but the multi-using of IP and merchandising of IPs,
 like good title, maybe game title,
 may be put into the pictures, movies and Bungie want to nurture the IP they have
 in the multidimensional manners, and that's their hope.
 And for that, we believe we can help that.
 We have pictures and music, and Banshee can leverage our platform
 so that their IP can flourish and grow big, and that's all.
 The time has come to close Sony Group Corporation's earnings announcement.
 I thank you very much for joining us today.
 I