 Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time to start Sony group
 corporations, FY21, 3-3rd quarter, earning an announcement.
 I'm Okada, Corporate Communications.
 I will be serving as Master of Ceremonies today.
 The session is being held for journalists, analysts, and institutional investors to whom
 we have sent out invitations in advance.
 This session will be live webcast
 through our Investors Relations website.
 First, we have with us Mr. Totoki, Executive Deputy President and CFO, to explain third
 quarter FI-21 consolidated results and the forecast for consolidated fiscal 2021 results.
 The duration is about 70 minutes.
 to give the floor to yours.
 Thank you.
 I will cover the topics written here today.
 FI-21 Q3 consolidated sales increased 13 percent compared to the same quarter of the previous
 fiscal year to 3 trillion, 31.3 billion yen, and consolidated operating income increased
 the significant 113.3 billion yen yield on year to 465.2 billion yen.
 were record highs for the third quarter. Income before income taxes increased 77.8 billion
 billion year-on-year to 461.6 billion yen, a net income attributable to Sony Group Corporation
 and shareholders increased 35.4 billion yen to 346.2 billion yen.
 Please see pages 3 to 6 of the presentation materials for a depiction of each profit metric
 adjusted to exclude one-time items.
 This slide shows the results by segment for FI 21 Q3.
 Next, I will show the consolidated results forecast for FI-21.
 Consolidated cells are expected to remain unchanged
 from our previous forecast of 9 trillion, 900 billion yen, while operating income is
 expect to increase 160 billion yen to 1 trillion 200 billion yen.
 They have also upwardly revised a forecast for income before income tax to 1 trillion
 155 billion yen, and a forecast for a net income attributable to Sony Group Cooperation
 shareholders to 860 billion yen, a forecast for consolidated operating cash flow excluding
 During the financial services segment has increased 50 billion yen to 940 billion yen.
 This slide shows our forecast by segment for FI-21.
 I will now explain the situation in each of our business segment.
 First is game and network service segment.
 If I 21, Q3 sales decreased to 813.3 billion yen, 8 percent lower than the same quarter
 of the previous fiscal year in which we launched the PlayStation 5 and sold major titles in
 in conjunction with the launch. Operating income increased $12.1 billion year-on-year
 to 92.9 billion yen, primarily due to a decrease in selling general and administrative expenses
 and an improvement in PS5 hardware profitability partially offset by a decrease in software
 FI-21 sales are expected to decrease 170 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 2 trillion 730 billion yen.
 An operating income is expected to increase 20 billion yen compared to the previous forecast
 to 345 billion yen.
 Total gameplay time of PlayStation users in December 21 was 20% lower than the same month
 of the previous year, which was immediately after the release of PS5, but the gameplay
 time increased approximately 7% from December 2019, a quarter in which there were only a
 a few major titles released.
 We think this was a solid performance.
 In the fourth quarter and in March 31, 2022, we expect use engagement to increase further
 because the major first-party titles Horizon Forbidden West and Grand Tourism 7 will be
 released.
 The PC version of God of War, released in January 2022, has received high acclaim among
 the PC gaming community obtaining a Metacritic's Metascore of 93.
 Unfortunately, due to limitations on the supply of components, especially semiconductors,
 increase in delivery times resulting from the disruption of the global distribution supply
 chain, we have revised our FI-21 unit sales forecast for PS5 hardware to 11.5 million units.
 Dementations on the supply of components are expected to continue going forward, but we
 We are continuing to exert every effort to meet the strong demand for PS5.
 On January 31st in the U.S., Sony Interactive Entertainment entered into definitive agreement
 to acquire Banji Inc., one of the world's leading independent game developers.
 more than 900 creative people on staff. Bungie has a track record of creating blockbuster titles
 such as Halo and Destiny.
 As a long-time partner of Banji, we have discussed various forms of collaboration with them in the past.
 Ultimately, we decided to pursue an acquisition because we gained confidence that we could
 grow even more by combining the corporate cultures of both companies as well as our strengths
 in the creative space.
 Once part of SIE, Banji will operate as an independent studio and will continue to publish
 its content on platforms other than PlayStation.
 The total consideration for the acquisition is 3.6 billion U.S. dollars and the completion
 of the acquisition is subject to certain closing conditions, including regulatory approvals
 from calendar year 2014 to calendar year 2021,
 the size of the global game content market doubled, driven by add-on content revenue
 from live game services, which grew at an average annual rate of 15% during this period.
 We expect this trend to continue going forward.
 it.
 Banji has capitalized on this opportunity.
 an early stage.
 by incorporating live game services into its premier franchise, Destiny, and it has accumulated
 with a wealth of experience and superb technology in the space.
 The strategic significance of this acquisition lies not only in obtaining the highly successful
 destiny franchise as well as major new IP that Banji is currently developing, but also
 So incorporating into the Sony group the expertise and technologies that Banji has developed
 in the live gaming services space.
 We intend to utilize these strengths when developing game IP at the PlayStation Studios
 as we expand into the live game services area,
 Through close collaboration between Banji and the PlayStation Studios, we aim to launch
 more than 10 diverse service games by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026.
 In addition to review the deployment of a game, I peel multiple platforms as a measure
 growth opportunity for Sony as has been the evidence by the successful PC version of the
 the God of War, and other first-party games.
 Through this acquisition, we intend to acquire new users and increase engagement on platforms
 other than PlayStation, which will enable us to
 a significant advance on a long-term growth strategy for further expanding the ecosystem
 over game business.
 Catalyzed by the acquisition of Banji,
 We intend to accelerate the growth of our first-party games of the revenue, aiming to
 more than double the current amount by FY25.
 now I will use this conceptual diagram to explain at a high level how this
 This acquisition will be treated from an accounting perspective.
 Banji is a private company, the majority of whose shares are owned by its employees, so
 So the payment of the consideration is structured to incentivize the shareholders and other
 creative talent to continue working at Bungie after the acquisition closes.
 Approximately one-third of the 3.6 billion U.S. dollar consideration for the acquisition
 consist primarily of deferred payments to employee shareholders, conditional upon their
 continued employment and other retention incentives.
 These amounts will be paid over the course of several years after the acquisition closes
 and will be recorded as expenses for accounting purposes.
 We expect about two-thirds of these deferred payments and other retention incentives to
 be expensed in the first two years after the acquisition closes.
 Next is the music segment,
 those sales of visual media and platform decreased.
 FY21 Q3 sales increased 12% year-on-year to 295.9 billion yen primarily due to an increase
 in streaming revenue.
 Despite the impact of the increasing sales of recorded music,
 Operating income decreased 4.0 billion yen year-on-year to 55.5 billion yen,
 primarily due to the impact of the decrease
 in sales of visual media and platform.
 Good.
 to the operating income of the quarter from visual media and platform
 accounted for the mid-tenth percentage of the operating income of the segment.
 FY21 sales are expected to increase 20 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 1,390
 billion yen and operating income is expected to increase five billion yen
 compared to a previous forecast of 205 billion yen. Streaming revenue in Q3 continued to
 grow at high rate, 29 percent year-on-year in recorded music, and 27 percent year-on-year
 in music publishing.
 The recorded music presence continued to generate major hits with an average of 36 songs, ranking
 in Spotify's global top 100 songs during the quarter.
 Global superstar singer-songwriter Adele's album, 30, became a historic hit, remaining
 number one on the billboard chart, who are consecutive eight weeks after its release in November.
 Next is the picture segment.
 FY21, Q3 sales increased significantly, 141% year-on-year to 461.2 billion yen, primarily
 due to the blockbuster hit.
 Spider-Man, No Way Home, Emotion Pictures, and the licensing of the popular U.S. television
 series cycled in television productions, operating income increased a significant 121.1 billion
 year-on-year to 149.4 billion yen primarily due to the impact of the increase in sales
 and the recording of a 70.2 billion yen gain from the transfer of GSN games which closed
 on December the 6th, 2021. FY21 sales are expected to increase 40 billion yen compared
 to our previous forecast to 1 trillion 222 billion yen and operating income is expected
 It includes 97 billion yen compared to a previous forecast to 205 billion yen, even when one
 In-time items are excluded. Operating income this fiscal year is expected to be the highest
 ever for the picture segment.
 Spider-Man, No Way Home, was released across the U.S. on December 17, 2021 and went on to
 to record the second highest ever opening box office revenue nationwide.
 According to the most recent data, its cumulative worldwide box office revenue
 is the sixth highest ever at approximately 1.7 billion US dollars.
 It holds the record for highest-grossing film in the history of Sony Pictures Entertainment.
 Other franchises such as Venom, let their big carnage contributed significantly to
 financial results, and we are looking forward to the release this month of Uncharted, which
 which is a movie version of a popular PlayStation game title.
 Despite our success, we will continue to pursue a flexible release strategy going forward
 as we have done by postponing the U.S. release of Mobius, a new film from the Sony Pictures
 universe of Marvel characters from January to April of this calendar year on December 22nd,
 2021 Sony Pictures Networks India, a subsidiary of SPE signed a definitive agreement on merge
 to merge SPNI with Z entertainment enterprise.
 The merger represents an opportunity to further accelerate expansion and digitalization of
 our business by using the strengths of both companies to strengthen our digital distribution
 service in rapidly growing India-media-entertainment market.
 We expect that the transaction will close in the latter half of this fiscal year, ending
 March 31, 2023, after obtaining approval of the Z-shareholders and regulatory authorities
 after the transaction closes, will own the majority of the shares of the merged entity.
 Then, the next is the electronics products and solutions segment, despite the favor of
 impact on sales from foreign exchange rate Q3 sales degrees 2% year-on-year to $286.9
 billion primarily due to a decrease in the unit sales of our products, resulting from
 a decline in stay-at-home demand and a shortage in the supply of components, despite the favorable
 impact on foreign exchange rates and an improvement in product mix, operating income decreased
 23.3 billion yen year on year to 80 billion yen primarily due to the impact of decrease in sales.
 FY21 sales are expected to increase 80 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 2,360
 billion and operating income is expected to increase 20 billion compared to our previous
 focused to 210 billion yen.
 Operating income margin for this fiscal year is expected to exceed 8 percent.
 The efforts we have been making to improve our profitability are steadily bearing fruit.
 During quarter three, the impact of the rapid decline in TV panel prices on consumer market
 process for TV was more limited than we originally anticipated. And the shift to large-sized TV
 increased primarily in the U.S., Europe, and China.
 As a result, we are able to maintain the average selling price of our TVs as essentially the
 same level at the second quarter ended September 30, 2021. Nevertheless, we continue to be unable
 to fully meet market demand in multiple categories,
 Thank you.
 Good bye.
 limitations on the supply of components. We expect this situation to continue to impact
 us in the fourth quarter ending March 31, 2022.
 We will continue to exert every effort to procure components as that will be one of
 the highest priorities for this segment next fiscal year.
 Next is the imaging and sensing solution segment.
 FY 21, Q3 sales increased a significant 22% year-on-year to 324.8 billion yen, primarily
 due to an increase in sales of high-end image sensors for mobile products, offering income
 increased 13.3 billion yen year to year to 64.7 billion yen primarily due to the impact
 of the increasing cells.
 For FY21, I was expected to decrease $30 billion compared to our previous forecast, $1,070,000.
 The FY21 opera income forecast remains unchanged from the previous forecast, despite severe
 conditions in the smart phone market such as weakness in the Chinese market and so the
 of components, especially subconductors, the effort we have made here to expand and
 and diversify with mobile sensors, customer base,
 as well as to cover a market share on a volume basis
 or having some success.
 However, it is taking longer than expected to introduce the high-performance high-resolution
 custom sensors that we have been working on with Chinese smart phone makers.
 So the speed for the building improvement resulting from an increase in added value products
 going into next fiscal year will be slightly lower than the originally planned.
 Recently the trend toward the Chinese smartphone market
 purchasing larger size segments for the high end product is improving after having stagnant
 due to the contraction of our business with a certain Chinese customers who expect the
 Chinese smartphone market to normalize in the second half of the next fiscal year since
 As we feel better about the possibility of sales growth and for the market share expansion
 next fiscal year, we will focus even more on increasing the added value of our products
 and strive to improve profitability.
 On January 25, 2022, Sony Semiconductor Solutions Corporation completed its initial investment
 in Japan, advanced semiconductor manufacturing company limited as a minority shareholder Sony
 will support JASM by assisting with the start-up of this new logic wafer factory, which aims
 to begin mass production during calendar year 2024.
 Last is the financial services segment, fiscal year 21 Q3, financial services revenue increased
 11% year on the year to 471.3 billion yen.
 primarily due to an increase in the net gains
 on investments in the separate account
 at Sony Life Insurance Company Limited.
 Opener income decreased 4.7 billion yen year to 35.2 billion yen primarily due to
 The deterioration in valuation on securities at our venture capital business and at Sony
 bank.
 The policy amount enforced at Sony Live during Q3 grew at a higher rate than our competitions,
 even primarily by our priority focus area of selling insurance to
 operations.
 FY21, financial service revenue is expected to increase 120 billion yen compared to our
 previous forecast to 13610 billion yen, our FY21 open-income forecast remains unchanged
 from the previous forecast.
 I would like to update you on our strategic investments.
 The amount of capital allocated to strategic investments, including the acquisition of the
 Bungie, which I explained earlier, and repurchases of Sony stock from the beginning of the fiscal
 year until today and increasing acquisition and asset purchases that have closed as well
 as those that have been decided, but not closed,
 for those approximately 150 billion yen.
 This slide shows the breakdown of the segments and areas in which we have allocated investment.
 The music cement portion of the chart does not include across more than 100 billion yen
 we have invested in music catalogs because the amount is included in operating cash flow
 under IFRS.
 We are making steady progress in accordance with our current mid-range plan of making
 in two trillion or more of strategic investment.
 As we believe that the evolution of our business portfolio aimed at
 and long-term growth is progressing well.
 as I mentioned at the previous earnings announcement.
 We aim to accelerate the cycle, whereby returns generated from previous investment are used
 to invest in growth, thereby realizing long-term growth.
 That says, 2020, last month, President Yoshida announced that we will stop the Sony Mobility
 in the spring of this year, and we will explore the possibility of introducing Vision S, the
 market.
 initiative aims to create a new value and contribute to the evolution of the
 mobility by leveraging Sony's various technology and content, and by adding new entertainment
 elements to a safe and secure moving space.
 going forward, we will proceed with our exploration under the assumption that we will collaborate
 and lie ourselves with multiple partners.
 That is the conclusion of my remarks.
 Thank you very much.
 It was Mr. Totoki, executive deputy president and the CET financial officer from 355 we
 We have Q&A session for media, and from 4.20, Q&A by investors and analysts.
 We set aside 20 minutes each for Q&As.
 Those journalists, investors, analysts, we have already registered for questions in advance.
 This will be connected to the designated telephone number in advance.
 And those of you who have not made the registration in advance, you can continue to listen to
 the Q&A session through internet webcast.
 Please wait until the session is resumed.
 We'll begin Q&A session for media shortly, which you can rewrite until the Q&A session
 begins.
 Thank you very much for waiting.
 Now we are going to entertain questions from the media.
 Respondents are Mr. Hiroki Tokutoki, executive deputy president and chief financial officer,
 And now me, Matsuka, is the senior vice president
 in charge of corporate planning, control, finance, and IR.
 If you have questions, please press Astrick followed by number 1.
 when your turn comes, I'll call your name.
 So please identify yourself and your affiliation
 before you ask your questions.
 like to ask you to kindly limit your questions to two.
 Also, in order to prevent feedback of the sound,
 Please be sure to switch off the volume of your peripherals.
 your cooperation is very much appreciated
 in the event that your voice is disrupted
 because of the communication environment.
 we may have to move on to the next questions.
 next person
 And if you would like to cancel your question,
 Please press Astrick followed by number 2.
 Now, we'd like to begin Q&A session.
 If you have any questions, please press a strict followed by one.
 The first question is Masuda-san from Nikkei Shimbun Newspaper.
 Mr. Masuda-san, please.
 Masuda-san, can you hear me?
 Can you hear us?
 Yes, I can hear you.
 I have two questions.
 First question, is you're thinking about strategic investment?
 the other day you have made the acquisition and I think that you have made
 than us.
 what AV and semiconductors you'll be coming up with new strategies and for each other side
 of investment will become larger going forward.
 So as a management, you think that it is necessary to make large investment and investment deals.
 You have the sitting on the middle of 2 trillion, but is that going to be exceeding 2 trillion
 or the acquisition in the orders of hundreds of billions of yen.
 Thank you for your question.
 I was thinking behind the strategic investment was a question that you have raised.
 Currently, as you know, three-year mid-range plan, strategic investment, we will be allocating
 two trillion for strategic investment.
 And as I mentioned in my speech earlier, 850 billion yen, and we made the decisions up
 up until 850 billion yen.
 And this framework, we don't think that we need to change in a major way this framework
 And within this, we will be making forward-looking positive investment.
 So areas of investment, priority area is IP, DTC, and technology.
 And this priority areas remain unchanged.
 That's all from me.
 So, we'd like to entertain the next question from Asahi Suzuki-san, please.
 Thank you for giving me the floor. I'm Suzuki Obasaki. I hope you can hear me. Yes. Go ahead, please.
 Thank you. I have two parts of question. First is the image sensor that they asked to this
 the pigment chip that the Taiwan TSMC is a company that you are expected to entrust
 to the supply, according to some reports.
 also this pigment and the, the, the chip that, that,
 like for iPhone and other applications and for the high level of the sophisticated
 the cameras, do you intend to further ask them to manufacture on behalf of Sony?
 is a couple-gupper connection is different, but as to some of the fundamental technologies
 maintained by your company Sony but I think the chips are maybe likely to be
 entrusted to the the TSMC and so on to produce on behalf of you in
 In conjunction, the TSMC will have a new plant in Kumamoto, a logic wave of the factory that
 it has been a missing piece so that the Japanese government is likely to give subsidy to that
 new plant in Kumamoto, but it's expected that this new chip for the pigment and so forth
 it's likely to be producing commemoration as well.
 Now, turning to the electric vehicle that the President Yoshida announced about the mobility
 area and you have a new Sony mobility company is likely to be established in the spring.
 But you might have higher details, they have like the scale of this new company as well
 the exact timing to establish new company because Mr. Totoki has to the new mobility
 company, together with Karnish-san, and I understand that you have some chat with him
 about which triggered you, you are the founder of Sony Bank
 and other new businesses in the past. So for the new, uh, the, uh, company to be
 service are you going to nurture this Sony mobility ink to be a big company as
 That's wonderful.
 Tell us, I'd like to hear your view on the mid to long term in terms of how to nurture
 Sony Mobility Inc., and so on.
 And turn to the first question about this, the image sensor that you are likely to entrust
 production to the TSMC, but actually it's not announced by us, but I don't have a direct
 answer to that. But anyway, as to the external production by like, possibly like TSMC, that
 that the logic there is mostly to be produced outside, but it's called the master of the process.
 As to the master process, it's quite limited because as of now, we do not intend to increase
 at the image sensor chip that is a master process, we do not intend to ask the outside
 company to produce much of that.
 As to your second part of the question, Sony mobility, when would that be built at the
 spring of 2022 that has been mentioned by President, CEO Yoshida, answered exact timing
 When the company will be established,
 We have to scrutinize and consider the details
 of this new company.
 So after that is decided, at that optimal timing,
 We'd like to publish that information.
 Let me add to that.
 The Sony Mobility Inc. will be established, and we will consider to be engaged in the
 and mobility sector.
 That was at the SES we announced, so we didn't exactly decide on the exact entry into that
 sector. As to the automobile industry, there are lots of things we have to study about the
 automobile industry.
 So as to this establishment of Sony Mobility Inc., which
 She's the first step, and that will enable us to further deepen our study and consideration.
 That's what we mean by building a new company.
 Of course, for the long-term future,
 we might like to nurture this company as a hope,
 to nurture that's an important big company,
 But specifically, what would that be, a specific business,
 scale the business and other things. Well, it's too premature to mention the details
 of this new company.
 Thank you.
 Next question. We have Nishida-san, a freelance reporter.
 This is Nisha speaking. Can you hear me? Yes, we can.
 Please, go ahead. I have two questions.
 The first question is that the semiconductor devices shortage is the topic PlayStation 5
 And EPNNS products have impact from the shortage.
 And is there any change in the product mix as a result or any change in the product line
 for to ensure the performance and also that may have an impact on platform so if you could
 to expand more on the impact of the supply shortage
 on your performances.
 And next on the game business, your rival, Microsoft,
 has announced a large-scale purchase.
 Is there any plan to have a purchase of a large publisher type supplier?
 And also, is there any impact on your game business
 who, because of that, can publish a type acquisition by your competitor.
 Thank you.
 about the semiconductor shortage.
 And, two, that we do have a variety of impacts on our businesses, and largely we have shortage
 of components, so we need to put higher priority on the high-value-added products.
 That is not something new to us, though, that when the semiconductor shortage started,
 We made a lot of adjustments to change the product mix and allocate to different product
 clients. And regarding the PS5, in terms of a short-term profit, promotion cost was saved
 or high logistics cost has been saved because of the decline in the units,
 that leads to the decline in expenses.
 But we plan to – we hope to ship as many units as we can, so we will exert our efforts.
 Now, in terms of the impact on the long-term platform that the, right now, under the limited
 And uhhhh...
 shipping capability. I think that's a short-term impact. We think we can catch up. And from
 PS4, when we moved from one console generation to the next, there was a large change, a drop
 in engagement and also sales and profit changes drastically so there was a very sharp quick
 phenomenon that has softened recently and obviously we hope to see a quicker
 recovery, but we also see the situation is rather limited in terms of the impact.
 Now, in terms of the acquisition by our competitor, we're not in a position to make any comments,
 So it is difficult for us to say anything, but...
 They have announced the intention to purchase, but that has not been completed yet.
 And what kind of business model change will take place is something we don't have a clear picture yet.
 yet. So for the computer's large-scale M&A, we do not want to speculate, and rather we
 We want to pursue and execute our strategy at the right timing, and we want to focus
 on that, that's it.
 We'd like to move on to the next question.
 Nick KBP, next time, please.
 Hello, can you hear me? Yes, we can. Please.
 Thank you for letting me ask questions.
 I have two questions.
 First, it's about VR.
 at says the other day
 new device.
 VR2 was announced.
 On the other hand, environmentally,
 The competitors are increasing their units and investing a large amount of money and
 and the momentum is there currently via our business.
 How, what each of you about promoting VR business going forward?
 a second.
 games. Currently, Sony Music is the main player, but the SIE itself will be considering a mobile
 mobile games business. So what is the direction that you have in mind?
 Thank you.
 Your first question regarding VR, PSVR2, at CES, we have already explained.
 The users have the sense of image, so set up itself will be simplified, and headset will
 will be evolving and will be evolving the headsets.
 And already this is announced, evolution of headset 4K HR displayed with a wider viewing
 angle and the movement of the eye of the player is detected looking at certain
 direction, then it's possible to manipulate the, so for the rendering, the high resolution
 center of the view and external then lower resolution. By that high quality image
 experience can be given to the users. Such technology is introduced.
 Also, the motor vibration head set and haptic head set feedback.
 This will be introduced as a technology as well.
 We already made the decision.
 In relation to VR already, further technological evolution.
 And there's room for evolution, hardware and software.
 And with this evolution of technology,
 it is expected that market is also going to expand.
 So.
 with a horizon called of the mountain.
 The first party title is already announced simultaneously.
 So in this way, we have our technology and contents that we have, an ecosystem movie
 be leveraged and we are going to enhance presence in this market.
 Then, the second question. Mobile games.
 Mobile game market itself is a growth area.
 and PlayStation IP can be used by more users.
 and this is a great opportunity for us.
 As for the timing, it's very hard to say exactly when.
 but PlayStation IP will be deployed for the IPs.
 So, I believe that we can grow this steadily.
 these attempts and the specifics, when the appropriate timing comes, then we are going
 to explain to you more clearly. Thank you.
 Our time is running short, so we'd like to entertain the last question for this session.
 She's my son from NHK, please.
 Thank you very much. I'm Shimai Obinichke.
 I have two parts of questions.
 The first is about your performance and achievement because the results are very good.
 Frankly, I'd like to ask you a frank interpretation of this.
 Despite the COVID-19, you would achieve it well.
 So, taking into account this difficult environment,
 What kind of good measures have we implemented to achieve such a good result?
 That's one question.
 The second question is about EV.
 So, in the future investment, in terms of the 2-3 yen for this strategic investment,
 You didn't refer to EV, but this spring, new company will be established, and then maybe
 the different consideration we made.
 in that strategic investment framework of two trillion,
 that will that include EV?
 you intend to spend the money for EV or you rather than tapping into that budget,
 that maybe the more the game will be the focus of spending money for strategic investments
 What do you think of this?
 No.
 Thank you for your question.
 As to this question,
 Because this adds to the third quarter, the results, what is my impression, my comments,
 As you mentioned, despite the COVID-19 difficulty,
 The logistics were adversely impacted and semiconductor and other device components supply was limited
 for a long time.
 In many areas, this problem lasted for a long time.
 To cope with that situation, for each business segment, they would like to focus on what
 to what will happen next, based upon that good forecast,
 They take proactive measures to prepare for the difficulty.
 So that is why I think that we achieved the record high results that the sales and the
 profit in this third quarter. But not everything is rosy and good because
 PS5, it was a big demand. We couldn't supply enough to the increasing demand as to the
 image sensor, the profitability, that recovery did not progress as soon as we had expected.
 Those are the challenges we identified, and we'd like to consider that for the future.
 That's the second question.
 It is our investment idea toward EV.
 Well, about the EV, as has been mentioned earlier,
 We assume that we'd like to start with the asset light condition with possible partners
 Do I like it?
 As to our concept, for example, standalone, we might not
 have that the big production facility or the developer own battery that kind of
 The capital intensive activity is not likely to be considered in a business model.
 Without such a capital intensive activity, the capital intensive activity is not likely
 As an assumption, we would like to achieve the vision we have advocated.
 So that's how we are considering the eBit business.
 So what's your vision toward EV?
 Demi-Vipit.
 that the mobility environment space should be evolved into a more entertainment space.
 So the new kind of the customer experience and values should be provided through that.
 Thank you.
 Now it is time to close the Q&A session for the media people.
 we'll be changing our responders.
 So the Q&A session for analysts will start at 4.20.
 420
 Now, we will be starting the Q&A session for the investors and analysts.
 Please wait for a few more seconds.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for waiting. Now we'd like to start the Q&A session for investors and analysts.
 My name is Hayakawa, in charge of financial services and IR, observing as the moderator.
 And as responders, we have Mr. Hiroki Totoki, Executive Deputy President and CFO, and Ms.
 Now, Mi Mazzocca, SVP for Corporate Planning and Control and Finances, NIR, and also SVP
 Mr. Ibotoshi Kurenaga.
 If you have questions, please press the asterisk N number one on your phone and I will name
 you and we ask you to limit your questions up to two questions and two
 prevent the howling and please make sure to turn off the volume of the devices
 around you. And if the line gets chopped, and because of the time concern, we'll move
 on to the next person with a question.
 And if you want to cancel your request for question, please press the asterisk N2.
 Now all start the Q&A session.
 Once again, if you have a question, please press the asterisk N1 at your phone.
 we have from Morgan Sarenay.
 I want Mr. Ono.
 Thank you.
 And regarding the games, I have two questions.
 The first question is that the PlayStation 5, what is your forecast for the future from
 the second quarter, Todoki-san's speaking tone from the 14.8 million original target
 to that has been set back, and especially this time, reduced substantially.
 And was your forecast for the next quarter in May last year, Mr. Jim Lyon was saying
 that he hopes to shoot for the record high.
 and 22 to 23 million, I believe, was the target.
 So what is your feel for the demand and also what is your prospect for your supply capability?
 And the second question is that regarding a strategic investment, at this time you have
 invested in one of the, for the investment in the bungee as a games segment investment.
 Now the remaining budget, you have about 110 billion yen or so to invest.
 And what is your criteria for investment decisions for them?
 For example, for a game, when you invest it in every game,
 There was a small game house, and there was an investment for content IP, and that was
 your priority back then, but this time you will have a total ownership and we will intend
 to retain the subscription or you want to improve your first party development capability
 or what is your criteria for investment decision?
 Thank you for your questions.
 The first question was that the PS5 expectation for the next fiscal year.
 And in the past, the record was the 22.6 million yen, the first playstation, I believe.
 he was a single-year unit.
 And that is what we were saying,
 that we will try to copy again.
 But in terms of the next year, the market demand is very high.
 that could allow us to make a record high sales.
 Now our partner company is supplying us the components.
 We are working closely with them, collaborating, negotiating, and working with them closely
 And we hope we can make that happen.
 but in terms of P.S.
 there was a we believe that the next year I think it's safe to say that the
 We will continue to have supply disruption in terms of the components globally because
 of the distribution problem and so on.
 So we can't say for sure what is exactly the demand for next year.
 having a high target we have, and if we bring it down, we may ease ourselves to go for the
 the lower target. And so I think it is good to maintain the high target. So in the consolidated
 performance report, we will have a more exact forecast for the fiscal year 22.
 And so that's the first asset to the first question.
 And the second question was about our concept of strategic investment, and in the past,
 We were investing.
 we in IP and that's what we've been saying and we will
 And obviously, IPs have market prices as fair values.
 so we
 tend to
 look for the future upside potential with our involvement.
 And that is our criteria for investment decision.
 And I think that will improve our investment efficiency and also will generate a premium.
 and how we can rationalize that premium.
 in terms of the scale of the investment.
 We don't have a clear criteria in terms of the size of the investment, but looking at our balance sheet and also financial capabilities.
 So capabilities and risk will be studied very closely
 to decide any investment.
 And also, you used an example of partial purchase or total purchase you mentioned, and we need
 to work with our partner.
 We cannot decide single-handedly ourselves
 If it is a good company, we would wish to purchase 100%,
 but if we are men about
 100% purchase, we may have difficulty having a good alliance.
 So we will give considerations for long-term partnership and alliance, that's all.
 We like to move on.
 Katsura-san from SMPC, NICOLE.
 Thank you.
 I have two questions.
 First, about the impact of the shortage of components.
 next is VisionS, the first one, impact of the shortage of components.
 the supplementary materials number page 7, inventory asset included, if you can respond.
 Shortage of components and cost increase and the impact of that, what kind of impact was there?
 EPNS and GNS as well.
 Can you please enlighten me and quantitatively explain?
 The QEP&S, 60 to 70 billion of buffer or risk was incorporated.
 this time, applied revision of $20 billion for profit.
 So compared to second quarter, it turned out.
 That it was better, slightly better, but on the other hand situation is such that it is prolonged, so what is your thinking behind this?
 This is the first question.
 Second question.
 earlier
 uh... the question by the media people
 talked about Sony's mobility.
 And asset light is your posture in the equity market.
 former TV business, there is a concern as in case of TV business, you will be suffering
 from long-term losses. So Sony Mobility Inc, what kind of risk return are you thinking
 about and also investment of the manager of resources, the situation in the past and going
 forward to the extent that you can share with us, please enlighten me.
 Thank you. Thank you very much. First, the shortage of components and impact of the cost
 increase, including inventory level, and you asked me to explain, first of all, this fiscal
 area as the end of third quarter, inventory level.
 I think it's good to talk about inventory level.
 by category, if I may explain.
 game network service with the holiday season there's a decrease in inventory
 level.
 5 shortage of components which resulted in decrease in the inventory so there's
 not sufficient level of inventory.
 E. P. and S.
 With the holiday season, the decrease of the completed products with the increase in TV panel.
 And this is the key.
 and ready in preparing for the shortage
 of materials strategic stockpiling is being done.
 next fiscal year also to a certain extent.
 We are anticipating a shortage, especially in the first half.
 So we can expect that for some of the products.
 So gradually, we are building up our inventory.
 Okay.
 Therefore, although there was a decrease in the inventory
 of the completed products because of the holiday season,
 but with the stockpiling of a strategic stockpiling
 and the confusion of the supply chain.
 there's a delay of the delivery period.
 So these two factors are upsetting one another.
 the level of panel inventory is a profit level.
 I am the SS.
 As you all know, in China, smartphone market recovery is slower and there is an increase
 in the level of inventory in the market, which resulted in increasing the level of inventory.
 but demand forecast for next fiscal year and the production capacity considering that and
 building up the strategic inventory toward the end of the fiscal year.
 And this policy remains unchanged.
 therefore
 It's very difficult to say in a summery fashion.
 But next fiscal year, looking at the business
 for next fiscal year.
 As for the inventory, that is deemed to be necessary
 As we move towards the end of this fiscal year, we are going to build up the level of
 of inventory. That is the basic thinking.
 And then, Vision S.
 risk return and investment of managerial resources.
 But we are not at the stage where we can give you a clear-cut answer yet.
 And as has been repeatedly mentioned, asset light is what we have in mind.
 So, we are not thinking of making big investment into this area, more specifically, development
 of battery or development and having the manufacturing facility for the vehicles itself or sales
 infrastructure or maintenance infrastructure to be held by us, we are not thinking of doing
 these basically we tap upon partnerships or similar relationship and we are going to be
 as light as possible, and with the evolution of vehicles, with our technological element,
 we are going to contribute and as a long-term vision, the space of vehicles are to be turned
 into new entertainment space.
 That is our long-term vision.
 Therefore, for example, in the mid-range plan, period,
 to Trillion strategic investment.
 Is that included in that?
 We are not thinking about investment at that scale,
 and this is not realistic.
 Please understand in that way.
 Thank you.
 We would like to entertain the next question, can you send them please?
 Can you hear me?
 of MISUHO securities.
 I have one question.
 I don't talk to them.
 as the CFO mentioned.
 But I'd like to hear your personal view.
 But in terms of North America, what is the final ultimate demand in North America in
 in case of your company, the game hardware, the software, and the music and pictures as
 with electronics, and you cover everything, hardware, software, and contents.
 very comprehensive. So, when you summarize all activities of that fiscal year, and then
 this taking into contemplation as well as the change of the interest rates and so on.
 is your view of the summary, as well as toward the first half of the next week's
 What is the overall perspective according to each segment?
 If not, please tell us some of the highlights of that situation.
 Thank you.
 about the question is about North American demand and the business outlook.
 Well, I'm quite concerned about its outlook in North America, as you say that the interest
 rates policy is at a turning point to be changed and geopolitical risks are now increasing
 and the midterm election is scheduled to be held.
 So all these are stable elements are likely to be
 And depending upon the situation, maybe demand might be affected.
 And I'm getting the latest information, updating that understanding from different business
 segments, but for the time being, there's no clear trend of this deceleration in the
 the North American market. That's my frank perspective right now. However, especially
 In terms of, if I look at TV, during the latter half, of course, Europe and Japan compared
 to the previous year.
 there's sort of a sign of deceleration or slowdown a little bit but has been expected but in Tubesu,
 North America, better than we had expected,
 Dining the strength seems to be maintained, and the momentum is kept in North America.
 What about entertainment?
 speaking entertainment is doing well in general.
 However, the COVID-19 impact that this theatrical release would be subject to impact, if the
 number of the infected patients increases, so they have to revise this theoretical release.
 That's a flexible implementation of the policy.
 So that is likely to have an up-and-down, though.
 But the general demand of entertainment per se
 is not likely to go through major change according to my interpretation.
 So in terms of North America, things are going steady.
 It seems steady.
 Is it really true that it will never go through variation?
 Of course, I'm personally always concerned about that, any potential, I'm always keeping
 an eye. So if something and some negative signs are observed and detected, we'd like
 to take quick countermeasures and take action accordingly.
 Thank you
 We are running short of time, so we'll make the next person to be the last.
 and we have Maeda-san of JP Securities, JP Morgan.
 I had a son rather I have two questions regarding Banji
 First question is that in the earlier slide, you explained how it will be treated in terms
 of accounting.
 The 3.2 billion yen, one-third is about for retention purpose expenditure, about $1.2 billion.
 of the 1.2 billion and two-thirds will be used up in the first two years.
 So that's about $0.4 billion or $400 million annually.
 And also intangible assets, about 20%, about $700 million to $800 million.
 How do you plan to depreciate that in terms of the term period over which period as long
 as the best estimate you have will be fine and I know it's still pending on the
 regularity authorities approval and so if you have any prospect that we
 I appreciate it.
 The second question is about Mr. Tadoki mentioned in the future that you can get the upside.
 That will be the decision criteria.
 And what is the case for Banji?
 And also, for Banji, what is the upside for them to work with, to become a part of Sony?
 And also, upside for Sony to acquire here.
 Is that simply increasing the users or what kind of KPIs you're expecting to get gains
 from this investment.
 Okay.
 the first question.
 As we explained that the one-third will be for, it will be referred payment for retention purpose.
 For specific numbers, we still need to scrutinize and this time we're just giving you the rough image.
 So, that is the extent we hope you will understand.
 We will examine more closely, and if we have update, we will be sharing with you.
 for the, it will be included in the forecast for the next year, so we will be updating
 that number. Now, in terms of intangible asset, we are actually studying, examining that
 right now. So generally speaking, we look at about 10 years or so for depreciation. But
 And that depends on the contents of such intangible assets.
 So, Kurinaga-san, do you have any comments on that?
 Let me add some comments.
 What will be treated as expenses will be treated in two years, and that will be one-third of the investment.
 and there are a lot of conditions for that though and how it will be allocated
 for the first year and second year,
 That may not be 50-50.
 and necessarily.
 And also, in terms of the depreciation of the intangible assets, we will be allocating
 the purchase price to a variety of
 love.
 assets and we will identify the price tags for each one of them and then decide the depreciation
 period down the road okay and the second question was that the in case of
 bungee, what, as I commented in my speech, they are platforms, capabilities rather, ability
 to distribute to a variety of platforms and also live service they have
 that are capable to develop.
 And that's, those are something we have lots to learn from them.
 And therefore, our studios will learn from Bungie.
 And that is a very strong wish we have.
 And the budget side also is willing to work closely with us.
 And in the first year, we believe
 we'll put together a good plan.
 and drive that.
 And I believe it will generate upside from that kind of work.
 now from the other side
 The Banji, the personnel retention and recruiting, I think we can help them and support them,
 and we hope to be able to do so.
 Also, not just for gaming area, but the multi-using of IP and merchandising of IPs like good title,
 maybe game title, maybe put into the pictures.
 movies
 And Banji want to nurture the IP they have in the multidimensional manners, and that's
 their hope.
 And for that, we believe...
 We can help that.
 We have pictures and music and Banshee can use, leverage our platform so that they are
 IP can flourish and grow big, and that's all.
 The time has come to close Sony Group Corporation's earnings announcement.
 I thank you very much for joining us today.