Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time to start Sony Group Corporation's FY21 third quarter earning announcement. I'm Okada, Corporate Communications. I'll be serving as Master of Ceremonies today. The session is being held for journalists, analysts, and institutional investors to whom we have sent out invitations in advance. This session will be live webcast through our Investor Relations website. First, we have with us Mr. Totoki, Executive Deputy President and CFO, to explain third quarter FY21 consolidated results and the forecast for consolidated fiscal 2021 results. The duration is about 70 minutes. Mr. Totoki, the floor is yours. Thank you. I will cover the topics written here today. FY21 Q3 consolidated sales increased 13% compared to the same quarter of the previous fiscal year to 3 trillion 31.3 billion yen, and consolidated operating income increased a significant 113.3 billion yen year on year to 465.2 billion yen. Both were record highs for the third quarter. Income before income taxes increased 77.8 billion yen year on year to 461.6 billion yen, and net income attributable to Sony Group Corporation shareholders increased 35.4 billion yen to 346.2 billion yen. Please see pages 3 to 6 of the presentation materials for a depiction of each profit metric adjusted to exclude one-time items. This slide shows the results by segment for FY21 Q3. Next, I will show the consolidated results forecast for FY21. Consolidated sales are expected to remain unchanged from our previous forecast of 9 trillion 900 billion yen, while operating income is expected to increase 160 billion yen to 1 trillion 200 billion yen. We have also upwardly revised our forecast for income before income tax to 1 trillion 155 billion yen, and a forecast for net income attributable to Sony Group Corporation shareholders to 860 billion yen. Our forecast for consolidated operating cash flow, excluding the financial services segment, has increased 50 billion yen to 940 billion yen. This slide shows our forecast by segment for FY21. I will now explain the situation in each of our business segments. First is Game and Network Service segment. FY21 Q3 sales decreased to 813.3 billion yen, 8% lower than the same quarter of the previous fiscal year in which we launched the PlayStation 5 and sold major titles in conjunction with the launch. Operating income increased 12.1 billion yen year on year to 92.9 billion yen, primarily due to a decrease in selling general and administrative expenses and an improvement in PS5 hardware profitability, partially offset by a decrease in software sales. FY21 sales are expected to decrease 170 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 2 trillion 730 billion yen, and operating income is expected to increase 20 billion yen compared to the previous forecast to 345 billion yen. Total gameplay time of PlayStation users in December 21 was 20% lower than the same month of the previous year, which was immediately after the release of PS5, but gameplay time increased approximately 7% from December 2019, a quarter in which there were only a few major titles released. We think this was solid performance. In the fourth quarter, ending March 31, 2022, we expect user engagement to increase further because the major first-party titles Horizon Forbidden West and Gran Turismo 7 will be released. The PC version of God of War, released in January 2022, has received high acclaim among the PC gaming community, obtaining a Metacritic's Metascore of 93. Unfortunately, due to limitations on the supply of components, especially semiconductors, and an increase in delivery times resulting from the disruption of the global distribution supply chain, we have revised our FY21 unit sales forecast for PS5 hardware to 11.5 million units. Limitations on the supply of components are expected to continue going forward, but we are continuing to exert every effort to meet the strong demand for PS5. On January 31 in the US, Sony Interactive Entertainment entered into definitive agreement to acquire Bungie Inc., one of the world's leading independent game developers. With more than 900 creative people on staff, Bungie has a track record of creating blockbuster titles such as Halo and Destiny. As a longtime partner of Bungie, we have discussed various forms of collaboration with them in the past. Ultimately, we decided to pursue an acquisition because we gained confidence that we could grow even more by combining the corporate cultures of both companies as well as our strengths in the creative space. Once part of SIE, Bungie will operate as an independent studio and will continue to publish its content on platforms other than PlayStation. The total consideration for the acquisition is 3.6 billion US dollars and the completion of the acquisition is subject to certain closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. From calendar year 2014 to calendar year 2021, the size of the global game content market doubled, driven by add-on content revenue from live game services, which grew at an average annual rate of 15% during this period. We expect this trend to continue going forward. Bungie has capitalized on this opportunity from an early stage by incorporating live game services into its premier franchise, Destiny, and it has accumulated a wealth of experience and superb technology in the space. The strategic significance of this acquisition lies not only in obtaining the highly successful Destiny franchise, as well as the major new IP that Bungie is currently developing, but also in incorporating into the Sony Group the expertise and technologies that Bungie has developed in the live game services space. We intend to utilize these strengths when developing game IP at the PlayStation Studios as we expand into the live game services area. Through close collaboration between Bungie and the PlayStation Studios, we aim to launch more than 10 live service games by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026. In addition, we view the deployment of a game IP on multiple platforms as a major growth opportunity for Sony, as has been evidenced by the success of the PC version of God of War and other first-party games. Through this acquisition, we intend to acquire new users and increase engagement on platforms other than PlayStation, which will enable us to significantly advance our long-term growth strategy for further expanding the ecosystem of our game business. Catalyzed by the acquisition of Bungie, we intend to accelerate the growth of our first-party game software revenue, aiming to more than double the current amount by FY25. Now, I will use this conceptual diagram to explain at a higher level how this acquisition will be treated from an accounting perspective. Bungie is a private company, the majority of whose shares are owned by its employees, so the payment of the consideration is structured to incentivize the shareholders and other creative talent to continue working at Bungie after the acquisition closes. Approximately one-third of the US$3.6 billion consideration for the acquisition consists primarily of deferred payments to employee shareholders, conditional upon their continued employment and other retention incentives. These amounts will be paid over the course of several years after the acquisition closes and will be recorded as expenses for accounting purposes. We expect about two-thirds of these deferred payments and other retention incentives to be expensed in the first two years after the acquisition closes. Next is the music segment. Although sales of visual media and platform decreased, FY21 Q3 sales increased 12% year-on-year to 295.9 billion yen, primarily due to an increase in streaming revenue. Despite the impact of the increase in sales of recorded music, operating income decreased 4.0 billion yen year-on-year to 55.5 billion yen, primarily due to the impact of the decrease in sales of visual media and platform. The contribution to the operating income of the quarter from visual media and platform accounted for the mid-teens percentage of the operating income of the segment. FY21 sales are expected to increase 20 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 1.90 billion yen, and operating income is expected to increase 5 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 2.05 billion yen. Streaming revenue in Q3 continued to grow at high rate, 29% year-on-year in recorded music and 27% year-on-year in music publishing. The recorded music business continued to generate major hits, with an average of 36 songs ranking in Spotify's Global Top 100 songs during the quarter. Global superstar singer-songwriter Adele's album 30 became a historic hit, remaining number one on the Billboard chart for consecutive eight weeks after its release in November. Next is the pictures segment. FY21 Q3 sales increased a significant 141% year-on-year to 461.2 billion yen, primarily due to the blockbuster hit

Spider-Man No Way Home in motion pictures and the licensing of the popular US television series Seinfeld in television productions. Operating income increased a significant 121.1 billion yen year-on-year to 149.4 billion yen, primarily due to the impact of the increase in sales and the recording of a 70.2 billion yen gain from the transfer of GSN Games, which closed on December 6, 2021. FY21 sales are expected to increase 40 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 1,222 billion yen, and operating income is expected to increase 97 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 205 billion yen. Even when one-time items are excluded, operating income this fiscal year is expected to be the highest ever for the picture segment. Spider-Man No Way Home was released across the US on December 17, 2021, and went on to record the second highest ever opening box office revenue nationwide. According to the most recent data, its cumulative worldwide box office revenue is the sixth highest ever at approximately 1.7 billion US dollars, and it holds the record for highest grossing film in the history of Sony Pictures Entertainment. Other franchises such as Venom Let There Be Carnage contributed significantly to our financial results, and we are looking forward to the release this month of Uncharted, which is a movie version of a popular PlayStation game title. Despite our success, we will continue to pursue our flexible release strategy going forward, as we have done by postponing the US release of Morbius, a new film from the Sony Pictures Universe of Marvel characters from January to April of this calendar year. On December 22, 2021, Sony Pictures Networks India, a subsidiary of SPE, signed a definitive agreement to merge SPNI with Zee Entertainment Enterprises. The merger represents an opportunity to further accelerate the expansion and digitalization of our business by using the strengths of both companies to strengthen our digital distribution service in the rapidly growing Indian media entertainment market. We expect that the transaction will close in the latter half of this fiscal year, ending March 31, 2023, after obtaining approval of the Zee shareholders and regulatory authorities after the transaction closes. SPE will own the majority of the shares of the merged entity. Next is the Electronics Products and Solutions segment. Despite the favorable impact on sales from foreign exchange rate, Q3 sales decreased 2% year-on-year to 286.9 billion yen, primarily due to a decrease in unit sales of our products resulting from a decline in stay-at-home demand and a shortage in the supply of components. Despite the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates and an improvement in product mix, operating income decreased 23.3 billion yen year-on-year to 80 billion yen, primarily due to the impact of decrease in sales. FY21 sales are expected to increase 80 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 2,360 billion yen, and operating income is expected to increase 20 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 210 billion yen. Operating income margin for this fiscal year is expected to exceed 8%. The efforts we have been making to improve our profitability are steadily bearing fruit. During quarter three, the impact of the rapid decline in TV panel prices on consumer market prices for TV was more limited than we originally anticipated, and the shift to large-size TVs increased primarily in the US, Europe, and China. As a result, we are able to maintain the average selling price of our TVs as essentially the same level at the second quarter ended September 30, 2021. Nevertheless, we continue to be unable to fully meet market demand in multiple categories due to severe limitations on the supply of components. We expect this situation to continue to impact us in the fourth quarter ending March 31, 2022. We will continue to exert every effort to procure components, as that will be one of the highest priorities for this segment next fiscal year. Next is the Imaging and Sensing Solutions segment. FY21 Q3 sales increased a significant 22% year-on-year to 324.8 billion yen, primarily due to an increase in sales of high-end image sensors for mobile products. Operating income increased 13.3 billion yen year-on-year to 64.7 billion yen, primarily due to the impact of the increase in sales. Our FY21 sales are expected to decrease 30 billion yen compared to our previous forecast of 1,070 billion yen. The FY21 operating income forecast remains unchanged from the previous forecast. Despite severe conditions in the smartphone market, such as weakness in the Chinese market and shortage of components, especially semiconductor crews, the efforts we have made here to expand and diversify our mobile sensors customer base, as well as to recover our market share on a volume basis, are having some success. However, it is taking longer than expected to introduce the high-performance, high-resolution custom sensors that we have been working on with Chinese smartphone makers. So the speed of our productivity improvement resulting from an increase in added value products going into the next fiscal year will be slightly lower than the originally planned. Recently, the trend toward the Chinese smartphone market purchasing larger size segments for the high-end products is improving after having segmented due to the contraction of our business with certain Chinese customers. We expect the Chinese smartphone market to normalize in the second half of next fiscal year. Since we feel better about the possibility of sales growth and for the market share expansion next fiscal year, we will focus even more on increasing the added value of our products and strive to improve profitability. On January 25, 2022, Sony Semiconductor Solutions Corporation completed its initial investment in Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited as a minority shareholder. Sony will support JASM by assisting with the startup of this new logic wafer factory, which aims to begin mass production during calendar year 2024. Lastly, the financial service segment. Fiscal year 21 Q3 financial services revenue increased 11% year-on-year to 471.3 billion yen, primarily due to an increase in the net gains on investments in the separate account at Sony Life Insurance Company Limited. Operating income decreased 4.7 billion yen year-on-year to 35.2 billion yen, primarily due to deterioration in valuation on securities at our venture capital business and at Sony Bank. New policy amount enforced at Sony Life during Q3 grew at a higher rate than our competitions, driven primarily by our priority focus area of selling insurance to corporations. FY21 financial service revenue is expected to increase 120 billion yen compared to our previous forecast to 1,610 billion yen. Our FY21 operating income forecast remains unchanged from the previous forecast. Now I'd like to update you on our strategic investments. The amount of capital allocated to strategic investments, including the acquisition of Bungie, which I explained earlier, and repurchases of Sony stock from the beginning of the fiscal year until today, and increasing acquisitions and asset purchases that have closed as well as those that have been decided but not closed, totals approximately 850 billion yen. This slide shows the breakdown of the segments and areas in which we have allocated investment. The music segment portion of the chart does not include approximately 100 billion yen we have invested in music catalogs because the amount is included in operating cash flow under IFRS. We are making steady progress in accordance with our current mid-range plan of making 2 trillion yen or more of strategic investment, as we believe that the evolution of our business portfolio aimed at realizing long-term growth is progressing well. As I mentioned at the previous earnings announcement, we aim to accelerate the cycle whereby returns generated from previous investment are used to invest in growth, thereby realizing long-term growth. As of 2022 last month, President Yoshida announced that we will establish Sony Mobility, Inc. in the spring of this year, and we will explore the possibility of introducing Vision S to the market. The Vision S initiative aims to create new value and contribute to the evolution of the mobility by leveraging Sony's various technology and content and by adding new entertainment elements to a safe and secure moving space. Going forward, we will proceed with our exploration under the assumption that we will collaborate and align ourselves with multiple partners. That is the conclusion of my remarks. Thank you very much. It was Mr. Totoki, Executive Deputy President and CFO, Financial Officer. From 3.55, we have a Q&A session for media, and from 4.20, Q&A by investors and analysts. We set aside 20 minutes each for Q&As. Those journalists, investors, analysts who have already registered for questions in advance, please be connected to the designated telephone number in advance. And those of you who have not made a registration in advance, you can continue to listen to the Q&A session through Internet webcast. Please wait until the session is resumed. Thank you very much.

We will begin Q&A session for media shortly. Would you kindly wait until the Q&A session begins? Thank you very much for waiting. Now we are going to enter the questions from the media. Respondents are Mr. Hiroki Tokutoki, Executive Deputy President and Chief Financial Officer, Naomi Matsuoka, Senior Vice President in charge of Corporate Planning, Control, Finance and IR. If you have questions, please press asterisk followed by number one. When your turn comes, I'll call your name. So please identify yourself and your affiliation before you ask your questions. I'd like to ask you to kindly limit your questions to two. Also, in order to prevent feedback of the sound, please be sure to switch off the volume of your peripherals. Your cooperation is very much appreciated. In the event that your voice is disrupted because of the communication environment, we may have to move on to the next question, next person. And if you would like to cancel your question, please press asterisk followed by number two. Now we'd like to begin Q&A session. If you have any question, please press asterisk followed by one. The first question is Masuda-san from Nikkei Shimbun newspaper. Masuda-san, please. Masuda-san, can you hear me? Can you hear us? Yes, I can hear you. I have two questions. First question is you're thinking about strategic investment. The other day, you have made an acquisition and I think that you have made an announcement going forward, AV and semiconductors. You'll be coming up with new strategies and for each, the size of investment will become larger going forward. So as a management, you think that it is necessary to make large investment and investment deals. You have the ceiling of two trillion, but is that going to be exceeding two trillion or the acquisition in the orders of hundreds of billions of yen? Thank you for your question. Our thinking behind the strategic investment was a question that you have raised. Currently, as you know, three-year mid-range plan, strategic investment, we will be allocating two trillion for strategic investment. And as I mentioned in my speech earlier, 850 billion yen and we made decisions up until 850 billion yen. And this framework, we don't think that we need to change in a major way, this framework. And within this, we will be making forward-looking positive investment. So areas of investment, priority area is IPDTC and technology. And these priority areas remain unchanged. That's all from me. So we'd like to entertain the next question from Asahi Suzuki-san, please. Thank you for giving me the floor. I'm Suzuki of Asahi. I hope you can hear me. Yes, go ahead, please. Thank you. I have two parts of question. First is image sensor that asked this pigment chip that Taiwan TSMC is a company that you expected to entrust your supply. According to some reports, as to this pigment and the chips like for iPhone and other applications and for the high level of sophisticated cameras. Do you intend to further ask them to manufacture on behalf of Sony? Because the copper-copper connection is different. But as to some of the fundamental technologies maintained by your company, Sony. But I think the chips are maybe likely to be entrusted to the TSMC and so on to produce on behalf of you in conjunction. The TSMC will have a new plant in Kumamoto, a logic wafer factory that has been the missing piece so that the Japanese government is likely to give subsidy to that new plant in Kumamoto. But it's expected that this new chip for the pigment and so forth is likely to be produced in Kumamoto as well. Now turning to electric vehicle that the President Yoshida announced about the mobility new area and you have a new Sony mobility company is likely to be established in the spring. But you might have higher details. They have like the scale of this new company as well, the exact timing to establish new company. Because Mr. Totoki as to the new mobility company together with Mr. Kawanishi-san, I understand that you have some chat with him about which triggered you. You are the founder of Sony Bank and other new businesses in the past. So for the new company to be established, are you going to nurture this Sony mobility Inc. to be a big company as one of the pillars? I'd like to hear your view on the mid to long term in terms of how to nurture Sony mobility Inc. and so on. Turn to the first question about this image sensor. That you are likely to entrust the production to this TSMC. But actually it's not announced by us. But I don't have a direct answer to that. But anyway, as to the external production by possibly TSMC, that the logic is mostly to be produced outside. But it's called the master of the process. As to the master process to be entrusted outside, it's quite limited. Because as of now, we do not intend to increase the image sensor chip that is a master process. We do not intend to ask the outside company to produce much of that. As to your second part of the question, Sony mobility, when will that be built? It's spring of 2022. That has been mentioned by President CEO Yoshida. As to the exact timing when the company will be established, we have to scrutinize and consider the details of this new company. So after that is decided, at that optimal timing, we'd like to publish that information. Let me add to that. The Sony Mobility Inc. will be established. We will consider to be engaged in the mobility sector. That was at the CES we announced. So we didn't exactly decide on the exact entry into that sector. As to the automobile industry, there are lots of things we have to study about the automobile industry. So as to this establishment of Sony Mobility Inc., which is the first step, and that will enable us to further deepen our study and consideration. That's what we mean by building a new company. Of course, for the long-term future, we might like to nurture this company as a hope to nurture it as an important big company. But specifically, what will be a specific business, the scale of the business, and other

particularly what would be a specific business, the scale of the business, and other things. Well, it's too premature to mention the details of this new company. Thank you. Next question. We have Nishida-san, a freelance reporter. This is Nishida speaking. Can you hear me? Yes, we can. Please go ahead. I have two questions. The first question is that the semiconductor devices shortage is the topic. PlayStation 5 and EPN and S products have impact from this shortage. And is there any change in the product mix as a result, or any change in the product line to ensure the performance? And also, that may have an impact on platform. So if you could expand more on the impacts of the supply shortage on your performances. And next on the game business, your rival Microsoft has announced a large-scale purchase. Is there any plan to have a purchase of a large publisher-type supplier? And also, is there any impact on your game business because of that kind of a publisher-type acquisition by your competitor? Thank you. First about the semiconductor shortage. And two, that we do have a variety of impacts on our businesses, and largely we have shortage of components. So we need to put higher priority on the high-value-add products. That is not something new to us, though. When the semiconductor shortage started, we made a lot of adjustments to change the product mix and allocate to different product lines. And regarding the PS5, in terms of a short-term profit promotion cost was saved, or high logistics cost has been saved because of the decline in the units. That leads to the decline in expenses. But we hope to ship as many units as we can, so we will exert our efforts. Now, in terms of the impact on the long-term platform, that right now under the limited shipping capability, I think that's a short-term impact. We think we can catch up. And from PS4, when we moved from one console generation to the next, there was a large change, drop in engagement, and also sales and profit changes drastically. So there was a very sharp cyclical phenomenon that has softened recently. And obviously, we hope to see a quicker recovery, but we also see the situation is rather limited in terms of the impact. Now, in terms of the acquisition by our competitor, we're not in a position to make any comments. So it is difficult for us to say anything. But they have announced the intention to purchase, but that has not been completed yet. And what kind of business model change will take place is something we don't have a clear picture yet. So for the competitor's large-scale M&A, we do not want to speculate. And rather, we want to pursue and execute our strategy at the right timing. And we want to focus on that. That's it. I'd like to move on to the next question. Nikkei BP, Nezu-san, please. Hello, can you hear me? Yes, we can. Please. Thank you for letting me ask questions. I have two questions. First is about VR. At CES the other day, new device VR2 was announced. On the other hand, environmentally, competitors are increasing their units and investing a large amount of money, and the momentum is there. Currently, VR business, what is your view about promoting VR business going forward? And second, mobile games. Currently, Sony Music is a main player, but SIE itself will be considering a mobile games business. So what is the direction that you have in mind? Thank you. Your first question regarding VR. PSVR2, at CES we have already explained. Users have the sense of immersion, so setup itself will be simplified, and headset will be evolving, and will be evolving the headsets. And already this is announced. Evolution of headset 4K HR displayed with a wider viewing angle, and the movement of the eye of the player is detected. Looking at certain directions, then it's possible to manipulate. So for rendering the high resolution for center of the view and external, then lower resolution. By that, high quality image experience can be given to the users. Such technology is introduced. Also the motor vibration headset and haptic headset feedback. This will be introduced as a technology as we already made decisions. In relation to VR, already further technological evolution, there's room for evolution, hardware and software. And with evolution of technology, it is expected that market is also going to expand. So horizon of the mountain, the first party title is already announced simultaneously. So in this way, we have our technology and contents that we have, an ecosystem will be leveraged, and we are going to enhance our presence in this market. And then the second question, mobile games. Mobile game market itself is a growth area, and PlayStation IP can be used by more users, and this is a great opportunity for us. As for the timing, it's very hard to say exactly when, but PlayStation IP will be deployed for the IPs. So I believe that we can grow this steadily. So these attempts and the specifics, when the appropriate timing comes, then we are going to explain to you more clearly. Thank you. Time is running short, so we like to entertain the last question for this session. Shimai-san from NHK, please. Thank you very much. I'm Shimai of NHK. I have two parts of questions. The first is about your performance and achievement, because the results are very good. Frankly, I'd like to ask your frank interpretation of the results. Despite the COVID-19, you'd achieved well. So taking into account this difficult environment, what kind of good measures you have implemented to achieve such good results, that's one question. The second question is about EV. So in future investment, in terms of the 2 trillion yen for this strategic investment, you didn't refer to EV, but this spring, new company will be established, and then maybe the different considerations will be made. So in that strategic investment framework of 2 trillion yen, will that include EV? You intend to spend money for EV, or rather than tapping onto the budget, that maybe the more of a game will be the focus of spending money for strategic investments. What do you think of this now? Thank you for your question. As to the third quarter, the results, what is my impression, my comments? As you mentioned, despite the COVID-19 difficulty, the logistics were adversely impacted, and semiconductor and other device components supplier was limited for a long time. In many areas, this problem lasted for a long time. To cope with that situation, for each business segment, they would like to focus on what will happen next. Based upon that good forecast, they take proactive measures to prepare for the difficulty. So that is why I think that we achieved the record high results, the sales and the profit in this third quarter. But not everything is rosy and good because PS5 has a big demand. We couldn't supply enough to the increasing demand. As to image sensor profitability, the recovery did not progress as soon as we had expected. Those are the challenges we identified, and we'd like to consider that for the future. The second question, that is our investment idea toward EV. Well, about

that EV, as has been mentioned earlier, we assume that we'd like to start with the asset-light condition with possible partners to ally with. As to our concept, for example, standalone, we might not have that big production facility or develop our own battery. That kind of capital-intensive activity is not likely to be considered in a business model. Without such a capital investment as an assumption, we would like to achieve the vision we have advocated. So that's how we are considering the EV business. So what's our vision toward EV? Let me repeat that the mobility environment space should be evolved into a more entertainment space. So the new kind of customer experience and values should be provided through that. Thank you. Now it is time to close the Q&A session for media people. We'll be changing our responders, so the Q&A session for analysts will start at 4.20. Now we'll be starting the Q&A session for the investors and analysts. Please wait for a few more seconds. Thank you. Thank you for waiting. Now we'd like to start the Q&A session for investors and analysts. My name is Hayakawa, in charge of financial services and IR. I'll be serving as the moderator. As responders, we have Mr. Hiroki Totoki, Executive Deputy President and CFO, and Ms. Naomi Matsuoka, SVP for Corporate Planning and Control and Finances and IR, and also SVP Accounting, Mr. Igotoshi Kurenaga. If you have questions, please press the asterisk and number one on your phone, and we'll name you. And we ask you to limit your questions up to two questions to prevent the housing. And please make sure to turn off the volume of the devices around you. And if the line gets chopped and because of the time concern, we'll move on to the next person with a question. And if you want to cancel your request for a question, please press the asterisk and two. Now we'll start the Q&A session. Once again, if you have a question, please press the asterisk and one at your phone. We have from Morgan Stanley, Mr. Ono. Thank you. And regarding the games, I have two questions. The first question is that the PlayStation 5, what is your forecast for the future from the second quarter, Totoki-san's speaking tone, from the 14.8 million original target that has been set back, and especially this time, reduced substantially. And what is your forecast for the next quarter? In May last year, Mr. Jim Ryan was saying that he hopes to shoot for the record high and 22 to 23 million, I believe, was the target. What is your feel for the demand? And also what is your prospect for your supply capability? And the second question is that regarding the strategic investment, this time you have invested in one of the – for the investment in the Bungie as a games segment investment. Now the remaining budget, you have about 110 billion yen or so to invest. And what is your criteria for investment decisions for them? For example, for game – when you invested in a game, that was a small game house, and there was an investment for content IP. That was your priority back then. But this time you have a total ownership and you intend to retain the subscription or you want to improve your first-party development capability or what is your criteria for investment decision? Thank you for your questions. The first question was that the PS5 expectation for the next fiscal year. And in the past, the record was the 22.6 million yen, the first PlayStation, I believe it was a single-year unit. And that is what we were saying that we will try to copy again. But in terms of the next year, the market demand is very high that could allow us to make a record high sales. Now our partner company is supplying

I sells now our partner company is supplying us the components. We are working closely with them, collaborating, negotiating, and working with them closely. And we hope we can make that happen. But in terms of PS, there was a, we believe that the next year, I think it's safe to say that they will continue to have supply disruption in terms of the components globally because of the distribution problem and so on. So we can't say for sure what is exactly the demand for next year. But having a high target we have, and if we bring it down, we may ease ourselves to go for the lower target. And so I think it is good to maintain the high target. So in the consolidated performance report, we will have a more exact forecast for the fiscal year 22. And so that's the first answer to the first question. The second question was about our concept of strategic investment. And in the past we were investing in IPs. And that's what we've been saying. And we will, and obviously IPs have market prices as fair values. So we tend to look for the future upside potential with our involvement. And that is our criteria for investment decision. I think that will improve our investment efficiency and also will generate a premium. And how we can rationalize that premium. And in terms of the scale of the investment, we don't have a clear criteria in terms of the size of the investment. But looking at our balance sheet and also financial capabilities. So capabilities and risk will be studied very closely to decide any investment. And also you used an example, partial purchase or total purchase you mentioned. And we need to work with our partner. We cannot decide single-handedly ourselves if it is a good company. We would wish to purchase 100%. But if we are adamant about 100% purchase, we may have difficulty having a good alliance. So we will give considerations for long-term partnership and alliance. That's all. We'd like to move on. Katsura-san from SMBC Nikko. Thank you. I have two questions. First, about the impact of the shortage of components. Next is Vision S. The first one, impact of the shortage of components. In the supplementary materials, page 7, inventory asset included, if you can respond. Shortage of components and cost increase and the impact of that. What kind of impact was there? EP&S and G&S as well. Can you please enlighten me and quantitatively explain. 2Q EP&S, 60 to 70 billion of buffer risk was incorporated. And this time, applied revision of 20 billion for profit. So compared to second quarter, it turned out that it was better, slightly better. But on the other hand, situation is such that it is prolonged. So what is your thinking behind this? This is the first question. Second question. Earlier, the question by the media people talked about Sony mobility. And asset light is your posture. In the equity market, the former TV business, there is a concern as in the case of TV business, you will be suffering from long-term losses. So Sony Mobility Inc., what kind of risk return are you thinking about? And also investment of the managerial resources. The situation in the past and going forward, to the extent that you can share with us, please enlighten me. Thank you. Thank you very much. First, the shortage of components and the impact of the cost increase, including inventory level. And you asked me to explain. First of all, this fiscal year, at the end of third quarter, inventory level. I think it's good to talk about inventory level. By category, if I may explain. Game Network Service. With the holiday season, there's a decrease in inventory level. And PS5 shortage of components, which resulted in decrease in inventory. So there's no sufficient level of inventory. EP&S. With the holiday season, the decrease of the completed products with the increase in TV panel. And this is the key. And in preparing for the shortage of materials, strategic stockpiling is being done. Next fiscal year, also to a certain extent, we are anticipating shortage, especially in the first half. And we can expect that for some of the products. So gradually, we are building up of inventory. Therefore, although there was a decrease in the inventory of the completed products because of the holiday season, but with the strategic stockpiling and the confusion of the supply chain, there's a delay of the delivery period. So these two factors are offsetting one another. The level of panel inventory is appropriate level. INSS. As you all know, in China, smartphone market recovery is slower. And there's an increase in the level of inventory in the market, which resulted in increase in the level of inventory. But the demand forecast for next fiscal year and production capacity, considering that and building up the strategic inventory toward the end of the fiscal year. And this policy remains unchanged. Therefore, it's very difficult to say in a summary fashion, but next fiscal year, looking at the business for next fiscal year, as for the inventory that is deemed to be necessary as we move toward the end of this fiscal year, we are going to build up the level of inventory. That is a basic thinking. And then Vision S. Risk return and investment of managerial resources. We are not at the stage where we can give you a clear-cut answer yet. And as has been repeatedly mentioned, asset light is what we have in mind. So we are not thinking of making big investment into this area. More specifically, development of battery or development, having the manufacturing facility for the vehicles itself or sales infrastructure or maintenance infrastructure to be held by us. We are not thinking of doing this. Basically, we tap upon partnerships or similar relationship. And we are going to be as asset light as possible. And with the evolution of vehicles, with our technological element, we are going to contribute. And as a long-term vision, the space of vehicles are to be turned into new entertainment space. That is our long-term vision. Therefore, for example, in the mid-range plan period, 2 trillion strategic investment, is that included in that? We are not thinking about investment at that scale. And this is not realistic. Please understand in that way. Thank you. We would like to entertain the next question. Can you hear me? Oh, Mizuho Securities. I have one question. Totoki-san, as the CFO mentioned, but I'd like to hear your personal view. But in terms of North America, what is the final ultimate demand in North America in case of your company, the game hardware, software, and the music and pictures as well as the electronics, and you cover everything, hardware, software, and contents, very comprehensive. So the venue summarized all.

Very comprehensive. So they summarized the activities of that fiscal year and then taking into account inflation as well as the change of the interest rates and so on. What is your view of the summary as well as toward the first half of next fiscal year? What is the overall perspective according to each segment? If not, please tell us some of the highlights of that situation. Thank you. The question is about North American demand and business outlook. Well, I'm quite concerned about its outlook in North America. As you say that the interest rates policy is at a turning point to be changed. Geopolitical risks are now increasing and the midterm election is scheduled to be held. So all these unstable elements are likely to be influential. And depending upon the situation, maybe demand might be affected. And I'm getting the latest information, updating that understanding from different business segments. But for the time being, there's no clear trend of this deceleration in the North American market. That's my frank perspective right now. However, especially in terms of when I look at TV, during the latter half, of course, Europe and Japan compared to the previous year, there's a sort of a sign of deceleration or slowdown a little bit, but has been expected. But in terms of North America, better than we had expected, the strength seems to be maintained and the momentum is kept in North America. What about entertainment? Generally speaking, entertainment is doing well in general. However, the COVID-19 impact, that is theatrical release, would be subject to impact. If the number of the infected patients increases, they have to revise this theatrical release. That's a flexible implementation of policy. So there is likely to have up and down. But the general demand of entertainment per se is not likely to go through major change, according to my interpretation. So in terms of North America, things are going steady. It seems steady. Is it really true that it will never go through variation? Of course, I'm personally always concerned about any potential. I'm always keeping an eye on. So if something and some negative signs observed and detected, we'd like to take quick countermeasures and take action accordingly. Thank you. We are running short of time, so we'll make the next question, next person, to be the last. And we have Maeda-san of JPMorgan. I have two questions regarding Bungie. First question is that in the earlier slide, you explained how it will be treated in terms of accounting. The 3.2 billion yen, one third is about for retention purpose expenditure, about $1.2 billion. And of the $1.2 billion, two thirds will be used up in the first two years. So that's about $0.4 billion or $400 million annually. And also intangible assets, about 20%, about $700 to $800 million. How do you plan to depreciate that in terms of the term period or which period? As long as the best estimate you have will be fine. And I know it's still pending on the regulatory authority's approval. And so if you have any prospect, that would be appreciated. And also second question is about Mr. Toki mentioned about in the future that you can get the upside. That will be the decision criteria. And what is the case for Bungie? And also for Bungie, what is the upside for them to work with, to become a part of Sony? And also upside for Sony to acquire is that simply increasing the users or what kind of KPIs you're expecting to get gains from this investment? Okay. The first question, we explained that the one third will be referred payment for retention purpose. For specific numbers, we still need to scrutinize. And this time we're just giving you the rough image. So that is the extent we hope you will understand. We will examine more closely. And if we have updates, we will be sharing with you. And for the, it will be included in the forecast for the next year. So we will be updating that number. Now in terms of intangible asset, we are actually studying, examining that right now. So generally speaking, we look at about 10 years or so for depreciation. And, but that depends on the contents of such intangible assets. So, Kore-Nagasan, do you have any comment on that? Let me add some comments. What will be treated as expenditures, expenses will be treated in two years. And that will be one third of the investment. And there are a lot of conditions for that though. And how it will be allocated for the first year and second year, that may not be 50-50 necessarily. And also in terms of the depreciation of the intangible assets, we will be allocating the purchase price to a variety of assets. And we will identify the price tags for each one of them and then decide the depreciation period down the road. Okay. And the second question was that in case of Bungie, what, as I commented in my speech, their platforms, capabilities rather, ability to distribute to a variety of platforms. And also live service, they have a capability to develop. And those are something we have lots to learn from them. And therefore, our studios will learn from Bungie. And that is a very strong wish we have. And the Bungie side also is willing to work closely with us. And in the first year, we believe we will put together a good plan and drive that. And I believe it will generate upside from that kind of work. Now, from the other side, the Bungie, the personnel retention and recruiting, I think we can help them and support them. And we hope to be able to do so. And also, not just for gaming area, but the multi-using of IP and merchandising of IPs, like a good title, maybe game title, maybe put into the pictures, movies. And Bungie want to nurture the IP they have in the multidimensional manners. And that's their hope. And for that, we believe we can help that. We have pictures and music, and Bungie can use leverage our platform so that their IP can flourish and grow big. And that's all. The time has come to close Sony Group Corporation's earnings announcement. I thank you very much for joining us today.

