 Wow, very regal.
 Yeah.
 Greetings and welcome to RevGroup 2020 Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 A question and answer session will follow the form of presentation.
 if anyone should require
 operator assistance during the conference, please press star zero on your telephone keypad.
 please note this conference is being recorded
 I will now turn the conference over to Drew Knopp, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development.
 Thank you.
 you may begin. Thank you, Sherry. Good morning and thanks for joining us. This morning we issued our
 fourth quarter fiscal 2020 results.
 A copy of the release is available on our website at investors.revgroup.com.
 Today's call is being webcast and a slide presentation, which includes a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial measures, is available on our website.
 Please refer now to slide two of that presentation.
 Our remarks and answers will include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks that
 could cause actual results to differ from those
 expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks include, among others,
 matters that we have described in our form 8K filed with the SEC this morning and other
 filings that we make with the SEC.
 We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, which may not
 be updated until our next quarterly earnings call, if at all.
 references on this call to the quarter or a year or to our fiscal quarter or fiscal year unless
 otherwise stated. Joining me on the call today are our President and CEO Rod
 Rushing as well as our CFO Mark Skanechny. Please turn now to slide three and I'll
 I'll turn the call over to Rod.
 Thank you, Drew, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call this morning.
 I'd like to start by welcoming everyone back from what I hope was a healthy and happy holiday season.
 We are pleased to report improved earnings for the fourth quarter,
 where we achieve the high end of our guidance
 that we provided in our last quarterly call.
 Sales of $616 million were up 6% sequentially despite some lingering in-market challenges
 related to COVID-19, illustrating the benefit of a diverse portfolio of businesses, as well
 as momentum that we're building operationally.
 Our fiscal fourth quarter EBITDA of $28 million grew 45%.
 Our EBDA margin increased 150 basis points on a year-over-year basis, despite a 6% decline in our revenue.
 Our business generated 31% more EDBDA this quarter than we did in the third quarter,
 and we were able to convert those earnings into cash,
 allowing us to reduce our net debt by over $40 million within the quarter.
 We fully participated in increased demand for recreational vehicles
 and showed market share gain in three out of five product categories.
 while our fire and emergency margins
 approved throughout the year.
 the commercial segment was able to address
 an organic drop in sales of $120 million
 and limit our full-year decremental EBITDA margin.
 during the last nine months
 We face difficulties
 and perhaps some unprecedented external challenges
 while delivering three-quarters of
 sequential margin improvement.
 we still have much work remaining
 and we continue to operate
 through the challenges with parts
 supply and absenteeism
 tied to the COVID matter.
 However, we believe we're in a position to continue to deliver year-over-year improvements
 throughout the upcoming fiscal year
 through our operational disciplines and capabilities
 that we are building.
 one important cornerstone
 that we are committed to establish at REV
 is to have aligned and unified leadership team
 that operates under the principles of timely, data-driven, fact-based decision-making with
 the highest sense of ownership and accountability.
 we have spent quite a bit of time
 in the last few months,
 focused on leadership alignment and organizational
 structure, we have completed our review of the businesses, and we have implemented a
 redesign of our operating model.
 this was a thoughtful examination
 of how the business operates.
 where decisions are made
 and how we are structured to predictably deliver results,
 creating value for our customers and shareholders.
 The result aligns leadership and management on how we are going to run this business
 and where accountability sits within the organization
 while simplifying our business and optimizing
 our cost structure.
 There are many changes that were made to this process,
 but I will provide a bit of insight on a few examples.
 We made a decision to move our center-led parts business back to the business units.
 There was an initial hypothesis that growth would be achieved by implementing
 a consolidated centralized parts business stemming from some in-market synergies.
 That growth did not materialize.
 Our businesses inherently know our customers and products and have the institutional knowledge
 to answer questions and deliver results to our customers more efficiently.
 Further, the realignment will create a $5 million annual structural cost savings.
 outcome of reducing complexity for our customers, the unrealized growth, and what ended up being
 creating a duplicate cost structure
 drove the decision to make this change.
 This decision
 was a result of a careful examination of how to efficiently serve our customers and simplify our operations.
 Conversely, there are a few aspects of our operating model where we move more firmly to a center-led operation
 and becoming an operating company.
 These include development of a center-led activities related to operational excellence
 and commercial excellence, where scaling of capabilities and processes will yield value
 creation for our shareholders. Many of these capabilities have been discussed by management
 previously but have lacked the commitment
 and rigor to yield sustainable improvements that create value.
 We are focused on changing that and making investments in new personnel and technologies to our operating model
 to build the disciplines necessary to drive sustainable improvement of performance.
 As part of our operational excellence, we are building capabilities to improve database decision-making,
 simplify operations, and improve efficiencies on our balance sheet.
 This includes discipline review and controls of corporate costs,
 manufacturing overhead, labor, and direct materials.
 It requires increased capabilities focused on engineering, manufacturing operations, supply chain, and purchasing.
 to accelerate the change process
 and create a best-in-class operations
 we have made several
 management changes.
 There are a couple that I'd like to highlight today.
 First, we've expanded the role of our commercial president, Brian Prairie,
 to include the role of Senior Vice President of Operations.
 In this role, Brian leads our manufacturing execution, operational excellence, and supply chain.
 Brian is a master black belt in Six Sigma
 a lean sensei
 and has extensive background in manufacturing operations and purchasing,
 making him the ideal person to build out our center-led operational efforts.
 He is well positioned to take on this dual role while continuing to lead our commercial segment.
 In addition, we have hired Rob Deslowski as Vice President and Chief Supply Officer.
 Rob joins Rev Group
 having recently led Honeywell's
 Intelligrated Global Supply Chain, and was Honeywell's Corporate Chief Procurement Officer.
 as CPO at Honeywell
 He managed an $18 billion annual spend portfolio, as well as leading 3,000 global procurement specialists.
 Rob has a very broad industrial background from aerospace, automotive, paint and coatings, and it includes logistics.
 He has had executive leadership roles with XPO Logistics,
 Dallas Bar, Reynolds Group, and Alcoa.
 he rings the rev group
 both
 the vision, and the execution capabilities to build the best class global sourcing organization.
 we're looking for and purchasing supply chain organization.
 combined with a sense of urgency
 to do this at a pace.
 Rob has only been in the position at Red for a few weeks,
 but he's taken an exhausted look at our infrastructure
 and as quickly to identify the list of opportunities.
 I'm very pleased to have Rob join our team,
 and I look forward to the impact that he will have on our business performance.
 In my nine months since joining REV, there have been challenges, some that were expected
 and some that were unexpected.
 we've implemented much change during that time
 and we began to see sequential improvements in our results.
 We have much work remaining in the months ahead, but I'm encouraged by the progress to date.
 I look forward to sharing more about the plans
 and the path forward with you during our Analyst Investor Day that we're planning for April.
 With that, I'm now going to turn over to Mark for details on our fourth quarter segment performance.
 Mark?
 Thanks, Rod, and good morning, everyone.
 Please turn to page four of the slide deck as I review our segment level performance.
 Prior to an emergency segment fourth quarter sales were $330 million, a 23% increase compared to prior year.
 This includes approximately $75 million of sales attributable to our acquisition of Spartan ER that occurred earlier in the year.
 Excluding Spartan, organic segment sales decreased 6% from the fourth quarter of last year.
 While organic fire sales are relatively flat, we ship fewer ambulance units due to lingering impacts of COVID.
 Although down from prior year, North American ambulance deliveries increased 21% sequentially
 and order trends continue to remain strong as municipalities
 and federal stimulus dollars prioritize health and safety needs.
 CARES Act stimulus dollars remain available for ambulance units delivered through the 2021 calendar year-end.
 continuing an important driver demand for our F&E segment.
 within the fire division
 Throughput increased sequentially once again at our E1 plant in Ocala, Florida.
 unit production was up 44% year-over-year, demonstrating the benefits of lean programs
 and operating disciplines that were deployed over the second half of the year.
 bring in lean expertise
 allowed a dual tract of affecting immediate change
 while allowing time to develop leadership,
 train internal resources, and build a pipeline of OPEX projects that will
 and sustain continuous improvement.
 We plan to follow this model of deploying lean assistance
 where we feel there will be an immediate impact while training our internal teams
 at all businesses through a lean academy that is designed to deliver annual throughput and
 cost out targets.
 F&E's segment-adjusted EBITDA was $14.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to $7.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2019.
 The increase was primarily due to the improvements in E1 just mentioned
 and the acquisition of Spartan ER.
 Amlin's EBITDA was relatively flat with the prior year,
 despite the decrease in sales due to productivity improvements at increased margins.
 most notably at our largest manufacturing location in Orlando.
 So, Spartan contributed $4 million adjusted EBDA to the F&E segment within the quarter,
 which completes three-quarters of integration that exceeded expectations.
 the addition of this world-class
 chassis manufacturing business
 provide you the center of excellence that will be leveraged across our fire
 businesses and brands, creating
 further opportunities for manufacturing
 efficiencies within the segment.
 Spartan is now
 integrated into the F&E segment operationally
 and we do not plan to call out
 its individual contribution in the future.
 Total F&E backlog was $966 million, up 16% year over year.
 This includes backlog acquired from Spartan and strong ambulance order intake throughout the fiscal year, including the fourth quarter.
 A decline in legacy fire backlog is largely the result of increased throughput at the Ocala plant
 and a decrease in fire industry unit orders that occurred from the onset of COVID
 through approximately September of 2020.
 Industry orders during that period declined over 25%.
 Since that time and during the final two months of our fiscal 2020,
 are order rates improved to levels on par with fiscal year 2019.
 fire backlog remains strong
 and now reflects competitive industry lead times.
 and ambulance backlog is at a record high, which provides a solid base for sales growth
 and conversion to earnings within the F&E segment.
 We currently expect year-over-year F&E revenue improvement versus this year's softness related to COVID absenteeism
 and inspection delays, which occurred primarily in the second and third fiscal quarters.
 At this time, absent another recurrence of the virus or additional government restrictions,
 we feel confident that we will convert to earnings more efficiently
 and with improved incremental margins.
 Turning to slide five, commercial segment fourth quarter sales were $91 million, a decrease
 of $56 million compared to the prior
 period, which included approximately
 $57 million from the shuttle
 businesses,
 is divested in early 2020.
 The organic decline in sales was related to lower sales at all businesses within the segment.
 Year-over-year school bus sales
 declined 14% in the fourth
 quarter, which is a significant
 improvement to third quarter decline of 31% and puts our fiscal second half 2020 sales ahead of
 reported declines in industry registrations
 for the same period.
 municipal transit sales
 decreased 40% versus the prior year, primarily due to delivery schedule adjustment to a large
 order to accommodate the needs
 of our customer that we disclosed in our fiscal third quarter.
 The change extended the delivery timeline through fiscal 2021, and there have been no further changes to that contract.
 Specialty markets remain depressed with sales down 40% versus last year.
 While this is an improvement from third quarter's decline of 50%,
 the sales were primarily
 existing stock units built to order cancellations or delivery or delays that
 that needed significant rework
 to meet customer specifications.
 Turning to segment-adjusted EBITDA for the commercial segment.
 Commercial segment adjusted EBITDA of $6.4 million was down 61% versus the prior year period,
 which included 1 million EBITDA related to divested shuttle bus businesses.
 The decline in EBITDA was primarily a result of the sales decline in all businesses,
 as well as the inefficiencies
 related to the rework of stock units within the Specialty Division.
 Although the stock unit rework had a negative contribution to performance in the quarter,
 given the severe end market declines in this business.
 we took the opportunity to right-size what had become an inflated stock unit inventory.
 within the bus division
 And despite revenue declines in both school and municipal markets,
 These businesses were able to continue to flex production with demand and contributed
 high single-digit EBITDA margins.
 Commercial segment backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was $274 million,
 down 14% versus the prior year quarter, which contained $86 million in the shuttle bus backlog.
 Excluding shuttle bus, an 18% organic backlog increase is the result of an increase in specially
 divisioned orders within the fourth quarter
 in timing of a large municipal transit order
 that entered backlog in the first quarter this year,
 partially offset by decreased school
 school bus orders.
 The increased specialty orders were for both terminal trucks and street sweepers,
 and this quarter marks the best order intake since fiscal first quarter 2019.
 we have been aggressively
 pursuing new
 contracts and renewals in these markets
 winning a large rental company contract for street sweepers
 and advancing in the bid process for terminal trucks at several national accounts.
 Last month, we were excited to announce a partnership with Heister-Yale Group
 to develop electric and hydrogen-powered terminal trucks to reduce emissions
 and increase efficiency and productivity.
 We are targeting the end of our fiscal year to have the initial prototypes available for market testing.
 with momentum in our specialty markets
 a longer cycle
 municipal transit
 backlog, we feel the commercial
 segment is in a position to grow revenue
 You know, despite uncertainty around the timing of a full-time return to the classroom,
 and impacts on school bus demand.
 As COVID-19 vaccines become more widespread,
 Fred, there is reason to be optimistic that decisions reopen schools and districts will
 benefit our peak spring selling season for school bus.
 Given the cost-out activities that we took this year
 across all of our commercial segment businesses,
 we expect
 increased volume and specialty and potentially school bus to convert at
 solid incremental margins.
 We anticipate the overall variability of 2020's commercial segment bottom line margin performance
 will dissipate in 2021.
 absent any new government directives that may impact
 end markets, employee attendance, or delivery acceptance,
 The near-term potential for this segment remains in the high single-digit EBITDA margin profile.
 Turning to slide 6, recreation segment sales of $194 million were up 12% versus last year
 reflecting strong wholesale shipments
 and retail demand for Class B, Class C, and towable units.
 Class A shipments were down mid-single digits versus last year as production was limited
 by supply chain constraints, primarily in gas units.
 We feel the backlog and production capacity are in place to support higher shipments
 once the bottleneck's clear.
 Despite shipping fewer Class A units, our award-winning product introductions continue to take market share,
 resulting in higher retail demand, increased pricing, and lower discounting and allowances.
 Recreation segment EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA with $20.5 million for the quarter, an increase of $12 million or 175% for the prior year.
 Adjusted EBITDA margin of 10.6% reflects the higher sales mix of non-Class A products within the quarter,
 as well as the impact of operating leverage and productivity improvements
 achieved across all categories
 with sequential and year-over-year margin gains.
 Despite lower Class A unit sales, profitability increased over 650 basis points versus fourth quarter 2019.
 and for a business that had recently struggled to break even,
 and it was encouraging to see profitability reach levels
 that had not attained over the past two years.
 We expect to continue this momentum by driving efficient manufacturing practices
 and commercial activities focused on dealer wins and market share gains that would deliver
 sustainable performance, not only
 during this upturn in demand,
 but across all parts of the demand and stocking cycles.
 Segment backlog increased 220% year-over-year to $540 million,
 which reflects strong order intake across all RV categories over the past six months.
 The past two quarters were historic highs for orders by a substantial margin, and our
 Current backlog is nearly double that of any point in Rev's recreation segment history.
 We feel this supports the current industry thinking that wholesale shipments will be up 20% or more in calendar 2021
 and at our product portfolio, niche market placements,
 and iconic brands
 lands us in a strong position to participate in that growth.
 As we move forward, we expect the sales mix of products to normalize as Class A production
 and delivery schedules improve and therefore would expect segment margins
 in the mid-single digits versus 10% achieved in Q4.
 On slide 7, consolidated full-year net sales declined 5% year-over-year to $2.3 billion
 in a challenging year that includes expansion of production activities at our recreation
 segment at the onset of COVID and
 unplanned disruptions related to the pandemic at several other businesses.
 Adjusted EBITDA declined 34% compared to fiscal 2019 to $67.5 million.
 Nearly 50 million, or three-quarters of that total,
 occurred in the second half of the year as revenue, throughput, and margins improve sequentially
 through the period.
 Rod mentioned a number of restructuring activities related to right-sizing the organization.
 This included decentralizing the parts business from the corporate center back into the individual businesses
 and sunsetting less profitable brands and dealer relationships within the portfolio.
 The total structural cost savings executed through our fiscal year end are expected to deliver a total of $10 million annually.
 Turning to slide 8, full-year net cash provided by operating activities was $56 million compared
 to $53 million of net cash provided
 in the prior year period.
 cash generated with primary
 rate to improvements in accounts receivable and inventory management, as well as an increase
 and customer deposits received.
 we will continue to work all
 aspects of networking capital, including reinforcing the disciplines needed to reach optimal
 inventory levels, balancing accounts receivable and payable terms, and aligning more of our
 businesses with a model that collects a greater
 amount of customer deposits.
 Net working capital at October 31, 2020, with $355 million compared to $373 million at the end of fiscal 2019.
 net debt as of october 31st was 331 million including 11 million cash on hand
 versus $377 million at the end of fiscal 2019.
 At fiscal year end, the company maintained ample liquidity with $283 million available
 under our ABL revolving credit facility.
 You may recall that our term loan amendment effective in April of last year reverts to
 a net leverage ratio of 5.25 times with certain ad backs related to Spartan acquisition in
 in the fiscal first quarter of 2021.
 We are confident that we will attain this target.
 may also recall that our term loan expires in April 2022. We will be working with our banking
 partners throughout the upcoming months
 to optimize our capital structure.
 structure.
 We do not plan to issue guidance today due to the recent recurrence of COVID-19 cases globally
 within our business across the country.
 The safety of our employees remains a top priority.
 Contact tracing, testing, and measures to prevent the spread of the virus
 come with uncertain staffing levels that impact our businesses and supply chain partners.
 The CDC has issued and continues to update new directives that we follow.
 Under these conditions, our customers' ability to travel and inspect vehicles for acceptance creates uncertainty of delivery and revenue recognition timing.
 Until we can reasonably predict the potential impacts of these changes,
 we feel it would not be prudent to give a range of estimates.
 However, with the emergence of vaccines, we hope to have better clarity when we host our virtual investor and analyst day in April that Rod referenced.
 Please save the date on April 15th when we plan to provide a deeper look at our business
 and operating model, and provide immediate term targets.
 If we feel that the operating landscape has become more predictable, we expect to also provide full-year guidance.
 We will extend a formal invitation to this event soon.
 with that
 I'll turn it back over to Rod.
 So I guess just a few closing comments, then?
 yep
 So, you know, the fiscal year 2020 has been challenging for the REV group and our employees
 in many regards.
 we have gone through
 a number of internal changes as we move towards the future.
 We sold a business, purchased it, and integrated a business during that time in which the exterior environment, as you all know, has been very often unpredictable.
 I'm pleased with the progress we've achieved in a short amount of time,
 given the amount of change we have experienced.
 Our businesses continue to have relatively healthy backlogs,
 and we believe they support revenue growth
 in the upcoming year.
 Most importantly, I'm very pleased with what our employees have done.
 And, you know, every day they put themselves in a situation where they've delivered on
 than they can to deliver on our commitments and deliver to our customers under some very adverse
 circumstances as we look to support the first responders and in our country so
 I'm very pleased.
 and want to thank them publicly for what they've done.
 And with that, I think we'll hold it over and have a Q&A with an open mic.
 So, questions and answers.
 Thank you.
 If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star too if you would like to remove your question from the queue.
 or participants using speaker equipment
 It may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys.
 Please ask one question and one follow-up question, and then re-queue for additional questions.
 Our first question is from Jerry Rivage with Goldman Sachs.
 Please proceed.
 yes hi uh good morning everyone and uh congratulations on a really strong performance
 Hey, Jerry.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 What really stood out was the margin performance in the RV business,
 and you alluded to mix helping.
 I'm wondering if we just stepped through, you know, looking at the year-over-year margin expansion.
 How much of that was improved productivity?
 how much of that was pricing mix, and do we think about the mix tailwind as being sustainable from here?
 Yeah, Jerry, as I said in my prepared remarks, you know, the mix really helps us.
 And I think we've always said that, you know, outside of Class A, those are double-digit performing businesses.
 So when you look at the mix there, our mix was down on Class A,
 And we really had two things helping us from a tailwind perspective,
 of the fact that we had a larger mix in those more profitable businesses being the class
 B, Cs, and towables, and Class A actually had a high concentration of diesel product
 within the quarter, which is
 more profitable than the gas product
 So even though we say COVID, a lot of the furniture issues we've had that we talked about previously were on our gas unit lines.
 And so even within Class A, we had a margin pickup from the concentration of diesel within the quarter,
 which we would expect to more flatten out
 to a reasonable normalized rate going forward.
 And, of course, as Class A continues to develop, it will get more to the 40-60 sort of split
 that we traditionally have seen
 within that group.
 So it really is just a matter of the amount that we sold within those other product categories plus the mixed benefit.
 And, of course, as you saw within RV itself, the productivity improvements that they had drove a, you know, significant part in that 650 basis point improvement.
 Their sales are actually down.
 Thank you.
 Go ahead.
 Sorry, please go ahead.
 Yeah, I'm saying the sales are actually down year on year, right?
 And so they actually were able to deliver a profit this quarter versus last.
 So that was majority of that benefit was from productivity.
 Okay.
 And in firing emergency...
 Okay.
 Nice to see you.
 Ocala, turn the corner.
 Can you talk about how the production rates have continued into December?
 December, have you continued to ramp higher, or was the 40% increase essentially get you to a normalized run rate?
 And when do we see, from an accounting standpoint, the lower per unit costs flowing through to the full extent?
 Well, I do think
 This is Rob.
 We have made considerable progress in that location.
 But there's still opportunity for us to even do much better there.
 So we, as Mark mentioned in his earlier discussion,
 and we've gotten back to more of a standard industry lead times,
 We continue to work on throughput on both aerials and pumpers in that plant.
 and we believe there's opportunities for
 continue market expansion through productivity.
 So while we're pleased with the path we're on and we're seeing this thing move
 and be able to look at our backlog and get to what we think is more of a standard lead time,
 we still
 believe there's opportunity
 to improve our efficiencies in that plant
 and get margin expansion in that business.
 So that's just work in front of us.
 Thank you.
 Yep, thanks, Terry.
 our next question is from
 Jamie Cook with Credit Suits
 Please proceed.
 Hi, good morning.
 I guess a couple questions.
 One, I think you noted on the commercial side you expected to see growth here every year.
 just a clarification
 I'm assuming that's, you know, normalized for the divestiture.
 So look at sort of the 90 million quarterly run rate when you're talking about growth.
 And I guess just my second question, can you just give more color?
 obviously the outlook on the
 on the bus side
 or the school bus side is somewhat, you know,
 uncertain. As you talk to customers, can you just talk about how they're thinking about
 buying trends in the latter part of the year, what would be the major drivers?
 What would they need to see to come back in the market and just sort of, you know, the overall age of the fleet?
 Thanks.
 Well, I think that, you know, this is right, you know, the feedback we have from in-markets
 or from dealer partners is that, you know,
 The whole uncertainty around school openings or schools that are open, staying opening, that's the driving factor.
 And right now, there's just tremendous uncertainty around that.
 The back half of this year is going to shape out differently.
 Obviously, with the emergence of the multiple vaccines, and I think what's a real drive for people to get back in school from the public,
 I think that's pretty clear that people want to go back to school.
 that makes promise
 We've got a couple things there I think could be tailwinds to help us get where we need to be,
 we're going to know
 I think by the time we get together in April
 We're going to know how that shapes out.
 but right now there's just too much uncertainty for us to look forward
 and project what that school bus market is going to look like,
 not knowing what the impacts of COVID is going to be
 until we see the success rate on this virus and what that looks like
 and further moving into the spring when we typically see April, May
 being when we start getting significant orders and deliveries.
 So that will be a time frame we're going to know.
 But right now, it's not clear.
 It's just a tremendous uncertainty.
 Everybody's kind of awaiting that time period.
 Sorry, and then just the commentary on revenues for commercial, I'm assuming it excludes the
 divestiture, so look at the 90 million quarterly
 run rate
 And then my last question, how to think about the corporate expense line, you know, as we look to 2021, any color there?
 Thanks.
 Yeah, so you're right on the commercial.
 You're exactly right, excluding the $90 million.
 And then on the corporate, of course, parts was part of the centralized,
 so that $5 million drops right to the corporate line so you could see that $5 million drop.
 That's where that was traditionally shown, the centralized parts business.
 Okay, great. Thank you.
 Yeah. Thank you.
 Our next question is from Courtney Yacavonis with Morgan Stanley.
 Please proceed.
 Hi, thanks.
 Good morning, guys.
 Good morning, Courtney.
 Back on the comment, appreciate that there will be a mixed shift in recreation next year.
 I think you said you expect, you know, in line with the industry, wholesale shipments up about 20%.
 But I think you had said that you were expecting mid-single-digit margins, and I think we've historically been seeing more high single-digit out of that segment.
 So just wanted to make sure I fully understood what you were thinking the mixed shift impact would have on 2021, given that Class A has been weak for some time now.
 Yeah, we've traditionally seen mid single digits, so, you know, what we determine as
 mid, right?
 5-7
 percent so that's probably in line what we've historically done but the mix shift really is
 what I referred to with Jerry's question
 is again
 Again, at 40% of our sales being in the RV or our Class A business, you know, those, as you know, are depressed margins.
 And so those bring down the ones that are at double digit from a run rate
 perspective. So it's really the fact that
 RV, our
 what we call our B. Our Class A
 was actually down from a mix, so as they come more to the 40% to 50% range,
 They were 40% in the quarter versus 50% in the prior year.
 So you had a 10% drop there from a mixed perspective.
 And so it's really that simple as far as looking at the other three businesses
 that we have in that portfolio at double digit
 and bringing in a lower single-digit mix from the Class A
 will actually depress those 10% down to more of the 5% to 7% range.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 And then any more specificity you could give us just on commercial and F&E margins as we think about impact next year?
 obviously appreciating that it's going to be dependent on your delivery
 reschedule, but any high-level thoughts
 on the margin side.
 Yeah, I think we said
 high single digits
 from that whole commercial side, but obviously on the capacity
 if you're talking about capacity, that's, you know,
 Last one, we're still with the backlog here.
 So as I said in my prepared remarks, we took the opportunity to a lot of the units that we had developed coming into what our normal selling season is didn't develop.
 develop but exiting the quarter we're very happy with some of the progress we made and our backlog
 is now performing, so we should
 sees the variability
 get out of there.
 but when you look at the total commercial segment,
 and we would expect a high single, sort of what we were expecting coming in the quarter
 if we wouldn't have had the issues that we experience on the commercial side
 and liquidation that we did on some of those stock units.
 So we would expect it to get more, like we guided to last time, more of the mid or the high single digits for the commercial segment.
 Okay, gotcha.
 And then I guess just lastly,
 Um,
 you know,
 You mentioned, you know, concerns about delivery schedules for next year.
 categories that has the most variability or you're most concerned about versus the ones that are
 or that you feel most confident in the delivery schedules for next year,
 just so we can get a sense of where the real risk is.
 By categories, you mean the business units or the product categories?
 Yeah, I guess I just meant
 you know, the, within the business unit, you know,
 Obviously, your recreation backlog is pretty strong.
 So do you feel like that's, you know, where you have the most certainty, you know, versus some of the product lines in F&E and commercial?
 I think that
 And, you know, the, you know,
 comment and let Mark clean up what I say.
 I think that when you think about in-markets that are affected by the issues,
 I think primarily, obviously, in-market demand in the school bus businesses is the issue.
 all the businesses
 that are subject to some level of supplier issues
 that we're dealing with.
 I think RV is probably the one that we've seen the most stock out,
 which is pretty consistent across the industry.
 the other element
 that we deal with a little bit
 which is a timing issue, not an impact probably within the fiscal year,
 is just the inspections that have to take place in ambulance and fire around getting a bus off the lot
 or a truck or an ambulance off the lot
 related to completing file inspections by getting people to the side.
 That's a real issue that we've been dealing with in terms of, you know,
 revenue recognition
 because that has to happen in order for us to convert the bus.
 So I think, you know, in school bus, it certainly is, it's in market demand.
 and there's some supplier issues that are spread throughout that we've been able to overcome for the most part,
 but they do pop up
 And we have to work through that.
 And then the last thing would be
 the businesses that are subject to inspections
 which is, you know, your emergency segment is where we see that at.
 Mark, I don't know if you want to add anything.
 I think that's right.
 I think, as we said previously, one of the things that we thought would happen here with COVID,
 But as people converted, like people working from home,
 We expected that more people would adopt virtual inspections for our ambulance and fire trucks.
 And as exiting COVID, our customers have come back to wanting to see their trucks in person,
 And with this resurgence here, we're hoping that they'll go back to virtual.
 but we have shifted back to wanting to do in-person inspection.
 So we haven't seen them going back to virtual.
 So obviously there is some flux there.
 if people would go back to virtual inspections, depending on what happens with the COVID environment.
 But we are back to our traditional, as Rob referred to,
 actually see in the units before they leave
 the yard so that we can revenue them.
 And that's really the delays that I was speaking to of.
 It's really our customers coming in and inspecting the units and approving them for shipment.
 Great.
 Thanks.
 As a reminder, this star one on your telephone keypad.
 If you would like to ask a question, our next question is from Raj Patel with Jeffries.
 Please proceed.
 Hey, thanks for taking the question.
 Quick one on F&E margins.
 What's the anticipated F&E margin expansion once all the production inefficiencies are
 sorted out, what do you think the new
 margin profile looks like in the new normal.
 go ahead yeah from a fire perspective obviously as rod has reiterated multiple
 times we're still in a multiple inning journey
 here so as he's referred
 to on the E1.
 we still have a lot of work to do
 We're seeing progression, but, of course, we have other facilities within the portfolio, too,
 that we're going to address, as I said in my prepared remarks.
 So we're still expecting to be in the double digits at the end of this journey, but we're still working through that, right?
 So, of course, we're not giving guidance here, but, again,
 it's still in a multiple-year perspective to get to that 10.
 And so we're just happy to see the progression here that we've seen
 throughout the quarter.
 And, obviously, our forward-looking will provide more guidance in April.
 Yeah, I think that
 There's, there's, you know,
 when you think about operational improvements and,
 and how you walk down that, what Mark referred to as a multi-enter journey.
 when you come into the royal,
 there's some quick things you can do
 to get pop and get improvement
 and then it's about building capabilities
 And I mentioned from an operational excellence standpoint, you know,
 standing up the lean capabilities and center-led type activities that get implemented in the plants
 around CI, around purchasing, building engineering capabilities to get design costs through VAVE.
 Those are things that you've got to do some capability building.
 But the good thing is that it's a continual improvement process where you're going to be getting at that every day by building pipelines to go execute again.
 And so we're in the process right now, coming out of our operating model discussion,
 of standing up those capabilities and building out those teams
 and doing the certifications that Mark talked about through lean
 that are going to yield benefit to us for a very, very long time,
 things that did not exist
 now we're standing up those capabilities
 and bringing on Rob to lead our purchasing organization
 and get focused on that significant
 spend, I think it's
 going to yield great benefit to us too so those
 will all contribute to a margin expansion story
 not only in emergency, but across the business.
 And so that's, but it does take work to stand it up.
 It starts with organizing and aligning and then investing in those capability building
 and then driving it through process rigor each day, each week, each month.
 That's helpful. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Meg D'Aubrey with Baird.
 please proceed.
 Thanks.
 Morning, guys.
 A quick question on
 quick question on chassis
 as you're looking at your
 current production planning based on your
 backlog? Are there any portions in your business where you're getting a sense that you're having
 either challenges obtaining chassis or the delivery timelines are extended.
 and look I mean
 I'm thinking specifically around ambulances and some of the stuff and recreation as well, like, you know, Class Bs and so on.
 Yeah, no, Meg, I'm glad to say we're not experiencing those.
 In fact, you know, we've had a pretty good supply chain from that perspective.
 so I was happy this quarter
 or not to be talking about chassis shortages for once,
 even though it's only my second one.
 So I know you've heard that consistently.
 so we've been very happy with that.
 In fact, you know, in the RV side especially, we, you know, we took advantage of what the
 run rates were going to be and actually ordered ahead
 So we're actually sitting with plenty of chassis from that perspective in that business.
 And then on the ambulance side, we haven't had any issues from a chassis perspective.
 when we've been getting our appropriate allocations from our OE partners.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 So then maybe my follow-up, sort of sticking with this theme,
 How do you think about steel prices and raw material inflation in 2021?
 one. What are
 some of the steps that you're taking to mitigate this
 because obviously, historically,
 this has been an area where we've seen some trouble in prior years.
 Thank you.
 So, I mean, obviously, on the parts of our business, which a large part of our business is build out a backlog,
 there's always the
 issue you're trying to offset inflation
 with your efficiency efforts
 because your purchase price is established on a backlog-based business.
 So we're managing that.
 Obviously, a big part of what Rob's efforts is going to be is to look at new purchasing
 to be able to offset that within a
 fiscal year so we can cycle
 through and get the margins that we need on a price-cost basis.
 So it's a lot around driving efficiency to make sure that we're doing everything we can to optimize our cost structure
 to have any leakage that does come through inflation into a backlog-based business
 we can offset through other means, and Mark, I don't know if you want anything to that.
 I think that's right, and that's one of the things that I'm working personally with Rob on,
 to make sure we understand those inflationary factors as we go through 2021 as well as our
 agreements with our supply base and that's one
 of the things that the
 Rob's getting acclimated to, and there's
 obviously a heightened focus in those businesses where we don't have the longer backlogs, we
 We've obviously come out with some price increases as our competitors have,
 So we're managing that with the supply base as well as our customers.
 I do think one of the things, you know,
 One of the things we're working on is trying to get in front of how we think about price as a function of inflation
 and to make sure when you think about a price increase
 or setting a price in the market
 that you're thinking about the build cycle
 and when that vehicle will get built.
 So you reflect some inflationary characteristics in your costing in the business.
 Most of our businesses have done that to some degree,
 but that's just something I think that we've got to get great around
 because when you're working on a backlog-based business
 and you're selling forward projection on deliveries,
 You've got to be thinking about the inflationary times that you're in
 and making sure that you're costing that vehicle such that by the time you're doing the build
 or you're shipping the vehicle that you've anticipated any inflationary costs
 and your price and cost.
 Absolutely, I understand that.
 I guess I'm just wondering, based on what you know today,
 do you believe you're going to be in a position
 where you can be neutral from a price-cost standpoint going forward,
 or should we try to bake in some kind of a headline?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, I think based on the data we have now,
 relative to price cost, the efficiency efforts that we've got in the business should yield
 is at a minimum
 neutrality in our performance going forward in the fiscal year.
 Appreciate it.
 Good luck, guys.
 Thanks, Mick.
 As a reminder, just star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you would like to ask a question, we will pause for a brief moment to pull for a final question.
 Thank you.
 There are no more questions at this time.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to Rod for closing comments.
 Okay, great.
 Well, thank you again for joining.
 and I appreciate the questions.
 You know, again, I want to take a moment as we close out a fiscal year
 in a nine-month period for myself.
 and then think about all the changes that we've made both in process and structure
 and people to thank our
 team for what's been a pretty whirlwind
 year
 considering all the external situations that all of us have dealt with.
 But on top of that, new leadership coming in and expecting to do things a different way
 and maybe change some thinking.
 I want to compliment our leadership team and also thank our front-line employees
 and what they've done to serve our customers
 and also serve this nation in getting these necessary vehicles out to our communities.
 So, again, I appreciate your time today.
 I look forward to seeing you all in April when we'll have a deeper discussion around where we're taking this business going forward.
 So have a great day.
 and have a great weekend.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.
 Thank you.