 Wow
 Are you Rico?
 Yeah.
 Greetings and welcome to Rev Group 2020 Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference
 call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.
 If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press Start Zero
 on your telephone keypad.
 Please note this conference is being recorded.
 I will now turn the conference over to Drew Knapp, Vice President of Investor Relations
 to incorporate development.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Jerry. Good morning and thanks for joining us. This morning we
 issued our fourth quarter fiscal 2020 results. A copy of the release is
 available on our website at investors.revgroup.com.
 Today's call is being webcast and a slide presentation which includes the reconciliation
 of non-gap to gap financial measures is available on our website.
 Please refer now to slide two of that presentation.
 Our remarks and answers will include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks that
 could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by such forward
 looking statements.
 These risks include, among others, matters that we have described in our form 8k filed
 with the SEC this morning and other filings that we make with the SEC.
 We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, which may not
 be updated until our next quarterly earnings call, if at all.
 All references on this call to the quarter or a year are to our fiscal quarter or fiscal
 year unless otherwise stated. Joining me on the call today are our president and
 and CEO Rod Rushing, as well as our CFO, Mark Schenetschny.
 Please turn now to slide three, and I'll turn the call over to Rod.
 Thank you Drew, and good morning everyone,
 and thank you for joining our call this morning.
 I'd like to start by welcoming everyone back
 from what I hope was a healthy and happy holiday season.
 We are pleased to report improved earnings
 for the fourth quarter, where we achieved
 high end of our guidance that we provided in our last quarterly call.
 Sales of 616 million were up 6% sequentially despite some lingering in-market challenges
 related to COVID-19, illustrating the benefit of a diverse portfolio of businesses, as well
 as momentum that we're building operationally.
 Our fiscal fourth quarter EBDA of $28 million grew 45%
 or an EVDA margin, increase 150 basis points on a year-over-year basis.
 despite a 6% decline in our revenue,
 Our business generated 31% more EDBDA this quarter than we did in the third quarter and
 and we were able to convert those earnings into cash,
 allowing us to reduce our net debt by over $40 million
 within the quarter.
 We've
 participated in increased demand for recreational vehicles and showed market
 share gain in three out of five product categories, while our fire and emergency
 margins approved throughout the year.
 The commercial segment was able to address an organic drop in sales of $120 million
 and limit our full year decremental EVDA margin.
 During the last nine months, we've faced difficulties and perhaps unprecedented external challenges
 while delivering three-quarters of sequential margin improvement.
 We still have much work remaining and we continue to operate through the challenges with parts supply and absenteeism
 tied to the COVID matter. However, we believe we're in a position to continue to deliver
 year-over-year improvements throughout the upcoming fiscal year through our
 operational disciplines and capabilities that we are building. One important
 cornerstone that we are committed to establish a rev is to have aligned and
 unified leadership team that operates under the principles of timely, data-driven, fact-based
 decision-making with a high sense of ownership and accountability.
 We have spent
 quite a bit of time the last few months focused on leadership alignment and
 organizational structure. We have completed our review of the businesses and we have implemented
 in a redesigned ever operating model.
 This was a thoughtful examination of how the business operates,
 where decisions are made and how we are structured
 predictably, deliver results creating value for our customers and shareholders.
 The result aligns leadership and management on how we're going to run this business and
 where accountability sits within the organization while simplifying our business and optimizing
 in our cost structure.
 There are many changes that were made to this process
 That will provide a bit of insight on a few examples.
 We made a decision to move our center-led parts business
 back to the business units.
 There was an initial hypothesis that growth would be achieved
 by implementing a consolidated centralized parts business
 stemming from some in-market synergies.
 That growth did not materialize.
 Our businesses inherently know our customers and products
 and have the institutional knowledge.
 to answer questions and deliver results to our customers more efficiently.
 As far as the realignment will create a $5 million annual structural cost savings, combined
 outcome of reducing complexity for our customers, the unrealized growth and what ended up being
 creating a duplicate cost structure,
 drove the decision to make this change.
 This decision was the result of a careful examination of how to efficiently serve our customers and simplify our operations.
 Conversely, there are a few aspects of our operating model where we move more firmly
 into a center-led operation and becoming an operating company.
 These include development of the scintillate activities related to operational excellence
 and commercial excellence.
 We're scaling up capabilities and processes.
 We'll yield value creation for our shareholders.
 Many of these capabilities have been discussed by management previously, but have lacked
 the commitment and rigor to yield sustainable improvements that create value.
 We are focused on changing that and made investments in new personnel and technologies
 to our operating model to build the disciplines necessary to drive sustainable improvement
 of performance.
 As part of our operational excellence, we are building capabilities to improve database
 decision-making, simplify operations, and improve efficiencies on our balance sheet.
 This includes discipline review and controls of corporate costs, manufacturing overhead,
 labor and direct materials. It requires increased capabilities focused on engineering, manufacturing
 operations, supply chain and purchasing, to accelerate the change process and create
 best-in-class operations, we have made several management changes. There are a
 couple that I'd like to highlight today. First, we've expanded the role of our
 commercial president Brian Prairie to include the role of senior vice president of
 operations. In this role, Brian Leeds, our manufacturing
 execution, operational excellence and supply chain.
 Brian is a master black whale in Six Sigma.
 Aline Sensei and has extensive background in manufacturing operations and purchasing,
 him the ideal person to build out our scintillate operational efforts.
 He is well positioned to take on this dual role while continuing to lead our commercial
 segment. In addition, we have hired Rob Deslowski as Vice President and Chief
 Supply Officer, Rob joins Red Group having recently led Honeywell's
 Intelligrated Global Supply Chain and was Honeywell's Corporate Chief Procurement Officer.
 As CPO at Honeywell, he managed an $18 billion annual spin portfolio, as well as leading
 and 3,000 global procurement specialists.
 Rob has a very broad industrial background from aerospace,
 automotive, paint and coatings, and it includes logistics.
 He has had executive leadership roles with XPL Logistics, Valspar, Reynolds Group, and
 He brings the Rev group both the vision and the execution capabilities to build the best
 class global sourcing organization we're looking for and purchasing supply chain organization
 Combine with a sense of urgency to do this at a pace.
 Rob has only been in the position to rev for a few weeks, but he's taken an exhausted
 look at our infrastructure and as quickly to identify the list of opportunities.
 I'm very pleased to have Rob join our team and I look forward to the impact that he will
 have in our business performance.
 In my nine months this joining rev there have been challenges some that were expected and some that were unexpected
 expected.
 have been the much changed during that time, we began to see sequential improvements in
 our results. We have much work remaining in the months ahead, but I'm
 encouraged by the progress today. I look forward to sharing more about the plans in the past
 forward with you during our Analyst Investor Day that we're
 planning for April.
 With that, I'm now going to turn over to Mark for details on our fourth quarter segment performance.
 Mark?
 Thanks for adding in good morning everyone. Please turn to page 4 of the slide deck as I review our segment level performance
 Firing emergency segment fourth quarter sales were $330 million, a 23% increase compared
 to prior year. This includes approximately 75 million of sales attributable to our acquisition
 the spartan ER that occurred earlier in the year. Excluding spartan, organic segment sales
 decreased six percent from the fourth quarter of last year. While organic fire sales are
 relatively flat. We ship fewer ambulance units due to lingering impacts of COVID. Although down
 from prior year, North American ambulance deliveries increased 21 percent sequentially
 in order trends continue to remain strong as municipalities and federal stimulus dollars
 prioritized health and safety needs.
 CARES Act stimulus dollars remain available for ambulance units delivered through the 2021
 calendar year-end, continuing an important driver demand for our F&E segment.
 in the fire division, throughput increased sequentially once again at our E1 plant in
 Ocala, Florida. Unit production was up 44% year over year, demonstrating the benefits
 of lean programs and operating disciplines that were deployed over the second half of
 the year.
 Bringing in lean expertise allowed a dual track of affecting immediate change while allowing
 time to develop leadership, train internal resources, and build a pipeline of OPEX projects
 that will sustain continuous improvement.
 We plan to follow this model of deploying lean assistance where we feel there will be an immediate impact
 impact while training our internal teams at all businesses through Alina Academy that
 that is designed to deliver annual throughput
 and cost-out targets.
 Japanese segment adjusted EBITDA was $14.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared
 to $7.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2019.
 The increase was primarily due to the improvements in E1,
 just mentioned in the acquisition of Spartan ER.
 Hamlin's EBITDA was relatively flat with the prior year,
 despite the decrease in sales due to product productivity
 improvements that increase margins, most notably at our largest manufacturing
 location in Orlando. Spartan contributed four million adjusted EBDA to the
 of F and E segment within the quarter, which
 completes three quarters of integration
 that exceeded expectations.
 The addition of this world-class chassis manufacturing business provides a center
 of excellence that will be leveraged across our fire
 businesses and brands, creating further opportunities for
 manufacturing efficiencies within the segment.
 Spartan is now integrated into the F and E segment
 operationally, and we do not plan to call out its individual
 contribution in the future.
 Total F&E backlog was 966 million, up 16% year over year.
 This includes backlog acquired from Spartan and strong ambulance order intake throughout
 the fiscal year, including the fourth quarter. A decline in legacy fire backlog is largely
 the result of increased throughput at the Ocala plant in a decrease in fire industry
 unit orders that occurred from the onset of COVID through approximately September of 2020.
 2020. Industry orders during that period declined over 25%. Since that time and during the final
 two months of our fiscal 2020, our order rates improved to levels on par with fiscal year
 2019. Fire backlog remains strong and now reflects competitive industry lead times and ambulance
 backlog is at a record high
 which provides a solid base for sales growth
 and conversion to earnings within the F&E segment.
 We currently expect year-over-year F&E revenue
 improvement versus this year's softness related to COVID
 absenteeism and inspection delays which occurred primarily in the second and
 and third fiscal quarters.
 At this time, absent now the recurrence of the virus or additional government restrictions,
 We feel confident that we will convert to earnings more efficiently and with improved
 incremental margins.
 Turning to slide 5 commercial segment fourth quarter sales were 91 million a
 a decrease of 56 million compared to the prior period, which included approximately 57 million
 and from the shuttle businesses, divestment,
 early 2020.
 organic decline in sales was related to lower sales at all businesses within the segment.
 Over a year school bus sales declined 14% in the fourth quarter, which is a significant
 improvement to third quarter decline of 31% and put their fiscal second half 2020 sales
 ahead of reported declines in industry registrations for the same period.
 Both transit fails.
 decrease 40% first the prior year, primarily due to delivery schedule adjustment to a larger
 order to accommodate the needs of our customer that we disclose in our fiscal
 third quarter. The change extended the delivery timeline through fiscal 2021 and there have
 then no further changes to that contract.
 Specialty markets remain depressed with sales down 40%
 versus last year.
 Well, this is an improvement from third quarter's decline
 of 50%, the sales were primarily existing stock units built to order cancellations or
 or delivery or delays that needed significant rework
 to meet customer specifications.
 Turning to segment adjusted EBITDA for the commercial segment.
 segment adjusted EBITDA at 6.4 million was down 61% first the prior year
 period, which included 1 million EBITDA related to divested shuttle bus businesses.
 The decline in EBITDA was primarily a result of the sales decline in all businesses as
 as well as the inefficiencies related
 to the rework of stock units within the specialty division.
 Although the stock unit reworked,
 a negative contribution to performance in the quarter, given the severe end-market declines
 in this business.
 took the opportunity to right size what had become an inflated stock unit inventory within
 In the bus division, despite revenue declines in both school and municipal markets, these
 These businesses were able to continue to flex production with demand and contributed
 high single-digit EBITDA margins.
 segment backlog at the end of the fourth quarter with 274 million down
 14% versus the prior year quarter which contained 86 million the shuttle bus
 backlog. Excluding shuttle bus and 18% organic backlog increase is the result of an increase
 and specially-division orders within the fourth quarter in timing of a large
 municipal transit order that entered backlog in the first quarter this year, partially offset
 by decreased school bus orders.
 The increased specialty orders were for both terminal trucks and street sweepers, and this
 quarter marks the best order intake since fiscal first quarter 2019.
 We have been aggressively pursuing new contracts
 and renewals in these markets.
 winning a large rental company contract for street sweepers
 and advancing in the bid process for terminal trucks
 at several national accounts.
 Last month, we are excited to announce a partnership with Heister Yale Group to develop electric
 and hydrogen-powered terminal trucks to reduce emissions and increase efficiency and productivity.
 We are targeting the end of our fiscal year to have the initial prototypes available for
 market testing. With momentum in our specialty markets, a longer cycle
 municipal transit backlog we feel the commercial segment is in a position to
 grow revenue despite uncertainty around the timing of a full-time return to the classroom
 and impact on school bus demand.
 As COVID-19 vaccines become more widespread,
 There is reason to be optimistic that decisions
 reopened schools and districts will benefit our peak spring
 selling season for school bus. Given the cost out activities that we took this
 year across all of our commercial segment businesses, we expect increased volume and
 specialty and potentially school bus to convert at solid incremental margins.
 We anticipate the overall variability of 2020's commercial segment bottom line margin performance
 will dissipate in 2021.
 absent any new government directives that may impact end markets,
 employee attendance or delivery acceptance, the near new term potential for this segment
 remains in the high single digit EBITDA margin profile.
 Turning the page to slide six.
 Recreation segment sales of $194 million.
 We're up 12% versus last year, reflecting strong.
 wholesale shipments and retail demand for Class B, Class C, and Toball units.
 Class A shipments were down mid single digits,
 verse last year's production was limited by
 supply chain constraints, primarily in gas units.
 We feel a backlog in productive and production capacity
 They're in place to support higher shipments once the bottlenecks clear.
 shipping fewer class A units, award-winning product introductions continue to take
 market share, resulting in higher retail demand, increased pricing, and lower discounting
 and allowances.
 Recreation segment EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA with $20.5 million for the quarter and increase
 so 12 million or 175% for the prior year.
 Adjusted EBITDA margin of 10.6% reflects the higher sales mix of non-class A products
 within the quarter, as well as the impact of operating leverage
 and productivity improvements achieved across all categories
 with sequential and year-over-year margin gains.
 Despite lower class A unit sales, profitability increased over 650 basis points versus fourth
 quarter 2019 and for a business that had recently struggled to break even it was
 is encouraging to see profitability reach levels
 that are not attained over the past two years.
 We expect to continue this momentum
 by driving efficient manufacturing practices
 and commercial activities focused on dealer wins
 and market share gains that would deliver sustainable performance, not only during this
 up turn in demand but across all parts of demand and stocking cycles.
 backlog increased 220% year-over-year to 540 million, which reflects strong order intake
 across all RV categories over the past six months.
 The past two quarters were historic highs,
 for orders by a substantial margin,
 and our current backlog is nearly double that
 of any point in Reb's recreation segment history.
 We feel this supports the current industry thinking
 wholesale shipments will be up 20% or more in calendar 2021 and at our product portfolio niche
 market placements and iconic brands lands us in a strong position to participate in that
 growth. As we move forward we expect the sales mix of products to normalize at
 of Class A production and delivery schedules improve,
 and therefore would expect segment margins
 in the mid single digits versus 10% achieved in Q4.
 On slide 7, consolidated full-year net sales declined 5% year over year to $2.3 billion
 in a challenging year that includes
 the expansion of production activities
 at our recreation segment at the onset of COVID
 and unplanned disruptions related to the pandemic
 with several other businesses.
 Adjusted EBITDA declined 34% compared to fiscal 2019 to $67.5 million.
 Nearly 50 million or three quarters of that total occurred in the second half of the year
 as revenue, throughput, and margins improve sequentially through the period.
 Rod mentioned the number of structuring activities
 related to right-sizing the organization.
 This included decentralizing the parts business
 from the corporate center back into the individual businesses
 and sunsetting less profitable brands
 and dealer relationships within the portfolio.
 the total structural cost savings executed
 through our fiscal year end.
 are expected to deliver a total of $10 million annually.
 Turning to slide 8, full year net cash provided by operating activities with $56 million compared
 to $53 million of net cash provided in the prior year period.
 generator was primarily related to improvements in the council's receivable and inventory management
 as well as an increase in customer deposits received.
 We will continue to work all aspects of networking capital,
 including reinforcing the disciplines needed
 to reach optimal inventory levels.
 balancing accounts receivable and payable terms and aligning more of our businesses with a
 model that collects a greater amount of customer deposits.
 working capital at October 31, 2020 with $355 million compared to $373 million at the end
 the fiscal 2019.
 Net debt as of October 31st was $331 million including $11 million cash on hand versus
 $377 million at the end of fiscal 2019.
 At fiscal year end, the company maintained ample liquidity
 with $283 million available under our ABL Revolving Credit Facility.
 We may recall that our term loan amendment effective in April of last year
 reverts to a net leverage ratio of 5.25 times with certain add-backs related to spartan acquisition
 in the fiscal first quarter of 2021. We are confident that we will attain this target.
 You may also recall that our term loan expires in April 2022.
 We'll be working with our banking partners throughout the upcoming months to optimize
 Here's our capital structure.
 We do not plan to issue guidance today.
 due to the recent recurrence of COVID-19 cases globally within our business across the country.
 The safety of our employees remains a top priority.
 That's racing.
 and measures to prevent the spread of the virus come with uncertain staffing levels
 that impact our businesses and supply chain partners. The CDC has issued and
 and continues to update new directives that we follow.
 Under these conditions, our customers' ability to travel
 and inspect vehicles for acceptance.
 creates uncertainty of delivery and revenue recognition timing.
 until we can reasonably predict the potential impacts
 these changes, we feel it would not be prudent to give a range of estimates.
 However, with the emergence of vaccines, we hope to have better clarity when we host
 with our virtual investor in Analyst Day in April
 that Rod referenced.
 please save the date on April 15th
 when we plan to provide a deeper look at our business
 an operating model and provide immediate term targets.
 If we feel that the operating landscape has become more predictable, we expect to also
 to provide full year guidance.
 We will extend a formal invitation to this event soon.
 With that, I'll turn it back over to Rod.
 So I guess just a few closing comments then.
 So, you know, the fiscal year 2020 has been a challenging for the REV group and our employees
 in many regards.
 We have gone through a number of internal changes as we move towards the future.
 We sold the business, purchased it, and integrated the business during the time in which the
 the exterior of Wyoming, as you all know,
 has been very often unpredictable.
 I'm pleased with the progress.
 we have achieved in a short amount of time given the amount of change we have experienced
 Our businesses continue to have relatively healthy path logs and we believe they support
 revenue growth in the upcoming year, but most importantly, I'm very pleased with what are
 our employees have done the other day they put themselves in a situation where they've
 done
 delivered on.
 can to deliver on our commitments and deliver to our customers under some very adverse
 circumstances as we look to support the first responders in our country.
 So I'm very pleased.
 to thank them publicly for what they've done.
 And with that, I think we'll hold it over and have a Q&A
 with an open mic, so question and answers.
 Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tell will indicate your line that's in the question queue.
 You may press star two if you would like to remove your question from the queue.
 And for participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset
 before pressing Mr. Arceus.
 please ask one question and one follow-up question,
 and then re-queue for additional questions.
 Our first question is from Jerry Rivets with Goldman Sachs.
 Please proceed.
 Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone, and congratulations and a really strong performance here.
 Hey, Jerry. Thanks. Thank you.
 What really stood out was the margin performance in the RV business and you alluded to mixed
 helping. I'm wondering if we just step through, you know, we're looking at the year-over-year
 margin expansion, much of that was improved productivity, how much of that was pricing
 and to we think about the mixed tailwind
 as being sustainable from here.
 Yeah, Jerry, as I said in my prepared remarks, you know, the mix really helps us, and I think
 we've all
 always said that, you know, outside of class A,
 those are double-digit performing businesses.
 So when you look at the mix there, our mix was down on class A.
 And we really had two things helping us
 from a tailwind perspective.
 the fact that we had a larger mix
 and those more profitable business
 being the class B, C's and tolerables.
 And class A actually had a high concentration
 of diesel product within the quarter,
 which is more profitable than the gas product.
 So, even though we say COVID, a lot of the furniture issues we've had that we talked
 about previously we were on our gas unit lines,
 And so even within class A, we had a margin pick up from the
 concentration of diesel within the quarter, which we would expect to more flatten out to
 a reasonable normalized rate going forward.
 Of course, as class A continues to develop,
 it'll get more to the 40, 60 sort of split
 that we traditionally have seen within that group.
 So it really is just a matter of the amount
 that we sold within those other product categories
 plus the mixed benefit.
 And, of course, as you saw within RV itself,
 the productivity improvements that they had drove a significant part of that 650 basis
 point improvement.
 Their sales are actually down.
 Go ahead.
 Yeah, I'm saying the sales are actually down here on here, right?
 And so they actually were able to deliver a profit that's quarter versus last, so that
 was majority of that benefit was from productivity.
 Okay. And in firing emergency, nice to see Ocala turn the corner.
 Can you talk about how the production rates have continued into December?
 Have you continued to ramp higher, or was the 40% increase
 essentially get you to the normalized run rate,
 And when do we see, from an accounting standpoint,
 lower per unit cost flowing through to the full extent.
 Well, I do think this is right. We have made considerable progress in that location, but there's still
 opportunity for us to even do much better there. So we, as Mark mentioned in his earlier
 discussion and we've gotten back to more of a standard industry lead times we
 continue to work on throughput on both aerials and pumpers in that plant and we
 believe there's opportunities for continued margin expansion through productivity so while
 We're pleased with the path we're on and we're seeing this thing move and be able to look
 at our backlog and get to what we think is a more of a standard lead time. We still believe
 there's opportunity to improve our efficiencies in that plant
 and get margin expansion in that business.
 So that's just work in front of us.
 Thank you.
 Yep, thanks, sir
 Our next question is from Jamie Cook with credits, please proceed.
 Hi, good morning.
 I guess a couple questions.
 One, I think you noted on the commercial side,
 you expected to see growth here every year.
 Just a clarification, I'm assuming that's normalized for the divest shares.
 So look at sort of the 90 million quarterly run rate
 when you're talking about growth.
 And I guess this is my second question.
 Can you just give more color?
 Obviously the outlook on the bus side or the school bus side is somewhat uncertain as you
 talk to customers, can you just talk about how they're thinking about buying trends
 in the latter part of the year, what would be the major drivers, what would they need
 to see to come back in the market and just sort of, you know, the overall age, age of
 the fleet.
 Well, I think that, you know, this is right, you know, the feedback we have from in-markets
 or from dealer partners is that, you know, the whole thing uncertainty around school
 openings or schools that are open, staying opening, that's the driving factor and right
 right now there's just tremendous uncertainty around that is the back half of this year
 is
 going to shape out differently, obviously with the emergence of the multiple
 vaccines and and I think what's a real drive for for people to get back in
 school from the public I think that's that's pretty clear that people want to
 go back to school. That makes promise. We've got a couple of things there I think could
 be tailwinds to help us get where we need to be, but we're going to know by the time
 we get to get together in April, we're going to know how that shapes out.
 but right now they're just too much uncertainty
 for us to look forward and project
 what that school bus market's going to look like.
 not knowing what the impacts of COVID is gonna be
 until we see the success rate on this virus
 and what that looks like and then further moving into the spring when we typically see
 April May being when we start getting significant orders and deliveries so that'll be a timeframe
 and we're going to know, but right now it's not clear.
 It's just tremendous uncertainty.
 everybody's kind of awaiting that time period.
 Sorry.
 And then just the commentary on revenues for commercialness, assuming it excludes the
 divestiture so look at the 90 million quarterly run rate and then my last
 question, how to think about the corporate expense line, you know, as we look to 2021.
 any color there.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, so you're right on the commercial, exactly right excluding the 90 million, and then on
 the...
 The corporate, of course, parts was part of the centralized, so that five million drops
 right to the corporate line so you could see that 5 million drop.
 That's where that was traditionally shown,
 centralized parts business.
 Okay.
 Okay, great. Thank you.
 Yeah, thank you
 Our next question is from Courtney Jecavonis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
 Hi, thanks.
 Good morning, guys.
 Morning, Courtney.
 back on the comments, you know, appreciate that, you know, there will be a mixed shift
 in recreation next year.
 I think you said you expect, you know,
 in line with the industry, wholesale shipments up about 20%.
 But I think he had said that you were expecting
 mid-single-digit margins, and I think we've historically been seeing more high-single-digit
 out of-
 that segment.
 So...
 I just wanted to make sure I fully understood what you were thinking of the next shift in
 impact would have on 2021 given that class A has been weak for some time now.
 truthfully seen mid single digits.
 So, you know, while we determine as mid, right?
 five to seven percent.
 So that's probably in line with what we've historically done,
 But the mix shift really is what I referred to
 What Jerry's question is, again, at 40% of our sales being in the RV are our
 class A business, you know, those, as you know, are depressed margins.
 So those bring down the ones that are double digit
 from a run rate perspective.
 So it's really the fact that RV, what we call RV,
 Our class A was actually down from a mix.
 So as they come more to the 40% to 50% range,
 They were 40% in the quarter versus 50% in the prior year, so you had a 10% drop there
 from a mixed perspective and so it's really that simple as far as looking at the other
 There are three businesses that we have in that portfolio at double digit and bringing
 in a lower single-digit mix from the class A will actually
 depress those 10% down to the more of the 5% to 7% range.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 And then any more specificity you could give us
 just on commercial and F&E margins
 as we think about impact next year.
 obviously appreciate the end that it's going to be dependent on your delivery schedule,
 but any high-level thoughts on the mark and sign.
 Yeah, I think we said high single digits on the from that whole commercial side, but obviously
 on the capacity, if you're talking about capacity, that's, you know, that's one we're still with
 the backlog here.
 So as I said in my prepared remarks,
 took the opportunity to a lot of the units that we had developed coming into what our
 our normal selling seasons didn't develop.
 exiting the quarter we're very happy with some of the progress we made in our
 Our backlog is now performing so we should see the variability get out of there, but
 and when you look at the total commercial segment
 we would expect the high single,
 sort of what we were expecting coming in a quarter
 we wouldn't have had the issues that we experienced on the commercial side and the liquidation
 that we did on some little stock unit.
 So we're expected to get more, like we guided to last time,
 more than mid or the highest single digits for the commercial segment.
 Okay, gotcha.
 Lastly, you mentioned concerns about delivery schedules for next year, but if you had to
 you just highlight, you know, what are the three categories that has the most variability
 or you're most concerned about versus the ones that are or that you feel most confident
 in the delivery schedules for next year.
 just so we can get a sense of where the real risk is.
 Thank you.
 Do you mean the business units or the product categories?
 Yeah, I guess I just meant, you know, within the business unit, you know, obviously your
 recreation, that clog is pretty strong.
 So do you feel like that's where you have the most certainty versus some of the product
 lines in ethnicity and commercial.
 I think that, you know, and I'll comment, let Mark and clean up what I say.
 I think that when you think about end markets that are affected by the issues, I think primarily
 Obviously, in-market demand in the school bus businesses is the issue.
 All the businesses are subject to some level of supply or issues that we're dealing with.
 I think RV is probably the one that we've seen
 the most stock out which is pretty consistent across the industry.
 the other element that we deal with a little bit, which is a timing issue, not an impact
 probably within the fiscal year is just the inspections that have to take place in ambulance
 and fire around getting a bus off the lot or a truck or an ambulance off the lot related
 into completing file inspections by getting people to the side.
 And that's a real issue that we've been dealing with in terms of, you know, revenue recognition
 because that has to happen in order for us to convert the bus.
 So I think, you know, in school bus, it certainly is in market demand.
 There's some supplier issues that are spread throughout
 that we've been able to overcome for the most part,
 But they do pop up, and we have to work through that.
 And then the last thing would be the businesses that they're
 subject to inspections, which is, you know, you're, you're, you're
 emergency segment is where we see that at. Mark, I don't know if you want to add anything.
 No, I think that's right. I think as we said previously, one of the things that we thought
 What would happen here with COVID as people converted, like people working from home,
 expected that more people would adopt virtual inspections for ambulance and
 fire trucks and as exiting COVID our customers have come back to wanting to
 see their trucks in person, and with the resurgence here,
 We're hoping that they'll go back to virtual,
 but we have shifted back to wanting
 to do in-person inspections.
 So we haven't seen them going back to virtual.
 So obviously there is some flux there
 if people would go back to virtual inspections,
 depending on what happens with the COVID environment.
 but uh... we are back to our traditional as robert referred to
 actually see in the units before they leave the yard so that we can revenue them and that's
 It's really the delays that I was speaking to of.
 it's really our customers coming in
 and inspecting the units and approving them for shipment.
 Great, thanks.
 As a reminder, this is star one on your telephone keypad.
 if you would like to ask a question.
 Our next question is from Raj Patel with Jeffries.
 Please proceed.
 Hey, thanks for taking the question.
 Quick one on F&E margins.
 What's the anticipated F&E margin expansion once all the production and efficiencies are
 sorted out, what do you think the new margin profile looks like in a new normal?
 From a fire perspective, obviously, as Rod has reiterated multiple times, we're still
 and a multiple ending journey here.
 So as he's referred to on the E1, we still have a lot of work to do.
 we're seeing progression but of course we have other facilities within the
 portfolio to that we're going to address as I said in my prepared remarks over
 We're still expecting to be in the double digits at the end of this journey, but we're
 we're still working through that, right?
 So, of course, we're not given guidance here,
 But, again, it's still in a multiple-year perspective
 to get to that 10.
 So we're just happy to see the progression here
 that we've seen throughout the quarter.
 And obviously, our forward-looking will provide more guidance in April.
 Yeah, I think that there's there's you know when you think about
 operational improvements and and how you walk down that what market for it is
 the multi-intern journey.
 When you come into the Roy's, there's some quick things you can do to get pop and get
 improvement. And then it's about building capabilities. And I mentioned from an operational
 excellent standpoint, you know, standing up the lean capabilities and center-led
 top activities that get implemented in the plants around CI, around purchasing, building
 engineering capabilities to get a design cost through VAVE. Those are things that you got
 just capability building, but the good thing is that it's a
 continual improvement, continuing proof process where you're going to be getting at that every
 day by building pipelines to go execute again. So we're in the process right now, coming
 of our operating model discussion of standing up those capabilities and building out those
 teams and doing the certifications that Mark talked about through Lane that are going to
 you'll benefit to us for a very, very long time.
 things that did did not exist now we're we're standing up those capabilities and
 bringing on Rob to lead our purchasing organization
 get focus on that significant spend, I think he's going to yield great benefit to us too.
 So those will all contribute to a margin expansion story,
 not only in emergency, but across the business.
 And so that's, but it does take work to stand it up.
 but it starts with organizing and aligning and then investing in those capability building
 and then driving it through process rigor each day,
 each week, each month.
 That's helpful. Thank you.
 Our next question is from Meg Dobre with Baird. Please proceed.
 Thanks.
 Good morning guys.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for watching.
 A quick question on Chassis, is you're looking at your current production planning based
 on your backlog.
 any portions in your business where you're getting a sense that you're having either
 challenges obtaining chastis or the delivery timelines are extended.
 I mean, I'm thinking specifically around ambulances and some of the stuff in recreation
 as well, like, you know, class Bs and so on.
 Yeah, no, Meg, I'm glad to say and we're not experiencing those.
 In fact, you know, we've had a pretty good supply chain from that perspective.
 So I was happy this quarter not to be talking about Chassis shortages for once, even though
 I know it's only my second one,
 so I know you've heard that consistently,
 So we've been very happy with that.
 In fact, in the RV side especially,
 We, you know, we took advantage of what the run rates were going to be and actually ordered
 ahead.
 sitting with plenty of chassis from that perspective in that business and then on the ambulance
 side we haven't had any issues from a chassis perspective we've been getting
 and our appropriate allocations from our OE partners.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 And then maybe my follow-up, sort of sticking with this theme.
 How do you think about steel prices and raw material inflation in 2021?
 That are some of the steps that you're taking
 and mitigate this because, obviously, historically,
 This has been an area where we've seen some trouble in prior years.
 Thank you.
 So, I mean, obviously, on the parts of our business, which large part of the business
 is...
 is build out a backlog, you know, there's always the issue you're trying to offset inflation
 with your efficiency efforts because your purchase process is established on a backlog-based
 business.
 So, we're ma-
 Changing that, obviously, a big part of what Rob's effort is going to be is to look at
 new purchasing to be able to offset that within a fiscal year so we can cycle through and
 get the margins that we need on a price cost basis, but so it's a lot around driving
 efficiency to make sure that we're doing everything we can to optimize our
 cost structure to have any leakage that does come through inflation into a backlog-based
 business, we can offset through other means and Mark, I don't know if you want anything
 to that or
 No, I think that's right and that's one of the things that I'm working personally with
 with Robin, make sure we understand those inflationary factors as we go through 2021
 as well as our agreements with our supply base.
 And that's one of the things that the ROPS can acclimate it to.
 and there's actually a heightened focus in those businesses
 where we don't have the longer backlogs.
 we've obviously come out with some price increases
 as our competitors have.
 So we're managing that with the supply base as well as our customers.
 I do think one of the things, you know, many things we're working on is trying to get in
 front of it how we think about price as a function of inflation and to make sure when
 When you think about a price increase or setting a price in the market that you're thinking
 about the build cycle of when that vehicle will get built.
 So you reflect some inflationary characteristics in your costing and the business and balance
 Most of our businesses have done that to some degree, but that's just something I think
 that we got to get great around because when you're working on a backlog-based business
 and you're doing selling forward projection on deliveries, you've got to be thinking about
 the inflationary times that you're in, and making sure that you're costing that vehicle
 such that by the time you're doing the build or you're shipping the vehicle that you've
 anticipated any inflationary cost and your price and cost.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, absolutely. I understand that. I guess I'm just wondering, based on what you know
 do you believe you're going to be in a position
 going to be in a position where you can be neutral from a price cost standpoint going
 forward?
 try to bake in some kind of a headwind.
 Thank you.
 I think based on the data we have now relative to price cost, the efficiency efforts that
 we've gotten the business should yield us a minimum neutrality in our performance going
 for it in the fiscal year.
 Thank you.
 Appreciate it. Good luck guys.
 Thank you very much.
 As a reminder, just star one on your telephone keypad.
 If you would like to ask a question,
 We will pause for a brief moment to pull for a final question.
 There are no more questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rod for closer time. Okay, great
 All right, thank you again for joining.
 appreciate the questions you know it's again I want to take a moment as we
 close out of fiscal year and a nine-month period for myself and then think
 about all the changes that we've made both in process and structure and people to thank
 our team for what's been a pretty whirlwind year, considering all the
 external situations that all of us have dealt with on top of that new leadership coming
 in and expecting to do things a different way and maybe change some thinking, I want
 compliment our leadership team and also thank our frontline employees and what
 they've done to serve our customers and also serve this nation in getting these necessary
 vehicles out and out to our community. So again, I appreciate that your time today.
 I look forward to seeing you all in April when we'll have a deeper discussion around
 and what we're taking this business going forward.
 Have a great day and have a great weekend.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. This does conclude today's conference.
 You may disconnect your lines at this time
 Thank you for your participation.