 Hello.
 standing by and welcome to Imperial Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference call at this
 time all participants are in a listen-only mode after the speaker presentation, there
 There will be a question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you'll need to press star one on your telephone.
 Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded.
 If you require any further assistance, please press star zero.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dave Hughes, Vice
 President, Investor Relations, please go ahead.
 Thank you very much. Good morning everybody and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. I'll start by introducing you to the management team
 we have in attendance.
 Brad Corson, Chairman, President, and CEO, Dan Lyons,
 Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration.
 Simon Younger, Senior Vice President of the Upstream.
 Sherry Evers, Vice President of Commercial and Corporate Development, and John Wettmore,
 vice president of the downstream. So I'll quickly go over the cautionary statement.
 Today's comments include reference to non-gap financial measures.
 The definitions and reconciliations of these measures can be found in Attachment 6 of our
 most recent press release are available on our website with the link to this conference
 call. Today's comments may also contain forward-looking information and any
 forward looking information is not a guarantee of future performance and actual future financial
 performance and operating results can differ materially depending on a number of factors
 and assumptions.
 Forward-looking information and the risk factors and assumptions are described in further detail
 in our fourth quarter earnings press release that we issued this morning as well as our
 most recent form 10K, and all of these documents are available on Cedar, Edgar, and on our
 website.
 I'd ask you to please refer to those.
 So just before I turn it over to Brad for his opening remarks, once he's done and he
 and Dan go over our financial and operating performance for the quarter, we will be moving
 into the Q&A session as usual.
 So with that, I'll turn it over to Brad.
 Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2021
 earnings call. I hope each of you are doing well and are a good health to start the new
 year.
 As we bring 2021 to a close, well, at least from a reporting point of view, I would like
 I'd like to repeat something I said on the third quarter call.
 Wow, what a difference a year makes.
 I'm very pleased to report that we've finished the year strong with another quarter of solid
 operating performance and strong financial results.
 In 2020, we focused heavily on ensuring
 Imperial was well-positioned to take advantage of the market
 recovery through ongoing focus on reducing our cost structure, improving our reliability
 and progressing high-return Brownfield projects.
 And you can now see the benefits of those efforts in our 2021 results as we continue
 to make the most of the improving and attractive business environment.
 This performance was reflected in all business lines.
 although we did see some pretty challenging weather
 to close out the year.
 And as it has all year, this performance allowed us to return a material amount of cash to shareholders in the quarter.
 and, in fact, to accelerate the pace of these returns,
 terms, resulting in around $3 billion for the full year.
 highest level in the company's history.
 Throughout 2021, we continued to manage the ongoing challenges due to COVID-19.
 Our focus on maintaining the health and safety of our workforce was key.
 not only in minimizing disruptions to our operations, but also, and most importantly,
 and ensuring the well-being of our people.
 From a business perspective,
 we saw continued demand recovery throughout the year
 and significant improvement in commodity prices.
 both of which are reflected in our results.
 Over the next few minutes, Dan and I will detail the results
 of what was a very strong quarter.
 So now let's turn more specifically to the fourth quarter results.
 for the fourth quarter were eight hundred and thirteen million dollars and our cash
 from operating activities was over $1.6 billion, both somewhat lower versus the third quarter.
 were negatively impacted by approximately one hundred sixty million dollars in one time
 non-cash events, and cash flow excluding working capital
 effects was up more than $100 million, reflecting our strong operating performance and the strong
 commodity fundamentals in the quarter.
 food prices continue to strengthen through the quarter, while both downstream and chemical
 margins remain strong.
 Our upstream continued to perform very well, delivering its highest annual production in
 over 30 years. And our downstream performed well also. We saw utilization of 97 percent
 for the quarter and higher product sales as demand continued to recover.
 Our chemical business closed out the year with another strong quarter and delivered
 the highest full-year earnings in over 30 years.
 As expected, polyethylene margins did soften somewhat in the quarter, but remained strong
 and supported the best ever full year earnings for this business.
 So in total, our strong cash flow generation in a period of strong commodity prices was
 underpinned by continued strong operational performance.
 We were able to take advantage of attractive markets
 for crude, refined products, and chemicals.
 and all of this contributes to a very strong cash position
 which continues to allow us to deliver
 on our priority of returning cash to shareholders.
 In the quarter, we return $950 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and
 accelerated share buybacks.
 for the year.
 We've
 generated about 5.5 billion dollars of cash from operating activities and around 4.5 billion
 dollars of free cash flow.
 And we put this cash to good use.
 Early in the year, we announced the largest quarterly dividend in the company's history,
 re-instituted our share buyback program, which we suspended in 2020 due to the business
 environment brought on by the pandemic. And in the fourth quarter, we announced an acceleration
 of the renewed NCIB.
 All of this resulted in the return of nearly $3 billion of cash to our shareholders in
 year. 2021 marks the 27th consecutive year of dividend increases, and he would have seen
 us continue this trend with the announcement this morning of another significant dividend
 increase of $0.07 per share, which is around 26 percent.
 largest dividend increase in history.
 This equates to a 55% increase since the beginning of 2021 and represents an increase of almost 80% since the beginning of 2019.
 Going forward, following yesterday's completion of our accelerated NCIB and today's announcement
 of a sizeable dividend increase, we remain committed to returning surplus cash to shareholders
 and are actively evaluating our next steps in this area,
 including a potential substantial issuer bid.
 We are unwavering in our commitment to be reliable and growing dividend and delivering further shareholder value and returns
 I'll now turn it over to Dan to go through our financial performance for the quarter
 in more detail.
 Thanks, Brad.
 Getting into the financial results for the full year,
 we recorded net income of almost two and a half billion dollars, an increase of around
 three point two billion dollars excluding the one time one point two
 $2 billion non-cash impairment charge related to our unconventional business that we recognized
 in the fourth quarter of last year.
 For the fourth quarter of 2021, our debt income was $813 million, excluding identified items,
 that income increased almost $800 million from the fourth quarter of last year.
 This increase was primarily driven by stronger realizations in the upstream and improved
 margins in the downstream and chemicals.
 Now if we look sequentially, our fourth quarter income of $813 million is down about $95 million
 dollars from the third quarter of this year. As Brad noted, the fourth quarter
 Other results include a number of unrelated, one-time, non-cast charges totaling about
 about $160 million.
 at each business line, the upstream recorded net income of $545 million, up $20 million, from our
 our third quarter net income of $524 million
 as a result of higher realizations and volumes,
 partly offset by higher operating expenses,
 driven in part by mine progress, spend at curl, and higher energy costs.
 The upstream results included a number of one-time charges of about $85 million.
 The downstream recorded net income of $250 million, down $43 million from net income
 of $293 million in the third quarter.
 Downstream results included a number of one-time charges
 totaling around $75 million.
 continue to demonstrate strong performance in the fourth quarter, with net income of
 $64 million down about $60 million from the third quarter of this year as
 polyethylene prices moderated from the extremely strong levels seen in the third quarter.
 Moving on to cash flow.
 In the fourth quarter,
 generated over $1.6 billion in cash flow from operating activities and
 improvement of about $1.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 Our free cash flow for the quarter was just over $1.2 billion.
 Looking at the full year, our strong results in capital discipline deliver free cash flow
 of almost four and a half billion dollars. As we start 2022, strong commodity prices
 along with our continued cost and capital discipline,
 position as well to generate very substantial free cash flow going forward.
 Moving on to Capbex, capital expenditures in the fourth quarter total $441 million up
 from $195 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 Full year capital expenditures were in line with revised guidance at just over $1.1 billion.
 Spending in 2021 was focused on progressing key projects such as curl,
 input tailings infrastructure, and the Sarnia products pipeline.
 We also continue to invest in improving volumes through projects like the Solven Assisted
 laser project at our McKeesers Cold Lake plant and improving the efficiency and cost
 structure of our operations by continuing to invest in projects like our Autonomous Hall
 truck fleet and related infrastructure as well as installing our first boiler
 or flue gas heat recovery unit at Curl.
 In December, we announced our 2022 capital guidance
 at $1.4 billion, reflecting our strong ongoing capital
 discipline.
 In the upstream at Curl, capital spending includes the ramp-up of the Curl Input Tailings Project,
 on-going investment in our autonomous truck fleet and installing additional
 boil or flue gas heat recovery units. At Cold Lake we will work on developing
 Phase 1 of our Grand Rapids Project, continue to progress solvent-assisted laser, as well
 as infill drilling and well work and the downstream spending includes the
 completion and commissioning of the Sarnia products pipeline and spending on the
 Strathtona Renewable Diesel Project. We will have an opportunity to discuss these
 plans in more detail at our investor day.
 Shifting to shareholder distributions.
 As I mentioned earlier, we generated about four and a half billion dollars of free cashflow in 2021.
 this performance supported record returns of almost three billion dollars of cash to shareholders,
 including returns of about $950 million in the fourth quarter alone.
 We repurchased 17 and a half million shares for $761 million in the quarter under an accelerated
 program, bringing our full year, buy back to 56 million shares for over $2.2 billion.
 We pay dividends of $188 million in the fourth quarter, and a total of $188 million in the
 fourth quarter and a total of over 700 million for the full year.
 Despite these record distributions,
 we ended the year with about $2.2 billion of cash on hand, consistent with our previous
 announcement, we continued our accelerated NCIB purchases in January 2022 and completed
 this program on January 31st.
 We also declared an increased dividend of 34 cents per share payable on April 1.
 Furthermore, as Brad mentioned, in light of our current cash balance and the strong business
 outlook.
 are actively evaluating options for additional shareholder returns, including a potential
 substantial issue or bit.
 Now I'll turn it back to Brad to discuss our operational performance.
 Thanks, Dan. As we switch our focused operations,
 I would sum up the fourth quarter as being another strong quarter operationally across
 all business lines. In the upstream, we average 445,000 oil equivalent barrels per day, which
 is an increase of 10,000 barrels per day versus the third quarter, but is down 15,000 barrels
 versus the fourth quarter of 2020.
 This decrease year-on-year was due mainly to an early start to winter.
 In fact, Alberta saw several weeks of extreme arctic temperatures in the last half of December
 and early January, which as you know, presents some operational challenges, particularly in
 in our mining operations.
 At our investor day in late 2020, we communicated our intent to focus the upstream organization's
 efforts on maximizing the performance of our existing asset base.
 given how the assets performed in 2021, I would say we are on that strategy in achieving
 it and it's also paying off for us.
 In fact, our full year 2021 production was 428,000 oil equivalent barrels per day, which
 which is the highest in over 30 years and exceeded our guidance for the year.
 I would also note that, if you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments
 the current market environment and the strong commodity prices we are seeing.
 While in the fourth quarter, there were a number of factors which drove the WTIWCS spreads
 wider, such as the phase start-up of line 3 and other smaller disruptions.
 We are now seeing narrower spreads
 and are well positioned to continue to benefit from this.
 So now let's move on and talk about Curl.
 Production at Curl in the fourth quarter averaged 270,000 barrels per day gross, which was
 down 4,000 barrels per day versus a third quarter, and 14,000 barrels per day lower than the
 fourth quarter of 2020. As I mentioned, Western Canada saw an early start to
 winter, feeling the effects of a deep freeze that started late in the fourth quarter and
 and extended into the new year.
 And as we have talked about in the past,
 extended periods of extreme cold weather
 can be challenging for our operations,
 and particularly mining.
 The result of these weather challenges was lower than expected production in the four
 quarter at Curl with an estimated impact of around 13,000 barrels per day in the
 quarter or just over 3,000 barrels per day on a full year basis.
 The impacts of the extreme cold weather continued to linger into January, but I'm pleased to
 say that as of now our operations have essentially returned to normal.
 I would also like to take a moment to recognize
 the tremendous dedication of our workforce,
 whose efforts to safely maintain our operations
 in these extreme conditions and mitigate the production impacts are a huge credit to the
 organization.
 Despite the weather impacts, total full year production for curl was 263,000 barrels per
 day.
 The highest.
 in the asset's history.
 This compares to 222,000 barrels per day in 2020, an increase of 41,000 barrels per day
 for the year.
 And its curl continues to deliver on its production and reliability commitments, including the
 elimination of the second annual turnaround a full year ahead of schedule.
 Looking forward, we continue to be excited about Curl's potential as we make progress
 on our accelerated journey to 280,000 barrels per day.
 and despite the slower start to the year,
 We reiterate our 2022 guidance of 265 to 270,000 barrels per day, reflecting the next step
 and production growth at the site.
 I would also note that this 20-22 guidance reflects one major plan turnaround, expected
 to be executed in the second quarter of the year.
 I'd like to wrap up our discussion about Curl with some comments about unit costs.
 positive reflection of the asset's performance.
 performance.
 As I mentioned on our third quarter call, continued pressure from higher energy prices
 and the strength of the Canadian dollar, presented some challenges in meeting our
 unit cash cost target of US $20 per barrel.
 In 2021, higher energy costs and the strength of the Canadian dollar represented approximately
 an incremental $2.50 per barrel relative to 2020.
 However, if we normalize for energy costs in forex, both items outside our control are
 unit costs would have achieved a reduction of almost $1 per barrel from 2020 and been
 below the target of U.S. $20 per barrel.
 Close management of unit cost.
 continues to be core to our approach to maximizing profitability at Curl.
 and we remain focused on achieving further unit cost reductions as we go forward.
 So now let's talk about Cold Lake.
 Lake has been a really positive story throughout 2021. Production for the
 quarter averaged 142,000 barrels per day, which was up 7,000 barrels per day versus
 the third quarter, and 6,000 barrels per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2020.
 This strong performance reflects the benefits of our continued focus on production, optimization,
 reliability. And while cold like experience the same extreme cold
 temperatures in December, it did not have a material impact given the nature of this
 operation.
 For the year, production averaged 140,000 barrels per day, exceeding our updated guidance
 of 135,000 barrels per day.
 Our full year production at Cold Lake was driven by significant improvement to the
 based performance, highlighting the effectiveness of our strategy to focus on reliability and
 optimization.
 We also saw the benefits from recent drilling investments in our operations, which contributed
 almost 2,000 barrels per day of production for the year.
 We are looking forward to continuing to benefit from these improvements in the coming year.
 And for 2022, we have issued guidance of 135,000 to 140,000 barrels per day for Cold
 Lake, which includes a typical plant turnaround in the second quarter.
 Now at Syncrude, imperial share of production for the quarter averaged 79,000 barrels per day,
 which was up slightly from 78,000 barrels per day in the third quarter,
 but down 8,000 barrels per day from the fourth quarter of 2020.
 unplanned downtime coupled with extreme cold weather presented challenges for
 of these operations in December.
 as detailed in the statement issued by the operator,
 Sun Corps earlier in January.
 estimate the impact to be close to 5,000 barrels per day, our share in the
 quarter.
 Imperial share of full-year production averaged 71,000 barrels per day.
 an increase of 2,000 barrels per day versus 2020. As the ownership continues its
 focus on improving asset reliability.
 reiterate our guidance for 2022 of 75 to 80,000 barrels per day. This guidance
 reflects the impacts of planned maintenance in the second quarter and a major coca turnaround
 in the third quarter.
 2021 also marked a change in the operating structure at SINCRUDE, and we remain confident
 that this change will better support
 the continued focus on improved reliability
 and cost performance for this asset.
 So now moving to the downstream. We refined an average of 416,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter which was up
 12,000 barrels a day versus the third quarter of 2021, and up 57,000 barrels per day versus
 is the fourth quarter of 2020.
 reflecting the strong operating performance
 and the continuation of demand recovery
 we have seen throughout 2021.
 The fourth quarter throughput equates to a utilization of 97%,
 percent, which is the highest fourth quarter utilization in over 30 years.
 This represents a 3% increase over the third quarter, bringing our full-year utilization
 to 89%, which is right on the guidance we provided for 2021.
 And for the year, throughput was 379,000 barrels per day, up 39,000 barrels per day versus
 is 2020.
 Looking forward to 2022, we have a fairly light turnaround year planned supporting our
 increased guidance for 2022 of 92 to 94 percent utilization.
 looking at cash operating costs
 Our downstream business continues to do an exceptional job in managing its operating
 costs.
 full-year cash operating costs.
 We're down $70 million compared to 2020.
 and down even more when normalizing for the rising energy prices
 we saw in 2021.
 This decrease is especially notable because over the same period our refining throughput increased by
 by 39,000 barrels per day, and our petroleum product sales
 grew by 35,000 barrels per day.
 So, we are refining more barrels and selling more products and we're doing it at a lower
 absolute costs. And again, this was a year of significant turnaround activity and higher
 energy costs.
 Petroleum product sales in the fourth quarter were 496,000 barrels per day.
 Up 11,000 barrels per day from the third quarter on continued strong demands, and up 80,000
 barrels per day from the fourth quarter of 2020, reflecting significant recovery from
 of the pandemic-related softness of 2020.
 money.
 We continue to see industry demand trends pretty consistent with what we saw through
 2021 with gasoline and diesel demands hovering around 90 to 95 percent of historical levels
 and JET continuing to improve averaging around 70 to 75%.
 that.
 However, as mentioned, jet continues to be somewhat volatile as we experience subsequent
 waves of COVID-19 and the associated restrictions related to travel.
 of note is that our jet sales volumes continue to track about 10% ahead of industry, predominantly
 related to competitive gains we were able to capture in 2021, increasing our overall
 market share.
 And with respect to downstream margins, unlike crude prices, our fourth quarter crack spreads
 continue to hover around the middle of the five-year band, which reflects fairly steady
 improvement over early 2020 at the onset of the pandemic.
 And despite ongoing demand volatility, our continued focus on reliable and efficient
 operations ensures we are capturing as much value as possible in the current downstream
 pricing environment.
 Looking forward to 2022, the outlook is positive as we continue to see improvements in the
 market environment, driving further strengthening of our
 downstream business, which supports our continued journey back to typical earnings and cash
 flows for this business segment.
 And I'll wrap up our operating results with chemicals.
 2021 was an incredible year for this key part of our business, and I just can't say enough
 about how pleased I am with the performance it delivered, making the most of capturing
 a very favorable market environment.
 The fourth quarter was another solid quarter.
 Earnings in the fourth quarter were $64 million, supported by continued strong production,
 reliability, and margins.
 quarter earnings were down $57 million versus a third quarter, which I will remind you was
 the highest quarterly earnings in over 30 years.
 This reduction was driven largely by expected softening of polyethylene margins.
 while margins did soften somewhat in the quarter,
 They still remain quite strong, and that sets the chemical business up well for a strong
 2022.
 Four-year chemical earnings were $361 million, $74 million higher than the previous full
 year record of $287 million set in 2015.
 an outstanding year for our chemical business, which
 continues to be a differentiator for us.
 The integrated nature of our business supports a long history of profitability even in a
 year like 2020 and we expect this to continue even as we see polyethylene prices normalizing
 somewhat.
 And just before wrapping up, I wanted to highlight a couple of other important items of note.
 First, we announced our plans to market our interests in XTO Energy Canada a few weeks
 to go.
 of, as you will recall, is our unconventional business.
 We have been quite open recently about where this business fits into our longer term upstream
 strategy and our decision to market the assets is fully consistent with this.
 To be clear, though, no decision has been made to sell these assets, but in our view,
 felt it was appropriate to test the market in the event there is an opportunity to generate
 increased value through a potential sales transaction.
 I also wanted to highlight the announcements we made recently on Imperial's plans for further reductions
 emissions in greenhouse gas emissions intensity over the next decade to help support Canada's
 net zero goals.
 Imperial has set a 2030 goal to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity
 of our operated oil sands facilities by 30% compared with 2016 levels.
 This target builds on our previous 2023 commitment, which we are well on track to
 deliver. I'm quite proud of the progress we've made to date in reducing the
 the intensity of our greenhouse gas emissions at our operated oil sands assets.
 And our recent announcement is another step in our journey to net zero at our Operated
 oil sands assets by 2050.
 50.
 So in closing, another strong quarter, which brings to a close a year of very strong results,
 both operationally and financially.
 As you have heard me say before,
 the decisions we have made and the work the organization has done over the past several
 quarters, is allowing us to take maximum advantage of the prevailing market conditions.
 This performance supports our ongoing commitment
 to drive increased shareholder value,
 and our continued commitment to shareholder returns.
 As you heard Dan and I mentioned, in 2021,
 We return nearly $3 billion to our shareholders via our reliable and growing dividend and
 share buybacks.
 And we are also excited to reinforce our commitments to sustainability, not only with our recent
 announced greenhouse gas intensity reduction target, but with our participation in the
 Pathways Initiative, an unprecedented industry alliance.
 A long-term focus on reducing our environmental footprint through investments in things like
 solvent technologies and carbon capture and storage underpin our confidence in meeting
 these goals.
 Looking forward to 2022, we continue to see support for commodity prices and fully expected
 deliver another year of strong operational performance, underpinning our ability to take
 utmost advantage of the current market conditions.
 We will continue our focus on reduced emissions
 sustainability, including our plans for renewable diesel at our Strathcona refinery.
 We will remain disciplined with respect to spending levels, both operating and capital.
 And we will also continue to return cash and excess of these needs to our shareholders.
 And, finally, I'd like to thank all of you for your continued support.
 I hope you're as excited about 2022 as we are.
 Thank you, and back to you, Dave.
 Okay, we're going to move to the Q&A now.
 We did have a couple of questions pre-submitted which we'll get to first and then we'll go
 sort of a live Q&A line.
 So the two questions came from Phil Skullnick at 8 Capital.
 The first one, what are you and ExxonMobil looking for in order to make a decision on
 and marketing the XTO assets.
 Would you consider selling it in pieces?
 Yeah, thanks for that question, Phil.
 And as you know, we announced earlier in January our intention to market those assets jointly
 with ExxonMobil and, in fact, we've progressed those activities now, have the data room open.
 There's a lot of interest and our decision around marketing was really driven by the
 The strategic work we have done over the last couple of years where we have prioritized
 our focus on certain assets in our portfolio and really prioritized our capital as well.
 And through that work, we have concluded that we have higher value opportunities with our
 core mining assets.
 And as such, you'll recall we took an impairment decision in late 2020 for some of the unconventional
 assets that we had not included in our development plans.
 So again, this is really a continuation of that strategy.
 We have not made the decision to sell though, so we're going to be looking at, you know,
 How do we create maximum value for us, for our shareholders prior to putting the assets
 in the marketplace, we had received several unsolicited offers for those assets and we
 should be surprised by that.
 You know, there's been a lot of consolidation.
 that's occurring in the Montney and DuVernay shale resource
 plays and you know so it's really the the culmination of all that that that
 drove us to put those assets in the marketplace and we'll see what we get back.
 It is a very large resource play, you know, over 650,000 net acres.
 And so, from a transaction structure, we are open to selling it in pieces.
 We do know that there are some industry players that are primarily focused in the matinee.
 There's others that are primarily focused in the DuVernay.
 There's...
 some that are in both.
 So we are open to considering alternate structures
 structures for the transaction.
 The key is going to be what delivers the most value.
 And how does that compare to our view of value
 if we were to continue to retain the asset
 and develop it further ourselves.
 So we're excited to see what comes out of the data room
 in the bids, you know, in another month or so.
 Thanks for that question.
 Okay, and Phil's follow-up, I think Dan, I'll direct straight to you is, are you still
 considering an SIB given the dividend increase.
 Yeah, thanks, Philly. We talked about this, you know, in our kind of prepare remarks, but
 It's probably worth talking a little more.
 I mean the short answer is yes, we are considering an SIV and just stepping back, you know, we
 we
 We have a long-standing philosophy, I think, as you know, to return surplus cash to shareholders.
 you know, it starts with the reliable and growing dividend,
 which we've demonstrated over many years
 And of course, this morning's announcement of a sizable increase is another step in that direction.
 And after dividends are next vehicle for surplus cash is the NCIB, NCIB, it's simple, efficient
 and flexible. We used it certainly to the max in 2021. We had a program where we started
 and
 We bought a bunch of shares, we launched a new program in June.
 We ended up accelerating that to wrap up early.
 over the course of 2021.
 We repurchased over $2.2 billion through that program.
 And just, you know, January 31st yesterday,
 we wrapped up that program with our acceleration through January 31st of
 to another incremental $450 million.
 So over 13 months, about $2.7 billion through the NCIB.
 But as you know as well, we're limited to 5%
 of outstanding shares annually in that program.
 Our next renewal would be late June of this year.
 We certainly plan to do that, but looking at our cash balances and our outlook for strong
 cash flow. We're anticipating taking action on shareholder returns. Additional action
 be before renewal of the NCIB in late June.
 We haven't made a final decision, but we certainly heard the market's feedback, strong preference
 for an SIB, and that's our lead case at this point.
 Okay. Operator, can we turn it over to you now please to go to the live Q&A line?
 Thank you.
 or to ask a question, you will need to press star one on your telephone to withdraw your
 question.
 pound key.
 Our first question comes from Dennis Fong with CIBC World Market.
 you may proceed with your question.
 Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
 So the first one may be followed in line with Dan's comment there on returning catchback
 of shareholders.
 Obviously, Imperial oil is in an enviable position with respect to leverage.
 Can you maybe describe what you view as the ideal capital structure in your opinion for
 the company, and how we should be thinking about that, obviously, balancing the available
 free cash flow that you're generating, the relative capex that you have already outlined
 with your 2022 cognizance, as well as the various other
 levers that you have in returning cash back to shareholders.
 Thanks.
 I'll turn that question over to Danny you can build on his comments about about shareholder returns
 Yeah, look, you know, we could, we have about $5 billion of debt which we've had for, you know,
 You know, it's been stable for a number of years.
 we feel comfortable with that level of debt,
 you know, given our leverage on an absolute basis
 and relative to peers is low.
 It's not our first move to repay the debt.
 So to the extent we have surplus cash,
 are really, you know, once we've exhausted the NCIB,
 It's used other mechanisms to return that to shareholders.
 So, you know, that's maybe a short answer, but I think that is, that in a nutshell.
 And you see, we have a fairly, as I mentioned,
 in my remarks, a fairly modest capital program in 2022.
 And, you know, at current price levels, we anticipate generating significant free cash
 in addition to, you know, a pretty significant
 can't balance right now.
 Great. Great. Thanks. And my second question here is more on the Ops side, so they're maybe directed to you Brad or to Simon
 Just with respect to Cold Lake, you've obviously seen fairly strong production levels and a
 a lot of success from the optimization side.
 You mentioned a little bit around laser and the utilization
 just curious as to how the optimization is continuing,
 what maybe some of the next steps happen to be,
 and what does that potentially mean
 for project-like grand rapids, which was potentially going
 that utilize existing steam infrastructure in the area.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, thanks for that question, Dennis.
 You know, we are super excited about the progress we're making at Cold Lake.
 Lake, you know, we have put a lot of focus into optimizing the reservoir performance
 of those assets, we've continued to focus on reliability as well.
 And then, you know, as you mentioned, there's a lot of things that you need to do to make
 mentioned, and we've commented on this call and in the past, you know, we continue to
 look for ways to employ kind of next generation solvent
 technologies, like laser, that achieve multiple objectives for us.
 They do have the benefit of enhancing reservoir performance.
 But equally important, they've reduced the greenhouse gas
 emissions because they have lower steam and energy intensity.
 And so, you know, it is a continued strategy of ours to continue to deploy solvent technologies
 to enhance Coal Lake's performance.
 You know, next on the docket is Grand Rapids Phase 1, which will employ SA-SAG-D technology.
 And then, looking a little bit longer term, we're evaluating application of a cyclin
 solvent process, referred to as CSP, which allows us to replace steam with propane and
 achieve even further reductions in greenhouse gas intensity while improving
 reservoir performance, and in the case of CSP, we've already piloted that quite successfully,
 and so now looking at the further application.
 So, you know, I think over the coming quarters and years,
 years you're going to continue to hear us talk about the evolution of these
 technologies, how they're integral to both our reservoir optimization, but also our
 greenhouse gas intensity reduction objectives and I'm sure in our in our
 upcoming investor day, we'll spend some more time talking about each of those and how they
 fit in.
 Thanks.
 Thanks for the question.
 Again, we're very excited about our actions at Cold Lake.
 like.
 Thank you, Ernest.
 Question?
 someone out of group that with credit sleeves,
 I think you may proceed with your question.
 Hey guys, my first question is more on the renewable diesel side.
 I'm just trying to understand if you can give us some preliminary work, what kind of
 the feedstocks are you looking to run.
 soyabean, canola, I mean you are in that vegetable oil belt so is it primarily going
 to be vegetable oils, can you bring in some used cooking oil, some animal fats and so
 So if I could get some understanding of that.
 Yeah, thanks. Thanks for that question and and again, we're going to spend some more time at investor day describing this project, but
 but kind of at the foundation of your question.
 Fundamentally, this is going to be plant-based materials.
 We're not looking at animal fat or other sorts of supply.
 It's very much focused on plant-based materials that are sourced generally in the region.
 We haven't talked explicitly about the specific type of plant.
 We're still in commercial discussions with potential suppliers.
 And so those commercial discussions are still sensitive around the type, but needless to
 to say there's an abundant supply of available materials
 and good options for us that are going to allow us to, you know,
 ultimately produce 20,000 barrels a day of a very competitive supply.
 And so we're really excited about this project, you know, driven by kind of the overall benefits
 it will bring to Canada in achieving our total emissions objectives of net zero by 2050.
 This is a key contributor to reducing scope 3 emissions.
 So, some more to talk about.
 Perfect.
 Again, keeping on the line of emission reductions, you and others have obviously committed to
 carbon capture and sequestration.
 is a big project kind of which was announced but like how is it progressing how are the
 partner commitments, what are you looking from the government in terms of help, I mean
 It's an excellent project, but we don't get too many details on that carbon capture and
 Equestration Project.
 So if you could just help us understand how the discussions are progressing between you
 you and all the others and the government for that project.
 Yeah, thanks for the question. I'm excited to talk about it.
 We're making, I think, really, really good progress.
 you know that this is a very
 complex undertaking to achieve net zero by 2050.
 And the alliance we've established amongst the member companies is unprecedented, the
 level of cooperation, the amount of investment that will ultimately be
 required to get to net zero, you know, we've we've estimated as as 70 75 billion
 dollars from now to 2050. So, you know, it's a huge undertaking. It's not just
 one single project. It's multiple projects. There's a foundational project which is building
 which is building this large trunk line
 that will allow the transport of carbon that's captured in the Fort McMurray area
 all the way down to the Cold Lake region where we've applied with the
 government for access to poor space so we can
 So we can sequester the carbon there.
 So building this large trunk line is a significant project.
 But then there's several other projects around the capture side at each of the individual sites where we're producing hydrocarbons today.
 And then on top of that, you know, as I just talked at Cold Lake, you know, not only are
 are we focused on capturing carbon and transporting it to a site to store it, but we're also
 looking at, how can we fundamentally reduce the amount of carbon that's
 generated. And so things like solvent technologies are quite important there.
 So a lot of moving pieces, if you will, to progress this project.
 But, you know, we as an alliance have been able to develop preliminary plans around kind
 the sequence of the trunk line project, the carbon capture
 projects as well as other technology initiatives.
 We will talk more about that on investor day, but I think it's moving quite well.
 well. We are also spending a lot of time with both the federal and provincial government
 around enabling steps that are necessary to progress these huge investments.
 specifically we are looking for investment, tax credit,
 and other financial support from the government,
 given the nature of these investments, the risks associated with them, so those discussions
 are ongoing.
 The cooperation amongst the companies is just exceptional.
 You know, in fact, as CEOs, the six companies, we get together every single week and are
 are having discussions about the progress of the project, key priorities, how do we
 keep it moving along, you know, what are some of the key issues. And again, as I mentioned,
 were also actively engaged with the government.
 So as CEOs, we're meeting directly with key officials.
 And certainly our teams are meeting with officials
 staffs as well at both the federal and the provincial level.
 So, you know, it's all hands on deck.
 This is a huge challenge, but we think it's achievable
 and we think it's necessary.
 And so we're going to do what it takes.
 That is great color and hoping to meet you at an in-person investor day in March.
 Thank you. Thank you. Well, I look forward to meeting you as well. You know, unfortunately
 The Omer-Cron virus has continued to delay many in-person meetings, but, you know,
 as soon as the opportunity affords itself,
 I very much look forward to it as well.
 It's been a long two years, right?
 So thanks so again, I look forward to meeting you as well.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Douglas Hick with Bank of America.
 You may proceed with your question.
 Well, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I'm delighted to be on your call. Thanks for taking my questions.
 Right, I wonder if I could start with ExxonMobil's announcement yesterday of combining their
 time streaming chemicals business.
 I wonder if there's any read-through for imperial as it relates to incremental cost-cutting
 initiatives or whether you follow suit.
 Yeah, thanks for the question Doug and it's it's it's good to hear your voice. It's been a while since we've connected
 So thanks for joining the call today.
 Regarding ExxonMobil's announcements yesterday, super, super exciting news for ExxonMobil
 and, you know, with ExxonMobil being a majority shareholder of Imperial, we benefit from that
 relationship in many ways. You know, we often talk about the technology benefits that we're
 able to leverage kind of their global best practices, some operational
 synergies. And I think all of that comes to play with the announcement that was made
 yesterday. You know, we still have a lot of work to do to fully understand their plans
 and then see how we can best leverage them and adapt them.
 But I fully expect that we will, within Imperial, see benefits from, you know, their announcements
 to...
 strategies that they're progressing.
 And like I said, we're super excited.
 Okay, thank you for that.
 The follow-up is, I don't want to get ahead of myself here for your upcoming analyst
 day.
 It seems that...
 Exxon has also decided to go virtual and unfortunately,
 So I don't know what you ultimately decide.
 But my question is specifically on the
 health of the community.
 Well, that's it for today.
 Thanks for watching.
 When you laid out the kind of reliability trajectory towards 2025, it seems that you're
 well on your way to that. You're probably a little bit ahead of the pace, I would guess.
 Is there any thoughts you could provide in terms of the timing or the scale of what you
 ultimately see Carol doing on that original timeline, and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
 Yeah, thanks. Thanks for that question and in your right, you know, it is is an unfortunate some of the the impacts that
 that COVID has had on plans for investor day,
 professor day you know it impacted us last year has the risk of impacting us
 this year, but, you know, we're committed to engaging, you know, with our investors,
 analyst and sharing our forward plans, I think it's a very positive story.
 In terms of pearl, you're exactly right.
 You know, each year, over the last couple of years,
 We continue to set new records at Curl,
 And, you know, and so as I mentioned, you know,
 We just completed 2021 with 263,000 barrels a day.
 barrels a day. Gross. Our guidance for next year is 265 to 270, which again
 moves us one step closer to 280, which, as you accurately note, we had previously
 indicated that we would get the 280 in that 2025 timeframe.
 But we are well ahead of that.
 And that Investor Day will lay out kind of a revised plan.
 But safe to say, there's a lot of organizational focus
 on how we can get to that 280,000 levels sooner than 2025.
 And so, you know, some of the things we've already done that will contribute are things
 like moving to one turnaround per year, which we achieved a year earlier than what we've
 shared at last investor day.
 We have multiple de-bottlenecking projects that we're progressing.
 we're continuing to look at, how do we optimize, you know,
 or recovery and movement in the minds.
 and then, you know, taking full advantage of digital.
 You know, I've talked on prior calls about how we're employing multiple digital techniques
 that are adding real value to us.
 And, you know, that will also have beneficial effects on our production rates.
 So, you know, I still – I think 265 to 270 is appropriate for 2022, but you can see
 that's going to step us to 280 quicker than the 2025 time frame.
 And we'll, you know, Simon and Investor Day will give a lot more detail about those individual projects.
 Thanks for the full answer guys. We'll look forward to it. Thanks again.
 Thanks, doc.
 Thank you.
 If you can come to Greg's party with RBC Capital Markets, he may proceed with your question.
 Yeah, thanks. Good morning, and thanks for the rundown is always very thorough
 Again, at the risk of probably jumping ahead, but Brad, you've mentioned that there are
 or steps you're taking to strengthen the downstream business.
 I'm just wondering if there are any things
 you can kind of share and whether the, you know,
 like I'm assuming the products pipeline, you know,
 fix into that mix, but any color there would be great.
 Yeah, thanks for the question, Greg, and you're right, we'll give a much more comprehensive
 story at investor day, but it starts fundamentally with our cost structure and as I mentioned
 We've done a lot of things around our cost structure.
 And I feel really good about that.
 And then it's ensuring that we are leveraging all the synergy
 that we have based on our location of our three
 refineries, the integration that they have between themselves,
 but that they also have with our upstream production assets.
 And then, you know, ensuring that we maximize the flexibility of their run slate, you know,
 has been key through the pandemic as we've had to adjust to much lower jet demand and
 move that into other products.
 and then look at where we have an opportunity to grow new product outlets.
 It's, you know, we've talked about things we've done with asphalt over the last couple
 years and how that's, you know, an increasing part of our portfolio and again leverages
 on our heavy crude slate.
 And then, you know, most recently, of course, you know, the shred project and our ability
 to generate renewable diesel at Strathcona will be a key strategic undertaking for us.
 And then of course, you know, the integration we have between sarnia refinery and sarnia
 chemical plant also allows us to, you know, further capture market and value.
 And so, again, you know, that's kind of a broad brush on it.
 You know, John Wettmore will give a much more comprehensive story at Investor Day, but exciting
 opportunities for us in the downstream.
 Okay. No, terrific. And maybe now it's probably more of a question for Dan, but I mean, just as an
 observation, and we've been talking about a SIV for a long time, and I totally understand
 where you guys are coming from in terms of the valuation,
 but maybe Dan specifically,
 Would it be possible for you to just
 frame what the mechanics are like I've never worked through one of these from
 that standpoint.
 Is it possible just to, again, enlighten us in terms of blackouts?
 It's like I'm not trying to pin you down on a date, per se, because you're sort of saying
 within the June timeframe, but I just, I think I'd love to know what needs to go into this
 in terms of formalizing your decision process.
 Yeah, I mean, technically the technicalities are of an SIB and it requires a filing.
 It's open for 35 days.
 Generally speaking, you shouldn't do it during a blackout period, which is typically sort
 30 days before earnings release is you know ballpark is in the blackout
 periods are. So that's sort of the timing and technicalities of it.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks, Greg.
 Thank you.
 I think it comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs,
 You may proceed with your question.
 Thanks so much, Brad.
 And one of the core competencies that you've had and you've brought into the business is
 your background around M&A given your prior role at Exxon and just be curious on your
 own perspective of DFU Imperial as a logical consolidator, especially in light of the
 with deferred tax position and your success
 turning around operations and scale and cost of capital.
 And if so, how do you think about balancing that versus return of capital?
 It's a big picture question, but any thoughts would be appreciated.
 Yeah, thanks Neil and good to hear from you
 You know, as we've said in the past, we continue to keep an open mind and open aperture around
 and potential.
 And.
 .
 opportunities. It's not our top priority, our top priority centers around our
 existing asset base, and maximizing value from those assets, which I think we have demonstrated
 success over the last couple of years and it has us well positioned for the future with
 very long life assets that, you know, under favorable markets will continue to generate
 significant cash and so when we look at potential M&A opportunities we need to
 convince ourself that not only do they fit into a long-term strategy, but they are accretive
 And they do compete for capital relative to the brownfield investments that we already
 have identified and are progressing.
 You know what I'm saying?
 you know, we're not
 driven to acquire something just to grow for the sake of growing. In fact, you know,
 I think we've demonstrated our ability to grow with the existing asset base, take curl
 For example, it was just a couple of years ago that we were at or below 200,000 barrels
 a day.
 So, you know, now this year we're at 263, we expect to grow that to 265 to 270 and within
 a relatively short time frame, you know, I expect will be at 280 or higher, and so in
 In a few short years, we will have added 80,000 barrels a day of growth in our portfolio
 at a cost much, much lower than, you know,
 any acquisition we could have contemplated.
 So that will continue to be the priority as, you know,
 making sure we first focus on our existing assets.
 But, you know, there is a lot of consolidation occurring.
 And, you know, we want to make sure we are making thoughtful decisions.
 And so, you know, we look at potential acquisitions
 and evaluate them and we discuss them as a management team and, you know, that guides
 us accordingly.
 So I hope that answered your question.
 It's a helpful framework, Brad.
 It's a follow-up.
 just around cash taxes.
 Can you just remind us, team, how you're thinking about your deferred tax position?
 It's a good problem to have, to have a lot of earnings per share, but I would imagine
 and that would also create some considerations
 that we need to embed in the model going forward.
 Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
 Dan and his team spent a lot of time thinking about that,
 and so I'll ask him to answer.
 Yeah, well, just for the record, we're against cash taxes.
 if you didn't know our position, but we don't expect,
 Well, in 2021, actual cash taxes will be quite small.
 2022 will be sort of a transition year and by 2023, you know, a current, you know, with
 current economic conditions we'd expect to be to be fully tax-paying so you know
 I think that's probably as much as I can tell you, but well on a pure cash basis out the door
 We should pay less than the statutory rate in 2022,
 22, but by 2023, we'll be fully tax paying on a cash basis.
 That's kind of where we are.
 Makes sense, Dan. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Meno Hoseop with TD Security.
 you may proceed with your questions.
 Good morning everyone and thanks for squeezing me in.
 Most of my questions have been answered, but maybe I'll just round things out with cost
 inflation.
 We have a pretty good sense of what that could look like for upstream across the industry
 but what are you seeing in terms of cost pressures
 for downstream, and would you be able to provide separate ranges for the two?
 Yeah, thanks for the question and no doubt that is an emerging theme, you know, across
 industry and more broadly society right now, the inflationary pressures from lots of angles,
 You know, I think, you know, fortunately for us, we haven't seen huge impacts of inflationary
 pressures yet. But that's not to say we won't go forward. You know probably the
 single, largest impact we've had is around our own energy costs, you know, where we purchase
 natural gas, you know, for our facilities. And obviously, you know, we all know what's
 happen there, but, you know, as somebody who also produces energy, you know, on balance,
 still favorable for us.
 We're taking a close look at other consumable supplies and things like that and, you know,
 First, making sure we have access to the supplies
 then we're not impacted by any market shortages.
 but then also looking at how we can optimize the cost
 and mitigate any cost pressures where we could see more
 significant impacts would be things like, you know, steel, for example. But the good
 news is, you know, when we look at our large projects, you know, for next year, we talk
 about Sonia products pipeline, you know, that project is essentially complete steel
 bought, you know, a long time ago.
 the Curl In Pit Tailings project has some steel associated with it.
 again, most of which has already been procured,
 but it's more of a, you know, earth-moving project
 than anything, very labor intensive,
 and so we've got to keep an eye on labor costs,
 But again, so far, we haven't seen huge impacts there.
 So something we're gonna keep a very close eye on going forward,
 but so far we've been able to manage it quite well.
 Thanks, Brad.
 leave it there.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Phil Gresh with J.P. Morgan. You may proceed with your question.
 Yes, hi, good morning.
 My first question is on the dividend, obviously, as you noted, two very large increases in
 in the past two years since the last time you had an analyst day, and you had talked
 about, you know, a certain breakeven level at that time.
 So I was just wondering if you could refresh us on how you think about what that break
 would be today, and then as you go forward, how do you think about sustainable levels
 increases in the dividend with respect to, you know, a break-even framework or
 So, however else you might look at it.
 Thanks for...
 for the question.
 I think Dan will give us an answer on that.
 Yeah, hey Phil, we'll talk more about break evens at the analyst day, I mean last year
 we talked about 36 bucks with, you know, both including sustaining capital and
 and dividend, I think that's still a good number.
 So we're pretty far away from that.
 So it is important to us, obviously,
 that the divinend, a sustainable and growing divinend
 is our core kind of one of our core investor offerings.
 And we do think about that.
 And we feel, given our outlook that the seven cents is warranted and we feel quite good
 about it going forward. So, I guess it's probably as much as I'll say, but, you know,
 breakeven is well below current prices so that gives us a lot of comfort and
 And, obviously, as we go forward, we continue to, you know, we've had energy inflation as
 has been discussed, but we continue to work on our base cost structure.
 So obviously we want to get that break even down as low as we can.
 I understand.
 Okay, thank you.
 And then just one other question on the OPEX in the quarter.
 Obviously, it was up sequentially.
 I wasn't sure of some of the one-time costs
 that you called out in any way, flow through OPEX or not,
 But just in general, you know, latest, I've X in 22.
 Yeah, of that, you know, 160 million there's a lot of things in there. There's there's deferred tax adjustments there
 There's lifo and inventory changes, but there's also, I'd say, $60 million of op-ex in the
 the upstream included in that number.
 So yeah, part of that 160 is one time op-ex
 from some smaller write downs of a number of things.
 Okay, great, thank you.
 Thanks, Phil.
 Thank you.
 I'm not showing any further questions at this time, I would not like to turn the call back
 over to Dave Hughes for any further remarks.
 All right, well thank you very much
 And thank you everybody for joining us this morning, as usual, if you have any further
 questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to us at any time.
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for participating.
 you may notice the net.