 Hello, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Imperial Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 After the speaker presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
 to ask a question during the session
 and you'll need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded.
 If you require any further assistance, please press star zero.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dave Hughes.
 Vice President, Investor Relations.
 please go ahead
 Thank you very much.
 Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call.
 I'll start by introducing you to the management team.
 we have in attendance.
 Brad Corson, Chairman, President, and CEO.
 Dan Lyons, Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration.
 Simon Younger, Senior Vice President of the Upstream
 Sherry Evers, Vice President of Commercial and Corporate Development,
 and John Wetmore, Vice President of the Downstream.
 So I'll quickly go over the cautionary statement.
 Today's comments include reference to non-GAAP financial measures.
 The definitions and reconciliations of these measures can be found in Attachment 6 of our most recent press release
 and are available on our website with a link to this conference call.
 Today's comments may also contain forward-looking information
 and any forward-looking information is not a guarantee
 of future performance and actual
 future financial performance in operating
 results can differ materially depending on a number of factors and assumptions.
 forward-looking information
 and the risk factors and assumptions
 are described
 in further detail in our fourth quarter earnings press release
 that we issued this morning, as well as our most recent Form 10-K,
 and all of these documents are available
 on CEDAR, EDGAR, and on our website.
 So I'd ask you to please refer to those.
 So just before I turn it over to Brad for his opening remarks,
 once he's done
 and he and Dan
 go over our financial and operating performance
 for the quarter, we will be moving to the Q&A
 session as usual.
 So with that, I'll turn it over to Brad.
 Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call.
 I hope each of you are doing well
 and are in good health to start the new year.
 year. As we bring 2021 to a close, well, at least from a reporting point of view, I would like to
 repeat something I said on the third quarter call. Wow, what a difference
 a year makes
 I'm very pleased
 to report that we finished the year strong
 with another quarter of solid operating
 performance and strong financial results.
 In 2020, we focused heavily on ensuring Imperial was well-positioned
 to take advantage of the market recovery
 through ongoing focus
 on reducing our cost structure
 improving our reliability
 and progressing high-return brownfield projects.
 and you can now see the benefits of those efforts in our 2021 results
 as we continue to make the most of the improving and attractive business environment.
 This performance was reflected in all business lines,
 although we did see some pretty challenging weather to close out the year.
 and as it has all year
 This performance allowed us to return a material amount of cash to shareholders in the quarter
 and, in fact, to accelerate the pace of these returns
 resulting in around
 $3 billion for the full year, the highest
 level in the company's history.
 throughout 2021
 we continued to manage the ongoing challenges due to COVID-19.
 Our focus on maintaining the health and safety of our workforce was key,
 not only in minimizing disruptions to our operations,
 but also, and most importantly, in ensuring the well-being of our people.
 From a business perspective, we saw continued demand recovery throughout the year
 and significant improvement in commodity prices,
 both of which are reflected in our results.
 Over the next few minutes,
 Dan and I will detail
 the results
 of what was a very strong quarter.
 so now let's turn more
 specifically to the fourth quarter results.
 Earnings for the fourth quarter were $813 million, and our cash from operating activities
 was over $1.6 billion,
 both somewhat lower versus the third quarter.
 Earnings were negatively impacted by approximately $160 million in one-time non-cash events.
 and cash flow, excluding working capital effects, was up more than $100 million,
 dollars, reflecting our strong operating performance and the strong commodity fundamentals
 in the quarter.
 Crude prices continue to strengthen
 through the quarter while both downstream and chemical margins
 remain strong.
 Our upstream
 continue to perform very well
 delivering its highest
 annual production in over
 30 years
 And our downstream performed well also.
 we saw utilization of 97% for the quarter
 and higher product sales as demand continued to recover.
 our chemical business
 closed out the year with another
 strong quarter and delivered the highest full year earnings and
 over 30 years.
 As expected, polyethylene margins did soften somewhat in the quarter,
 but remained strong and supported the best ever full-year earnings for this business.
 So, in total, our strong cash flow generation in a period of strong commodity prices was
 underpinned by
 continued strong
 and operational performance.
 we were able to take advantage of attractive markets
 for crude, refined products, and chemicals.
 and all of this contributes to a very strong cash position
 which continues to allow us
 to deliver on our priority
 of returning cash to shareholders.
 In the quarter, we returned $950 million to our shareholders
 in the form of dividends and accelerated share buybacks.
 For the year, we generated about $5.5 billion of cash from operating activities and around
 $4.5 billion of free cash flow.
 And we put this cash to good use.
 Early in the year, we announced the largest quarterly dividend in the company's history
 and reinstituted our share buyback program,
 which we suspended in 2020 due to the business environment brought on by the pandemic.
 and in the fourth quarter we announced
 and acceleration of the renewed NCIB.
 all of this
 resulted in the return
 of nearly $3 billion
 of cash to our shareholders
 in the year.
 2021 marks the 27th consecutive year of dividend increases.
 and he would have seen us
 continue this trend with the announcement
 this morning of another
 significant dividend
 increase of seven cents
 per share, which is around
 26%.
 our largest dividend increase in history.
 this equates to a
 55% increase since the beginning of 2021
 and represents an increase of almost 80%
 since the beginning of 2019.
 going forward
 Following yesterday's completion of our accelerated NCIB
 and today's announcement of a sizable dividend increase,
 We remain committed to returning surplus cash to shareholders
 and are actively evaluating our next steps in this area,
 including a potential substantial issuer bid.
 We are unwavering
 in our commitment
 to be reliable and growing
 dividend
 and delivering further
 shareholder value and returns.
 I'll now turn it over to Dan
 to go through our financial performance
 for the quarter in more detail.
 Thanks, Brad.
 getting into the financial results
 for the full year
 we recorded net income of almost $2.5 billion, an increase of around $3.2 billion,
 excluding the one-time $1.2 billion
 non-cash impairment charge
 related to our unconventional business
 that we recognize
 in the fourth quarter of last year.
 for the fourth quarter of 2021
 our debt income was $813 million
 Excluding identified items, net income increased almost $800 million from the fourth quarter of last year.
 This increase was primarily driven by stronger realizations in the upstream and improved margins in the downstream and chemicals.
 Now, if we look sequentially, our fourth quarter income of $813 million is down, about $95 million from the third quarter of this year.
 as Brad noted
 the fourth quarter results include a number of
 unrelated, one-time, non-cast charges
 is totaling about $160 million.
 Looking at each business line, the upstream recorded net income of $545 million,
 dollars, up $20 million from our third quarter net income of $524 million as a result of
 higher realizations
 and volumes, partly offset by higher operating expenses driven in part by mine progress spend
 at curl and higher energy costs.
 Upstream results included a number of one-time charges of about $85 million.
 dollars.
 The downstream recorded net income of $250 million, down $43 million from net income
 of $293 million in the third quarter.
 Downstream results included a number of one-time charges totaling around $75 million.
 dollars.
 Chemicals continue to demonstrate strong performance in the fourth quarter
 with net income of $64 million, down about $60 million from the third quarter of this year
 as polyethylene prices moderated
 from the extremely strong levels seen in the third quarter.
 moving on to
 cash flow in the
 fourth quarter we generated over 1.6
 billion in cash flow from operating
 activities.
 an improvement of about $1.3 billion
 dollars from the fourth quarter of 2020.
 Our free cash flow for the quarter was just over $1.2 billion.
 dollars. Looking at the full
 year, our strong results in
 capital discipline, deliver free cash
 flow of almost $4.5 billion.
 As we start 2022, strong commodity prices, along with our continued cost and capital
 of this year, we are going to be able to increase the cost and capital of this year.
 DISCIPLINE.
 as well to generate
 very substantial
 free cash flow going forward.
 Moving on
 the CapEx, capital
 expenditures in the fourth quarter totaled $441 million, up from $195 million in the
 fourth quarter of 2020.
 full year capital expenditures
 were in line
 with revised guidance
 at just over $1.1 billion.
 dollars. Capital spending
 in 2021 was focused on progressing
 key projects such as curl input tailings infrastructure and the Sarnia Products Pipeline.
 We also continue to invest in improving volumes through projects like the solvent-assisted
 laser project at our
 McKeesis Cold Lake plant and improving
 the efficiency and cost structure of our operations by continuing
 to invest in projects like
 our autonomous haul truck fleet and related infrastructure, as well as installing our
 first boiler flue gas heat recovery unit at Curl.
 In December, we announced our 2022 capital guidance at $1.4 billion, reflecting our strong ongoing capital discipline.
 In the upstream at Curl, capital spending includes the ramp-up of the Curl In-Pit Tailings Project,
 ongoing investment in our autonomous truck fleet and installing additional boiler flue gas heat
 recovery units. At Cold Lake, we will work on developing phase one of our Grand Rapids
 project, continue to progress
 solvent-assisted laser, as well
 as infill drilling
 and well work.
 And the downstream spending includes the completion and commissioning of the Sarnia Products Pipeline
 and spending on the Strathcona Renewable Diesel Project.
 We will have an opportunity to discuss these plans in more detail at our investor day.
 Shifting to shareholder distributions, as I mentioned earlier, we generated about four
 and a half billion dollars of free cash flow
 in 2021. This performance supported record returns of almost $3 billion of cash to shareholders,
 including returns of about $950 million
 in the fourth quarter alone.
 We repurchased 17.5 million shares for $761 million in the quarter under an accelerated
 program bringing our full year
 buy back to 56 million shares
 for over $2.2 billion.
 dollars. We pay dividends of
 $188 million in the fourth quarter
 and a total of over $700 million for the full year.
 Despite these record distributions, we ended the year with about $2.2 billion of cash on hand.
 Consistent with our previous announcement, we continued our accelerated NCIB purchases
 in January 2022 and completed this program on
 January 31st.
 We also declared an increased dividend of $0.34 per share payable on April 1.
 Furthermore, as Brad mentioned,
 in light of our current cash balance
 and the strong business
 to Outlook.
 are actively evaluating options for additional shareholder returns, including a potential
 substantial issuer bid.
 Now I'll turn it back to Brad to discuss our operational performance.
 Thanks, Dan.
 as we switch
 our focused operations,
 I would sum up the fourth quarter as being another strong quarter operationally across all business lines.
 In the upstream, we averaged 445,000 oil-equivalent barrels per day,
 which is an increase of 10,000 barrels per day
 versus the third quarter, but is down 15,000 barrels per day versus the fourth quarter of 2020.
 This decrease year on year was due mainly to an early start to winter.
 in fact Alberta saw several weeks
 of extreme Arctic temperatures
 in the last half of December
 and early January, which, as you know, presents some operational challenges, particularly
 in our mining operations.
 and our investor day
 in late 2020, we communicated our intent to focus the upstream
 organization's efforts on maximizing the performance of our
 existing asset base.
 And given how the assets performed in 2021, I would say we are on that strategy and achieving it, and it's also paying off for us.
 In fact, our full-year 2021 production was 428,000 oil-equivalent barrels per day,
 which is the highest in over 30 years, and exceeded our guidance for the year.
 I would also note the current market environment and the strong commodity prices we are seeing.
 number of factors which drove the WTI-WCS spreads wider, such as the phase startup of
 Line 3 and other smaller disruptions, we are now seeing narrower spreads and are well-positioned
 to continue to benefit from this.
 So now let's move on and talk about CURL.
 Production at Curl in the fourth quarter averaged 270,000 barrels per day gross, which was
 down 4,000 barrels per day
 verses the third quarter
 and 14,000 barrels per day lower than the fourth quarter of 2020.
 as I mentioned
 In Western Canada,
 saw an early start to winter
 feeling the effects of a deep freeze
 that started late in the fourth quarter
 and extended into the new year.
 And as we have talked about in the past,
 extended periods of
 extreme cold weather can be challenging for our
 operations, and particularly mining.
 The
 result of these weather challenges was lower than
 expected production in the fourth quarter
 at Curl with an estimated
 impact of around 13,000
 barrels per day in the quarter, or just over 3,000 barrels per day on a full-year basis.
 The impacts of the extreme cold weather continued to linger into January, but I'm pleased to
 say that as of now
 operations have essentially returned
 to normal.
 I would also like to take a moment to recognize the tremendous dedication of our workforce,
 whose efforts to safely maintain our
 operations in these
 extreme conditions and mitigate the production impacts are a huge credit to the organization.
 Despite the weather impacts, total full-year production for Curl was 263,000 barrels per day, the highest in the asset's history.
 This compares to 222,000 barrels per day in 2020, an increase of 41,000 barrels per day
 for the year.
 And as Curl continues to deliver on its production and reliability,
 commitments, including
 the elimination of the
 second annual turnaround a full year ahead of
 schedule. Looking forward, we continue to be
 excited about Curl's potential
 as we make progress on our accelerated
 journey to 200
 and 80,000 barrels per day.
 and despite the slower
 start to the year, we reiterate our 2022 guidance
 of 265,000 to 270,000
 barrels per day, reflecting
 the next step in production growth
 at the site.
 I would like to thank you.
 I would also note that this 2022 guidance reflects one major plan
 turnaround expected to be executed in the second quarter of the year.
 I'd like to wrap up our discussion about CURL with some comments about unit costs.
 Another positive reflection
 of the asset's performance.
 As I mentioned on our third quarter call,
 continued pressure from higher energy prices
 and the strength
 of the Canadian dollar
 presented some challenges in meeting our unit cash cost target of U.S. $20 per barrel.
 In 2021, higher energy costs
 and the strength of the Canadian dollar
 represented approximately an incremental $2.50 per barrel relative to 2020.
 However, if we normalize for energy costs in Forex, both items outside our control,
 our unit costs would have achieved
 a reduction of almost $1 per barrel from 2020
 and been below the target
 of U.S. $20 per barrel.
 Close management of unit costs continues to be core to our approach
 to maximizing profitability at CURL,
 and we remain focused on achieving further unit cost reductions as we go forward.
 So now let's talk about Cold Lake.
 Cold Lake has been a really positive story throughout 2021.
 Production for the quarter averaged 142,000 barrels per day,
 which was up 7,000 barrels per day versus the third quarter,
 and 6,000 barrels per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2020.
 this strong performance
 reflects the benefits of our continued
 focus on production optimization
 and reliability.
 and while Cold Lake experienced
 the same stream
 same extreme cold temperatures
 in December
 it did not have a material impact
 given the nature of this operation.
 for the year
 production average
 140,000 barrels per day
 exceeding our updated guidance of 135,000 barrels per day.
 Our full year of production at Cold Lake was driven by significant improvement to the bass performance,
 highlighting the effectiveness of our strategy
 to focus on reliability and optimization.
 organization.
 We also saw the benefits from recent drilling investments in our operations,
 which contributed almost 2,000 barrels per day of production for the year.
 We are looking forward to continuing
 to benefit from these improvements in the coming year.
 And for 2022, we have issued guidance of 135,000 to 140,000 barrels per day for Cold Lake, which includes a typical plant turnaround in the second quarter.
 now at Sincrud
 Imperial share of production for the quarter averaged 79,000 barrels per day, which was
 up slightly from 78,000
 barrels per day in the third quarter, but down
 8,000 barrels per day
 from the fourth quarter of 2020.
 Unplanned downtime, coupled with extreme cold weather, presented challenges for these operations in December.
 as detailed in the statement issued by the operator, Suncor, earlier in January.
 We estimate the impact to be close to 5,000 barrels per day.
 our share in the quarter.
 imperial share
 of full-year production averaged 71,000 barrels per day, an increase of 2,000 barrels per day
 verses 20-20.
 As the ownership continues its focus on improving asset reliability,
 we reiterate our guidance
 for 2022 of 75,000 to 80,000 barrels per day.
 This guidance reflects the impacts of planned maintenance in the second quarter and a major
 Coker turnaround in the third quarter.
 2021 also marked a change in the operating structure at Syncrute, and we remain confident
 that this change will better support
 the continued focus on improved reliability
 and cost performance for this asset.
 so now moving to the downstream
 we refined an average of 416,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter
 which was up 12,000 barrels a day
 verses the third quarter of 2021
 and up 57,000 barrels per day
 versus the fourth quarter of 2020,
 reflecting the strong
 operating performance
 and the continuation of demand recovery
 we have seen throughout 2021.
 the fourth quarter
 throughput equates to a
 utilization of 97%, which is the highest fourth quarter
 utilization
 in over 30 years.
 This represents a 3% increase over the third quarter,
 bringing our full-year utilization to 89%, which is right on the guidance we provided for 2021.
 and for the year
 throughput was 379,000 barrels per day, up 39,000 barrels per day versus 2020.
 looking forward to 2022
 we have a fairly light turnaround year planned
 supporting our increased guidance for 2022 of 92% to 94% utilization.
 Looking at cash
 operating costs.
 our downstream business
 continues to do an exceptional job
 in managing its operating
 costs. Full-year cash
 operating costs
 were down
 $70 million compared to 2020
 and down even more when normalizing for the rising energy prices we saw in 2021.
 this decrease is especially
 notable because over the same period
 our refining throughput increased
 by 39,000 barrels per day
 and our petroleum product sales grew by 35,000 barrels per day.
 so we are refining
 more barrels
 and selling more product,
 and we're doing it at a lower absolute cost.
 And again, this was a year of significant turnaround activity and higher energy costs.
 Petroleum product sales in the fourth quarter were 496,000 barrels per day, up 11,000 barrels
 per day from the third quarter
 on continued strong demands
 and up 80,000 barrels per day
 from the fourth quarter of 2020
 reflecting significant recovery
 from the pandemic-related softness of 2020.
 We continue to see industry demand trends pretty consistent with what we saw through 2021.
 with gasoline and diesel demands
 hovering around 90-95% of historical levels
 and JET continuing to improve, averaging around 70% to 75%.
 However, as mentioned,
 and JET continues to be somewhat volatile as we experience subsequent waves of COVID-19
 and the associated restrictions related to travel.
 also of note is that our jet sales volumes
 continue to track about 10% ahead of industry,
 predominantly related to competitive gains
 we were able to capture in 2021, increasing our overall
 market share.
 And with respect to downstream margins,
 unlike crude prices,
 our fourth quarter crack spreads
 continue to hover around the middle
 of the five-year band,
 which reflects fairly steady
 improvement over early 2020 at the onset of the pandemic and despite ongoing
 demand volatility
 our continued focus on reliable and efficient operations
 ensures we are capturing as much value as possible
 in the current downstream pricing environment.
 Looking forward to 2022, the outlook is positive as we continue to see improvements in the
 market environment, driving further strengthening of our downstream business, which supports
 our continued journey back to
 typical earnings and cash flows
 for this business segment.
 And I'll wrap up
 our operating results
 with chemicals. 2021
 2021 was an incredible year for this key part of our business.
 and I just can't say enough about how
 pleased I am with the performance of
 delivered.
 making the most of capturing
 a very favorable market environment.
 The fourth quarter was another solid quarter.
 Earnings in the fourth quarter were $64 million, supported by continued strong production, reliability, and margins.
 Fourth quarter earnings were down $57 million versus the third quarter, which I will remind you was the highest quarterly earnings in over 30 years.
 This reduction was driven largely by expected softening of polyethylene margins.
 And while margins did soften somewhat in the quarter, they still remain quite strong,
 and that sets the chemical business up well
 for a strong 2022.
 to.
 four-year
 chemical earnings were
 $361 million,
 $74 million higher than the previous full year record of $287 million set in 2015.
 an outstanding year for our chemical business
 which continues to be a differentiator
 for us.
 The integrated
 nature of our business supports
 It's a long history of profitability.
 even in a year like 2020 and we expect this to continue even as we see
 polyethylene prices normalizing somewhat.
 And just before wrapping up, I wanted to highlight a couple of other important items of note.
 First, we announced our plans to market our interest in XTO Energy Canada a few weeks
 ago, which as you will
 recall is our unconventional business.
 We have been quite open recently about where this business fits into our longer-term upstream strategy
 and our decision to market the assets
 is fully consistent with this.
 To be clear, though, no decision has been made to sell these assets, but in our view,
 felt it was appropriate to test
 the market in the event there is
 an opportunity to generate
 increased value through a potential sales transaction.
 I also wanted to highlight the announcements
 we made recently on Imperial's plans
 for further reductions in greenhouse gas emissions
 intensity
 over the next decade to help
 support Canada's net zero goals.
 Imperial has set a 2030 goal to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity of our operated oil sands facilities by 30% compared with 2016 levels.
 This target builds on our previous 2023 commitment, which we are well on track to deliver.
 I'm quite proud of the progress we've made to date
 in reducing the intensity of our greenhouse gas emissions
 that are operated oil sands assets.
 And our recent announcement is another step in our journey to net zero at our operated oil sands assets by 2050.
 So in closing, another strong quarter, which brings to a close a year of very strong results,
 both operationally and
 financially.
 As you have heard me say before,
 the decisions we have made
 and the work
 the organization has done
 over the past several quarters
 is allowing us to take maximum advantage
 of the prevailing market conditions.
 And this performance supports our ongoing commitment
 to drive increased shareholder value
 and our continued commitment to shareholder returns.
 As you heard Dan and I mentioned, in 2021, we returned nearly $3 billion to our shareholders via our reliable and growing dividend and share buybacks.
 And we are also excited to reinforce our commitments to sustainability,
 not only with our recent announced greenhouse gas intensity reduction target,
 but with our participation
 in the Pathways Initiative,
 and unprecedented industry alliance.
 Our long-term focus on reducing our environmental footprint through investments in things like
 solvent technologies and carbon capture and storage
 underpin our confidence in meeting these goals.
 goals.
 forward to
 2022
 we continue to see
 support for commodity prices and
 fully expect to deliver another
 year of strong operational
 performance, underpinning our
 THEIR ABILITY TO TAKE A
 take utmost advantage of the current market conditions.
 we will continue our focus
 on reduced emissions and sustainability,
 facility, including our plans for renewable diesel and our
 Kona Refinery.
 we will remain disciplined
 with respect to spending levels, both operating and capital.
 and we will also continue
 to return cash in excess of these needs to our shareholders.
 and finally
 I'd like to thank all of you
 for your continued support.
 I hope you're as excited about 2022 as we are.
 Thank you, and back to you, Dave.
 Okay, we're going to move to the Q&A now.
 we did have a couple of questions
 It's pre-submitted, which we'll get to first,
 and then we'll go to the live Q&A line.
 So the two questions came from Phil Skolnick at 8 Capital.
 The first one, what are you and ExxonMobil looking for in order to make a decision on marketing the XTO assets?
 would you consider selling it in pieces?
 yeah thanks for that question
 Phil and
 and as
 As you know, we announced earlier in January our intention to market those assets jointly
 with ExxonMobil.
 And in fact, we've progressed those activities now, have the data room open.
 there's a lot of
 interest and
 And, you know, our decision around marketing was really driven by the strategic work we have done over the last couple of years,
 where we have prioritized
 our focus
 on
 support
 certain assets in our portfolio and really prioritized our capital as well.
 and through that work
 We have concluded that we have higher value opportunities with our core mining assets.
 As such, you'll recall we took an impairment decision in late 2020 for some of the unconventional assets that we had not included in our development plans.
 So, again, this is really a continuation of that strategy.
 we have not made the decision to sell though
 So we're going to be looking at, you know, how do we create maximum value for us, for our shareholders?
 prior to
 putting the
 assets in the marketplace, we had
 received
 several unsolicited
 offers
 for those assets
 and we shouldn't be surprised by that.
 you know there's been a lot of
 consolidation that's occurring
 in the
 in the Motney and DuVernay Shale
 resource plays
 And, you know, so it's really the culmination of all that that drove us to put those assets in the marketplace, and we'll see what we get back.
 it is a very
 large resource
 play, you know, over
 650,000
 net acres.
 and
 And so from a, you know, from a transaction structure, we are open to selling it in pieces.
 we do know that there are some
 industry players that are primarily focused in the
 Motney, there's others that are primarily
 focused in the Duvernay.
 there's some that are
 both.
 So, you know, we are open to considering alternate structures for the transaction.
 the key is going to be what delivers the most value
 and how does that compare
 to our view of value
 if we were to continue
 to retain the asset and develop it further ourselves.
 So we're excited to see what comes out of the data room in the bids, you know, in another month or so.
 Thanks for that question.
 Okay, and Phil's follow-up, I think, Dan, I'll direct straight to you, is are you still
 considering an SIB given the dividend
 increase.
 Yeah, thanks, Bill.
 Well, you talked about this, you know, in our kind of prepared remarks, but it's probably worth talking a little more.
 I mean, the short answer is yes, we are considering an SIV.
 and just stepping back
 You know, we have a long-standing philosophy, I think,
 as you know, to return surplus cash to shareholders.
 There's, you know,
 starts with a reliable and growing dividend
 which we've demonstrated over many years
 and of course this morning's announcement
 of a sizable increase
 is another step in that direction.
 After, you know,
 dividends our next vehicle for surplus cash
 is the NCIB.
 NCIB, it's simple, efficient, and flexible.
 Well, we used it certainly to the max in 2021.
 We had a program where we started in May, June.
 we bought a bunch of shares
 We launched a new program in June.
 We ended up accelerating that to wrap up early.
 Over the course of 2021, we repurchased over $2.2 billion through that program.
 And just, you know, January 31st, yesterday, we wrapped up that program with our acceleration through January 31st
 31st of another incremental $450 million.
 so over 13 months
 about $2.7 billion through the NCIB.
 But as you know as well,
 We're limited to 5% of outstanding shares annually in that program.
 Our next renewal would be late June of this year.
 We certainly plan to do that.
 But looking at our cash balances and our outlook, you know, for strong cash flow, we're anticipating taking action on shareholder returns, additional action before renewal of the NCIB in late June.
 we haven't made a final decision
 But we certainly heard the market's feedback, strong preference for an SIB, and that's our lead case at this point.
 Okay. Operator, can we turn it over to you now, please, to go to the live Q&A line?
 Thank you.
 as a reminder to ask a question
 you will need to press star 1 on your telephone to withdraw your question.
 press the pound key. Our first
 question goes from Dennis Fong with
 CIBC World Market, you may proceed with your question.
 Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
 The first one maybe follows in line with Dan's comment there on returning cash back to shareholders.
 There's obviously Imperial Oil is in an enviable position with respect to leverage.
 Can you maybe describe what you view as the ideal capital structure, in your opinion,
 and for the company, and how we should be thinking about that,
 obviously balancing the
 available free cash flow that you're generating
 the relative CapEx that you have already outlined with your 2022 guidance,
 as well as the various other levers that you have in returning cash back to shareholders.
 So just thanks.
 I'll turn that question over to Dan.
 he can build on his comments about
 about shareholder returns.
 Yeah, look, you know, we could, we have about $5 billion of debt, which we've had for, you know, pretty much stable for a number of years.
 we feel comfortable with that level of debt
 given our
 leverage
 on an
 absolute basis
 and relative to peers
 is low.
 So, it's not our first move to repay the debt.
 So, to the extent we have surplus cash, are really, you know, once we've exhausted the NCIB, it's used other mechanisms to return that to shareholders.
 So, you know, that's maybe a short answer, but I think that is that in a nutshell.
 And you see we have a fairly, as I mentioned in my remarks, a fairly modest capital program in 2022.
 and, you know,
 At current price levels, we anticipate generating significant free cash flow.
 in addition to, you know, a pretty significant cash balance right now.
 Great, great.
 Thanks.
 And my second question here is more on the upside.
 So they're maybe directed to you, Brad, or to Simon.
 just with respect to Cold Lake
 you've obviously seen fairly strong production levels
 and a lot of success from the optimization side.
 You mentioned a little bit around a laser and the utilization of solvents.
 It's just curious as to how the optimization is continuing,
 what maybe some of the next steps happen to be
 and what does that potentially mean for a project like Grand Rapids,
 which was potentially going to utilize existing steam infrastructure in the area.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, thanks for that question, Dennis.
 you know we
 are super excited about the
 progress we're making at Cold Lake.
 we have put a lot of focus
 into optimizing
 the reservoir performance of those assets.
 We've continued to focus on reliability as well.
 And then, you know, as you mentioned and we've commented on this call and in the past, you know, we continue to look for ways to employ kind of next generation solvent technologies like laser that achieve multiple objectives for us.
 they do have the benefit
 of enhancing reservoir performance
 But equally important, they've reduced the greenhouse gas emissions because they have lower steam and energy intensity.
 and so
 it is a continued strategy of ours
 to continue to
 deploy
 solvent technologies
 to enhance Cold Lake's performance.
 you know, next on the
 docket is
 is Grand Rapids
 Phase 1, which will
 employ
 the S-A-S-A-C-D technology,
 And then looking a little bit longer term, we're evaluating application of a cichlent solvent process.
 We refer to a CSP, which allows us to replace steam with propane and achieve even further reductions in greenhouse gas intensity while improving reservoir performance.
 And in the case of CSP, we've already piloted that quite successfully.
 And so now looking at the further applications.
 So, you know, I think over the coming quarters and years, you're going to continue to hear
 us talk about the evolution of these
 technologies, how they're
 integral to both our reservoir
 optimization but also
 our greenhouse
 greenhouse gas intensity
 reduction objectives
 and I'm sure in our
 upcoming Investor Day, we'll spend some more time talking about each of those and how they fit in.
 Thanks for the question.
 And again, we're very excited about our actions at Cold Lake.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from Ranav Gupta with Credit Suisse.
 so you may proceed with your question.
 um
 hey guys
 my
 first question is more on the on the renewable diesel side I'm just trying to
 understand if you can give us
 I'm sure you've done some preliminary work.
 What kind of feedstocks are you looking to run?
 soya bean
 canola, I mean you're in that vegetable
 oil belt
 So is it primarily going to be vegetable oils?
 Can you bring in some yeast hooking oil, some animal fats?
 And so if I could get some understanding of that.
 Yeah, thanks for that question.
 And, again, we're going to spend some more time at Investor Day describing this project.
 but kind of at
 at the
 foundation of your question
 And fundamentally, this is going to be plant-based materials.
 We're not looking at animal fat or other sorts of supply.
 It's very much focused on plant-based materials
 that are sourced
 generally in the region.
 you know we haven't talked
 explicitly about the specific
 type of plant. We're still in commercial discussions
 with potential suppliers, and so
 those commercial
 discussions are still sensitive around
 the type, but needless
 to say there's an
 abundant supply of
 available materials
 and good options for us that are
 going to allow us to
 ultimately produce
 20,000 barrels a day of
 a very
 competitive supply
 And so we're really excited about this project, you know, driven by kind of the overall benefits it will bring to Canada in achieving, you know,
 achieving our
 total emissions objectives
 of net zero by 2050.
 This is a key contributor to reducing Scope 3 emissions.
 so
 support
 the
 Perfect. And again,
 keeping on the line
 of emission reductions, you and
 others have obviously committed
 to carbon capture and sequestration.
 it was a big project
 kind of which was announced but
 how is it progressing
 how are the partner
 commitments? What are you looking from the
 government in terms of health
 I mean it's an excellent project
 but we don't get too many details on that carbon capture and sequestration project.
 so if you could just help us understand
 how the discussions are progressing
 between you and all the others
 and the government for that project.
 Yeah, thanks for the question.
 and I'm excited to talk about it.
 we're making
 I think
 really, really good progress.
 you know
 This is a very complex undertaking to achieve net zero by 2050,
 and the alliance we've established amongst the member companies is unprecedented.
 the level of cooperation, the amount of
 investment that will ultimately
 be required to get to net
 zero. You know, we've
 estimated as
 as $70, $75 billion
 from now to 2050.
 So, you know, it's a huge undertaking.
 it's not just one
 single project.
 it's multiple projects
 there's a
 foundational
 project, which is building this large trunk line
 that will allow the transport of carbon
 that's captured in the Fort McMurray area
 all the way down to the Cold Lake region
 where we've applied with the government
 for access to poor space
 so we can
 sequester
 the carbon there.
 so you know
 building this large trunk line
 is a significant project
 but then there's several other projects
 around the capture side
 at each of the individual sites
 where we're, you know,
 producing hydrocarbons
 today
 and then on top of that
 as I just talked at Cold Lake
 You know, not only are we focused on capturing carbon and transporting it to a site to store
 it, but what we're looking at is that we're looking at a site to store it, but what we're
 We're also looking at how can we fundamentally reduce
 the amount of carbon that's generated.
 And so things like solvent technologies
 are quite important there.
 So a lot of moving pieces, if you will, to progress this project.
 But, you know, we as an alliance have been able to develop preliminary plans around kind of the sequence of the trunk line project, the carbon capture projects, as well as other technology initiatives.
 we will talk more about that
 on investor day
 but I think it's moving
 quite well
 we are also
 spending a lot of time with
 both the federal and provincial government
 around enabling steps that are necessary
 to progress these huge investments.
 Specifically, we are looking for investment tax credit and other financial support from the government, given the nature of these investments, the risks associated with them.
 So those discussions are ongoing.
 going. The cooperation
 amongst the companies is just
 exceptional
 you know
 in fact as
 as CEOs
 the six
 companies, we get together
 every single week
 and are having discussions about the progress of the project, key priorities,
 How do we keep it moving along?
 What are some of the key issues? And again, as I mentioned, we're also actively engaged with the government. So as CEOs, we're meeting directly with key officials.
 And certainly, our teams are meeting with officials and staffs as well at both the federal
 and the provincial levels.
 So, you know, it's all hands on deck.
 this is a huge challenge
 but we think it's achievable
 and we think it's necessary
 and so we're going to do what it takes.
 That is great, Kalaran.
 hoping to meet you at an in-person
 Investor Day in March
 Thank you.
 Well, I look forward to meeting you as well.
 You know, unfortunately, the Omicron virus has continued to delay many in-person meetings,
 But, you know, as soon as the opportunity affords itself, I very much look forward to it as well.
 It's been a long two years, right?
 So, again, I look forward to meeting you as well.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Doug LeGate with Bank of America.
 You may proceed with your question.
 Thanks.
 Good morning, everyone.
 I'm delighted to be on your call.
 thanks for taking my questions
 Brad, I wonder if I could start with ExxonMobil's announcement yesterday of combining their
 downstreaming chemicals business.
 I wonder if there's any read-through for Imperial as it relates to incremental cost-cutting initiatives
 or whether you follow suit.
 Yeah, thanks for the question, Doug, and it's good to hear your voice.
 it's been a while since we've connected
 So thanks for joining the call today.
 you know regarding
 ExxonMobil's announcements yesterday.
 super, super exciting news
 for ExxonMobil
 And, you know, with ExxonMobil being a majority shareholder of Imperial, we benefit from that relationship in many ways.
 You know, we often talk about the technology benefits that we're able to leverage, kind of their global best practices, some operational synergies.
 and I think all of that comes to play
 with the announcement that was made yesterday
 you know
 We still have a lot of work to do to fully understand their plans and then see how we can best leverage them and adapt them.
 But I fully expect that we will, within Imperial, see benefits from, you know, their announcements, the strategies that they're progressing.
 and like I said
 We're super excited.
 Okay, thank you for that.
 my follow-up is
 I don't want to get ahead of myself here for your upcoming Analyst Day.
 it seems Exxon has also decided to go virtual
 unfortunately
 so I don't know what you ultimately decide
 But my question is specifically on Carol.
 when you lead out the kind of
 reliability trajectory towards 2025.
 it seems that you're well on your way to that
 You're probably a little bit ahead of the pace, I would guess.
 Is there any thoughts you could provide in terms of the timing
 or the scale of what you ultimately see Carol doing on that original timeline.
 and I'll leave it there.
 Yeah, thanks. Thanks for that question. And you're right. You know, it is unfortunate some of the impacts that COVID has had on plans for yesterday. You know, it impacted us last year, has the risk of impacting us this year.
 But, you know, we're committed to engaging, you know, with our investors, our analysts, and sharing our forward plans.
 I think it's a very positive story.
 and in terms of curl
 You're exactly right.
 You know, each year, over the last couple years, we continue to set new records at CURL.
 And, you know, and so as I mentioned, you know, we just completed 2021 with 263,000 barrels a day gross.
 our guidance for next year
 is $265 to $270,
 which again
 moves us one step closer to 280, which
 As you accurately note, we had previously indicated that we would get to 280 in that 2025 time frame,
 But we are well ahead of that.
 and at investor day
 You know, we'll lay out kind of a revised plan, but safe to say it's, you know, there's a lot of organizational focus on how we can get to that 280,000 level sooner than 2025.
 and so
 some of the things we've already done
 that will contribute
 are things like moving to one turnaround per year,
 which we achieved a year earlier than what we shared at last Investor Day.
 we have multiple
 de-bottlenecking projects that we're progressing.
 We're continuing to look at how do we optimize, you know, ore recovery and movement in the mines.
 And then, you know,
 taking full advantage of digital.
 you know I've talked on
 prior calls about
 how we're employing multiple
 digital techniques
 that are adding real value to us.
 and, you know, that will also have beneficial effects on our production rates.
 So, you know, I still – I think 265 to 270 is appropriate for 2022, but you can see that's going to step us to 280 quicker than the 2025 timeframe.
 and we'll
 So Simon at Investor Day will give a lot more detail about those individual projects.
 Thanks for the full answer, guys.
 to look forward to it. Thanks again.
 Thanks, Doc.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Greg Pardee with RBC Capital Markets.
 you may proceed with your question.
 Yeah, thanks.
 Good morning, and thanks for the rundown is always very thorough.
 So, again, at the risk of probably jumping ahead.
 But, Brad, you've mentioned that there are steps you're taking to strengthen the downstream business.
 So I'm just wondering if there are any things you can kind of share
 and whether the, you know, I'm assuming the product's pipeline, you know,
 fix into that mix, but any color there would be
 great.
 yeah thanks for the question Greg
 and you're right.
 we'll give a much more
 comprehensive
 story
 at investor day
 But, you know, it starts fundamentally with our cost structure.
 And as I mentioned, we've done a lot of things around our cost structure, and I feel really good about that.
 Then it's ensuring that we are leveraging all the synergy that we have based on our location of our three refineries,
 the integration that they have between themselves,
 but that they also have
 with our upstream production assets, and then ensuring that we maximize the flexibility of their run slate,
 which has been key
 through the pandemic
 as we've had to adjust
 to much lower jet
 demand and move
 that into other
 products.
 And then look at where we have an opportunity to grow new product outlets.
 We've talked about things we've done with asphalt over the last couple of years
 and how that's, you know, an increasing part of our portfolio
 and, again, leverages on our heavy crude slate.
 and then
 Most recently, of course, the SHRED project
 and our ability to generate, you know,
 renewable diesel at Strathcona
 will be a key strategic undertaking for us.
 And then, of course, the integration we have between Sarnia Refinery and Sarnia Chemical Plant also allows us to further capture market and value.
 And so, again, you know, that's kind of a broad brush on it.
 John Wetmore
 will give a much
 more comprehensive story
 at Investor Day, but exciting opportunities for us in the downstream.
 Okay, no, terrific.
 And maybe now it's probably more of a question for Dan, but, I mean, just as an observation,
 and we've been talking about a sieve for a long time.
 and I totally understand
 where you guys are coming from
 in terms of evaluation,
 But maybe, Dan, specifically, would it be possible for you to just frame what the mechanics are?
 Like, I've never worked through one of these from that standpoint.
 and is it possible just to, again, enlighten us in terms of blackouts?
 Like, I'm not trying to pin you down on the date, per se, because you're sort of saying
 within the June timeframe, but I think I'd love to know what needs to go into this
 in terms of formalizing your decision process.
 us
 yeah
 I mean, technically, the technicalities of an SIB, I mean, it requires a filing.
 It's open for 35 days.
 Generally speaking, you shouldn't do it during a blackout period, which is typically sort of 30 days before earnings release.
 You know, ballpark is one of the blackout periods are.
 so that's
 That's sort of the timing and technicalities of it.
 Okay.
 Thanks very much.
 thanks Greg
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
 you may proceed with your question.
 thanks so much
 Brad and one of the
 core competencies that you've had
 and you brought into the business is your background around M&A,
 given your prior role
 at Exxon and just
 be curious on your own perspective
 of view imperial as a logical
 consolidator, especially in light of the
 deferred tax position
 and
 your success in turning around operations
 and scale
 and cost of capital
 And if so, how do you think about balancing that versus return of capital?
 It's a big-picture question, but any thoughts would be appreciated.
 Yeah, thanks, Neil, and good to hear from you.
 you know as
 we
 we've said in the past,
 we
 continue to keep
 open mind and open aperture around potential M&A opportunities. It's not our top priority.
 Our top priority centers around our existing asset base and maximizing value from those assets,
 which I think we have demonstrated success over the last couple of years
 and has us well positioned for the future with, you know, some very long life assets that, you know,
 under favorable markets will continue to generate significant cash.
 And so when we look at potential M&A opportunities, we need to convince ourselves that not only do they fit into a long-term strategy,
 but they are accretive
 and they do compete
 for capital relative
 to
 you know
 the brownfield
 investments that
 that we already have identified and are progressing.
 you know we're not
 driven to acquire
 something just to grow for the sake
 growing. In fact, you know, I think
 we've demonstrated our ability to grow with the existing
 asset base.
 you know take curl for example
 you know it was just
 Just a couple of years ago,
 that we were at or below
 200,000
 barrels a day
 and so
 So, you know, now this year we're at 263.
 We expect to grow that to 265 to 270.
 and within a relatively short timeframe, you know, I expect we'll be at 280 or higher.
 And so in a few short years, we will have added 80,000 barrels a day of growth in our portfolio at a cost much, much lower than, you know, any acquisition we could have contemplated.
 So that will continue to be the priority is, you know, making sure we first focus on our existing assets.
 But, you know, there is a lot of consolidation occurring, and, you know, we want to make sure we are making thoughtful decisions.
 And so, you know, we look at potential acquisitions and evaluate them, and we discuss them as a management team, and, you know, that guides us accordingly.
 so I hope that answered your question
 It's a helpful framework, Brad.
 And the follow-up is just around cash taxes.
 Can you just remind us, team, how you're thinking about your deferred tax position?
 and it's a good problem to have, to have a lot of earnings per share,
 but I would imagine that would also
 create some considerations that we need
 to embed in the model going forward.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 and Dan and his team
 spend a lot of time thinking about that
 and so I'll
 ask him to answer
 Yeah, well, you know, just for the record, we're against cash taxes.
 if you didn't know
 our position
 but
 So, you know, we don't expect, well, in 2021,
 One, actual cash taxes will be, you know, quite small.
 2022 will be sort of a transition year
 And by 2023, you know, a current, you know, with current, you know, economic conditions, we'd expect to be to be fully taxpaying.
 So, you know, I think that's probably as much as I can tell you.
 But on a pure cash basis, out the door, we should pay less than the statutory rate in 2022.
 But by 2023, you know, we'll be fully taxpaying on a cash basis.
 That's kind of where we are.
 Makes sense, Dan. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Menno Hoshop with TD Securities.
 you may proceed with your question.
 Good morning, everyone, and thanks for squeezing me in.
 And most of my questions have been answered, but maybe I'll just round things out with cost inflation.
 We have a pretty good sense of what that could look like for upstream across the industry.
 But what are you seeing in terms of cost pressures for downstream?
 Freeman, would you be able to provide separate ranges for the two?
 Yeah, thanks for the question, and no doubt that is an emerging theme, you know,
 across industry and more broadly society right now with inflationary pressures from lots of angles.
 I think, fortunately for us, we haven't seen huge impacts of inflationary pressures yet.
 but that's not to say
 we won't going forward.
 you know, probably the single largest
 impact we've had
 is around our own energy costs, you know,
 where we purchase
 natural gas
 for our facilities
 and obviously
 we all know what's happened there but
 you know, as
 somebody who also produces
 energy
 you know
 on balance
 that's
 that's still favorable for us.
 And, you know, we're taking a close look at other consumable supplies and things like that.
 and, you know, first making sure we have access to the supplies
 and we're not impacted by any market shortages, but then also looking at how we can optimize the cost
 and mitigate any cost pressures.
 you know where
 we could see
 you know, more significant impacts would be things like, you know,
 steel, for example.
 But the good news is
 you know, when we look at
 our large
 projects
 you know for
 next year. You know, we talk about
 Sarnia Products Pipeline, you know, that project is essentially complete.
 Steel bought, you know, a long time ago.
 the curl in pit tailings
 project is
 has some steel associated with it, again, most of which has already been
 been procured, but it's more of
 a
 you know
 earth
 moving project than anything, very labor-intensive, and so we've got to keep an eye on labor costs,
 But, again, so far we haven't seen huge impacts there.
 So something we're going to keep a very close eye on going forward, but so far we've been able to manage it quite well.
 Thanks, Brad. I'll leave it there.
 Okay, thanks.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Bill Gresh with J.P. Morgan.
 You may proceed with your question.
 Yes, hi, good morning.
 My first question is on the dividend.
 And the dividend, obviously, as you noted,
 We had two very large increases in the past two years
 since the last time you had an analyst day,
 And you had talked about, you know, a certain breakeven level at that time.
 So I was just wondering if you could refresh us on how you think about what that break even would be today.
 And then as you go forward, how do you think about sustainable levels, increases in the
 and with respect to, you know, a breakeven framework
 or however else you might look at it.
 Thanks for the question.
 I think Dan
 I'll give an answer on that?
 Yeah, hey, Phil, we'll talk more about break-evens at the Analyst Day.
 I mean, last year we talked about, you know, 36 bucks with, you know, both including sustaining capital and dividend.
 And I think that's still a good number.
 So we're pretty far away from that.
 So it is important to us, obviously, that the dividend, a sustainable and growing dividend is our core kind of, one of our core investor offerings.
 and we do think about that
 And we feel, given our outlook, that the seven cents is warranted, and we feel quite good about it going forward.
 so I guess it's probably
 as much as I'll say
 But our break-even is well below current prices.
 So that gives us a lot of comfort.
 And obviously, as we go forward, we continue to, you know, we've had energy inflation, as has been discussed, but we continue to work on our base cost structure.
 so you know
 Obviously, we want to get that break even down as low as we can.
 Understood.
 Okay, thank you.
 And then just one other question on the OPEX in the quarter.
 obviously it was up sequentially
 I wasn't sure
 if some of the one-time costs that you called out in any way flowed through OPEX or not,
 but just in general,
 you know, latest
 OPEX in 22.
 yeah of that
 you know
 160 million, there's a lot of things
 and there's deferred tax adjustments.
 there's
 LIFO and inventory changes.
 But there's also, I'd say, $60 million of OPEX in the upstream included in that number.
 so yeah
 part
 Part of that 160 is one-time OPEX from some smaller write-downs of a number of things.
 Okay.
 Okay, great. Thank you.
 Thanks, Phil.
 Thank you.
 And I'm not showing any further questions at this time.
 I would now like to turn the call back over to Dave Hughes for any further remarks.
 All right.
 Well, thank you very much, and thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning.
 as usual. If you have any further
 questions, please don't hesitate
 to reach out to us at any time.
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for participating.
 you may not disconnect.
 Thank you.