 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Exco Technologies Limited
 first quarter results, 2022. At this time, all participants are in the listen-only mode
 After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
 to ask the question during this session,
 You will need to press start and one on your telephone.
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 If you require any further assistance, please press thawed in zero.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker for today, Darren Kirk, President
 and Chief ...
 Executive Officer. You may begin.
 Thank you, Twanda. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Exco Technologies Fiscal
 2022 First Quarter Conference Call.
 I am Darren Kirk, CEO of Exco.
 I will lead off with an operations overview.
 Matthew Pozno, our CFO, will then review the financial results before we open the call
 for questions.
 Before I begin, I would like to make some comments about forward-looking information.
 yesterday's news release and on page two of the presentation that we have posted to our
 website, you'll find cautionary notes in that regard.
 while I won't repeat the contents.
 want to emphasize that they applied to this discussion today.
 So, it was a challenging quarter with several factors catching up to us.
 vehicle production volumes due to ongoing chip shortage with the biggest contributor.
 However, labor disruption due to the greater spread of the omicron variant widespread inflationary
 pressures, inventory de-stocking, broader supply chain issues, and logistical constraints
 also contributed.
 But I want to emphasize that while the quarter was challenging
 And while our results were well below our recent performance,
 Nothing has changed fundamentally for exgo or our medium term outlook.
 they expect much stronger results in the quarters ahead.
 In fact, with that in mind, I am very pleased to announce that yesterday, our Board of Directors
 of P-
 a 5% increase in our dividend to an annualized rate of 42 cents per share.
 This is the 14th time Exco has increased its dividend in the last 13 consecutive years.
 I'm not sure how many other companies have done this, but I do know it's a pretty exclusive
 club.
 Despite current headwinds, we remain encouraged by the underlying trends across our various
 businesses that will contribute to our future growth.
 I've mentioned several times before the automotive industry's transformation towards electric
 vehicles and focus on reducing emissions is extremely positive for Exgo's tooling businesses.
 As OEMs make the change to greener vehicles and strive for greater manufacturing efficiency,
 There is an increased use of light metals in the demand for our associated tooling.
 There is...
 also increasing demand for technical expertise at the supplier level as products become larger
 and more complex.
 More broadly, we also expect to benefit from the trend towards larger and more complex
 castings across the industry, as all OEMs seem likely to pursue this playbook.
 In addition, there is a heightened focus on efficiency by all manufacturers for sustainability
 initiatives that will be very positive for the entirety of our tooling business.
 In anticipation of these trends, we continue to make sizable investments in order to better
 better position for various businesses to capture these opportunities.
 We are investing record sums of capex this year across several initiatives and we made
 a great headway on advancing these projects during the quarter.
 At this point, I think the constrained supply of microchips impacting the OEM's ability
 to manufacture vehicles is well understood.
 Both industry players and analysts do, however, expect an improvement in supply as we go through
 through 2022.
 IHS, for example, is anticipating a 17 percent increase in vehicle volumes in 2022 and a further
 or 11% in 2023.
 It is important to understand that underlying demand
 for vehicles remains strong.
 This is evidenced by record high prices
 for used vehicles.
 significantly depleted dealer inventories and an aging of the on-road vehicle fleet
 to historic levels.
 Turning to the quarter and first looking at our automotive solution segment overall vehicle production volumes in North America and Europe
 We're down about 20% year over year.
 This drove our segment revenues lower, but we were additionally impacted by unfavorable
 vehicle and product mix shift, inventory de-stocking of Exco's products in the supply chain, as
 as well as our own operational and logistical constraints.
 new program launches contributed to our result this quarter, including one key new program
 where we are supplying sizable content on a fleet of commercial EV vans.
 This program will begin to ramp up more significantly in our third fiscal quarter and continue for several years.
 Moreover, we will continue to ramp up several other new key programs through 2023 that will
 provide outside growth relative to our historical performance.
 Meanwhile, quoting activity and new program awards remains very decent.
 We are seeing a number of sizable new opportunities, particularly with electric vehicles from
 both new and established OEMs.
 The cost side, our margins suffered from greatly reduced overhead absorption due to
 the lower volumes.
 severance costs were also a factor, although we also
 carried extra cost as we have retained
 surplus labor in anticipation that demand levels will rebound in the coming quarters.
 fluctuations in forecast versus actual order releases were again problematic this quarter.
 This occurred as our customers juggled their own production schedules in response to the
 the chip shortage issue.
 These challenges were pushed down to the supply base and placed strain on our own production
 planning process.
 over, raw material cost increases picked up and we've
 faced various supply chain challenges of our own.
 These elements required us to be nimble
 and also absorb a lot of extra costs related to overtime,
 material substitution and expedited freight.
 Everything remains tough in this business, and there is limited ability to use this tool
 as a lever.
 We did, however, take pricing action where possible to recover higher input costs.
 we will see the impact of these actions
 in our second quarter.
 In our casting and extrusion segment, our top line held up fairly well.
 In fact, we recorded modest growth over the prior year.
 The extrusion...
 market remains strong this quarter with high demand across a number of end markets.
 Our extrusion tooling ultimately supports a diverse range of applications, including
 residential and industrial building and construction.
 solar panels, consumer durable products, and various modes of transportation.
 This quarter, we again demonstrated we could keep up with the sizable demand growth by
 utilizing equipment and labor more efficiently while leveraging the
 a harmonized manufacturing process
 of our numerous group of facilities.
 with regards to the latter.
 this initiative has allowed us to centralize certain processes, such as programming and
 design and utilize their capacity on a network basis.
 All of this keeps our cost low, capacity high, and provides us with the ability to manufacture
 a quality product in a standardized manner.
 We're making significant strategic investments to further shrink lead times, drive down our
 operating costs and in-source more of our own heat-treat requirements, all while reducing
 our environmental footprint.
 The die-cast market, which is driven by automotive production, however softened materially in
 the quarter, as lower vehicle production was magnified by inventory de-stocking.
 This negatively impacted demand for castles, consumables,
 di-
 cast tooling while the large mold group suffered from reduced rebuild work.
 Nonetheless, we achieved a number of program wins that will benefit future quarters.
 In fact, we achieved record levels of order intake in our large mold group, ending the
 the quarter with the highest backlog in our history.
 We are very bullish on the long-term outlook
 of this business, given the growing demand for large and
 complex die-cast components coupled with our leading market position, full service
 capabilities and view that supply change will become more localized over time.
 As well, our additive tooling business continues to perform very strongly, contributing record
 levels of sales and order intake during the quarter.
 Massive tooling is a critical differentiator providing us with an unmatched competitive
 edge.
 We are extremely optimistic on where this business will go.
 Looking at the casting and extrusion segment margins,
 we experienced weakness this quarter from levels
 that we have otherwise come to expect.
 Segment margins were impacted by unfavorable product mix, rising input costs, higher freight
 charges and labor disruption due to COVID, all of which outpaced on-going
 efficiency gains.
 as well. Front-end losses at Castell's new plant in Morocco added to the margin pressure
 this quarter, as revenue was only started to be generated towards the end of the quarter.
 We did take pricing action where possible through the quarter to protect our margins
 and expect the impact will be evident in our next quarter.
 Lastly, as we announced during the quarter,
 we reached an agreement to acquire Halux.
 Europe's second largest manufacturer of extrusion dyes.
 There's not really much more of an update at this time.
 we continue to work towards closing the acquisition this spring
 in welcoming HALEX employees to Exco at that time.
 That concludes my operations overview.
 I will now pass the call to Matthew
 to discuss the financial highlights of the quarter.
 Matthew.
 Thank you, Darren.
 Good morning.
 Consolidated sales for the first quarter into December 31st were $101 million, a decrease
 of 20.4 million.
 Over the quarter, the consolidated impact of exchange rate movements reduced sales by
 at three and a half million dollars.
 Adjusting for the impact of foreign exchange, first quarter sales at our automotive solution
 segment decreased 18.6 million or 24 percent and the casting and extrusion
 group sales were up 1.6 million or 4%.
 Consolidated net income for the first quarter was $2.7 million or earnings of 7 cents per
 per share compared to $10.9 million or $0.28 per share in the same quarter last year, the
 75% decrease in that income.
 The effective income tax rate for the current quarter was 26% compared to 22% in the previous
 your period.
 The income tax rate in the current year quarter
 It was impacted by geographic distribution
 and foreign rate differentials.
 The automotive solution segment experienced a 27% decrease in sales in the first quarter
 or a decrease of $20.9 million to $55.2 million.
 The decrease in sales is attributed to lower OEM production volumes due to COVID-19 constraints
 related supply chain disruptions, storage, including a shortage of semiconductor chips
 Unfavorable Vehicle Production Mix,
 logistics challenges, and the negative impact of foreign exchange.
 First quarter pre-tax earnings in the automotive solutions segment totaled $3.4 million, which
 which is a decrease of 8.2 million or 71% over the same quarter last year.
 The segment's lower pre-tax profit is due to the 24% reduction in sales, causing lower
 overhead absorption and higher material, logistics, and labor costs.
 The casting and extrusion segment recorded sales of $45.8 million in the first quarter
 compared to 45.3 million last year.
 an increase of half a million dollars.
 The extrusion group experienced strong sales at locations reflecting steady demand for
 for extrusion tools and market share gains.
 that cast to a large amount of groups.
 sales were down during the quarter due to the same supply chain disruptions caused by
 by the semiconductor shortage.
 negatively impacting automotive vehicle production, lowering demand for consumable
 tooling for die casting and rebuild work from old.
 The large mold group quoted and was awarded a number of programs from current and new
 customers in the quarter.
 as a result, inventories and backlog are increasing.
 Pre-tax earnings in the casting extrusion segment declined by $2.6 million or 7 percent
 over the same quarter last year.
 of 4.6 million dollars.
 The impact of inflationary pressure on raw materials and transportation, combined with
 lower overhead absorption at cash tool and large mold reduced pre-tax profit.
 go generated cash from operating activities of $8 million during the quarter and $5.2 million
 a free cash flow after $2.8 million in maintenance fixed asset expenditures.
 cash flow together with cash on hand was more than sufficient to fund fixed assets for growth
 initiative of $8.2 million and a $3.9 million of dividends.
 Exco ended the quarter with $11.6 million in net cash and $35.3 million in available liquidity,
 including $26.3 million of balance sheet cash.
 Exxco's financial position remains very strong.
 The company's balance sheet and availability under the existing credit facility allows
 considerable flexibility to support strategic initiatives like our Halux extrusion purchase
 announced in December 2021.
 strong financial position combined with our free cash flow creates a foundation
 for management to pursue, high value growth, capital expenditures, dividends, and other
 opportunities that may arise.
 That concludes my comments.
 we can now transition to the Q&A portion of the call.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder to ask the question, you will need to press star
 and one on your telephone.
 To withdraw your question, press the pound key.
 Again, that's star one to ask the question.
 Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster.
 Our first question comes from the line of David Ocampo,
 with Colmec Securities.
 Yolana's open.
 Good morning everyone.
 Aaron, I'm just curious, what percentage of the contracts that you guys have in place
 where you're able to reprice.
 And I'm just thinking about it at a more higher level.
 When you combine that with sort of that operational efficiency
 that you guys are looking for.
 Are you guys able to offset that inflationary pressure
 and hit your 15% target,
 Or are we thinking more longer term where we need to see some of these contracts roll
 wall.
 Okay, so I presume you're talking about the automotive solutions segment.
 Yeah, that's right.
 And, yeah, you know, a lot of that business is kind of fixed price work that continues
 for a number of years and you know you kind of are exposed to rising raw material costs
 And, you know, our path back to kind of a 15% segment,
 segment, even down margin, certainly remains very achievable in our minds.
 That path includes kind of first getting back to normalized sales levels and then having
 benefit of the new program launches for over-absorption of overhead that we plan through the next
 at least a couple of years.
 And, you know, there are pockets of products within the segment where we do have some pricing
 and we're certainly, and we have pursued that.
 So, you know, it's probably the minority of products.
 and the rest you have to offset with efficiency gains, which we continue to do.
 There are other aspects such as LTAs or long-term pricing adjustments where you have an obligation
 to reduce prices through the program, but with pushback, we expect that we'll be successful
 and not taking those reductions.
 So, you know, that's kind of at a high level how we think about the impact of rising costs
 raising costs in that segment.
 Okay, understood.
 And then a lot of the discussion over the last few quarters
 has been on your large multi-vision and the impact on sales from the shift to EV.
 but one area that we haven't really touched on is the margin profile.
 So are the molds for EV in your view similar to transmissions
 and engine blocks, or could they even be higher than where
 for your legacy businesses today?
 Yeah, I wouldn't say that there is a reason to expect a dissimilar margin for EV molds
 opposed to Powertrain.
 I mean, just generally, as molds get larger and more complex, it reduces the number of
 layers that can effectively compete in the space and requires much more sophisticated
 engineering and technical depth and you know you would expect that that would be accompanied
 with higher value at over time, but we're certainly not modeling that in, but I think
 that's the logic both together.
 OK, I have a while.
 for me, what kind of ramp can we expect that the new CAS tool
 facility.
 something similar to what we've seen with the other green field facilities where, you
 You know, it takes a couple quarters to get up to profitability.
 Yeah, yeah, that's right. I mean, there's certainly a few quarters of drag in the profitability,
 But by the end of the fiscal year, we would certainly expect that facility to be at least
 even. It's not better.
 our five-year target that we have disclosed of realizing at least 30 million of revenue
 between in Morocco and then their new plant in Mexico by the end of that time frame certainly
 It certainly holds true.
 Okay.
 Okay, that's it for me.
 I'll hop back in the key.
 Thanks guys.
 Thank you.
 Alex.
 Next question comes from the line of Peter Schuyler with BMO Capital Markets.
 The line is open.
 Good morning, Darren and Matthew.
 My first question is, like, you've done a really good job explaining, you know, how
 of the earnings deteriorated year over year, but I would just like to have a little bit
 of discussion versus quarter over quarter versus the fourth quarter.
 So, like, if you look at vehicle production volumes,
 Like, they were, you know, stronger global vehicle production
 volumes, North American vehicle production volumes were stronger in Q1 than they were
 in Q4, but like the earnings of the company in both segments really deteriorated rapidly,
 or significantly versus the fourth quarter.
 So I'm just trying to figure out what has changed since the fourth quarter
 because arguably the backdrop was pretty bad
 and was even worse than the fourth quarter, at least in terms of vehicle production volumes.
 Yeah, it's a good question, Peter, and I would explain that we were more so impacted by inventory
 to be stocking in our first quarter than the fourth quarter.
 And that concept has really come to a head
 during our latest quarter and, you know, just to kind of explain that, you know, if you're
 running...
 running, call it, sick die-cast machines, you might have 12 molds at 6 in production
 six in production and you know six back up and as as volumes go down then you know
 You know, you first deplete your backup dyes rather than adding new dyes for rebuild.
 And we really saw the impact of that this quarter.
 In fact, we only shipped one rebuilt die in the quarter, which is highly, highly unusual
 for us. So I guess the converse of that is on the way up, not only do you get the benefits
 of higher vehicle production.
 but then you get the inventory replenishment that needs to occur and with our strong order
 flow that we saw in the quarter rising to record backlog in the large mold group.
 We certainly think and expect that we're at the front end of that rebound.
 Okay.
 dynamics would apply to CAS tools, die-CAS consumable tooling components, which did see
 a more sizable dip this quarter than what we saw in prior sequential quarters.
 Right.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 And can you talk a little bit about plant labor?
 So have you had trouble getting labor in the plant and has that disrupted your operations?
 Yeah, for sure, I think that phenomenon is pretty widespread across all entities, and
 And it has been exacerbated by the Omicron variant in the last quarter, where, you know,
 There were some weeks where 20% of the labor or more was out due to that factor.
 So it's a continuing challenge to just find people.
 And then that is compounded by just the disruption that's occurred due to COVID and we continue
 to work against that. It forces you to think about how you produce things, and ultimately
 you need to become more efficient.
 And I think that one of the benefits that we've had over the years is we've added a lot more
 equipment and we really haven't increased our head count and so we have
 become more efficient, and we'll continue to do so.
 And Darren, just back on this quarter over quarter scene, right?
 I understand you gave a good explanation why the, you know, the cooling businesses did
 worse.
 Also, auto solutions did worse versus the fourth quarter.
 And, you know, vehicle production volumes were higher
 in the first quarter than the fourth quarter.
 So what happened there?
 So that is similar. Inventory, the stocking, I think was a big factor in that. And then
 labor disruption as well.
 And there has been some elevated raw material in input cost
 inflation, that we have taken some measures to reverse and as we've indicated in our comments
 in the news release that we expect to see the benefit of that in our second quarter.
 Yeah, and Peter, another component that we look at is mixed between different locations
 and we don't get into that level of detail in these calls, but we've had a different
 mix of, you know, production might have been up in certain areas, but depending on how
 how it fit our mix and our production and our locations.
 That also caused some challenges there too.
 Okay.
 My last question is, in the write-up, you talked about the additive manufacturing business.
 I don't think I've heard that wording before.
 What is the, what is that?
 That's our 3D printed tooling components.
 and we'd love to have you up to our new market plan,
 market plant, but that's been a very strong growth business and differentiator for us.
 What we're talking about there is making parts of the mold components by printing them with
 with steel.
 So we basically print a steel component,
 and that enables us to have water lines and cooling lines
 and cooling lines that follow the contour of the mold so we can target hot spots in the
 much better using 3D printed components than making those components traditionally.
 And that has an overall very positive impact
 on the cycle time and other measures such as scrap rates of the casting process.
 And we are leaders in this business a couple of years ago.
 We won the Automotive News PACE Award in recognition of our leadership of this business and we're
 We're seeing greater and greater traction from many customers, and so we use these
 to actively produce components in our own molds.
 And we also sell some of them as kind of replacement components
 for mold rebuilds.
 So, it's a-
 It's a very exciting part of the large mole group and we expect it will have very strong
 growth over the coming years.
 It would be great if it.
 Yes that would help.
 Is it like a prototype tooling, or is it a prototype part?
 It's a hard day production tooling.
 They're used in the molds, and more and more of our molds, in fact, most of them now, have
 a 3D printed mold component in them that serves to improve the efficiency of the overall mold.
 Interesting.
 Okay, thanks.
 That's all I have.
 Thanks Peter.
 Thank you.
 Armando ladies and gentlemen, that's star one to ask the question.
 I'm showing no further questions in the queue.
 I would now like to turn the call back over to Darren for closing remarks.
 well.
 Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning.
 we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.
 Take care.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation.
 You may now disconnect.