 Well, thanks, Toby, and good afternoon, everyone.
 Earlier today, we published our second quarter results,
 and with our earnings per share for Q2 at $1.47,
 and with adjusted revenue growth for Q2 of 8%,
 We believe that our results continue
 to reflect solid progress against our priorities.
 Lay it out again on slide two.
 Accelerating revenue growth.
 optimizing investments and resetting the cost base.
 Since early 2015, we have made many changes to the company and have been investing in
 and a broad set of growth opportunities generated by our unique business model.
 So we have made these changes.
 We have always sought to balance the short, medium, and long-term.
 We are …
 certainly encouraged by our current revenue performance and the near-term payoff we are
 getting from our actions. But to be clear, we are making decisions aimed at generating
 sustainable revenue growth. And we remain focused for the years beyond 2017 on the
 a six percent revenue growth scenario that we shared at our investor day in March.
 In addition, we are clearly seeing the benefits of our cost reduction efforts and continue
 to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders through our dividend and share
 or buyback programs.
 Our efforts across these areas are driving the simple model we have shared over the last
 couple of years. We have a diverse range of growth businesses plus a business
 model that provides steady operating leverage.
 Plus the back...
 that shows tremendous capital strength.
 all of which contribute to steady EPS growth.
 Now, I know our numbers have been difficult to interpret over the past two years of repositioning
 the company.
 But Q2...
 does mark the end of the need for the quarterly adjustments we have been
 sharing with you for comparison purposes since the beginning of 2016.
 I know we are all looking forward to next quarter on that front.
 Indeed, more broadly, in many ways, the end of the first half of 2017 is a milestone for
 us as we complete the transition from repositioning the company and managing the related volatility
 to executing plans focused again
 on delivering steady revenue and earnings growth.
 Of course, the environment we operate in is challenging,
 but we believe we are well positioned
 to compete effectively across our diverse customer segments
 and geographies.
 And with that, let me turn to the detailed results starting with the summary financial
 performance on slide three.
 Revenue of $8.3 billion for the second quarter increased 1% versus the prior year, reflecting
 primarily higher year-over-year net interest income, excluding Costco-related revenues
 from the prior year and the impact of FX.
 Adjusted revenue growth was 8%.
 The second quarter also included growth in provision and rewards
 expensive of the growth in loans and billings, respectively, as we would have expected, both
 of which I will come back to in a few minutes.
 The net income of $1.3 billion was down 33% versus the second quarter of 2016, largely
 due to the $1.1 billion gain recorded last year upon the sale of the Costco-Cobra N Portfolio.
 The earnings per share of $1.47 reflects our net income performance and also the benefits
 of our strong capital position.
 Over the last four quarters,
 We have returned $3.2 billion of capital to shareholders through our share repurchase
 program, which has resulted in a 5% reduction in average shares.
 These results brought our ROE for the 12 months ended in June to 22 percent.
 This ROE performance is below our recent performance of approximately 25 percent, primarily due
 to the unequivoc-
 even quarterly earnings re-experienced in 2016.
 you simply look at the math of our expected earnings range
 for the full year 2017 and our equity position.
 Our ROE should trend back towards our recent performance level as we
 progress for the year.
 So let me move to our metrics, starting with Build Business Performance Trends, which
 you see several different views of on slides 4 through 7.
 Worldwide, FX-adjusted billings grew 1% in the quarter versus the prior year, as we move
 to slide five, you can see the Q2 Billings growth adjusted for both the impact of Costco
 and changes in foreign exchange rates
 remained consistent with Q1 at 8%.
 We are encouraged by the continued momentum in buildings this quarter, which reflects
 broad-based growth across our diverse segments and geographies.
 With adjusted U.S. billing steady at 6% and international billing is growing in the low
 double digits.
 Turning to the segment perspective,
 in GCS, which grew at 5% year-over-year,
 consistent with Q1.
 We continue to see healthy performance
 in the small business and middle market clients.
 segments, which I'll refer to as SMEs in my remarks.
 Just to remind you, at our investor day, we defined SMEs as clients with less than 300
 million dollars in annual revenues.
 adjusted volumes from our SME client segment in the U.S.
 grew in the low double digits in the quarter.
 and outside the U.S.
 the SME client volume grew in the mid teens.
 In the large and global GCS client segment, spending volumes are up a bit as compared
 to last year, though, as we've said for a while now.
 We expect the large and global client segment
 to remain slower growth rates.
 as corporations look to manage the travel and entertainment
 expenses.
 In addition, we do not yet see any significant conflection
 point in macroeconomic trends that has caused a shift in spending patterns for these large
 and global customers.
 In the international consumer and network services segment,
 the FX-adjusted Billings growth rate was 8% in line with the previous quarter.
 Looking at the two parts of the segment, FX-adjusted volumes from proprietary cards grew at 12%
 from 11% in Q1, reflecting continued strength
 in several international markets.
 In GNS, the FX-adjusted growth was 5% in Q2,
 down modestly versus the prior quarter primarily due to China as well as Australia and the EU
 which were impacted by changes related to regulation.
 Moving to international in total on slide 7, our billing growth rate is down slightly
 sequentially, but remains healthy with double-digit growth in FX-adjusted terms.
 As we look at a few key markets, for example, we see continued double-digit FX adjusted
 growth in the UK up 15%, Mexico up 12% and Japan up 17%.
 But we have been showing strong growth across the international, the regulatory environment
 and markets like Europe, Australia, and China will continue to evolve and we will continue
 to adapt our business model as the regulatory environment unfolds.
 Stepping back, we are pleased with the continued strength of our adjusted billings growth rate.
 The momentum in the first half of the year reflects the investments we have made in a
 a variety of growth opportunities
 over the last couple of years.
 although we face intense competition in the U.S.
 And the regulatory environment is uncertain in many markets
 around the world.
 We remain focused on driving more volume under our network.
 we feel good about the diversity of our billings growth.
 Turning to our worldwide lending performance now on slide 8.
 Our total loans were up 11% versus the prior year.
 and other solid, corollary performance.
 We continue to steadily grow loans faster than the industry,
 as we capture the particular opportunity we have
 to grow loans with existing customers.
 while also adding new cut.
 As we look forward, we believe we have a long runway for growth, given our existing
 customer opportunities while maintaining best-in-class credit performance.
 Looking at the right-hand side of the slide, you can see that net interest yield is again
 up significantly year-over-year.
 The improvement in yield is driven by a number of factors, including a shift in mix to non-COVRA
 and customers who are more likely to revolve.
 having fewer revolving loans at introductory rates.
 specific pricing actions taken in recent quarters and a benefit from increases in benchmark
 interest rates without a similar increase in our overall funding costs.
 It was a quick reminder.
 Our online deposit program personal savings is a little over $30 billion in size.
 In our 10K interest rate sensitivity analysis, we assume that his benchmark rates increase
 a personal savings rate increases with a deposit data of one.
 However, if you look over the last couple of years,
 the prime weight has increased by 100 basis points
 while our own personal savings rate
 has only increased by 25 basis points.
 Now, that change to our rate has come in just the last couple of months, and we will continue
 to adjust our deposit funding rates to stay competitive in the deposit market.
 In general, though, the Personal Savings Program continues to be a very cost-effective and
 an attractive funding source for us.
 Looking out to the balance of the year,
 if you consider the list I just went through.
 many of these drivers will persist.
 However, the year-over-year change in yields should not be as pronounced as we move through
 the coming quarters.
 Before turning to provision expense,
 let me touch on our credit metrics.
 On slide nine, I'm getting this quarter.
 delinquency and loss metrics in our portfolio for best in class.
 In the worldwide loan portfolio, you can see that the delinquency rate was consistent
 with...
 if you want and up modestly versus the prior year.
 rates, as we would have expected, also continue to be modestly higher year over year.
 Moving forward, we continue to expect loss rates to increase gradually due to the seizing
 of new accounts and a shift towards non-COVRN products which have slightly higher loss rates
 but also generate.
 greater yields.
 as loss rates gradually move higher and loans continue to grow.
 the growth rate in provision will exceed the growth rate of loans,
 Which, as you can see on slide 10, was, in fact, the case for Q2 as provision increased
 by 26%, while loans grew by 11%.
 turning them into our revenue performance on slide 11.
 FX adjusted revenues were up one percent and revenue growth adjusted for both Costco and
 Fx increased by 8%.
 Clearly, we are pleased with another quarter
 of accelerating adjusted revenue growth.
 And in particular, with the broad-based contributions to that growth from our diverse business
 segments.
 If you take a step back, we have taken clear and different actions across those diverse
 segments to drive growth. Let me take you back here for a second to slide 12, which I first
 shared at our investor day in March.
 On this slide, I talked about the growth opportunities
 we have across our different segments.
 and I stress that we have made specific changes
 and the way we operate to better seize these opportunities.
 If I look at our results this quarter, and indeed over the last several quarters, I see
 progress against each of these growth opportunities as we realize the returns on the changes
 and investments we have been making.
 Today, we have a consumer segment generating strong growth
 internationally and in the U.S., where we have strengthened our product offerings in
 the premium sector.
 of lending efforts that have broadened our card member
 relationships and successfully balanced growth with strong credit quality and industry-leading
 presence with SMEs, who use our cards for an expanding portion of their payment needs,
 a larger merchant network that accommodates
 a greater share of our card member spending,
 a card acquisition engine that has successfully been
 redesign for the digital age and a more agile technology
 infrastructure that brings customized products and services
 to market more quickly and efficiently.
 All of these are driving our performance as we come back now to the components of revenue on slide 13.
 First, discount revenue was flat year-over-year and grew by 7% on an adjusted basis.
 The discount rate, if you two, was 2.44 percent, up one basis point for the prior year due
 due to lower rate volumes coming off the network.
 As we stated in investor day,
 Once we move to the second half of 2017,
 you will see the discount rate trend shift back
 to down year over year.
 due to the ongoing impact of merchant negotiations,
 particularly in regulated markets like Australia and Europe,
 and the continued rollout about blue.
 Of course, as always, the mix of our billings across industries and geographies will also
 So impact the rate year over year as we go forward.
 I know many of you also focus on the ratio
 of discount revenue to build business,
 which in addition to the reported discount rate,
 also includes the impact of certain contra revenue items.
 and also how we'd account for our GNS business.
 In the quarter, this ratio is flat year over year.
 at 1.79% as growth in corporate client incentives
 and co-brand part of the payments.
 and the shift in our billings mixed towards DNS.
 were offset by a year-over-year decline
 and cash rebate payments.
 Net card fees grew by 8% in the quarter,
 driven by continued strength in the U.S.
 Platinum and Delta Portfolio as well as growth in Mexico and Japan.
 in the competitive environment, especially in the U.S. consumer segment.
 give you steady growth in card fees as indicative of our card members recognizing the breadth
 and strength of the value propositions we offer on our products.
 In addition, I would remind you that the increased platinum fee for existing U.S. consumer
 car members does not start to contribute to car fee growth until September of this year.
 Their fees and commissions grew 7% in the second quarter,
 while other revenues declined by 19%.
 The decline in other revenues was primarily driven by a contractual payment from a network
 Work Services partner in the prior year, second quarter, and the sale of a small business
 in Q4 of last year.
 Net interest income grew by 6% and on an adjusted basis, grew by 24%.
 As the higher net interest yield I described earlier, and higher adjusted loan balances
 combined to drive significant growth in that interest.
 Turning now to expenses on slide 14.
 Performance varied across the lines, and I'll discuss the changes to marketing and promotion
 for...
 awards.
 card member services expenses when I come back to card member engagement spending in
 in just a minute.
 but first, our operating expenses.
 Total operating costs during the quarter were up 39% versus the prior year, excluding from
 the prior year, the $1.1 billion gain from the Costco co-brand portfolio sale, which
 which was treated as a contra-expense, and a $232 million
 restructuring charge, adjusted operating expenses
 We're down 4%.
 and this marks the fourth consecutive quarter
 that adjusted operating expenses have declined year over year.
 We continue to make solid progress on our cost reduction initiatives, and we are confident
 that we will remove one billion dollars
 from the company's cost base on a run rate basis.
 by the end of 2017.
 We are steadily executing on our plans to improve our efficiency and get costs out.
 This progress, along with our revenue performance today, is allowing us to selectively reinvest
 some of the data that we need to make sure that we have the data that we need to make
 of those savings in areas that will help drive continued revenue growth going forward.
 Our effective tax rate during the quarter was 31.2% compared to 33.2% in this same period
 last year, reflecting both discrete items and proportionally higher earnings from lower
 tax rate international markets than in the prior year.
 We now expect the full year tax rate to come in slightly below our previously stated range
 of 33 to 34 percent.
 According to the summary of our card member engagement spending on slide 15, total engagement
 spending in Q2 was $3.1 billion or 10% higher than the prior year in the quarter and up
 7% year to date.
 Looking at the components of that spending, in the first half of the year, M&P was up
 1% versus 2016.
 As a reminder, coming into 2017,
 we expected marketing and promotion
 would be down significantly from 2016 levels
 as we found efficiencies in our marketing spend.
 and moved past some of the unique investment opportunities
 we had in 2016.
 and you will see that year over year reduction
 in the second half of this year.
 I would also remind you that consistent with our historical practice, we will continue
 to evaluate investment opportunities and monitor our business performance and saving initiatives
 to balance our financial commitments
 with driving long-term value.
 As we look at the effectiveness of our marketing spend, we continue to see good traction and
 and attracting new customers for the franchise.
 In the quarter, we added 2.7 million new proprietary customers globally and in our global consumer
 business.
 to two-thirds of new customer acquisition came through digital channels and 35 percent
 of new customers or millennials.
 Rewards expense increased 9% in Q2, despite a small decline in proprietary billing volumes
 versus the prior year, excluding the Costco,
 co-brand volumes in the prior year, adjusted rewards,
 expense would have increased in the quarter by 20% while adjusted proprietary buildings
 by six percent.
 This growth in rewards resulted in a ratio of rewards
 cost to proprietary billings of 86 basis points, roughly in line with the DEPRIER quarter.
 The greater your over your increase in rewards,
 during the quarter reflects the impact of the enhancements.
 Sure.
 of the platinum products that we implemented
 the beginning of Q416, as well as continued strong growth in our Delta Co-brand portfolio.
 Card Member Services in the quarter increased 24%, reflecting higher engagement levels across
 our pre...
 premium travel services, including airport lounge access and co-brand benefits such
 its first bank free on Delta, as well as usage of the new Uber benefit on Platinum.
 We continue to believe that this is an area where we can offer differentiated benefits
 and we will continue to invest in card members.
 services to focus for just a moment on U.S.
 Do you already know?
 We have made a series of changes to our U.S. consumer and small business platinum product offerings over the last several months, both in rewards and other more experiential benefits.
 The early results from these changes look good.
 and we are seeing both increased engagement
 from our existing U.S. platinum card members,
 as well as higher rates of new customer acquisition
 is the introduction of the new benefits.
 Turning out a slide 16 and touching on capital, we continue to use our strong balance sheet
 to return a significant amount of capital to shareholders over the last four quarters
 we have returned 94% of the capital we have generated.
 I think this shows the commitment we have over time to leveraging our business model
 and capital position to steadily create shareholder value.
 As you all know, we have recently received a notice of non-objection from the Federal
 reserve on our 2017 adjusted CCAR submission.
 We have both increased the dividend payout for the next four quarters, as well as significantly
 increase the share buyback versus the prior CCAR authorization.
 We remain confident in the strength of our business model and our ability to drive shareholder
 your value through capital returns.
 Of course, we also use capital to support business building activities, such as growth
 in our loan balances and potential M&A activity, in addition to returning capital through dividends
 and cheer fight.
 Stepping back now in conclusion.
 Over the past several years, we've embarked on a series
 initiatives to reposition the company and drive sustainable and consistent revenue and
 in earnings growth.
 These efforts have been targeted at providing a mix of returns over the short, medium, and
 longer term.
 Looking forward, we are encouraged with the trends that we have seen in our business
 metrics and revenue growth.
 We believe that these initiatives are driving real momentum across our diverse business
 statements.
 Given the revenue performance of the first two quarters, we now expect full year adjusted
 revenue growth to be above the top end of the 5% to 6% range I discussed in our investor
 day in March.
 Well, this is clearly a positive development.
 It would remind you that our recent revenue growth is benefiting from certain drivers that
 are likely to stabilize somewhat in future quarters, such as growth in yield and increased
 customer engagement, particularly on the Platinum card.
 In addition, as is our historical practice,
 We will continue to balance delivering earnings
 to the bottom line, and investing for the moderate to long term.
 That would also say that as we move to the back half of 2017, the uneven year-over-year
 of comparisons from the last few years
 of discontinued partnerships.
 large restructuring charges and portfolio sales will be behind it.
 The results of the second half of this year should therefore provide a clearer picture
 for all of us of the progress we have made towards producing steady and consistent results.
 against the backdrop of all these moving pieces,
 and given that we are at the midpoint of the year,
 we are confident that we will deliver full year earnings
 for share between $5.60 and $5.80.
 With that, let me turn it back over to Toby as we move.