 Hello, everyone, and welcome to this Örstedt Investor presentation for Q4 and full year 2021 results.
 For the first part of this call, all participants will be in listening-only mode,
 and afterwards there will be a question-and-answer session.
 Today, I am pleased to present Mads Nipper, CEO, and Marianne Winholt, CFO.
 So, speakers, please begin.
 thank you very much and good afternoon and good morning everyone and welcome to the q4 2021
 earnings call.
 Never before has the world's climate challenges been greater.
 and the message from science clearer
 that we need to act now to preserve our planet.
 And with more than 70% of the world's carbon emissions coming from the production and use of energy,
 The transition to a sustainable energy system is at the core of combating climate change.
 With more than 30 years of experience in renewables
 as one of the five largest renewable energy companies in the world
 And as the undisputed leader in offshore wind, we at Orsted want to play our part in realizing this massive renewables build-out.
 And we plan to do so by reaching our strategic ambition of being the world's leading green
 energy major, installing approximately 50 gigawatts of renewable capacity by 2030 and
 combining technologies to offer
 customers fully integrated
 multi-product solutions.
 In many ways, the past year has been extraordinary
 with various external factors impacting the markets where we operate.
 Throughout 2021, we experienced significantly lower wind speeds than normal, especially in northwestern Europe, where we have most of our operating offshore portfolio.
 In February, Texas was subject to an unprecedented winter storm
 where the cold weather was accompanied by surging power prices
 as conventional and renewable capacity across the state
 failed under tough conditions.
 The European energy crunch in the last part of the year, with extremely high and volatile gas and power prices, was also partly caused by weather conditions.
 as the cold winter in the beginning of 2021 led to low levels of gas at storage,
 Whisked together with low wind and precipitation and increasing demand for power and gas caused by supply challenges.
 Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to affect societies and businesses globally
 and led to economic uncertainty.
 and I'm pleased to say
 that we have successfully navigated the challenges during the year
 And we have delivered significant results in 2021, strategically, operationally, and financially.
 And let me take a moment to reflect on some of those accomplishments before getting into results.
 We are strongly committed to maintaining our number one position in global offshore wind.
 And in 2021, we have done so by securing 25% of the 18 gigawatts of offshore capacity auctioned globally.
 and also by replenishing our pipelines with new future opportunities across all technologies.
 we have demonstrated
 that we are an industry leader
 and innovation by reaching FID on our first renewable hydrogen project, having 10 hydrogen
 projects in development alongside several new MOUs with industry-leading partners and
 by securing our first deep water lease right through the recent Scottwind auction that
 will be used to develop our first floating
 offshore wind farm.
 We have committed to being the leading partner, and we have delivered by signing numerous corporate PPAs across geographies and with multiple technologies.
 This is further exemplified by the PPA signed for Borgholm Rifkund 3, which allowed us to substantially de-risk the originally fully merchant project and bring it to FID at attractive returns.
 Taking a customer-centric approach, we have tailored the farm-down solution for our partners
 and ourselves to obtain revenue certainty, including a 25-year PPA with BASF.
 And we have launched even more key strategic partnerships across technologies and the world,
 which I'll explain in more detail later.
 Finally, we continue to be the global energy leader in sustainability, publishing EU taxonomy eligible numbers already in 2021,
 being recognized as the first energy company for our net zero targets by the Science Based Targets Initiative,
 and by promising all projects commissioned in 2030 and after to be net biodiversity positive.
 And most recently,
 Oerster was ranked for the fourth year in a row as the world's most sustainable energy company on Corporate Nights 2022 Global 100 Index.
 We have transformed our company completely to get where we are today.
 And I truly believe that sustainability will be a fundamental premise for all businesses in only a few years' time.
 Let's now turn to our annual financial results.
 And I'm pleased that we have delivered full-year results in line with our guidance
 as our 2021 group EBDA, excluding new partner schemes, came in at 15.8 billion Danish kroner.
 The results are better than our Q2 and Q3 expectations of the lower end of the range, even in light of the extraordinary market conditions.
 Altogether, we see 2021 as having demonstrated the resilience of our business model, benefit of our diversification effect, and our ability to maintain high availability rates even under difficult circumstances.
 Furthermore, we once again demonstrated the power of our proven partnership model in 2021 as we closed the 50% farmdown of Borsello 1 and 2 to Nordisk Bank Investment Manager and the 50% farmdown of Greater Schengler 1 to Global Investment Group CDPQ and Cathay PE.
 The $8.5 billion of EBDA we recognize for these two farmdowns are considered new partnerships and thus were excluded from guidance.
 Our return on capital employed ROSI for 2021 was 15%, above our target of an average group ROSI of around 11% to 12% for the period 2020 to 2027.
 On the back of our financials, we will propose a dividend of 12.5 Danish krona per share
 to the annual general meeting corresponding to an increase in dividends of 8.7%
 in line with our dividend policy.
 Now turning to slide four, I'm very pleased with how we have grown our firm capacity.
 During 2021, we grew our offshore wind firm capacity by 31%.
 We confirmed our strength as a partner when we were selected in Poland by PGE
 for the 2.5 gigawatt Balticat 2 and 3 projects.
 And between the 2 gigawatt of competitively awarded capacity in New Jersey for Ocean Wind 2,
 and most recently in Maryland for Skipjack 2, we proved our ability to deliver a winning offering
 with competitive pricing, attractive terms, and an all-encompassing local content package.
 Turning to Onshore, we demonstrated that we not only buy well, but that we create the right organic development opportunities too.
 We acquired Brookfield Renewable Ireland in April of 2021 that included 327 megawatts of operating assets.
 and at that time, a 62 megawatt project under construction.
 Since then, we have brought two additional projects to AFID, adding another 45 megawatts to our firm capacity as well.
 We also acquired Lincoln Land in MISO of the U.S. in November of 2021, which is now operating
 and generating cash flows.
 And we are constructing the 518 megawatt wind and solar PV Helena Energy Center, a greenfield development project.
 And altogether, we added 1.3 gigawatts of firm capacity within the onshore business.
 And by end 2022, we expect to have 4.7 gigawatts of operating onshore renewable capacity online.
 Finally, for renewable hydrogen, we reached FID and started construction of the 2-megawatt H2 RES project in Denmark,
 moving hydrogen from pen and paper
 to a tangible opportunity.
 And all in all, we have grown our firm capacity by 28% in just one year, reaching over 26 gigawatts today
 and putting us even closer to our 2030 ambition, which I'll continue discussing on the next slide.
 Our 2030 ambition is 50 gigawatts by 2030,
 and of which 30 gigawatts is offshore wind
 And 17.5 gigawatts is onshore renewables.
 And I'm pleased to say that we are well on track to achieving this
 because not only did we add around 6 gigawatts to our firm capacity in 21, as just explained,
 but we also replenished our substantiated
 and opportunity pipelines.
 Compared to the approximately 24 gigawatts of capacity needed to realize our 50 gigawatt ambition,
 we today have a
 24 gigawatts substantiated pipeline
 between offshore and onshore renewables and an additional 43 gigawatt opportunity pipeline
 for offshore wind.
 And let me take a few moments to reflect on our key accomplishments in market development this past year
 that has allowed us to have such strong pipelines.
 Most recently, we and our partners Falk Renewables and Blue Float Energy
 were selected by the Crown Estate Scotland
 to enter into an option agreement for a new 1 gigawatt floating offshore wind lease site.
 We commend the Scotland Seabed Auction for being large scale
 and for having focus
 on development phase commitments, which is exactly what is needed to allow for financial
 sustainable development and to make
 floating and deeper water
 So wind, cost, competitive.
 by securing this
 seabed lease area, we are confirming
 our ambitions in floating offshore wind
 while expanding our substantiated pipeline for offshore wind,
 which now sits at approximately 12.5 gigawatts.
 We made progress on other offshore wind market entries as well,
 with the number of key strategic partnerships and MOUs established during 2021.
 This includes our most recent MOUs with two leading Korean utilities, COSPO and COMEPO,
 which explores renewable energy certificate offtake, joint operation and partnerships,
 and technology exchange for O&M
 and is overall an important step in the development of the 1.6 gigawatt-inch and offshore project.
 In addition, I would mention our MOU with TNT in Vietnam, our MOU with Enerfit in the
 Baltics, and our partnership with Fred Olsen, Renewables, and Havsloan Eco for the upcoming
 Norway's seabed lease auction, as well as long-term development in Norway.
 Together, these have substantiated our opportunity pipeline, which now sits at approximately 43 gigawatts today.
 We also further built out our onshore wind and solar PV substantiated pipeline,
 which includes land control and interconnection positions in the U.S., U.K. and Ireland.
 Lastly, we continue to aim to be a global leader in renewable hydrogen and green fuels,
 And as such, we've continued to mature our existing strategic partnerships
 while building out our pipeline further.
 And we now have 10 pipeline projects in established partnerships and five additional MOUs.
 We are progressing well on the funding and construction of the existing projects.
 The first phase of our Westküste 100 project partnership, for example,
 is supported by the German Real Labor Program,
 and we and our partners are currently maturing
 the 30 megawatt electrolyzer project towards final close.
 Four of our projects are progressing with IPSAI as well.
 IPSAI approval is key, and it allows the respective EU member states to fund the projects.
 Our Lingen Green Hydrogen project with BP was shortlisted as a German Ipsi project, as was the scale-up of the Westküste 100 project called High Scale.
 The Yara Slicekill project was shortlisted for the Dodge Ipsi project.
 and our Green Fuels for Denmark flagship project with Maersk, SAS, Copenhagen Airports, DFDS, DSV and others
 was selected as a Danish IPSAI project.
 Before moving on, I want to mention our two most recent accomplishments.
 First, we have reached an agreement with Liquid Wind AB to acquire a 45% ownership share of Liquid Wind's flagship 1 e-methanol project, expected to produce 50,000 tons of e-methanol per year, based on renewable hydrogen and biogenic CO2.
 Flagship One is a late-stage development project that could become the world's first large-scale sustainable e-methanol project of many, especially as Liquid Wind AB plans to establish a series of facilities across Sweden to decarbonize the maritime sector.
 Second, we have signed an MOU with international steel and technology major, Salzgitter, to
 collaborate on a number of circular economy
 related areas.
 These include green hydrogen production, potentially using power from our North Sea offshore wind
 asset.
 Low CO2 steel production that can be used in our future offshore wind farms.
 closed-loop recycling of scrap from decommissioned wind farms and infrastructure.
 We see this as an excellent opportunity to help decarbonize the hard-to-abate sector of steel production,
 as well as an example of our sustainability commitments pursuing club loop opportunities.
 And all in all, we believe we stand with one of the broadest and deepest portfolios of
 renewable hydrogen products in the
 industry.
 Now moving on to slide six, where I'll look into recent development in the U.S. offshore portfolio.
 Starting in Maryland, where we were awarded a contract for the full amount of our 846-megawatt skipjack 2 project in the recent competitive offshore wind solicitation.
 The awarded 20-year Offshore Renewable Energy Certificate, or OREC,
 starts at US$ 83.9 per megawatt hour in 2026
 and escalates 3% per annum, which equals a levelized 2007 price of 75.8 US dollar per megawatt hour.
 Subject to final investment decision.
 Skipjack 2 and the previously awarded 100 megawatt Skipjack 1 project will be built as one project with expected commissioning in 2026.
 We see this project demonstrating our capabilities in creating value in a competitive environment by leveraging our expertise to help our customers achieve their ambitious renewable targets, deliver on strong local content, and ultimately execute on a very attractive project.
 We skipped Jack 2.
 Ørsted has been awarded a total of around 5 gigawatts offshore wind projects in the U.S.
 and we maintain our market leadership with the largest U.S. offshore wind development
 pipeline. This leaves us
 and our partners with proprietary seabird rights of around 3 gigawatts off the U.S. East Coast,
 which can be utilized for upcoming solicitations.
 In the U.S., we continue to see strong development and progress being made
 in a maturing-our-industry-leading 5GW development pipeline of projects
 with the first FIDs expected in 2022 and 2023.
 Our first projects that have been exposed to the federal permitting delays carry costs are related to developing a local supply chain, which, together with current cost inflation, are impacting the value creation.
 Project development is most mature for our Northeast cluster, and we can see that in particular the cost of installation vessel has increased significantly, not least in light of the limited supply of Jones Act compliant vessels.
 We continue pursuing all technical, commercial, and regulatory levers at our disposal
 to improve returns of these projects in the same way as we always do.
 The continuous fast progress of the federal permitting processes, as well as the proposed clean energy tax policies being considered in Congress, are important supportive factors.
 not only for our projects, but for the accelerated build-out of offshore wind in the U.S. in general.
 We remain fully committed to be a leader in the development of U.S. offshore wind.
 Now turning to slide 7, where I'll give an update on our construction projects and pipeline, first starting with projects under construction.
 We are currently constructing two of the world's largest offshore wind farms, Hornsea 2 in the UK, and Greater Changwea 1 and 2A in Taiwan.
 At Horn C2, we have now successfully installed all array cables and all 165 turbines, and
 We reached first power at the end of last year when the offshore transmission asset was
 connected to the grid
 Today, 17 turbines are energized, but significant parts of the electrical engineering work, as well as other key final commissioning steps, are still undergoing.
 We saw progress according to plan until mid-December.
 However, the accelerating Omicron variant infection rates meant that it was not possible to man the vessels used for commissioning work according to plan.
 And as a consequence, the ramp-up profile will be slower than our original internal expectations,
 But we still expect to commission Hornsea 2 in the first half of 2022 as previously communicated.
 As we previously discussed, we continue to expect to farm down Hornsea 2 in 2022 upon or after commissioning.
 We continue to see high interest for direct investments into our assets
 and our most recent deals demonstrate high confidence in offshore wind
 and provide a testament to our proven transaction model of providing contracts for full-scope EPC,
 20 years of O&M and route to market.
 At our Greater Shanghai 1 and 2A project, we continue to progress our offshore construction work
 and have installed 15 out of the 111 jacket foundations.
 We plan to reach first power in the first half of 2022 and still expect to commission the projects towards the end of 2022.
 As we mentioned in Q3, we continue to see Taiwan being affected by COVID-19 restrictions,
 which could potentially impact the construction timeline, but hasn't yet.
 Since the Q3 call, we reached FID on our Borkum Rifkun 3 and Godovin 3 projects after signing 786 megawatts of corporate PPAs and farming down Borkum Rifkun 3, hereby meeting our partners' additionality mandates and limited merchant exposure.
 exposure.
 turning now to our onshore renewable projects under construction
 and starting with the U.S. onshore wind, we are near completion in terms of constructing for the 298-megawatt haystack wind project
 and would formally commission in the first half of this year.
 As previously discussed, we still expect some delays in commissioning of our U.S. solar projects,
 O300 and the solar
 phase of Helena Energy Center
 due to the forced labor allegations in China and U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods.
 We take the issue of forced labor very seriously.
 and for future projects, we have decided to only use polysilicon-free panels
 until the traceability issues have been fully resolved.
 In Europe, we have reached FID on our first Northern Ireland project, the 16 megawatt
 Ballykeel project, has an off-take solution with Amazon and is on track to commission in 2023.
 The construction of the two other projects, the 62-megawatt Canoxet 1 project in Scotland and the 29-megawatt Lachine 3 project in Ireland are still progressing according to schedule and are expected to reach COD in 2022.
 too. We also continue to
 advance our first renewable hydrogen
 project under construction, H2RES.
 the 2 megawatt electrolyzer project
 we'll use our
 if you're going to hold me
 offshore wind facility as a source
 and is still expected to commission in the first half of 2022.
 All these projects together equate to the nearly 18 gigawatts of installed
 and under construction renewable capacity.
 The development of our awarded projects continues to progress as planned.
 In the U.S., we've added Skipjack 2 to our water capacity, and the U.S. Interior Department recently kicked off the process for the New York Bight Seabed Lease offering.
 New York Byte is the first of seven potential offerings in 2022 through 2024 across different U.S. seabed regions.
 We are eligible to bid for the New York Byte and will provide updates in due time.
 Finally, the development of projects in Taiwan and Poland are also progressing as planned.
 Let's move on to slide 8 and an update on upcoming offshore wind auctions and tenders.
 And I'm extremely pleased with our strong year of successes in 2021,
 where we and our partners secure
 25% of the awarded
 capacity globally through Poland, New Jersey, and Maryland.
 The 4.5 gigawatts of gross offshore wind capacity is 50% above our strategic ambition
 of adding approximately 3 gigawatts of offshore wind per year.
 From this, it is clear to me that our competitive advantages continue to shine through
 across different geographies and auction types,
 And we look to apply this in several of the plentiful number of auctions expected during 2022 and 2023.
 And with this, I will now hand over the words to my end.
 Thank you, Mess, and good afternoon, everyone.
 And let's start with slide nine and the EBDA for the quarter.
 Looking at the group level, we realized that the group
 an EBDA of 8.3 billion, a significant increase on last year,
 driven by the gain from the 50% greater Shanghua 1 divestment.
 Our EBDA, excluding the effect from new partnerships, was in line with Q4 2020.
 As stated, when we gave our 2021 full year guidance, we expected numerous drivers to impact the earnings, and these totaled 0.2 billion in Q4.
 The underlying earnings composition did turn out differently than what we had anticipated,
 driven by the very strong performance
 from my CSP plants and gas business
 whereas the energy crunch led to a larger than expected negative impact on our offshore wind assets.
 During the quarter, we saw wind speeds roughly in line with the norm for the quarter.
 why the derived effect
 from the energy crunch
 had a negative impact of 1 billion on our offshore site's earnings.
 The impact is related to higher balancing and intermittency costs,
 as well as having to buy back hedges caused by the delayed Hornet C2 ramp-up, as Maths described earlier.
 The negative FDA impact from our existing offshore partnerships in Q4 2021 related to a 0.5 billion increase in wake provisions to our partners,
 while the project development costs increased by 0.5 billion
 driven by the continued expansion of our footprint.
 earnings in our onshore business
 increased by 64%
 driven by the ramp up
 in generation capacity
 which was partly upset by the costs relating to the continued
 expansion of our onshore business.
 In bioenergy and others, earnings significantly increased, driven by exceptional performance by our CHP plants,
 due to the higher power prices, higher heat and power generation, as well as higher sale of ancillary services.
 As we only hedge the power we co-generate with heat, we fully benefited from the high power prices on our condensing power generation in the quarter.
 Earnings from our gas markets and infrastructure increased significantly due to a strong underlying performance
 In Q3 2021, we conducted renegotiations of gas purchase contracts.
 And because of the ongoing negotiations of these contracts and the uncertainty around price levels, we would settle upon.
 we had not locked in our margins as we would normally do.
 Hence, with the increase in gas prices throughout Q4 2021, we were able to secure a very solid contribution from the sale of these volumes.
 Let's continue to slide 10, covering our net profit, net debt, and credit metric.
 Net profit for the period, total 3.3 billion, which was significantly above last year, driven by the higher EBDA in the quarter.
 Annette Dette at the end of
 fourth quarter amounted to $24.3 billion, an increase of $3.1 billion during the quarter.
 A cash flow from operating activities reflected the EBDA as well as tax equity contribution from our partner at Haystack in the U.S.
 offset by combined initial margin payments to clearinghouses
 and margin payments on unrealized hedges of $8.8 billion.
 These margin payments only impact liquidity temporarily.
 Our gross investments total $11.8 billion, driven by our continued investments into offshore and onshore wind and solar PV farms, while the divestment proceeds related to the 50% farm down of the Greater Shanghai One project.
 Finally, we had exchange rate adjustments of 1 billion relating to appreciation of the British pound.
 Our key metric, FFO to Adjusted Net Debt, stood at 31% for the 12-month period ending December 2021,
 which is still well ahead of our credit metric target, despite the significant margin payments that we had to post.
 Let's turn to slide 11 and our financial and non-financial ratios.
 our return on capital employed
 came in at 15%
 with the increase compared to last year
 being driven by the farm down gain.
 In 2021, our taxonomy-eligible share of revenues was above 66%,
 while our share of EBDA was 90%, and the share of gross investments was 99%.
 As we have stated previously, we expect the share of taxonomy-eligible revenue to increase in the coming years,
 as we plan to phase out coal completely during 2023 and gradually reduce our gas activities.
 Our greenhouse gas emissions intensity from our heat and power generation, namely our scope one and two emissions, was on par with 2021.
 The emissions from our supply chain and sales activity decreased by 28% compared to last year, driven by lower gas volumes.
 turning to safety
 we have seen a 4% reduction
 in the number of injuries and a 15% increase in hours, working hours,
 which led to a 17% reduction in the total recordable injury rate during 2021.
 And this concludes the group's financials for Q4 2021.
 and then let's turn to slide 12 and the outlook for 2022.
 Our guidance for 2022 EBDA, excluding new partnerships, is expected to be $19 to $21 billion, representing a significant step up on 2021 EBDA.
 As of 2022, we have increased the range of our guidance to two billion instead of the previous one billion due to the increasing size of our renewable portfolio.
 As in previous years, our EBDA guidance does not include earnings from new partnership agreements.
 In terms of new partnerships in 2022, we expect to close both the 50% farm down of Bokum Rifgum 3,
 expectedly during Q1
 as well as the farm-down of 50% share of the Hornsea 2 project, expectedly during the summer.
 We have not included any gains from these farm downs in our guidance,
 but we have assumed a derived reduction in site earnings from HONSI 2 in the second half of the year.
 including the expected farm-down gains from those two transactions,
 The 2022 EBDA will be significantly higher than 2021 EBDA, including new partnerships of $24.3 billion.
 Looking at the directional earnings development for each of the business units,
 We expect the earnings in offshore and onshore to be significantly higher than 2021,
 while earnings in bioenergy and other is expected to be significantly lower.
 I would like to go through the earnings drivers in more detail, starting with offshore, where the significant positive impact is driven by a number of factors.
 earnings from sites in 2021 were negatively affected by very low wind speeds
 which for 2022 is not expected to repeat it, but on the contrary, revert to a normal wind year.
 Both Horn C2 and Greater Shangua 1 and 2A will contribute with a ramp-up of generation,
 And we expect to commission the projects late in the first half of 2022 and in the second half of 2022, respectively.
 The ramp-up will be partly offset by the 50% farm-down of Borsele 1 and 2 in May 2021.
 We will have a full year effect of the CFD contribution for the whole of HORN C1, and
 we expect a less negative impact from the energy crunch in 2022.
 However, we expect to see a continued negative impact from high balancing and intermittency costs driven by expected continued high volatility.
 furthermore
 earnings from existing
 partnership will benefit
 from the contributions
 from Greater Shanghai One, which we farmed down in 2021.
 We also realized a negative impact in 2021 from the provision for the cable protection system issue.
 During 2021, we took the necessary proactive measures to repair the cable protection systems where we had found them to be damaged.
 and we have
 stabilized
 the CPS on several
 of our offshore wind farms
 This stabilization has been executed to prevent further movement of the cables across the scour protection by placing additional engineered rock berms around the CPS.
 We are continuing with this exercise and have plans for further rock stabilization during 2022.
 We are now analyzing the long-term integrity of the cables impacted by the movement
 and the requirement to replace cables, including the impact in relation to suppliers, partners and insurance.
 At present, our evaluation of the total financial impact of this issue remains unchanged, but it is more back-in loaded than what we had initially assumed.
 In 2021, we made further provision regarding wake effects.
 this effect is not expected to be repeated for 2022.
 And finally, we expect 0.5 billion increase in costs relating to expense project development,
 Costs related to hydrogen development and general costs due to the increasing size of our business.
 Earnings from our
 onshore business
 is expected to be
 significantly higher
 driven by the ramp-up generation at Permian Energy Center,
 Western Trail, Muscle Shoals, and Lincoln Land,
 which we commissioned during 2021 and the expected commissioning of all 300 solar center,
 Helena Energy Center in the second half of 2022 and Haystack in the first half.
 And furthermore, 2022 will account for a full year earnings from Brookfield Energy Ireland, which we acquired in Q2 2021.
 And finally, we expect a 0.3 billion increase
 in expense project development and general costs.
 The earnings from our bioenergy and other business for 2022 is expected to be significantly lower than 2021, largely owing to the fact of the very strong performance in 2021.
 In 2021, RCHP plants benefited from the large demand for auxiliary services, as well as the very high power prices and spreads in the last four months of the year, which also led to unusually high power generation.
 We do not expect this to be repeated to the same extent in 2020.
 Furthermore, earnings in gas markets and infrastructure
 were positively impacted by a one-off effect
 in connection with the renegotiation of gas purchase contracts in 2021.
 and a strong underlying performance in a very volatile and bullish gas markets
 where we were able to optimize purchase from our long-term gas contracts.
 In 2022, we expect earnings to be fairly limited, reflecting normal margins on these activities.
 from offshore and onshore assets in operation by 2027.
 Our gross investments for 2022 are expected to amount to 38 to 42 billion.
 The outlook reflects a high activity level in offshore and onshore.
 Our gross investment guidance is fully in line with our expectations and long-term plans.
 And finally, let's turn to slide 13, which recaps our 2022 EBDA and Gross Investment Guidance, as well as our long-term financial estimates and policies.
 We are well on track on our capital investment program in our green growth
 and maintain very comfortable with our long-term financial targets.
 and before we open up
 for the Q&A session.
 Thank you very much, Mayan.
 And I would like to thank you for an outstanding career at Ørsted.
 as you all know
 Marianne announced that she will pursue a career outside of Ørsted.
 And whilst I can support and understand why Marianne, after more than 17 successful years in Ørsted, has the appetite to try other challenges, I am certainly sad to see her leave as a great, experienced and capable colleague to me and the rest of the Ørsted Executive Committee.
 luckily
 We are in the best of hands with our new group CFO, Daniel Leop,
 who I very much look forward to welcoming the executive committee.
 Daniel is currently Senior Vice President, Head of Commercial and EPC in Operation Finance at Ørsted, and has worked for the company since 2009.
 He has a strong strategic mindset, an in-depth knowledge of the company, and extensive experience for several corporate finance and business functions, including previously serving as a head of investor relations, tax, and financial planning and analysis.
 and I'm confident that Daniel will use his strong leadership skills
 to support our global growth while keeping financial discipline.
 And I am pleased that our recruitment process has confirmed our strong internal talent pipeline.
 For now, Marianne will stay on until April 8th to support the transition.
 Marianne, apart from thanking you, I will leave it to you for your closing remarks.
 Thank you, Mass.
 I am very happy to have been part of this amazing journey over the past 17 years,
 of which the past
 eight years as CFO
 and I have concluded
 that now was the right time
 for me to step down as
 CFO. Together with the
 entire Ørsted team, we have
 transformed the company to a
 global leader in renewable energy
 and creating
 significant value for all
 our stakeholders and
 driving a world-leading
 sustainability agenda.
 I would very much like to thank the Board of Directors,
 Math and my colleagues in the executive committee and the entire
 team for an exceptional
 collaboration in
 realizing the profound results
 that we have achieved together
 I will stay on as CFO for a few months to ensure a smooth transition,
 and I remain very committed to Ørsted until my final day.
 Thereafter, I will continue to follow us this exciting journey going forward.
 And with that, we will now open up for questions.
 operator, please.
 This concludes the presentation part of our call, and we are now happy to answer your questions.
 Please respect only one question per participant, and then you can go back in the queue for a second question.
 So, if you do wish to ask a question, please press 01 on the telephone keypad.
 If you wish to withdraw your question, you may do so by pressing 02 to cancel.
 There will be a brief pause while questions are being registered.
 But...
 Our first question comes from Sam R with UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you and congratulations on very good results today.
 Also, may I just add my...
 Thanks to you, Marianne, for everything,
 and congratulations to Daniel for his appointment.
 So on to my question, which I think is kind of the question, which is about inflation rates and cost of capital.
 I know that's always a difficult topic for us to discuss, but I thought I'd try and ask you a question in the following way.
 If you look back as management team on the last year
 and sort of taking into account everything that's changed in the macro landscape,
 how do you see your group cost of capital as having changed?
 And I'm asking in that way because I know you don't like to talk about the level of the cost of capital.
 But I'm hoping you can comment on whether you see any change versus this time last year.
 And related to that, you know, I looked in the annual report this morning to see what you did on your impairment test,
 and I don't see any
 So I'm tempted to conclude from that that, you know, you basically don't see any impact on the value of your portfolio from kind of the things that the market's worried about at the moment, rising inflation in the cost of your projects and, you know, a rising discount rate that you might apply for valuation.
 So that's my question, and I welcome any comments you can share with us on those points.
 Thank you.
 Thank you Sam
 I will try to answer that one.
 the way we look at
 inflation and increased interest rates
 is that we split our portfolio
 into what we have already built
 what we are in the process of building
 and then the future pipeline.
 And if I start talking about what we have already built, the operating fleet, we are very blessed by having a large degree of our assets being inflation indexed.
 So all the UK projects are inflation indexed.
 And we think that this gives us a good protection against increasing interest rates.
 I know there's not a one-to-one relationship, but I think we are in a good spot.
 Then we have the projects with fixed nominal contracts where we, to the extent possible, have secured those via the fixed nominal debt,
 meaning that for those where we do that, we keep the value creation intact.
 Then when you look at what we have not built, we have not built, for example, our Polish projects where we also have inflation adjustment.
 Our U.S. projects, in a way, we have not built and we have a fixed contract,
 Some of it we have secured already through fixed nominal debt.
 but there of course we have an
 exposure. Not an exposure
 that makes this project not being value-creating,
 And that's why you cannot see any impairment losses in our annual report.
 Then when you look at the projects that we have not won yet, we will not be in a different position than any of our competitors.
 so we believe that
 higher interest rates, meaning higher
 wax will
 be built into
 the bids
 and we will
 as I said be in exactly the same position
 as
 the peers
 and that will
 if these increased interest rates in a way continue
 and this is the new normal, then you will see subsidies increasing
 or prices increasing as a consequence of that.
 So we feel that we are actually quite well protected.
 I know we are exposed, of course, to some extent, but compared to many of our competitors and in a way compared to what I think many investors think, I think we are in a good place.
 That's an excellent answer. Thank you. Thank you very much for walking us through all the different pieces
 Our next question comes from Kasper Blom with Danske Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks a lot.
 uh let me start by also saying thanks for the ride marianne and best of luck
 in the future to you and to Daniel, of course, also. Then my question goes to your guidance of
 of gross investments of the 38 to 42 billion DKKs here in 2022.
 Mas mentioned that you are seeing some cost inflation, for example, on U.S. vessels.
 Let's say hypothetically that you had given that same CapEx guidance a year ago, wanting to do the same things as you do now.
 So what would have been the number then?
 Can you give any guidance to that?
 Thank you, Kasper.
 It would have been roughly the same.
 I mean, this is driven by the fact that we are constructing very significant sized assets.
 so we are still building Hornsey 2
 We're building Shanghai.
 we took FID on our
 on our German program
 So we are really constructing a lot of large-scale assets on top of the strong onshore investment plans as well.
 So the inflation is nothing that significantly impacts our overall capex budget.
 I think it's a short answer.
 Okay, if I just may follow up, I think, Matt, you said last year that you were not that worried about the rising input cost of steel, plastics, et cetera, because, for example, on your U.S. portfolio, we're not looking into anything being completed before 2025.
 five i mean we are getting closer and closer to that and costs are still high and are you starting
 to be a little bit more worried.
 Yeah, yes, we are starting to be a little bit more worried.
 I would say that we are working very hard on it because, like we also mentioned just briefly now,
 is that we are seeing that whilst we had secured through pre-buy,
 For example, a very large share of the steel we're going to use in the U.S. projects.
 There are other parts of our supply chain, such as installation vessels, where there
 is a scarcity of the jones act compliant vessels that means that those prices are going up we have
 for those projects that are next in line.
 We have logged in a very large share of the CAPEX, but there is still an exposure.
 Bowman to continue to be very effective and support the sustained build-out.
 No matter what, we remain committed to our portfolio.
 We want to be a driver of the U.S. offshore portfolio and lead that 30 by 30 ambition.
 But it is something that is putting pressure in general on the industry.
 And we, I think, have been working with all we got through securing both commodities and also the other parts of our CAPEX.
 but it is impacting
 and it is something that underlines the need for the support to ensure we keep traction.
 Excellent.
 with us.
 Our next question comes from Deepa Venk-Terschman with Bernstein.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for my question.
 I also wanted to start off by thanking Mayanna for her service to all of us
 and all the best in your next endeavor.
 So my question, and, you know, this is to Matt or Mayanna,
 know, whoever wants to pick up. So we've been talking a lot about inflation of raw materials,
 component supply chain, but the other
 management, and the other
 inflation that also happened of course has been wholesale power prices we've
 We've also seen, of course, rising commitments from corporates towards reducing emissions
 and so on.
 So in this backdrop, just wanted to see how your approach has shifted or not, you know, moving away from just auctions to actually broadening it out more and including corporate PPAs.
 And I know you were the pioneers in Germany a few years back,
 But at that time, the power price environment and ESG commitments were completely different.
 So I want to just, you know, poke on the other aspect of inflation, which I think a lot of investors are ignoring is, you know, rising merchant power prices and increasing corporate appetite and how that changes the value of your future opportunities.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, so basically, Deepa, what you are really asking about, in a way, has this changed our appetite for merchant projects and taking on board more merchant risk?
 Isn't that what you're really asking about?
 In one way, yes, but perhaps it's also opened up another avenue of demand from corporate, you know, so not completely keeping it merchant for yourself, but another avenue of offtake.
 Yes, yes to both questions.
 the thing is that for now
 in a way we don't have any
 merchant exposure on any of our
 project where we can go out and market
 the corporate PPS
 So we don't have anything to sell, basically, for our offshore portfolio.
 For onshore, we are continuing, and yes, you are right.
 We see demand being very, very strong, stronger than ever.
 first of all
 in a way driven by
 green requirements
 from the corporates
 but also
 So I think it has been a wake up call, this energy crunch, that that energy prices in a way are much more volatile.
 and in this transition we are in the middle of
 in a way, you would probably see more volatility.
 and that also
 then leaves the question
 And do we have more appetite on merchant risk if we should win a merchant project?
 And there will be auctions in 2022 where we will have a merchant project, like, for example, in the Netherlands.
 And one thing is an eye-opener, you can say, from this energy crunch, that being merchant probably, in a way, could also give a very significant upside, while the downside from being fully hedged or not being hedged, in a way, is not at the same level.
 so yes we are looking at our appetite
 and the way we hedge, whether we should leave some more room for having a higher merchant exposure.
 but that's something we will be working on
 and we will come back to you as we progress with this work.
 And, Deepa, if I can just support or sort of supplement my answer,
 answer. We are starting
 to see that
 the PPA terms
 and prices are
 are going slightly up for our onshore business.
 And that can sort of, those are shorter term.
 So that also means that that could well be a lead indicator generally for this, for the market allowing this to happen.
 So that would also mean that part of that inflation that is a real risk as the input factors as we go along,
 We are relatively confident at least part of that can settle into the power prices as well, at least on the PPAs.
 All right. Thank you so much both.
 Our next question comes from Alberto Gandolfi with Goldman Sachs.
 and sex. Please go ahead.
 Afternoon, and thanks for taking my question, and Marianne, all the best in your future
 in favor and thank you so much for all the help
 over the years
 A quick one, well, not a quick one at all, sorry, actually.
 There's a question here about putting together what we talked about so far.
 You know, we talked about cost inflation and we started to talk about top line inflation protection.
 And I really appreciate your slide 42 for sharing with us that about two-thirds of your basically top line is inflation hedge one way or another over the years.
 So what I was trying to understand here is there's lots of moving pieces.
 You know, steel prices started to come down.
 Freight rates probably have peaked
 So things are beginning to look a little bit better, but as you just discussed,
 you're playing against the clock.
 So we know that you need to take FID and order equipment at some stage.
 So if you put together that slide 42, power prices, inflation updates, and the timing of when you have to take an FID, what is the actual IRR impact versus your 150, 300 basis point spread vis-a-vis what you thought about a year ago?
 because the world really looks different
 versus the beginning of last year.
 And if you don't have, I don't know, 25, 50 BIPs IRR, can you tell us of the 35, 40 billion DKK EBITDA, if steel prices freight stayed here and inflation stayed here, would the impact be, you know, negligible?
 would the impact be quite meaningful
 and it would be great
 if you could help us out
 And just in case, as you're talking about the 2027 EBITDA, am I right in thinking that you just need to win a few gigawatts this year to be 100% done on the operating side of the target?
 and thank you so much.
 apologies because this is one and a half question
 Yeah, it is a quite complex question for you, Alberto.
 Thank you.
 I can kick it off and count on my energy supplement.
 You are right that in order to hit, if I start backwards, in order to hit the 27 guided EBITDA, it is relatively few things we need to win apart from what we have already secured.
 That is the nature of that business.
 So that we would be quite close to.
 And we cannot quantify in terms of basis points impact of what has happened since then.
 And this would be too sensitive information.
 But I can say that we are, as we mentioned, for the German program,
 That was one where, despite that we saw CapEx increase, there we could actually get the PPAs correspondingly attractive,
 so the value creation from that was fully intact.
 We are not done with the work in Poland.
 We have not locked those final CFD levels.
 so there are still things that can be worked on
 And as we also mentioned in what we talked about in the beginning of this call,
 we still have levers to work on, to work against those inflationary elements that we are seeing.
 I actually think, as we mentioned, it is not you're right that steel and commodities are starting to come down and we have not locked everything.
 So we have, for example, for our near-term US projects where I think the exposure we face is the biggest
 because that's also where we are building an entirely new supply chain, a new setup.
 there we still have quite a lot of levers
 But it is also, sorry for repeating that, that is also why in order to protect the sort of the strong value creation, it is very important that those build back better elements actually come through and keep momentum from the regulators.
 So I can't exactly build that bridge.
 maybe my Anakin supplement
 But it is impacting, primarily in the U.S.
 We are still, even with what we currently have at hand, it's still value creating projects.
 We are working on our levers, and it is something where with the regulatory levers and tax levers that could come in place that we would be in a comfortable place.
 But we are choosing here with the examples of vessels as being the most impactful one
 due to the fact that we have logged a lot already.
 Vessels is an example of a cost category that has gone up significantly.
 And just a small supplement, we will not need to win more offshore capacity to deliver the 2027 because what we will win going forward will in a way be in operation after 2027.
 But the onshore will contribute with quite a lot of new capacity, which in a way is needed to deliver our site, ABDA, but which we all, on the other hand, are very confident that we will deliver.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Kristian Johansen with SEB.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you, sir.
 My question is around this impact of the energy crunch we're seeing in Q4, which is obviously
 pretty material so i i understand that this is a sort of unprecedented territory but
 Can you maybe reflect on the learnings from this
 and whether this will make you reconsider
 how to structure contracts or hedges or any way.
 So you would potentially avoid such a significant impact in the future.
 Yeah.
 There is two different parts of this impact of the energy crunch, which I'd like to touch on.
 One of them cannot be avoided.
 That is the balancing cost part, and that is one hitting everybody in the industry,
 because with this very, very high volatility,
 we have seen, you will
 see more costs
 for balancing
 and this relates
 to the whole
 portfolio we have
 Even if we have the CFD, the subsidies, we get the CFDs on the day ahead and then we sell the day ahead into the market.
 and there is
 where we have seen this significant increase.
 The other part where we have a lot of learning is that we also have had to buy back some hedges due to this delay of the ramp up of Hornsea 2.
 And this has made us rethink the way we hedge.
 So we will going forward hedge a significantly lower share than what we do today.
 previously, and not that I'm saying
 We have been overhatched before, but with normal power prices, if we were overhatched,
 we would just buy back the volumes at the same price as hedged,
 and then there will not be a material impact.
 With these unprecedented high power prices we have seen in this energy crunch, it has been costly to be overhedged, and that is what we have been hit by.
 But a big part of it is this balancing costs, which we believe will normalize as we come on the other side of this energy crunch.
 And maybe just briefly supplementing, Christian, that we are, like my auntie says, we are confident it will normalize.
 But for our 2022 expectations, we have still built in a quite sizable share of that
 Because betting that the volatility is going to go away very near term, we think might be too optimistic.
 So for the comfort of also you knowing that we have probably been relatively conservative
 in assuming a reasonably high volatility this year as well
 to cover those balancing and intermittency costs.
 You probably need to be on the other side of this geopolitical uncertainty around Ukraine
 before you see things normalizing.
 And who knows when that will happen.
 So volatility will probably continue for a while.
 while. Understood. Thank you so much for your answers. Our next question comes from Jenny
 Ping with Citi. Please go ahead.
 Hi, thanks very much.
 Just a follow-up around the CapEx.
 I guess given we don't really
 have a lot of transparency around
 the phasing of the CAPEX program.
 And I think one of the debates in the market today is the higher capex guidance, whether that's inflationary or phasing.
 Are you able to give us some feel of where you're going to be broadly sitting in terms of 23 and 24 CapEx?
 Just to give us a sense of holistically for the projects that you're building.
 building, are we seeing the phasing issue coming through, or is it more inflationary?
 And linked to that, and I guess, Mads, you talk about the IRR being impacted in the U.S.
 Are you able to quantify that a bit more?
 I can start backwards and then leave the first question to me.
 No, we can't quantify that, Jenny.
 It is something that is impacting, but it is not something that means we don't have value-creating projects.
 That is as close as we can get it.
 And on the CAPEX, the CAPEX is exactly as expected when we made our plan.
 we presented at the CMD.
 We already then said that there will be a big deviation between capex from year to year.
 This year is a heavy year because we have both Hornsea 2, we have Shanghua, and we are starting to, and Germany, and we are starting to spend significant capex also in the U.S.
 But also, if you look at the average of these 350 billion that we guided at the CMD, that corresponds to a 45-ish, 44, 45-ish average per year.
 So there's nothing in a way unexpected, and this number is not impacted by cost inflation.
 So I would really emphasize that that's not what you're seeing.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Peter Bishtiga with Bank of America Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thanks for taking my question.
 And my one's on development costs, please.
 So you're guiding to around an 800 million kroner increase in development costs across
 offshore and onshore in 2022, it seems.
 is that a new normal that we can expect going forwards or could we expect development costs
 to continue to rise as you sort of continue to ramp up your ambitions.
 and linked to that, do we need to start worrying about wage inflation
 both in your development team
 and across your whole business?
 I, again, also thanks a lot, Peter.
 I can kick it off.
 There's no doubt that, I mean, the continued geographic expansion,
 building our pipeline, new markets.
 But also, don't forget that we are now starting to also spend real money on hydrogen,
 maturing our hydrogen products and green fuels
 projects
 This also adds to this.
 So, I mean, I don't think we will see increases like this every year.
 But onshore, it was a very small team where we were really working on low budgets.
 We are gearing that for the very substantial growth we announced at the Capital Markets Day.
 So that is something where we are still ramping up.
 And with the new markets and hydrogen ramping up, I think the 500 million is something that we are,
 That, again, not every year, but certainly it is something that we continue to see increases in Devex.
 And to the last part of the question
 on their salary, wage inflation.
 it's not something we are really seeing yet
 but of course there is a pressure out there
 but it's not something that is significant.
 and just these 800 million
 that we show
 So it is four things.
 It's hydrogen cost.
 it's onshore
 and it's more offshore and it's also
 a general cost increase due to the increasing size of the business.
 Got it.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Rob pulling with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead
 Go ahead.
 Hey, good afternoon.
 Thank you for taking the question.
 I hate to stay on the same theme, but may I ask on inflation again?
 And could you give an approximate idea of where leading-edge inflation is on your CapEx projects, say, versus a year ago?
 And there's a second part to that.
 I'd be very interested, given the answer to the first part, is what cost base are you bidding at the moment or bid in the second half of last year?
 Was it the leading edge that you saw at the time?
 Was it assuming some normalization?
 was it assuming
 continued
 inflation in your
 input costs as we try and think
 about where the risks or potential opportunities are on the IRR side as the auction calendar in
 2022 rolls through. Thank you.
 I will start with your last question
 because I cannot really answer the first one.
 we are not able to give a percentage range for the inflation
 because we are, in a way, constantly working on maturing our projects,
 and it will be a different number from project to project.
 And I cannot really give you that detail, but it's a very good question.
 And the last one, in a way, what are we assuming when we are bidding in to the auctions?
 and now we have some very big upcoming auctions in front of us,
 for example, the UK auction.
 and what we are doing
 is, of course, we have people
 who follow each part of the supply chain
 follow the installation vessels, the turbines, the cables, the foundations,
 and make their best estimates based on all the knowledge that we have
 on where pricing will be when we need to commit.
 so there's no other
 thing I can say than that
 But I think with the huge experience we have, I think we are, and the close relationship we have with the suppliers,
 I think we, in a way, at least have a good chance of taking into account all the knowledge out there
 and doing it as best as is possible to do.
 do.
 Fair enough.
 Well, it was worth a try.
 I'll turn it over.
 our next question comes from
 Mark Freshney with Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, thank you for taking my question.
 if I could ask on
 the U.S. onshore
 business and you've
 got the bridge.
 bridge of
 projects
 um there but just beyond that bridge my understanding is that you know returns are
 actually quite good as they are
 US onshore
 even with 20% higher turbine prices at least
 because the PPAs have gone up by more.
 But as I understand it, the entire industry is laying off FID because they're waiting for even better returns and build back better.
 So my question is, is that something that you have?
 Have you got a lot of very advanced projects ready to go
 that are just waiting for Build Back Better?
 And given I was some way down the queue, I have a question on costs.
 There are several parts of costs, right?
 People are very focused on near-term cost inflation, price inflation for existing equipment.
 But there is also the underlying efficiency as you modelize, industrialize, and you continually take cost out of projects, right?
 And that, my understanding, hasn't gone away.
 it's still there.
 So can you also confirm that?
 Thank you.
 I think if we start with the latter, if I understand your question correctly, Mark,
 then, yes, we are continuously working on all those levers.
 and many of them
 We have already materialized in our projects, in our offshore projects.
 but we are still
 we still have lots of things
 that we can actually continue to do,
 apart from locking in and working with our suppliers, like Mahende talked about.
 But we are leveraging, we are looking every time at what is it that we can do to take out additional costs,
 to use our scale, to use our experience
 And for every single project we have, even the near-term and the longer-term ones,
 we have a list of continued upside levers that we continue to work on.
 I hope I'm answering your question on that.
 And for Onshore, to my best knowledge, we don't have a parking lot of things that we are working on right now that we are holding back on.
 I think that, honestly, I think the only place where we could say we are holding back
 is not something we want to do.
 that's on the solar projects where we're still waiting
 to get those panels ready.
 but we are not
 We are not sort of having something which is just waiting for better terms.
 But on the other hand, our pipeline will increase in value with these components of Build Back Better on the renewable side.
 if those go through. We don't believe necessarily
 that the Build Back Better goes through,
 but we believe or hope
 that the parts of the parts related to renewables could go through.
 And that will significantly increase both the offshore and the offshore portfolio.
 and the reason why
 if they go through
 we are well positioned because we are living up to most of the proposed criteria
 for when to be eligible for those tax benefits.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Vincent Aro with JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you for taking the question.
 I'd like to
 We talked about a lot about inflation, so I'd like to come back on the commodity spike.
 the balancing, the hedge fly back, and the offset you've seen there with CHP and gas
 contracts. Could you
 get a bit more
 collar basically on
 the hedge buyback
 the level of hedging you had
 on the series slightly on the edge.
 What is your engine going forward for 2022?
 Is it that you can get some upside there?
 Could you explain us a bit the, you know, workings there?
 And structurally, CHP and the Gaspar flu maybe was not seen really core, maybe.
 maybe it is
 a slightly different view today when we see this bike and actually
 as a sort of a physical edge for your activity.
 Could you comment on that?
 give us a bit of an idea of how you put your conducts.
 That would be my, if I had only one, that would be my first question.
 Otherwise, I'll be on the 20th, I guess.
 Tell me who you are.
 My honor, Ken.
 Thanks, Vincent.
 My Anna can speak to the first part, but I can say there's nothing in what has happened this past that changes our overall direction of travel.
 I mean, our investments, the core of our strategy is in offshore wind, onshore renewables and hydrogen and green fuels.
 So there is nothing.
 We are thankful that especially our CHPs, but also the gas market has helped us in a year that primarily due to wind was challenging.
 But our strategic journey remains intact and absolutely no rebalancing of that.
 and just to add to the last question
 before I answer number one.
 This year has really proven the value of the CHPs because what we have benefited from is that the increasing gas prices, but also coal prices, has not been repeated when it comes to biomass.
 So we have been buying quite cheap biomass and therefore, in a way, had a very, very, very good margin on our CHPs, which, of course, has been an offset to the low wind.
 And the low wind, of course, again, gives higher power prices.
 So this diversification effect has proven to be extremely useful.
 when you then talk about
 the hedging
 yes we were
 when we went into the year
 approximately 90% hedged
 And that has proven to be too high.
 and especially now because of the delayed ramp-up on Hornsea 2.
 And therefore, we have had to buy back some hedges not to have that risk.
 We will, as I said, going forward, re-evaluate the way we do this.
 But one thing is for certain that this volatility that we have seen here
 and these extremely high prices
 will mean that we will lower the hedging level
 And not to sit on that volume risk, but we will come back, as I said, with something new when that becomes implemented.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Ahmed Fatman, which, please go ahead.
 Yes, hi.
 Hi, thank you for taking my question, and sorry to go back to the topic of the U.S. pipeline and potential inflation there.
 I think, Matt, in your comments, you mentioned that, you know, there are still levers that you have on the table that you can pull to sort of mitigate some of the facts.
 Could you elaborate on that?
 I just would like to get a bit more context.
 And then sort of related to that,
 Are you able to give us any sense of how much of the CapEx for your mature U.S. pipeline
 and still needs to be contracted.
 sounds like, you know, logistics is still, well, there's an element of logistics that
 still needs to be contracted, but some more contact
 that would be very helpful.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, I can put a little bit more color to that.
 I think, I mean, it's impossible to give an answer
 to what share of the capex still needs to be contracted
 because it's very different on how mature the projects are.
 I mean, for example, our South Fork is quite close to FID, so that obviously is very highly contracted.
 whereas some of the next in line
 projects are also
 But we are looking at sort of a – we are looking at a relatively small share of the most sort of mature projects that still need to be contracted.
 But obviously the ones that come a little bit further out still have a bigger share.
 but I think the
 still a bigger share to be contracted.
 And I think, I mean, there are technical levers.
 Obviously, the biggest lever is regulatory.
 That is the tax elements.
 But also on the technical levers, there is still a range available for these,
 such as optimizing the HVDC and still some contracting to be done.
 But we are very far, for example, with the vessels.
 So on the most mature project.
 So we are locking in as we speak, but it's impossible to give you a full range of the potential upsides
 because some of them are material, some of them are less hard to do,
 but also with a smaller upside.
 But we are still working on it.
 The team is, even for some of the more mature projects,
 still plowing ahead to materialize those on the technical side.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from John Musk with RBC.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, afternoon, everyone.
 And maybe just returning to a question that was asked briefly earlier around wage inflation.
 And we have seen a few departures announced in the team, I guess, below Mariana and yourself, Mads.
 Have you done any sort of exercise on peer group comparisons to understand
 how you rank versus peers in terms of competitiveness, salaries, et cetera?
 and is there a risk of more people leaving
 if others are trying to ramp up their teams?
 Yeah, thanks, John.
 And, I mean, the risk is always there.
 But I think even though we've had quite a few quite visible departures from the company,
 I would say that very few of those, and this is a genuine and honest answer,
 I think very few of those are due to the fact that somebody is paying significantly higher.
 And if you look at the voluntary sort of turn rate of our employees, it is still sort of well below 10%, 7-ish percent.
 And that means that we are actually at this is at all level, even at director plus level.
 So we are not seeing an unusually high churn, even though obviously the capabilities we are building are high in demand.
 Surely there are people that pay higher, and surely it's become visible with sort of a handful of quite visible departures over the last year or so.
 But it is not something that we are gravely concerned about, John,
 and also because we can see that not only is it great to see our ability
 to recruit internally
 And it's not only Daniel who we appointed today to be my ender successor,
 but also just with the fact that Nilo Donovan could very successfully step up
 into the shoes of Declan heading up our onshore business.
 And we can still attract very strong people, including people from competitors where Troy, our COO, and our North American business came from a direct competitor.
 So, yes, there will be people leaving us.
 yes for some
 There will be a pay element, but we don't think that is at a root cause
 and that we are at a competitive disadvantage that will mean that we have a significantly higher flight risk.
 Okay, thank you.
 Our next question comes from Dominic Nash with Barclays.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon, and thank you for the question.
 and you'll be pleased to know I'm not going to ask about revenue or cost inflation.
 I'm going to ask about something completely different, which is the upcoming offshore seabed competitions, please.
 so look I mean
 you were first movers into this industry and you had big market shares and
 seabed leases to start off with. But if we look at the UK seabed leases over the last 12 months,
 and I think it's, what, 33 gigawatts or so out there.
 I think you won a share of one gigawatt of that.
 and I think it's 30% if you can just clarify that one and then we're now going to your slide sort of 23 and look at the
 upcoming uh seabed leases out there and there are some pretty punchy numbers uh poland and the us
 Is it possible to give us some sort of scale of what you think your opportunities are for
 the total market and your eligibility and ambitions, but also, is there a risk that
 something similar will happen in the US and in Poland and Norway and wherever that happened in
 the UK that essentially you're being crowded out by other offshore wind farm developers and what can
 you do to defend your sort of market share in offshore seabed leases please i think i'll start
 thanks a lot Dominic
 I'll start by saying that our inventory of seabed is still strong.
 I mean, we're just under 5 gigawatts in the U.K.,
 and we're still with options around the Isle of Man
 and the one additional gigawatt in floating in Scotland.
 So that's still very healthy.
 we still have 3 gigawatts in North America secured.
 And then in some of the markets where it's not auctioned away, we have some very attractive opportunities there,
 like, for example, the 1.6 gigawatts of engine, which is not proprietary in Korea,
 but something we are quite confident can materialize.
 I think
 I think that we need to split the U.K. example into two,
 Because Leeds round four, we had absolutely no regrets that we didn't win there.
 because we don't think that those prices are sustainable.
 And as a matter of fact, the fact that Scott Wendt chose to allocate 25 gigawatts, we think is actually a really good thing, because that will mean that other people are also filling up their inventories.
 Obviously, for the very long term, this is very important.
 and for Scotland, most of this would also be post-2030.
 but with our current
 with our current inventory
 combined with where we plan to bid in.
 I mean, we are working with a new partner in Poland for the Polish auction.
 We have qualified to participate in New York Byte.
 We have partners in the Norwegian.
 So I definitely think that our ticket to play and don't forget that we will probably still be the one both on CFD auctions, but also on Seabed that we will be one of those sort of leaning into most of these auctions.
 and that will also mean
 that in totality
 we are not concerned
 that this is something that will fundamentally threaten
 our long-term offshore leadership.
 But we are not going to, especially when there are no ceiling bids,
 we are not going to get so carried away
 that we are going to pay amounts of money
 that will not allow us to do investable or meaningful value-creating projects.
 That's not a route we're going to go down.
 Our next question comes from Dan Togo with Carnegie.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you.
 Not so many questions left here, but I'm still trying to get my head around the thumb downs.
 you have
 flags
 always
 in the defense
 found down here for 22 but I'm trying to get my head around 23 what we should think there
 You still have some projects where you own 100%, but they're still not, you know, facing commission anytime soon here.
 should be weighed on the timing of these remaining projects like Goethe-Lin, etc.,
 on c3 great genre the last two licenses there are projects there
 is it when they are commissioned
 we should think that they will be farmed down
 or could they potentially come earlier, impacting 23?
 it's not something we have decided yet
 we actually would like to keep
 the flexibility on the timing
 and I cannot rule out
 that it will be a found down
 during construction.
 so we will give news
 as soon as we have it
 But for now, we haven't decided yet.
 so therefore I can't share it.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Louis Guillard with Odor.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 it's maybe time to go a bit
 in some details now
 I'll see you next time.
 question of in task and inflation
 of the topic
 and the per-market prices.
 maybe come back to the
 area cable issue since you provided
 a bit more light on it
 during your presentation.
 In particular, you mentioned that the EBDA impact was confirmed,
 but that there is still some investigation on it
 and that it could be a bit more back-end loading than previously expected.
 Could you please let us know when investigations are going to be finished
 and what could be the maximum value at risk according to you after this investigation,
 investigation, what could be the magnitude of the
 potential revision
 if it had. Thank you very much.
 Yes, I can comment on that, Louis.
 I mean, it is, you're right, it is more back-end loaded.
 we are relatively far
 but we cannot say exactly when those
 technical
 investments
 will be concluded and therefore
 that we will have
 a final number
 But I would say that all the work that has happened so far has gone exactly as planned
 And hope that that means that any further exposure to the total of three billion impact and the 800 million provision we already made, we see as highly unlikely.
 So things are going to plan, but not with a possibility to say exactly when we will have concluded
 and therefore be able to sort of finally, finally confirm exactly,
 but unlikely that it will be worse.
 and just one addition
 we have very limited costs
 in the 2022 guidance for this
 because, as we said, it is back-end loaded.
 So we will more do investigation work in 2022 and not something that will impact the P&L to a significant extent.
 Only investigation on rock dumping.
 Yep.
 Okay, thank you very much
 Our next question comes from Klaas Kell with New Kredits.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah.
 Yes, hello. A question related to your CapEx plan.
 Mayanna, you have said a couple of times that you are on track to reach this target of $35 billion to $40 billion in 2017.
 And you have also stated that you stick to this gross investment target of $350 towards $27.
 But these 35 to 40 billion in EBITDA in 27, they assume 50% divestment of the upcoming offshore plans.
 So, in order to get the numbers right, could you remind me that the numbers are going to
 Remind me what you have said about your net investments towards 27.
 it's the 200 million
 so that's unchanged
 so 350 is the gross
 and 200 is the net.
 so 200 is in it okay excellent and have you stated anything about what kind of
 what
 what the cash flow from operations,
 what they could finance towards 27?
 No, that's not part of our guidance.
 That's not part of it.
 Excellent.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Tannkredefullup with Morningstar.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question.
 I have a couple of questions regarding the slide 34.
 before. I don't think you showed this slide before on hedging. And so for offshore, if
 who will confirm that this is the hedging level
 for the merchant side of your production,
 and also give us maybe terawatt-hour exposure,
 for instance, 100% in year one,
 What is your money in a entire tower?
 so maybe the
 geographic breakdown
 if it is the same
 at your
 the
 the breakdown of your offshore wind farms
 and maybe the average
 achieved hedge price for year one.
 And second question still on this slide for bioenergy.
 I see that for year one, which I assume is 2022, there is only 31% hedged.
 So given the current level of market power prices, that means that you should benefit from very high power prices.
 But in your guidance, you assume a significant decrease in the profitability of the bioenergy.
 so
 So, does this guidance assume it's based on current forward power prices?
 these are my two questions
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Yes, the first question, yes, you are right.
 It is the merchant part that we are indicating here.
 So we are 100 percent hedged in year one.
 and that is too much compared to where we would like to be,
 so we will work on that.
 on bioenergy.
 I don't have the volumes, sorry,
 on the top of my head, so that's
 Sorry for that.
 And I don't even think we would like to give that level of transparency, so sorry for that.
 And then on bioenergy, yes, you are right.
 the policy we have
 on bioenergy hedging
 is that we only hedge the part that is the heat-bound part of the production,
 and that's also why we're in very strong years
 with high power prices and then
 that follows with high production
 we typically will see a very high upside.
 And that's also what these numbers reflect.
 And maybe just you had the very last question, why is it significantly lower still,
 is that it was a very extraordinary year last year,
 both in terms of the heat production and in terms of the power production
 because we had very high prices and very good earnings from that.
 And then also it was an extraordinarily attractive year from ancillary services.
 We still expect a strong year from bioenergy this year, but compared to last year, it will expectedly be significantly low.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is a follow-up question from Sam R with UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi. Yeah, thanks for coming back to me.
 And I apologize because I know this is a long session already.
 but a couple of things
 First, just a quick one, Mary.
 And I realized in your excellent answer, Tim,
 My first question, I don't think you'd actually commented on whether you think group cost of capital has moved since a year ago in a material way.
 And I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I think if it was your view, for example, that your group cost of capital hasn't really changed in the last year, that would be an interesting thing for us to know.
 And then, if I may, and if you can bear it, this is probably a question for Mads,
 But, I mean, lots of people touching here in the discussion on the current situation in energy markets, the high prices, the gas shortages, you know, the obvious impact for bills and the politicization of all that.
 I think it would be really interesting if you can just share a few thoughts, Mads, on what you think is the answer in the long term to these problems.
 like what are the implications for long-term energy market policy
 and how is the world going to change to prevent us getting into this kind of situation again or for the long term.
 So thank you. That's it from me.
 Yeah, I'll answer the first one on the cost of capital.
 yes you are right
 of course with increasing interest rates
 we will see the
 RAC increasing
 and that's in a way
 in our methodology
 where we use the forward curve, the market-based interest rates,
 That is a consequence.
 But as you can see from our annual report, this is not anything that is so significant that it has an impact on, for example, impairments.
 and neither does it have any impact on their guidance on value creation.
 Yeah, and if I'm to comment, it's obviously a very big question, Sam,
 on what do we do to avoid a situation
 like this, I think
 Even though, as Marianne said, there's no doubt that lower winds, for example,
 they do impact the power prices.
 from East to Europe
 the low winds
 the low production, the maintenance of the nuclear power plants in France,
 the burnt interconnection between France and UK.
 So, so many factors happening at the same time.
 We fundamentally don't think that a change to the energy market dynamics in Europe is something that would be good, nor avoid this.
 And we don't think the solution is to keep sort of a much higher share of nuclear or fossil fuel in the energy mix.
 So essentially, we think the headline is to accelerate the build out of renewable energy, therefore also reducing the dependency on energy imports.
 And then obviously to retain the baseload sort of sources like biomass-fired power plants like our own, like existing nuclear capacity and so on.
 We think that is the best way.
 And then we will hopefully also not see a complete spike in global demand leading to an excessive demand like the post-COVID sort of stimulus packages has meant that gas and energy in general has been an extreme demand at the same time as the supplies have actually gone down.
 So we don't think there's a silver bullet, and that's what we also hear when we interact with regulators, both in the EU and the U.S.
 there is a strong recognition that accelerated build-out of renewable energy is actually
 at the center of what we need to do
 to avoid a similar situation.
 Fascinating.
 I'm glad we squeezed that question in.
 Thank you very much for coming back to me.
 Next up, we have a follow-up question from Jenny Ping with Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi.
 Thanks.
 A quick one, just on page 24 of the appendix where you have the three-plus gigawatts of hydrogen green fuel project pipeline.
 Can you just tell us at what stage of development you're going to give us a bit more around these projects in terms of economics, remunerations, returns?
 because I think that's one area where I'm very keen to get my head around.
 And then just also a follow-up around the numbers.
 When we look at the 2022 EBITDA guidance range, can I just ask a straight question in terms of the offshore wind business?
 Your consensus is around 16 billion.
 Are you comfortable with that as it stands?
 Thanks.
 Yeah, I can comment on the hydrogen pipeline, Jeannie.
 It is still too early to give specific financial guidance, but I can say that we are actually very keen on moving along with this project pipeline.
 And I can say that 2022 is clearly a year where we do expect to take more tangible also investment decisions on our portfolio.
 and I'll just mention an example of the recently acquired share
 in the flagship one e-methanol product.
 So this 50,000 tons, annual tons of e-methanol, we are expecting to take FID this year.
 And likewise, for the first phase of the German West Coast 100,
 we are also expecting at the back end of this year
 to take FID.
 and on a couple of other projects, it is likely that we could take pre-FID
 depending on where we end these ipsa,
 So the International Project of Common European Interest, those are some of the dependencies we're looking at.
 I won't promise you we'll share a lot of details around that
 because that would be competitively sensitive.
 but I can promise you
 that you will hear more sort of tangible news about this portfolio during this year.
 Yes, and then a new question on offshore guidance.
 I will not answer that, Ginny, because if we had wanted to give you that guidance,
 we would have put it into the
 report and we have not
 so
 but we believe you have everything you need
 to make the calculations.
 Thanks.
 And for our final question, we have a follow-up from Alberto Gandolfi with Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for taking the follow-up.
 I'll be quite brief, just because there's a little bit of a debate going on as we speak.
 Matt, would you mind clarifying what you meant about measures to support IRRs?
 I think that some people that have interpreted that you are saying there's no returns over WAC in the U.S. offshore investments as things stand.
 So perhaps we can broaden the question a bit and say, in previous calls, you talked about procuring and securing steel for the U.S. cluster.
 Can you maybe remind us what perhaps percentage of that capex on the projects that are yet to be developed?
 What percentage of that capex is still to be locked in?
 essentially I'm talking about
 the slide seven.
 so you know
 on the right
 side what percentage of debt capex has not been priced in and perhaps on the left hand side what
 could be, you know, the risks
 here because you're still
 reiterating broadly the same capex for 2022 as you 40 years ago you're reiterating the 200 billion
 broadly
 so I was wondering
 is just because you're waiting to see where really raw materials settle at,
 or is there any incremental visibility and maybe some tangible granular data points
 you can give us to convince us that actually X percent of what you have to spend is somehow
 in the bag.
 There is not one simple answer to it, Alberto, on saying this is exactly what it is,
 because these projects are at very different maturity level.
 But I can say at some of the more advanced projects, we have logged in.
 I'll just give rough numbers, around 80% of the CapEx,
 which, of course, gives us a high degree of certainty for those that are coming up next.
 and please don't interpret that when we say that that this is something where we're still working
 and levers, that that means that there is no spread.
 That is an over-interpretation.
 to keep high pace, which we will.
 we will take our FIDs, clearly expected that we will,
 then this is something where these projects would significantly benefit from that,
 which is also why we have signed a pledge
 that these green elements
 so build bad beggar better need to come back
 But the fact that we continue to work on the levers is not an expression
 that there is no value creation of a WAC at all.
 but for all the projects
 It is not a secret that some of the more advanced projects,
 we are getting visibility that the IRRs are coming under pressure
 compared to where we came from due to, and sorry to mention that example again,
 due to the fact that vessel costs have gone up since then.
 But on raw materials, on steel, which is the biggest cost component, as we talked about, we had pre-bought a large share of that, and that still remains to be the fact.
 So our exposure compared to those buildings, something where nothing was locked in, is smaller.
 That, I guess, is as close as we can get it.
 But this is super helpful.
 So if you allow me, I mean, if 20% of advanced, I guess, is the next two, three years.
 So if 20% of CAPEX is not locked in, and we probably saw all-in probably with less than 20% increase.
 I know some of the freight rates have gone up like up to 10 times,
 But you pre-edged some of the things in some cases.
 So are we safe in assuming that all in on the advanced projects, worst case scenario, we're going to see 20% increase on 20% unhedged, call it a 4% increase in capex, and we call it quits?
 I mean probably that's a little bit oversimplification
 but would that be reasonable?
 I think it is an oversimplification, Alberto, and I think it's – I mean, we would actually rather not say, yes, you could definitely do that also.
 No, absolutely not, because we might not have that full certainty.
 but clearly with a relatively high shear lot in the most mature projects,
 then obviously the exposure is, we believe it's manageable.
 But it's not something that takes away the fact that our sustained pressure to ensure that we get these policy levers in place is important for us and for the industry.
 Got it. Thank you.
 there are no further questions
 I will now hand over to CEO Mad Snipper for a final remark.
 Yes, and thank you very much for very good and challenging questions,
 and thanks for your time.
 we really look forward to
 hosting you again in a month's time
 where we'll actually have our very first annual ESG investor call
 and we will provide you with more details
 But let me just once again thank Marianne for all her contributions to us.
 And as I'm sure you can tell that her role in our journey has been fantastic.
 Again, next time we look forward to welcoming you.