 Hello everyone, and welcome to this URSTED Investor presentation for Q4 and Full Year 2021 Results.
 For the first part of this call, all participants will be in listening only mode and after this, there will be a question and answer session.
 Today I am pleased to present Matt Slipper, CEO, and Marianne Vinholtt, CFO.
 Speakers, please begin.
 Thank you very much and good afternoon and good morning everyone and welcome to the Q4 2021 earnings call
 Never before has the world's climate challenge been greater and the message from science
 clearer that we need to act now to preserve our planet. And with more than 70% of the
 the world's carbon emissions coming from the production and use of energy, the transition
 to a sustainable energy system is at the core of combat and climate change.
 more than 30 years of experience in renewables as one of the five largest renewable energy
 companies in the world. And as the undisputed leader in Austria went, we had all that want
 to play our part in realizing this massive renewables build-out.
 And we plan to do so by reaching our strategic ambition of being the world's leading green
 energy major, installing approximately 50 gigawatts of renewable capacity by 2030, and
 combining technologies to offer customers fully integrated multi-product solutions.
 In many ways, the past year has been extraordinary with various external factors impacting the
 markets where we operate. Throughout 2021, we experienced significantly lower windspeeds
 than normal, especially in northwestern Europe where we have most of our operating offshore
 portfolio.
 Tec
 D
 for subject to an unprecedented winter storm where the cold weather was accompanied by
 by searching power prices as conventional and renewable capacity across the state failed
 on tough conditions.
 The European energy crunch in the last part of the year with extremely high and volatile
 gas and power prices was also partly caused by weather conditions, as the cold winter
 in the beginning of 2021 led to low levels of gas at storage,
 which together with low wind and precipitation and increasing demand for power and gas caused by supply challenges.
 Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to affect societies and businesses globally and
 led to economic uncertainty.
 And I'm pleased to say that we have successfully navigated the challenges during the year
 And we have delivered significant results in 2021.
 statistically, operationally, and financially.
 And let me take a moment to reflect on some of those accomplishments before getting into
 results.
 We are strongly committed to maintaining
 our number one position in global offshore wind.
 And in 2021, we have done so by securing 25% of the 18 gigawatts of offshore capacity auction globally.
 and also by replenishing our pipelines with new future opportunities across all technologies.
 We have demonstrated that we are an industry leader in innovation by reaching FID on our
 first renewable hydrogen project, having 10 hydrogen projects in development alongside
 several new MOUs with industry leading partners, and by securing our first deep water lease
 right through the recent Scott Wind auction that will be used to develop our first floating
 offshore wind farm.
 We have committed to being the leading partner and we have delivered by signing numerous
 co-
 or PPAs across geographies and with multiple technologies.
 This is further exemplified by the PPA signed for Borkholm-Rifken 3, which allowed us to
 to substantially de-risk the originally fully merchant project and bring it to FID at attractive
 returns. Taking a customer-centric approach, we have tailored the farm-down solution for
 our partners and ourselves to obtain revenue certainty,
 including a 25-year PPA with BSF.
 And we have launched even more key strategic partnerships
 across technologies and the world, which I'll explain in more detail later.
 Finally, we continue to be the global energy leader in sustainability, publishing EU taxonomy
 eligible numbers already in 2021.
 recognized as the first energy company for our net zero targets by the science-based
 Target Initiative and by promising all projects commissioned in 2030 and after to be net biodiversity
 positive and most recently as there was ranked for the fourth year in a row as a
 world's most sustainable energy company on corporate nights 2022 global 100 index. We have
 We have transformed our company completely to get where we are today and I truly believe
 That sustainability will be a fundamental premise for all businesses in only a few years time
 Let's now turn to our annual financial results, and I'm pleased that we have delivered full
 results in line with our guidance as of 2021 Group EVDA excluding new partner
 seems, came in at 15.8 billion Danish Kroner.
 The results are better than our Q3 and Q2 and Q3 expectations of the lower end of the
 range, even in light of the extraordinary market conditions.
 all together. We see 2021 as having demonstrated the resilience of our business model, benefit
 of our diversification effect and our ability to maintain high availability rates even under
 difficult circumstances.
 Furthermore, we once again demonstrated the power of our proven partnership model in 2021
 Once we close the 50% farm down of Borsale 1 and 2 to Nordisk Bank Investment Manager
 and the 50% farm down of Greater Shanghua One to Global Investment Group CDPQ and CathAPE.
 The 8.5 billion of EBDA we recognize for these two farm downs are considered new partnerships
 and thus were excluded from guidance.
 Our return on capital employed Rosie for 2021 was 15% above our target of an average group
 of around 11 to 12 percent for the period 2020 to 2027 on the back of our
 financials, we will propose a dividend of 12.5 Danish Kroner per share to the annual
 general meeting corresponding to an increase in dividends of 8.7% in line with our dividend
 policy.
 Now turning to slide four.
 I'm very pleased with how we have grown our firm capacity.
 During 2021, we grew our offshore wind firm capacity by 31%.
 percent.
 We confirmed our strength as a partner when we were selected in Poland by PGE for the
 2.5 gigaWatt Baltic had two and three projects. And between the two gigaWatt of
 competitively awarded capacity in New Jersey for Ocean Wind 2, and most recently in Maryland
 for Skipjack 2, we proved our ability to deliver a winning offering with competitive
 pricing, attractive terms, and an all-encompassing local content package.
 Turning to onshore, we demonstrated that we not only buy well, but that we create the
 the right organic development opportunities, too.
 We acquired Brookfield Renewable Ireland in April of 2021,
 that included 327 megawatts of operating assets,
 and at that time,
 a 62 megawatt project under construction.
 Since then, we have brought two additional projects to FID, adding another 45 megawatts
 to our firm capacity as well.
 We also acquired Lincoln land in my soul of the US in November of 2021, which is now operating and generating cash flows.
 And we are constructing the 518 megawatt wind and solar PV Helene Energy Center at Greenfield Development Project.
 And all together, we added 1.3 gigawatts of firm capacity within the onshore business
 And by end 2022, we expect to have 4.7 gigawatts of operating on-shore renewable capacity online.
 Finally, for renewable hydrogen, we reached FID and started construction of the 2MW H2
 project in Denmark, moving hydrogen from pen and paper to a tangible opportunity.
 And all in all, we have grown our current capacity
 28 percent in just one year reaching over 26 gigawatts today and putting us even closer
 to our 2030 ambition, which I'll continue discussing on the next slide.
 Our 2030 ambition is 50 gigawatts by 2030, and of which 30 gigawatts if offshore wind
 and 17 and a half gigawatts is onshore renewables.
 And I'm pleased to say that we are well on track to achieving this because not only did
 We add around six gigawatts to our firm capacity in 21,
 as just explained.
 but we also replenished our substantiated
 and opportunity pipelines.
 compared to the approximately 24 gigawatts of capacity needed to realize our 50 gigawatt
 ambition.
 We today have a 24 gigaWatt substantiated pipeline between offshore and onshore renewables
 and an additional 43 gigawatt opportunity pipeline
 for offshore wind.
 And let me take a few moments to reflect on our key accomplishments in market development
 this past year that has allowed us to have such strong pipelines.
 recently.
 We and our partners Falk Renewables and Blue Float Energy were selected by the crowning
 State Scotland to enter into an option agreement for a new one gigawatt floating offshore wind
 least side.
 We commend the Scott Winsey bid auction for being large scale and for having focus on
 development phase commitments, which is exactly what is needed to allow for financial sustainable
 development and to make floating and deeper water wind cost competitive.
 By securing this seabed lease area, we are confirming our ambitions in floating offshore
 wind while expanding our substantiated pipeline for offshore wind which now sits at approximately
 12.5 gigawatts. We made progress on other offshore wind market entries as well with a
 the number of key strategic partnerships and MOUs established during 2021.
 This includes our most recent MOUs with two leading Korean utilities, KOSPO and KOMIPO,
 which explores renewable energy certificate offtake,
 joint operation and partnerships and technology exchange for O&M and is overall an important
 step in the development of the 1.6 gigawatt inch and offshore project.
 In addition, I would mention our MOU with TNT in Vietnam, our MOU with NFID in the Baltics,
 our partnership with Fred Olsson, Renewables and Hafslorn Eco for the upcoming Norway
 receive at least auction, as well as long-term development in Norway.
 Together, these have substantiated our opportunity pipeline, which now sits at approximately
 4 to 3 gigawatts today.
 but also further build out our onshore wind and solar PV substantiated pipeline, which
 This includes land control and interconnection positions in the U.S., U.K. and Ireland.
 Lastly, we continue to aim to be a global leader in renewable hydrogen and green fuels,
 And as such, we have continued to mature our existing strategic partnerships while building
 out.
 pipeline further. And we now have 10 pipeline projects in established partnerships and
 five additional MOUs. We are progressing well on the funding and construction of the existing
 products.
 The first phase of our Westküste 100 project partnership, for example, is supported by
 by the German real labor program,
 and we and our partners are currently maturing
 the 30 megawatt electrolyzer project towards final close.
 Four of our projects are progressing with Ipsi as well.
 The IPSI approval is key and it allows the respective EU member states to fund the projects.
 Bollingen Green Hydrogen Project with BP was shortlisted as a German IFSI project, as was
 the scale-up of the West Custer 100 project called High Scale, the Yarra Slice Kill Project
 was shortlisted for the Dutch upside project and our green fuels for Denmark flagship project
 with MERSC, SAS, Copenhagen Airports, DFDS, DSV, and others were selected as a Danish
 Ibsite project.
 Before moving on, I want to mention our two most recent accomplishments.
 First, we have reached an agreement with Liquid Wind, AB, to acquire 45% ownership share of
 liquid winds flagship one e-methanol project expected to produce 50,000 tons of e-methanol
 per year based on renewable hydrogen and biogenic CO2.
 The flagship one is the late-stage development project that could become the world's first
 class scale sustainable e-methanol product of many, especially as liquid wind AB plants
 to establish a series of facilities across Sweden to decarbonize the maritime sector.
 Second, we have signed an MOU with international steel and technology major, Salzgitter, to
 collaborate on a number of circular economy-related areas.
 These include green hydrogen production, potentially using power from our North Sea offshore wind
 acid, low CO2 steel production that can be used in our future offshore wind farms, closed
 loop recycling of scrap from decommissioned wind farms and infrastructure.
 We see this as an excellent opportunity to help decarbonise the hard to abate sector
 of steel production, as well as an example of our sustainability commitments pursuing
 globe loop opportunities and all in all we believe we stand with one of the
 the broadest and deepest portfolios of renewable hydrogen projects in the industry.
 Now moving on to slide 6 where I will look into recent development in the US offshore
 portfolio.
 Starting in Maryland, where we were awarded a contract for the full amount of our 846
 Megawatts Skipjack II project in the recent competitive offshore wind solicitation.
 The Awarded 20-Year Offshore Renewable Energy Certificate, or ORIC, starts at US$83.9 per
 megawatt hour in 2026 and escalates 3% per annum which equals a levelized 2007
 price of 75.8 US dollar per megawatt hour.
 Subject to final investment decision.
 Skipjack 2 and the previously awarded 100 megawatt Skipjack 1 project will be built as
 one project with expected commissioning in 2026.
 We see this project demonstrating our capabilities in creating value in a competitive environment
 by leveraging our expertise to help our customers achieve their ambitions, ambitious renewable
 targets deliver on strong local content and ultimately execute on a very
 Attractive Projects.
 We skip deck 2.
 Örster has been awarded a total of around 5 gigawatts offshore wind projects in the U.S.
 and we maintain our market leadership with the largest U.S. offshore wind development pipeline.
 This leaves us and our partners with proprietary seabed rights of around three gigawatts off the U.S. east coast,
 which can be utilized for upcoming solicitations.
 In the U.S., we continue to see strong development and progress being made in maturing our industry-leading
 five gigawatt development pipeline of projects with the first FID is expected in 2022 and 2023.
 Our first projects that have been exposed to the federal permitting delays carry costs
 of related to developing a local supply chain, which, together with current cost inflation,
 are impacting the value creation.
 Project development is most mature for our northeast cluster, and we can see that in
 particularly the cost of installation vessel has increased significantly, not least in
 in light of the limited supply of Jones Act compliant vessels.
 We continue pursuing all technical, commercial and regulatory levers at our disposal to improve
 returns of these projects in the same way as we always do.
 the continuous fast progress of the federal permitting progress processes
 as well as the proposed Clean Energy Tax Policies being considered in Congress, are important
 supportive factors, not only for our projects, but for the accelerated buildout of offshore
 wind in the U.S. in general. We remain fully committed to be a leader in the development
 of U.S. offshore wind.
 Now turning to slide 7, where I'll give an update on our construction projects and pipeline.
 starting with projects under construction.
 We are currently constructing two of the world's largest offshore wind farms, Horn Seat 2 in the UK and Greater Shanghua 1 and 2A in Taiwan.
 At Horn C2, we have now successfully installed all array cables and all 165 turbines, and
 will reach first power at the end of last year, when the offshore transmission
 and as it was connected to the grid.
 today
 17 turbines are energized, but significant parts of the electrical engineering work as
 as well as other key final commissioning steps are still undergoing.
 We saw progress according to plan until mid-December.
 However, the accelerating Omicron variant infection rates meant that it was not possible
 to man the vessels used for commissioning work according to plan. And as a consequence,
 The ramp-up profile will be slower than our original internal expectations, but we still
 ...
 expect to commission Horn C2 in the first half of 2022 as previously
 communicated.
 As we previously discussed, we continue to expect to farm down Horn C2 in 2022 upon or
 after commissioning.
 We continue to see high interest for direct investments into our assets and our most recent
 deals demonstrate high confidence in offshore wind and provide a testament to our proven
 transaction model of providing contracts for full-scope EPC, 20 years of O&M and
 route to market and our greatest genre one and two a project we continue to
 progress our offshore construction work and have installed 15 out of the 111
 Jacket Foundations.
 we plan to reach first power in the first half of 2022 and still expect to commission
 in the projects towards the end of 2022.
 As we mentioned in Q3, we continue to see Taiwan being affected by COVID-19 restrictions,
 which could potentially impact the construction timeline, but hasn't yet.
 Since the Q3 call, we reached FID on our Borg Home Rifgun 3 and go to win 3 projects after
 signing 786 megawatts of corporate PPAs and farming down Borkholm RFCON 3 here by meeting
 our partners' additionality mandates and limited merchant exposure.
 Turning now to our onshore renewable projects on construction and starting with the US onshore wind
 And we are near completion in terms of constructing for the 298 megawatt Haystack wind project
 and would formally commission in the first half of this year.
 As previously discussed, we still expect some delays in commissioning of our U.S. solar
 projects, all 300, and the solar phase of Helena Energy Center due to the forced labor
 allegations in China and U.S. terrorist on Chinese goods.
 We take the issue of forced labor very seriously, and for future projects we have decided to
 ...
 only use polysilicon-free panels until the traceability issues have been fully resolved.
 In Europe, we have reached FID on our first Northern Ireland project.
 The 16 megawatt belly keel project has an offtake solution with Amazon and is on track
 to commission in 2023.
 The construction of the two other projects that 62 megawatt can accept one project in
 Scotland and the 29 megawatt Lachine 3 project in Ireland are still progressing according
 to schedule and I expected to reach COD in 2022.
 We also continue to advance our first renewable hydrogen project on the construction H2-RES.
 The two megawatt electrolyzer project will use our Avedere Holme offshore wind facility
 as a source and is still expected to commission in the first half of 2022.
 All these parties together equate to the nearly 18 GigaWatts of installed and under construction
 renewable capacity. The development of our awarded projects continues to progress as planned.
 In the U.S., we've added Skipjack II to our water capacity, and the U.S. Interior Department
 recently kicked off the process for the New York Byte Seabed lease offering.
 New York bite is the first of seven potential offerings in 2022 through 2024 across different
 U.S. seabed regions.
 We are eligible to bid for the New York Bight and will provide updates in due time.
 Finally, the development of projects in Taiwan and Poland are also progressing as planned.
 Let's move on to slide 8 and an update on upcoming offshore wind auctions and tenders.
 And I'm extremely pleased with our strong year of successes in 2021, where we and our
 partner secured 25% of the awarded capacity globally through Poland, New Jersey and Maryland.
 The 4.5GW of cross offshore wind capacity is 50% above our strategic ambition of adding
 approximately 3 gigawatts of offshore wind per year.
 this, it is clear to me that our competitive advantages continue to shine through across
 different geographies and auction types and we look to apply this in several of
 of the plentiful number of auctions expected during 2022 and 2023.
 And with this, I will now hand over the word to Mayane.
 Thank you, Ms. And good afternoon, everyone.
 And let's start with slide nine and the ABDA for the quarter.
 Looking at the group level, we realized an ABDA of 8.3 billion, a significant increase
 on last year, driven by the gain from the 50 percent Greater Shanghua One divestment.
 our ABDA excluding the effect from new partnerships was in line with Q4 2020.
 As stated, when we gave our 2021 full year guidance, we expected numerous drivers to
 impact the earnings.
 And this totaled 0.2 billion in Q4.
 The underlying earnings composition
 It turned out differently than what we had anticipated, driven by the very strong performance
 from our CSP plants and gas business, whereas the energy crunch led to a larger than expected
 negative impact on our offshore wind assets. During the quarter we saw wind
 speeds roughly in line with the norm for the quarter, while the derived effect from the
 January crunch had a negative impact of 1 billion on our offshore sites earnings.
 The impact is related to higher balancing and intermittency costs, as well as having
 to buy back hedges caused by the delayed Hornet-T2 ramp-up, as Mas described earlier.
 negative FDA impact from our existing offshore partnerships in Q4 2021 related to a 0.5 billion
 increase in wake provisions to our partners, while the project development costs increased
 by 0.5 billion, driven by the continued expansion of our footprint.
 Earnings in our onshore business increased by 64%, driven by the ramp-up in generation
 capacity, which was partly upset by the cost relating to the continued expansion of our
 business. In bioenergy and others, earnings significantly increased, driven by exceptional
 performance by our CHP plants due to the higher power prices, higher heat and power
 generation, as well as higher sale of auxiliary services.
 As we only hit the power we co-generate with heat,
 We fully benefited from the high power prices
 on our condensing power generation in the quarter.
 earnings from our gas markets and infrastructure, increased
 significantly due to a strong underlying performance.
 In Q3 2021, we conducted renegotiations of gas purchase contracts and because of the
 ongoing negotiations of these contracts and the uncertainty around price levels, we would
 to settle upon.
 We had not locked in our margins as we would normally do.
 Hence, with the increase in gas prices throughout Q4 2021,
 we were able to secure a very solid contribution
 from the sale of these volumes.
 Let's continue to slide 10, covering our net profit, net debt, and credit metric.
 profit for the period total 3.3 billion, which was significantly above last year, driven
 by the higher EBITDA in the quarter.
 A net debt at the end of fourth quarter amounted to $24.3 billion, an increase of $3.1 billion
 during the quarter.
 A cash flow from operating activities reflected the ABDA, as well as tax equity contribution
 from our partner at Taystack in the U.S., offset by combined initial margin payments
 to clearing houses and margin payments on realized hedges of 8.8 billion.
 These margin payments only impact liquidity temporarily.
 Our gross investments, total $11.8 billion, driven by our continued investments into
 offshore and onshore wind and solar PV pumps, while the divestment proceeds
 related to the 50 percent farm down of the Greater Shanghua One project.
 Finally, we had exchanged rate adjustments of 1 billion relating to appreciation of the
 British Pound.
 Our key metric FFO to adjusted net debt stood at 31% for the 12 month period ending December
 2021, which is still well ahead of our credit metric target, despite the significant margin
 payments that we had to post.
 Let's turn to slide 11 and our financial and non-financial ratios.
 Our return on capital employed came in at 15 percent with the increase compared to last
 year being driven by the farm down gain.
 In 2021, our taxonomy-eligible share of revenues was above 66 percent, while our share of
 ABDA was 90 percent, and the share of gross investments was 99 percent.
 As we have stated previously, we expect the share of taxonomy-eligible revenue to increase
 in the coming years, as we plan to phase out cold completely during 2023, and gradually
 reduce our gas activities.
 Our greenhouse gas emissions intensity from our heat and power generation, namely our
 Our scope 1 and 2 emissions was on par with 2021.
 emissions from our supply chain and sales activity, decreased by 28 percent compared
 to last year, driven by lower gas volumes. Turning to safety, we have seen a 4 percent
 reduction in the number of injuries and a 15 percent increase in working hours, which
 which led to a 17% reduction in the total recordable injury rate during 2021.
 This concludes the group's financials for Q4 2021.
 And then let's turn to slide 12.
 and the outlook for 2022.
 Our guidance for 2022 ABDA excluding new partnerships is expected to be 19 to 21 billion, representing
 a significant step up on 2021 ABDA.
 As of 2022, we have increased the range of our guidance to $2 billion instead of the
 previous $1 billion.
 due to the increasing size of our renewable portfolio.
 As in previous years, our ABDA guidance does not include earnings from new partnership
 agreements.
 in terms of new partnerships in 2022.
 We expect to close both the 50% farm down of Borkum Riftgun 3, expectedly during Q1,
 as well as the farm down of 50% share of the Horn C2 project,
 expectedly during the summer.
 We have not included any gains from these farm-downs in our guidance, but we have a
 s-
 assumed a derived reduction in site earnings from HONSI-2 in the second half of the year,
 Including the expected farm down gains from those two transactions, the 2022 ABDA will
 be significantly higher than 2021 ABDA, including new partnerships of 24.3 billion.
 Looking at the directional earnings development for each of the business units, we expect
 the earnings in offshore and onshore to be significantly higher than 2021, while earnings
 in bioenergy and other is expected to be significantly lower.
 I would like to go through the earnings drivers in more detail, starting with offshore, where
 the significant positive impact is driven by a number of factors.
 factors.
 Earnings from sites in 2021 were negatively affected by very low wind speeds, which for 2022
 is not expected to repeat it, but on the contrary,
 revert to a normal wind year.
 Both Horn C2 and Greater Shanghua 1 and 2A will contribute with a ramp-up of the generation
 And we expect to commission the projects late in the first half of 2022 and in the second
 half of 2022, respectively.
 The ramp-up will be partly upset by the 50% farm-down of Borsale 1 and 2 in May 2021.
 We will have a full year effect of the CFD contribution for the whole of Horn C-1.
 And we expect a less negative impact from the energy crunch in 2022.
 However, we expect to see a continued negative impact from high balancing and intermittency
 cost driven by expected continued high volatility.
 Thank you very much for your opportunity.
 Furthermore,
 earnings from existing partnership will benefit from the contributions from Greater
 General One, which we found down in 2021.
 We also realized a negative impact in 2021 from the provision for the cable protection
 system issue.
 During 2021, we took the necessary proactive measures to repair the cable protection systems,
 we had found them to be damaged and we have stabilized the CPS on several of our offshore
 wind farms.
 This stabilization has been executed to prevent further movement of the cables across the
 our protection.
 by placing additional engineered rock berms around the CPS.
 We are continuing with this exercise and have plans for further rock stabilization during 2022.
 We are now analyzing the long-term integrity of the cables impacted by the movement
 and the requirement to replace cables, including the impact in relation to suppliers, partners, and insurance.
 And at present, our evaluation of the total financial impact of this issue remains unchanged,
 but it is more back-in-loaded than what we had initially assumed.
 In 2021, we made further provision regarding wake effects.
 This effect is not expected to be repeated for 2022.
 Finally, we expect a 0.5 billion increase in costs relating to expense project development,
 related to hydrogen development and general cost due to the increasing size of our business.
 Earnings from our onshore business is expected to be significantly higher, driven by the
 ramp-up generation at Permian Energy Center, Western Trail, Muscle Sholes and Lincoln Land,
 which we commissioned during 2021.
 the expected commissioning of all 300 solar center, Helena Energy Center in the second
 half of 2022 and Haystack in the first half.
 And furthermore, 2022 will account for a full-year earnings from Brookfield Energy
 Ireland, which we acquired in Q2 2021. And finally, we expect a 0.3 billion increase
 in expense to project development and general costs.
 earnings from our bioenergy and other business for 2022 is expected to be significantly lower
 than 2021, largely owing to the fact of the very strong performance in 2021.
 In 2021, RCHP plants benefited from the large demand for auxiliary services as well as the
 very high power prices and spreads in the last four months of the year, which also led
 to unusually high power generation.
 We do not expect this to be repeated
 to the same extent in 2020.
 Furthermore, earnings in gas markets and infrastructure were positively impacted by a one-off effect
 in connection with the renegotiation of gas purchase contracts in 2021 and a strong underlying
 performance in a very volatile and bullish gas markets, where we were able to optimize
 purchase from our long-term gas contracts.
 In 2022, we expect earnings to be fairly limited, reflecting normal margins on these activities.
 Despite 2021 being a soft year for our side earnings, I want to reiterate that we are
 fully on track to deliver on our long-term ABDA Kager of around 12 percent from 2020
 to 2027, targeting at 35 to 40 billion EBITDA from offshore
 and onshore assets in operation.
 by 2027.
 Our gross investments for 2022 are expected to amount to 38 to 42 billion.
 The outlook reflects a high activity level in offshore and onshore.
 cross-investment guidance is fully in line with our expectations and long-term plans.
 And finally, let's turn to slide 13, which recaps our 2022 ABDA and gross investment
 guidance as well as our long-term financial estimates and policies.
 We are well on track on our capital investment program in our green growth and maintain very
 comfortable with our long-term financial targets.
 And before we open up for the Q&A session, thank you very much, Mayane.
 I would like to thank you for an outstanding career at Östed.
 As you all know, Mianna announced that she will pursue a career outside of Örsted.
 And whilst I can support and understand why Mariana, after more than 17 successful years
 has the appetite to try all the challenges.
 I am certainly sad to see her leave as a great experienced and capable colleague to me and
 the rest of the years to the executive committee.
 Luckily, we are in the best of hands with our new group CFO, Daniel Leop, who I very
 much look forward to welcoming the Executive Committee.
 daniel's currently senior vice president
 Head of Commercial and EPC in Operation Finance at Örsted and has worked for the company since
 2009.
 He has a strong strategic mindset, an in-depth knowledge of the company and extensive experience
 for several corporal finance and business functions, including previously serving as
 ahead of investor relations tax and financial planning and analysis and I'm confident that
 Daniel will use his strong leadership skills to support our global growth while keeping
 financial discipline.
 And I am pleased that our recruitment process has confirmed our strong internal talent pipeline.
 For now, Mianne will stay on until April 8th to support the transition.
 Mayanne, apart from thanking you, I will leave it to you for your closing remarks.
 Thank you, Ms.
 I am very happy to have been part of this amazing journey over the past 17 years, of
 which the past eight years as CFO.
 And I have concluded that now was the right time
 for me to step down as a CFO.
 Together with the entire Öster team, we have transformed the company to a global leader
 in renewable energy and creating significant value for all our stakeholders and driving
 a world-leading sustainability agenda.
 I would very much like to thank the Board of Directors,
 math and my colleagues in the Executive Committee and the entire OSTED team for an exceptional
 collaboration in realizing the profound results that we have achieved together.
 I will stay on at CFO for a few months to ensure a smooth transition and I remain very
 committed to EarthStead until my final day.
 after I will continue to follow us this exciting journey going forward.
 And with that, we will now open up for questions, operator, please.
 This concludes the presentation part of our call and we are now happy to answer your questions.
 Please respect only one question per participant and then you can go back in the queue for
 second question.
 So, if you do wish to ask a question, please press 01, the telephone keypad.
 If you wish to withdraw your question,
 You might do so by pressing 0, 2 to cancel.
 There will be a brief pause while questions are being registered.
 that.
 Our first question comes from Sam Err with UBS. Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much and good afternoon everybody and thank you and congratulations on very
 good results today. Also, may I just add my thanks to you, Mary-Anne, for everything
 and congratulations to Daniel for his appointment.
 So, onto my question, which I think is kind of the question, which is about inflation
 rates and cost of capital. I know that's always a difficult topic for us to discuss, but I thought
 I thought I'd try and ask a question in the following way.
 If you look back as management team on the last year, and so they're taking into account
 everything that's changed in the macro landscape.
 How do you see your group cost of capital as having changed?
 I'm asking in that way because I know you don't like to talk about the level of the cost of
 capital, but I'm hoping you can comment on whether you see any change versus this time
 last year and related to that, you know, I looked in the annual report this morning to
 Let's see.
 what you did on your impairment test and I don't see any so I'm tempted to conclude
 from that that, you know, you basically don't see any impact on the value of your portfolio
 from kind of the things that the market is worried about at the moment, rising, you know,
 inflation in the cost of your projects and, you know, a rising discount rate that you
 might apply for valuation.
 So that's my question and I welcome any comments you can share with us on those points.
 Thank you.
 Yeah. Thank you, Sam.
 I will try to answer that one.
 The way we look at inflation and increased interest rates is that we split our portfolio
 into what we have already built,
 what we are in the process of building,
 and then the future pipeline.
 And if I start talking about what we have already built,
 the operating fleet.
 We are very blessed by having a large degree of our assets being inflation indexed.
 So all the UK projects are inflation indexed.
 And we think that this gives us a good protection against increasing interest rates.
 I know there's not a one-to-one relationship,
 But I think we are in a good spot.
 Then we have the projects with fixed nominal contracts,
 where we, to the extent possible,
 have secured those via the fixed nominal debt, meaning that we keep for those where we do
 that, we keep the value creation intact. Then when you look at what we have not built,
 We have not built, for example, our Polish projects, where we also have inflation adjustment.
 US projects in a way we have not built and we have a fixed contract, some of which we
 We have secured already through a fixed nominal debt.
 But there, of course, we have an exposure.
 not an exposure that makes this project not being value creating and that's why you cannot
 see any impairment losses in our annual report.
 And when you look at the projects that we have not won yet, we will not be in a different
 position than any of our competitors.
 So we believe that higher interest rates, meaning higher wax, will be built into the
 the bits, and we will, as I said, be in exactly the same position as the peers.
 And that will, if this increased interest rates in a way continue and this is the new
 normal, then you will see subsidies increasing or prices increasing as a consequence of that.
 So we feel that we are actually quite well protected.
 I know we are exposed, of course, to some extent, but compared to many of our competitors
 and in a way, compared to what I think many investors think, I think we are in a good
 place.
 Well, it's an excellent answer. Thank you very much for working us through the different pieces.
 Our next question comes from Kasper Blom with Danske Band.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks a lot. Let me start by also saying thanks for the ride, Marjane, and best of luck in the
 the future to you and to Daniel of course also.
 Then my question goes to your guidance of gross investments of the 38 to 42 billion
 in DKKs here in 2022.
 And Matt mentioned that you are seeing some cost inflation, for example, on U.S. vessels.
 say hypothetically, that you had given that same capex
 guidance a year ago, um, wanting to do the same things, uh, as you do now, what would
 been the number then. Can you give any guidance to that?
 Thank you Casper. It would have been roughly the same. I mean, this is driven by the fact
 that we are constructing very significant sized assets.
 So we are still building Horn City too.
 We're building genre.
 We took FID on our German program.
 So we are really constructing a lot of large scale assets on top of the
 of the strong onshore investment plans as well.
 So the inflation is, is nothing that significantly impacts our overall
 I think it's a short answer.
 Okay, if I just may follow up, I think, Matt, you said last year that you were not that
 worried about the rising input cost of steel plastics etc because for example on your US portfolio
 were not looking into anything being completed before 2025. I mean, we are getting closer and
 closer to that and cost us still high. And are you starting to be a little bit more worried?
 Yeah, we, yes, we are starting to be a little bit more worried.
 I will say that we are working very hard on it because like we also mentioned just briefly
 now is that we are seeing that whilst we had secured through pre buy, for example, a very
 large share of the steel we're going to use in the U.S. projects.
 There are other parts of our supply chains, such as installation vessels, where there
 There is a scarcity of the Jones Act compliant vessels.
 It means that those prices are going up.
 We have for those products that are next in line, we have locked in a very large share
 of the CAPEX, but there is still an exposure and that is what we are working on and also
 mentioning that to ensure that if this inflation continues as we near the project commencement
 and the construction phase.
 That is also why we underline the need for the green parts of the built-back better
 and the approval process is a moment to continue to be very effective and support the sustained
 build out. No matter what we remain committed to our portfolio, we want to be a driver of
 the US onshore or offshore portfolio and lead that 30 by 30 ambition, but it is something
 that is putting pressure in general on the industry.
 And we, I think, have been working with all we got through securing both commodities
 and also the other parts of our of our cat pics
 But it is impacting, and it is something that underlines the need for the support to ensure
 So we keep traction.
 Excellent. Thanks a lot, guys.
 Our next question comes from Deepa Venkateshwaran with Bernstein.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for my question.
 I also wanted to start off by thanking Mayana for her service to all of us and all the best in your next endeavor.
 So my question, and you know, this is too much or my honor, whoever wants to pick up. So we've been talking a lot about inflation of raw materials, components, supply chain, but the other massive inflation that also happened, of course, has been wholesale power prices.
 We've also seen, of course, rising commitments from corporates towards reducing emissions
 and so on.
 So in this
 I just wanted to see how your approach has shifted or not, you know, moving away from
 just auctions to actually broadening it out more and including
 corporate PPAs. And I know you were the pioneers in Germany a few years back, but at that time
 the PowerPoint environment and ESG commitments
 were completely different.
 So I want to just, you know, poke on the other, other aspect of inflation, which I think a
 a lot of investors are ignoring is, you know,
 rising merchant power prices and and increasing corporate appetite and how that changes the
 the value of your future opportunities.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, so basically, Deepa, what you are really
 asking about, in a way, has this changed our appetite for merchant projects and taking
 on board more merchant risk.
 Isn't that what you're really asking about?
 In one way, yes, but but perhaps it's also opened up another avenue of demand from corporate.
 So, not completely keeping it merchant for yourself, but another avenue of off-take.
 Yeah.
 Yes, yes to both questions. The thing is that for now, in a way, we don't have any merchant
 the exposure on any of our projects where we can go out and market the corporate PPS.
 So we don't have anything to sell, basically, for our offshore portfolio.
 For onshore, we are continuing, and yes, you are right.
 We see demand being very, very strong, stronger than ever.
 of all, in a way, driven by green requirements from the corporates. But also, I think it
 It has been a wake-up call, these energy prices, in a way, are much more volatile.
 And in this transition, we are in the middle of, in a way, you would probably see more
 volatility.
 And that also then leaves the question, do we have more appetite on merchant risk if
 we should win a merchant project. And there will be auctions in 2022 where we will have
 like, for example, in the Netherlands.
 And one thing is an eye-opener, you can say, from this energy crunch that being merchant
 probably, in a way, could also give a very significant upside,
 while the downside from being fully hedged or not being hedged in a way is not at the
 same level. So, yes, we are looking at our appetite and the way we hedge whether we should
 leave some more room for having a higher merchant exposure.
 but that's something we will be working on and and and we will come back to you
 as we progress with this work.
 And DeepAff, if I can just support or supplement my answer.
 We are starting to see that the PPA terms and prices are going slightly up for onshore
 business and that can sort of those are shorter term. So that also means that that could well
 will be a lead indicator generally for this, for the market allowing this to happen.
 So that would also mean that part of that inflation, that is a real risk as the input
 factors as we go along.
 We are relatively confident that at least part of that can settle into the power prices
 as well, at least on the PPAs.
 All right, thank you so much both.
 Our next question comes from Alberto Gandolfi with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
 afternoon and thanks for taking my question and Marianne, all the best in your future
 and David, and thank you so much for all the help of the years.
 a quick one, well not quick one at all, sorry actually, there's a question here about putting
 together what we talked about so far you know we talked about cost inflation and
 We started to talk about top-line inflation protection.
 And I really appreciate your slide 42 for sharing with us
 about two thirds of your basically top linings inflation hedge won't wear
 another over the years. So what I was trying to understand here is there's a
 lots of moving pieces, you know, still prices started to come down, freight rates probably
 have peaked, so things are beginning to look a little bit better, but as you just discussed
 your plane against the clock. So we know that you need to take FID and order
 equipment at some stage. So if you put together that's light 42 power prices inflation updates
 end the timing of when you have to take an FID, what is the actual IRR impact versus your 150-300
 basis point spread vis-a-vis what you thought about a year ago because the world really
 looks different versus the beginning of last year.
 And if you don't have, I don't know, 2550 Bips IRR,
 Can you tell us of the 35-40 billion DKK EBITDA, if still price is freight state here and inflation
 stay here, would the impact be, you know, negligible? Would the impact be quite meaningful?
 And it would be great if you could help us out.
 and just in case, as you're talking about the 2027 EBITDA,
 Am I right in thinking that you just need to win a few gigawatts this year to be 100%
 done on the operating side of the target.
 And thank you so much.
 because this is one and a half question.
 Yeah, if I, it is a quite complex question for you, Alberto.
 Thank you.
 to kick it off and counter my energy supplement. You are right that in order to in order to
 to hit, if I start backwards, in order to hit the 27 EBITDA, or guided EBITDA, it is
 relatively few things we need to win apart from what we have already secured.
 That is the nature of that business.
 So this, that we would be, we would be quite close to.
 And we cannot quantify in terms of basis points impact
 of what has what has happened since then we did this would be a
 This would be too sensitive information.
 But I can say that we are, as we mentioned,
 for the German program.
 That was one where, despite that we saw CapEx increase,
 And there we could actually get the PPAs correspondingly attractive, so the value creation from that
 was fully intact. We are not done with the work in Poland. We have not logged those
 final CFD levels. So there are still things that can be worked on as we also mentioned
 in the, in the, in the, in what we talked about in the beginning of this call, we still
 have levers to work on, to work against those inflationary elements that we are seeing.
 I actually think, as we mentioned, it is not, you're right, that steel and commodities
 are starting to come down. And we have not locked everything. So we are, we would, we
 We have, for example, for our near-term US projects, where I think the exposure we face
 This is the biggest because that's also where we are building an entirely new supply chain
 a new setup. There we still have quite a lot of levers, but it is also sorry for repeating
 that, that is also why in order to protect the sort of the strong value creation, it
 It is very important that those built-back better elements actually come through and
 and do we keep momentum from the regulators?
 So I can't exactly build that bridge.
 maybe my Anakin supplement, but we, we, it is impacting, uh, primarily in the U S we
 We are still, even with what we currently have in hand, it's still value creating projects
 We are working on our levers and it is something where with the regulatory levers and tax levers
 that could come in place that we would be in a comfortable place.
 but we are choosing here with the examples of vessels
 as being the most impactful one due to the fact that we have locked a lot already vessels
 This is an example of a cost category that has gone up significantly.
 And just a small supplement.
 We will not need to win more offshore capacity to deliver the 2027 because what we will win
 going forward will, in a way, be in operation after 2027.
 But the onshore will contribute with quite a lot of new capacity, which, in a way, is
 needed to deliver our site, ABDA, but which we all, on the other hand, are very confident
 that we will deliver.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Christian Johansen with SEB.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you. So my question is around this impact of the the energy crunch
 we're seeing in Q4, which is obviously pretty material, so I understand that this is sort
 of unprecedented territory. But can you maybe reflect on the learning
 from this and whether this will make you reconsider how to structure contracts or
 So anyway, so you would potentially avoid such a significant impact in the future.
 Yeah.
 there is two different parts of this impact of the energy crunch which I'd like to touch on.
 One of them cannot be avoided.
 That is the balancing cost part.
 And that is one hitting everybody in the industry, because with this very, very high volatility,
 we have seen, you will see more costs for balancing.
 And this relates to the whole portfolio we have,
 even if we have the CFD, the subsidies,
 we get the CFDs on the day ahead,
 And then we sell the day ahead into the market.
 And there is where we have seen this significantly increase.
 The other part where we have a lot of learning is that we also have had to buy back some
 matches due to this delay of the ramp up of Horn City too.
 And this has made us rethink the way we hedge.
 So we will, going forward, hedge a significantly lower
 share than what we do today.
 previously, and not that I'm saying we have been overheated before, but with normal power
 prices, if we were over hitched, we would just buy back the volumes at the same
 price as hedged, and then there will not be a material impact with this unprecedented
 high power prices we have seen in this energy crunch.
 It has been costly to be over-hedged, and that is what we have been hit by.
 And a big part of it is this balancing cost, which we believe will normalise as we come
 on the other side of this energy crunch.
 and maybe just briefly supplementing, Christian,
 that we are like my ancestors, we are confident it will normalize. But for our 2022 expectations,
 we have still built in a quite sizable share of that, because betting that the volatility
 is going to go away very near term, we think might be too optimistic.
 So for the comfort of also you knowing that that that we have been we have been probably
 relatively conservative in assuming a reasonably high volatility this year as well to cover
 those balancing and intermittency costs.
 You probably need to be on the other side of this geopolitical uncertainty around Ukraine
 before you see things normalizing and who knows when that will happen.
 So volatility will probably continue for a while.
 I understood.
 Understood. Thank you so much for your answers.
 Our next question comes from Jenny Ping with Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thanks very much.
 Just a follow-up around the capex.
 I guess given we don't really have a lot of transparency
 around the phasing of the CAPEX program.
 and I think one of the debates in the market today is the higher capex guidance whether
 that's inflationary or phasing.
 Are you able to give us some feel of where you're going to be broadly sitting in terms
 of 23 and 24 CAPEX. Just to give us a sense of holistically for the projects that you're
 building, are we seeing the phasing issue coming through or is it more inflationary?
 And it linked to that.
 And I guess, Maddie, you talked about the IRR being
 impacted in the U.S. Are you able to quantify that a bit more?
 I can start backwards and then leave the first question to me.
 No, no, we can't quantify that, Jenny.
 It is, it is something that is that is impacting, but it is not something that mean we don't
 to have value-creating projects.
 That is as close as we can get it.
 And on the CAPEX, the CAPEX is exactly as expected when we made our plan, we presented
 at the CMD. We already then said that there will be a big deviation between CAPEX from
 year to year. This year is a heavy year because we have both Hornsie too, we have Shanghua
 and we are starting to, and Germany, and we are starting to spend significant
 and CAPEX also in the US.
 But also, if you look at the average of these 350 billion
 that we guided at the CMD.
 That corresponds to a 45-ish,
 44, 45-ish average per year.
 So there's nothing in a way unexpected.
 And this number is not impacted by cost inflation.
 So I would really emphasize that that's not what you're seeing.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Peter Bischteger with Bank of America Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thanks for taking my question.
 And my one is on development costs, please.
 So you're guiding to around an 800 million
 crooner increase in development costs across offshore and onshore in 2022, it seems.
 Is that a new normal that we can expect going forwards or could we expect development costs to
 to continue to rise as you continue to ramp up your ambitions and link to that do we need
 to start worrying about wage inflation based in your development theme and across your whole
 business I again also thanks thanks a lot Peter I can kick it off there's no
 No doubt that I mean the continued geographic expansion building our pipeline new markets
 But also, don't forget that we are now starting to also spend real money on hygiene, my maturing
 are hydrogen products and green fuels products. This also adds to this. So, I mean, I don't
 I think we will see increases like this every year, but onshore, it was a very small team
 with sort of what we had where we were really working on on low bodies.
 We are hearing that for the very substantial growth we announced at the capital market
 stay.
 that is something where we are still ramping up
 And with the new markets and how did in ramping up?
 I think the 500 million is something that we are that again,
 not every year, but certainly it is something that we are continuing to see increases in
 And to the last part of the question on the salary wage inflation, it's not something
 we are really seeing yet, but of course there is a pressure out there, but it's not something
 that is significant.
 And just these 800 million that we show, it is four things.
 It's hydrogen cost.
 it's onshore, and it's more offshore,
 And it's also, at general cost, increased due to the increasing size of the business.
 Got it. Okay, thanks very much.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Rob Pullin with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I hate to stay on the same theme, but may
 May I ask on inflation again, and could you give an approximate idea of where leading
 Edge inflation is on your CAPEX projects, say, versus a year ago, and there's a second part
 to that. I'd be very interested, given the answer to the first part, is what cost base
 Are you bidding at the moment or bid in the second half of last year?
 Was it the leading edge that you saw at the time?
 Was it assuming some normalization?
 inflation, was it assuming continued inflation in your input costs, as we try and think about
 about where the risks or potential opportunities are on the IRR site as the auction calendar
 in 2022 rolls through. Thank you.
 Yeah, I will start with your last question because I cannot really answer the first one
 And we are not able to give a percentage range for the inflation, because we are in a way
 We're constantly working on maturing our projects and it will be a different number from project
 project and I cannot really give you that detail.
 But it's a very good question.
 And the last one, in a way, what are we assuming when we are bidding in to the auctions?
 And now we have some very big upcoming auctions in front of us, for example, the U.K. auction.
 And what we are doing is, of course, we have people who follow each part of the supply
 chain, follow the installation vessels, the turbines, the cables, the foundations, and
 make their best estimates based on all the knowledge that we have on where pricing will
 be when we need to commit.
 So there's no other thing I can say than that, but I think with the huge experience we have,
 I think we are, and the close relationship we have with the suppliers, I think we, in
 Anyway, at least have a good chance of taking into account all the knowledge out there and
 doing is as best as is possible to do.
 Fair enough, ma'am.
 It's worth a try. I'll turn it over.
 Ha ha.
 Our next question comes from Mark Fresny with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
 Hello, thank you for taking my question. If I could ask on the US onshore business
 and you've got the bridge, bridge of projects there.
 but just beyond that bridge my understanding is that returns are actually quite good as they are
 U.S. onshore, even with 20% higher turbine prices, at least, because the PPAs have gone
 up by more, but as I understand it, the entire industry is laying off FID because they're
 waiting for even better returns and build back better. So my question is, is that something
 that you have, have you got a lot of very advanced projects ready to go that are just
 waiting for build back better.
 And given I was some way down the queue,
 I have a question on costs, with the several parts of costs, right?
 People are very focused on near-term cost inflation,
 is twice inflation for existing equipment.
 but there is also the underlying efficiency
 as you modelize, industrialize, and you continually take cost out of projects, right?
 And that, my understanding, hasn't gone away.
 still there so can you can you also confirm confirm that thank you yeah I
 I think if we start with the letter, if I understand your question correctly Mark, then
 Yes, we are continuously working on all those levers and many of them we've already materialized
 in our practice, in our offshore practice.
 But we are still, we still have lots of things that we can actually continue to do apart
 from locking in and working with our suppliers like my hand had talked about, but we are
 leveraging. We are looking every time at what is it that we can do to take out additional
 cost to use our scale to use our experience and and for every single
 project we have, even the near term and the longer term, once we have a list of continued
 to upside levers that we continue to work on.
 I hope I'm answering your question on that.
 And for, for unsure to my, to my best knowledge, we don't have a parking lot of things that
 we are working on right now that we are holding back on,
 I think that, honestly, I think that the only place where we could say we are holding back
 is and is is is not something we want to do that's on the solar projects where
 We are still waiting to get those panels ready.
 but but we are not we are not sort of having something which is which is just
 waiting for better terms.
 But on the other hand, our pipeline will increase in value with these components of built-back
 better on the renewable side. If those go through, we don't believe necessarily that
 to build back better goes through,
 But we believe, or hope, that parts of the part related
 to renewables could go through.
 And that will significantly increase both the offshore
 and your offshore portfolio.
 And the reason why, if they go through, we are well positioned because we are living
 up to most of the proposed criteria for when to be eligible for those tax benefits.
 benefits.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Vincent Aero with JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you for taking the question.
 I'd like to, we talked about the large inflation, so I'd like to come back on the commodity
 spike, the balancing, the HPE back, and the offset you've seen there, CHP and gas
 So, could you get a bit more color, basically, on the head-spy back, the level of hedging
 you had on the series like the other hedge. What were the two hedges going forward for
 22. Is it that you can get some of that time there? Could you explain us a bit about the
 being a working there.
 And structurally, CHP and the gas before maybe was not
 seem really poor, maybe.
 Maybe it is a slightly different view today
 when we see the spike and actually after the sort of the physical head
 activity, could you comment on that? Give us a bit of an idea of who you are looking at.
 And that would be my, if I had only one, that would be Russia's question.
 Otherwise, it's probably going to turn into a strategy.
 My, my, Anna can, thanks, Vincent.
 My annual work can speak to the first part, but I can say there's nothing in what has
 happened this past that the changes are over the direction of travel I mean our
 investments the core of our strategy is an offshore wind, onshore renewables and
 and hydrogen and green fuels.
 so so there is nothing
 And we are thankful that, especially our CHP, but also that the gas market has helped
 us in a year that, primarily due to wind, was challenging, but our strategic journey
 remains intact and absolutely no rebalancing of that.
 But and and just to add to the to the last question before I answer number one
 This year has really proven the value of the CHPs, because what we have benefitted from
 is that the increasing gas prices but also coal prices has not been repeated when it
 comes to biomass, so we have been buying quite cheap biomass, and therefore in a way had
 a very, very, very good margin on our CHPs, which, of course, has been an offset to the
 low wind and the low wind of course again gives higher power prices so this diversification
 effects has proven to be extremely useful.
 Can you then talk about the hitching?
 Yes, beware when we went into the air.
 approximately 90 percent hatched, and that has proven to be too high, and especially
 now because of the delayed ramp-up on Horn C2.
 And therefore, we have had to buy back some hedges, not to have that risk.
 We will, as I said, go going forward, re-evaluate the way we do this.
 one thing is for certain that this volatility that we have seen here and these extremely
 high prices will mean that we will lower the hedging level and not to sit on that volume
 risk, but we will come back, as I said, with something new when that becomes implemented.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question is from Ahmed Fatman, which freeze please go ahead
 Yes, hi, thank you for taking my question and sorry to go back to the topic of the US
 the pipeline and potential inflation there.
 I think that in your comments you mentioned that there are still levers that you have
 on the table that you can pull to mitigate some of the effects.
 Could you elaborate on that,
 just would like to get a bit more context.
 And then sort of related to that,
 Are you able to give us any sense of how much
 off the capex for your mature US pipeline still needs to be contracted.
 It sounds like, you know, like just sticks are still,
 but there's an element of logistics
 that still needs to be contracted,
 and some more context that would be very helpful.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, I can put a little bit more color to that.
 I think, I mean, it's impossible to give an answer to what share of the capex still needs
 to be contrary, because it's very different on how mature the projects are.
 I mean, for example, our Southwark is quite close to FID,
 So that obviously is very, that is very highly contracted.
 whereas some of the next in line projects are also,
 But we are looking at sort of a,
 We are looking at a relatively small share of the most mature project that still needs
 to be.
 But obviously the the ones that come a little bit further out still have a still have a bigger share
 But I think the still a bigger share to be contracted and I think we I mean there are technical levers
 Obviously, the biggest lever is regulatory, that is, the tax elements, but also on the
 technical levers, there is still a range available for these, such as optimizing the HVDC and
 still some contracting to be done. But we are very far, for example, with the vessels.
 so on the most mature project.
 So we are locking in as we speak, but it's impossible to give you a full range of the
 potential upsides, because some of them are material, some of them are less hard to do,
 but also with a smaller offset.
 But we are still working on it.
 the team is, even for some of the more mature projects, still plowing ahead to material
 those on the technical side.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from John Musk with RBC. Please go ahead.
 Yes, afternoon everyone. Maybe just returning to a question that was asked briefly earlier
 around wage inflation.
 And we have seen a few departures announced in the team, I guess, below Marianna and yourself, Mads.
 Have you done any sort of exercise on peer-group comparisons
 to understand how you rank versus peers
 in terms of competitiveness, salaries, et cetera.
 and is there a risk of more people leaving if others are trying to ramp up their teams?
 Thanks, John. I mean, the risk is always there. But I think even though we've had quite a
 a few quite visible departures from the company. I would say that that very few of those and
 And this is a genuine and honest answer.
 I think very few of those are due to the fact that somebody is paying significantly higher.
 And if you look at the voluntary sort of turn rate of our employees, it is still sort of
 well below 10%, seven-ish percent.
 and that means that we are actually at this is a this is at all level even a
 director plus level
 So we are not seeing an unusually high turn, even though obviously the capabilities we
 we're building a high in demand.
 Surely there are people that pay higher, and surely it's become visible with sort of a
 a handful of quite visible departures over the last year or so, but it is not something
 that we are that we are gravely concerned about John also because we can see that that
 Not only is it great to see our ability to recruit internally,
 And I don't only it's not only Daniel who we have who we appointed today to be my any successor
 But also just with the fact that that Nilo Donovan could very successfully step up into the shoes of Declan
 heading up our our onshore business so and we can still attract very strong
 people in people including people from competitors where Troy RCO and our
 North American business came from a diary
 competitors. So yes, there will be people leaving us. Yes, for some, there will be a
 pay element, but we don't think that is at a root cause and that we are at a competitive
 disadvantages that will mean that we have a significantly higher flight risk.
 Okay, thank you
 Our next question comes from Dominic Nash with Barclays. Please go ahead
 Good afternoon, and thank you for the question and if you'd be pleased to know I'm not going to ask about
 about revenue or cost inflation.
 and then I'll start something completely different.
 which is the upcoming offshore seabed competitions.
 Please.
 So, look, I mean, you were first movers into this industry,
 had big market shares and seed bed leases to start off with but if we look at the UK seed
 You've only made leases over the last 12 months and I think it's what, 33 gigawatts or so
 out there.
 I think you won a share of one gigawatt of that.
 and I think it's 30% if you can clarify that one.
 And then we'll now go to your slide sort of 23
 and look at the upcoming sea bed leases out there.
 And there were some pretty punchy numbers
 and the U.S.
 Is it possible to just give us some sort of scale of what you think your opportunities
 are for the total market and your eligibility and ambitions but also is there a risk that
 something similar will happen in the US and in Poland and Norway and wherever
 But that happened in the UK, essentially you're being crowded out by other offshore wind farm
 developers and what can you do to defend your sort of market share in offshore seabed leases
 please.
 I think I'll start.
 Thanks a lot, Dominic.
 I'll start by saying that our inventory of seabed is still strong.
 I mean, we're just under five gigawatts in the UK and we're still with options around
 the Isle of Man and the one additional gigawatt in floating in Scotland, so that's still
 very healthy. We still have three gigawatts in North America secured. And then in some
 of the markets where it's not auctioned away, we have some very attractive opportunities
 They are like, for example, the 1.6 gigawatts of engine, which is not proprietary, but in
 career, but something we are quite confident can materialize.
 uh... i think
 I think that if we need to split the UK example into two, because least round four, we had
 absolutely
 no regrets that we didn't that we didn't win there because we simply don't think that
 those prices are sustainable. And as a matter of fact, the fact that Scott wind
 chose to allocate 25 gigawatts, we think it's actually a really good thing because that
 will mean that other people are also filling up their inventories. Obviously for the very
 very long term this is very important and for Scott when most of this would also be
 post 2030, but with our current, with our current
 inventory combined with where we plan to bid in. I mean, we are working with a new partner
 Poland for the Polish auction. We have qualified to participate in New York Byte. We have partners
 in the Norwegian. So I definitely think that our ticket to play and don't forget that we will
 will probably still be the one both on CFD auctions but also on a seabed that
 we would be one of those sort of leaning into most of these auctions and that will also
 mean that in totality we are not concerned that this is something that will fundamentally
 threaten our long-term offshore leadership. But we are not going to, especially when there
 No ceiling.
 bids, we are not going to get so carried away that we are going to pay amounts of money
 that will not allow us to do investable or meaningful value creating projects.
 That's not a route we're gonna go down.
 Thank you
 Our next question comes from Dan Tolgo with Carnegie. Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you. Not so many questions left here, but I'm still trying to get my head
 around the thumb-downs. You have flex, all the very significant thumb-downs here for 22.
 but I'm trying to get my head around 23, what we should think there. You still have some
 projects where you own a hundred percent, but they're still not, you know, facing commission
 any time soon here, should be weight of the timing of these remaining projects like Goedevind,
 et cetera, on C3.
 Great-Changhua, the last two licenses there, or projects there, is it when they are commissioned
 we should think that they will be farmed down or could they potentially come earlier impacting
 23.
 It's not something we have decided yet.
 actually would like to keep the flexibility on the timing and I cannot rule out that it
 It will be a farm down during construction.
 So we will give news as soon as we have it.
 But for now, we haven't decided yet, so therefore I can't share it.
 Okay, kind of.
 Our next question comes from Luis Guillaume with Odoi.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, hi. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for taking my question.
 It's maybe time to go into some details now.
 Since that's the question I've been asking, the inflation of the topics and the poor market
 prices.
 Maybe come back to the air cable issue
 to provide it a bit more light on it during your presentation.
 In particular, you mentioned that the EBITDA impact was
 confirmed but that there is still some investigation on it and that it could be a bit more back
 and loading than previously expected.
 Could you please let us know when an investigation
 are going to be finished and what could be the maximum value
 but with according to you, after this investigation,
 could be the magnitude of the potential revision if it had to happen.
 And thank you very much.
 Yes, I can comment on that, Louis.
 The, I mean, it is your right.
 It is more back and loaded.
 we are, we are, we have, we are relatively far, but we cannot say exactly when those
 technical investments will be concluded and therefore that we will have a final number.
 But I would say that all the work that has happened so far has gone exactly as planned
 and hope that that means that any further exposure to the total of three billion impact
 than the 800 million provision we already made,
 we see as highly unlikely.
 So things are going to plan, but not with a possibility to say exactly when we will have
 concluded and therefore be able to sort of finally finally confirm exactly but
 But unlikely that it will be worse.
 And just one addition, we have very limited cost in the 2022 guidance for this, because
 Because as we said, it is back and loaded, so we will more do investigation work into
 2022 and not something that will impact the P and L to a significant extent only investigation and rock dumping. Yeah
 Okay, thank you very much
 Our next question comes from Klaus Kell with new credits.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah.
 Yes, hello. A question related to your CAPEX plan.
 So, my energy was definitely
 .
 of times that you are on track to reach this target of 35 to 40 billion in 27 and you have
 also stated that you stick to this rush investment target of 350 towards 27.
 But these 35 to 40 billion in EVDA in 27, they assume 50 percent divestments of the
 upcoming...
 your plans. So in order to get the numbers right, could you remind me what you have said about your net
 investments towards 27?
 It's the $200 million.
 So that's unchanged.
 So 350 is the gross and 200 is the net.
 So 2-1, listen it.
 OK.
 Excellent.
 And have you stated anything about what kind of, what the cash flow from operations, what
 They couldn't finance 2,277?
 No, that's not part of our guidance.
 That's what we're going to do.
 Excellent.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Tan Kredefulup with Morningstar.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question.
 I have a couple of questions regarding the slide 34.
 I don't think you showed this slide before on hedging.
 And so for offshore, if you could confirm
 that this is the hedging level
 for the merchant side of your production and also give us maybe a terawatt hour exposure
 for instance 100% in year one, which is your monthly in an inter-hour tower. Also maybe the
 Joe, Joe, go ahead.
 the breakdown of your offshore wind farms and maybe the average achieved head price for year one.
 And second question, still on this slide for bioenergy, I see that for year one, which
 I assume it's 222.
 I'll be done in a minute.
 31% health. So given the current level of market power prices, that gives a very useful
 That means that you should benefit from very high power prices, but in your guidance you
 to assume a significant decrease in the profitability
 J.B.J. of the bioenergy.
 So, does this guidance assume it's based on current follow-up prices?
 These are my two questions.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Yes, the first question. Yes, you are right. It is the merchant part that is we are indicating
 here, so we are 100 percent hedged in year one, and that is too much compared to where
 would like to be, so we will work on that, on bioenergy.
 uh... i don't have the volumes sorry on the top of my head so so that's uh...
 I'm sorry for that.
 And I don't even think we would like to give that level of transparency, so sorry for that.
 And then on bioenergy, yes, you are right.
 The policy we have on bioenergy hedging is that we only hedge the part that is the heat
 bound part of the production. And that's also why we're in very strong years with
 high power prices, and then that follows with high production, which typically we'll see
 a very high upside. And that's also what these numbers reflect.
 It was a very extraordinary year last year, both in terms of the heat production, in terms
 of the power production because we had very high prices and very, very good earnings from
 that, and then also it was an extraordinary, attractive year from ancillary services.
 We still expect a strong year from bioenergy this year, but compared to last year, it will
 it will expect to be significantly lower.
 Okay, thank you.
 Our next question is a follow-up question from Sam Arr with UBS. Please go ahead.
 Hi, yeah, thanks for coming back to me and I apologize because I know it's a long session already
 But a couple of things, first just a quick one, Mary, and I realized in your excellent
 answer to my first question. I don't think you'd actually commented on whether you think
 group cost of capital has moved since a year ago
 in a material way, and I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I think if it was
 your view, for example, that your group cost of capital hasn't really changed in the last
 year that would be an interesting thing for us to know and then if I may and if you can
 This is probably a question for Mads, but I mean, lots of people touching here in the
 of discussion on the current situation in energy markets.
 the high prices, the gas shortages, you know, the obvious impact for bills and the politicisation
 of all that. I think it would be really interesting if you can just share a few thoughts, Mads,
 on what you think is the answer in the long term to these problems, like what are the
 implications for long-term energy market policy and how is the world going to change to prevent
 getting into this kind of situation again or for the long term. So thank you, that's
 it from me.
 Yeah, I'll answer the first one on the cost of capital.
 Yes, you are right.
 Of course, with increasing interest rates, we will see the WAC increasing, and that's
 in our methodology where we use the forward curve
 the market-based interest rates, that is a consequence.
 But as you can see from our annual report,
 this is not anything that is so significant.
 that it has an impact on, for example, impairments.
 And neither does it have any impact on their guidance
 of value equation.
 Yeah, and if I'm to comment, it's obviously a very big question, Sam, on what do we do
 to avoid a situation like this.
 I think, even though, as Marianne said, there's no doubt that lower winds, for example, they
 do impact the power prices. But we are convinced that the root cause of what has happened is
 It's a combination of so many things that, especially driven by gas prices, that really
 is that the shortage, the cold winter, the shortage of gas supplies from east to Europe,
 low winds, the low production, the maintenance of the nuclear power plants in France, the
 burned interconnect in between France and U.K., so so many factors happening at the
 same time. We fundamentally don't think that a change to the energy market dynamics in
 Europe is something that would be good, nor avoid this.
 And we don't think the solution is to keep a much higher share of nuclear or fossil
 fuel in the energy mix.
 So essentially, we think the headline
 is to accelerate the build-out of renewable energy.
 therefore also reducing the dependency on energy imports.
 And then, obviously, to retain the baseload sort of sources
 like biomass-fired power plants like our own,
 like existing nuclear capacity and so on.
 We think that is the best way.
 And then we will hopefully also not see a complete spike
 in global demand leading to an excessive demand,
 like the post-COVID sort of stimulus packages
 has meant that gas and energy in general has been an extreme demand at the same time as
 supplies have actually gone down so we don't think there's a silver bullet but
 But, but, but, and that's what we also hear when we interact with regulators, both in
 in the EU and the US, there is a strong recognition that
 accelerate a buildout of renewable energy is actually at the center of what we need to
 do to avoid a similar situation.
 Fascinating. I'm glad we squeezed that question in. Thank you very much for coming back to me.
 Next up, we have a follow-up question from Jenny Ping with City.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks.
 A quick one.
 quick one, just on page 24 of the appendix where you have the three plus gigawatts of
 hydrogen and green fuel project pipeline. Can you just tell us at what stage of development
 Are you going to give us a bit more around these projects in terms of economics, remunerations,
 returns?
 Because I think that's one area where I'm very keen to get my head around.
 And then just also follow up around the numbers.
 Can we look at the 2022 EBITDA guidance range?
 Can I just ask a straight question in terms of the offshore wind business, your consensus
 around 16 billion are you comfortable with that as it stands thanks yeah I I can
 comment on the hydrogen pipeline, Jeannie. It is still too early to give specific financial
 guidance, but I can say that we are actually very keen on moving along with this with this
 project pipeline. And I can say that 2022 is clearly a year where we do expect to take
 more tangible also investment decisions on our portfolio and I'll just mention an example
 of the of the the recently acquired share in the flagship one e-methanol product.
 So this 50,000 tons, annual tons of e-methanol,
 We are expecting to take an FID this year.
 And likewise for the first phase of the German Westküste 100, we are also expecting at the
 back end of this year's to take FID. And then on a couple of other projects, it is like
 that we would that we could take pre FID depending on where we end these
 the international product of common European interest.
 those are those are some of the dependencies we're looking at. I won't
 I promise you will share a lot of details around that because that would be competitively
 sensitive. But I can promise you that you will hear more sort of tangible news about
 this portfolio during this year.
 Yes, and then a new question on offshore guidance.
 I will not answer that, Jenny, because if we had wanted to give you that guidance, we
 We would have put it into the report, and we have not.
 But we believe you have everything you need to make the calculations.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 And for our final question, we have a follow-up from Alberto Gandolfi with Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for taking the follow-up.
 I'll be quite brief.
 Just because there's a little bit of a debate going on as we speak, would you mind clarifying
 and what you meant about measures to support IRRs.
 I think that some people that have interpreted that you are saying there's no returns
 uh...
 overwork in the U.S. offshore investments as things stand.
 So perhaps, we can broaden the question a bit and say,
 In previous calls, you talked about procuring, securing,
 steel for the US class.
 Can you maybe remind us what was a perhaps percentage of that capex on the projects that
 are yet to be developed. What percentage of that capex is still to be locked in? Essentially,
 I'm talking about the slide seven.
 So, you know, on the right-hand side, what percentage of debt CapEx has not been priced
 and perhaps on the left hand side what could be you know the risks here because
 you're still reiterating broadly the same complex for 2022 as you 40 years ago, you're
 reiterating the 200 billion broadly so I was wondering is just because you're
 waiting to see where really raw materials settle at or is there any incremental visibility
 and maybe some tangible granular data points you can give us to convince us that actually
 x percent of what you have to spend is somehow in the bag. Thank you.
 There is not one simple answer to it, Alberto, on saying this is exactly what it is, because
 these projects are at very different maturity level.
 But I can see that some of the more advanced projects,
 We have locked in just, I'll just give you rough numbers,
 around 80% of the CapEx, which of course gives us a high degree of certainty for those that
 are coming up that are coming up next and please don't interpret that when we say that
 that this is something where we're still working
 and leave us, that that means that there's no spread.
 That is, that is an overinterpretation.
 So what we are saying is that compared to where we
 to compare to where we came from,
 given this inflation, there has common addition pressure, which means that the tax incentives
 and the permitting processes are even more important because this is not again not just
 for
 but for the entire industry, in order to keep high pace, which we will, we will take our FIDs
 clearly expected to do to that we will then this is something where where where
 that these projects would significantly benefit from that, which is also why we have signed
 I pledge that these green elements will build back better and need to come back, but the
 The fact that we continue to work on the levers is not an expression that we that there is
 no value creation over WAC at all. But for the projects, it is not a secret that some
 some of the more advanced projects, we are getting visibility that the IRRs are coming
 on the pressure compared to where we came from due to, and sorry to mention that example
 Again, due to the fact that vessel costs have gone up since then, but on raw materials on
 steel, which is the biggest cost component. As we talked about, we had pre-bought a large
 share of that and that still remains to be the fact so our exposure compared to
 those buildings, something where nothing was locked in is smaller. That I guess is as
 as close as we can get it.
 This is super helpful, so if you allow me, I mean, if 20% of advanced, I guess, is the
 next two, three years.
 So if 20% of CapEx is not locked in, and we probably saw
 All in probably with less than 20% increase.
 I know some of the freight rates have gone up like up to 10 times but you
 to pre-etch some of the feelings in some cases.
 So are we safe in assuming that all in
 on the advanced projects, worst case scenario,
 we're going to see 20% increase on 20% unhedged,
 call it a 4% increase in carpegs and we call it quits.
 I mean, probably that's a little bit oversimplification,
 but would that be reasonable?
 I think it is an over simplification, Alberto, and I think it's all, I mean, we would actually
 We rather not say, yes, you can definitely do that also.
 No, absolutely not because this would give to this might we might not have that full
 certainty, but clearly with a relatively high shear log in the most mature projects, then
 And obviously the exposure is, we believe it's manageable, but it's not something that
 That takes away the fact that our sustainement ratio to ensure that we get these policies
 us in place is important for us as and for the industry.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions.
 I will now hand over to CEO Matt Sniper for a final remark.
 Yes, and thank you very much for very good and challenging questions.
 and thanks for your time.
 we really look forward to hosting you again in a month's time where we'll actually have our very
 first annual ESG investor call and we will provide you with more details but let me just
 Once again, thank Mayane for all her contributions to us.
 And as I'm, I'm sure you can tell that her, her role in our journey has been
 Fantastic. And next time we look forward to work.