 Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. As you've now heard, Air Group posted a $270
 a third quarter adjusted profit, a $6 million increase over last year's adjusted Q3 result.
 This equates to a pre-tax profit of $446 million and a trailing 12 pre-tax margin of 20%.
 On a combined comparative basis, that is with Virgin America's third quarter of 2016 in
 base, our result was $68 million or 13% lower than last year.
 Andrew covered revenues, so I'll cover costs.
 fuel costs were up substantially, or $70 million, which equates to 23 percent, and non-fuel
 cost rose by $97 million.
 cost ex-fuel were up 1% on 7% ASM growth.
 disruptions resulted in about $6 million of incremental cost during the quarter with
 airports and call centers most heavily impacted. Our call center team has worked extremely
 hard over the last few months and our employees there deserve a huge shout out.
 Not only did they handle the added volume from the disruptions, more guests are calling
 about integration related changes to our network and loyalty programs.
 the Q3 impact of those costs was partially offset by a shift
 and timing of some of the maintenance now planned for Q4.
 As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect unit cost to be up about 1.5% on the 11% increase
 in capacity.
 Well, that certainly doesn't make for a very impressive headline.
 There are some...
 several drivers.
 first.
 Well please
 to announce that we've finally signed a new engine services deal with GE that covers all
 130 of our 737-800 engines.
 We're very pleased with the economics of this deal.
 The power-by-the-hour structure will help take the lumpiness out of the engine overhaul
 expense over the next nine years compared to a time and materials approach, but it does
 results in near-term chasm impact, which begins in Q4 and will impact 2018.
 As I mentioned, we do have some maintenance activities planned in Q4 that were deferred
 from Q3, and we're also planning more advertising and promotional activity in the fourth quarter
 in support of our transition to one single Alaska brand.
 And finally, the close in capacity reductions
 on the regional side will also impact unit costs
 because the fixed cost gets spread over fewer ASMs.
 In fact, our full year 2017 capacity will now be up 7.2% down from the 7.5% we guided
 to as recently as mid-September and way down from the guidance as high as 8.5% at one point
 in the year. We are deep into the budget process now and expect to provide 2018 cost guidance
 in January.
 A financial planning team and divisional leaders are digging into their businesses and together
 will be setting aggressive budgets. Although the budget is still in process, I thought
 that I might call out a few significant items.
 first.
 The result is
 of our mainline pilot arbitration.
 As we reported previously, the annual impact
 as the company proposal is $140 million,
 which we believe puts our pilots total compensation
 in a very competitive position
 versus others in the industry, especially considering our
 relative size and our growth-oriented business.
 At the $140 million level, it would result in a nearly three-point increase in Casamex
 and will reduce pre-tax margins by more than one-and-a-half points.
 We expect the arbitrator award soon, and for the decision to impact Q4, which is not included
 than the Q4 cost guide.
 the new engine services deal.
 This will add about $30 million of incremental expense
 over what might have been expected to incur.
 Excuse me, what we might have been expected to incur
 on a time in M-
 But again, this is about timing.
 Yes, economics over the nine years are significantly better.
 Third, the growing mix of regional flying, which will be up nearly 25% next year, given
 the E175 as. This will pressure chasm, but also help rasm. And finally, continue what
 I call integration friction.
 In other words, costs that don't get captured
 and the merger-related cost line on our external P&L,
 but are real.
 This friction starts to decline right after we get through the PSS transition.
 Our job as leaders will be to ensure that we eliminate these costs as quickly as possible
 And we don't let things like consultant and contractor
 costs get buried into the baseline or change our way of thinking and how we get things
 is done around here.
 Our costs will rise in 2018, but we understand the importance of low cost to the business
 model and to the success of the company.
 We have a long track record of solid cost control.
 and I'm confident we can continue to maintain
 cost structure that gives us significant competitive advantage over the legacy carriers.
 Our cash flow continues to be strong.
 We ended the quarter with 1.7 billion of cash on hand
 And we've now generated $1.4 billion of operating cash flow, excluding merger-related expenses
 since it started here.
 TAPX for the first nine months of the year stands at just under $850 million, resulting
 and more than $600 million of free cash flow, again, ex-merger-related expenses.
 Now it's back full year 2017.
 CapEx to be $1.1 billion and 2018 CapEx to be $1.4 billion.
 Horizons deferral of 5E175.
 from late 2017 and early 2018 to the back half of 2018
 explains the timing shift.
 total 2017 and 2018 CAPEX is basically unchanged.
 The fleet continues to get younger as we've now retired nearly all of the 737-400s through
 September 30th, we've taken delivery of 10 737-900 ERs, two A321 NEOs, and 10 E175s.
 Meanwhile, our portfolio of unencumbered aircraft continues to grow and is now at 63 aircraft
 or more than 20% of the fleet.
 We're also making steady progress.
 re-deliveraging our balance sheet.
 Our debt to CAF fell by another two points this quarter to 53%.
 and we expect to end the year at about the same level.
 Less than a year since we completed the acquisition of Virgin America, we've lowered our debt
 cap by six points and are well on our way of achieving our longer-term target in the
 low to mid-40s range.
 and de-leveraging remain our primary capital allocation goals.
 balance remains important. In that vein, we repurchased an additional 350,000 shares
 of stock last quarter, we've now completed our plan to repurchase $50 million worth
 of our shares in 2017.
 We've also paid $111 million in dividends so far this year.
 and stop.
 This is a very solid quarter for us during what is and what will continue to be a transitional
 period.
 There's a lot of work ahead to get through the significant integration milestones so
 that we can begin to truly be one airline and fully realize the synergies we expect
 to achieve, which are, by the way, on target.
 Andrew described a somewhat challenging, fair, but not demand environment that is pressuring
 revenues and I covered some near-term cost pressures that we'll be dealing with.
 However, we remain very optimistic that what we're about,
 what we're building and the opportunity ahead.
 And with that, let's go to your question.
 At this time, I wouldn't like to invite analysts who would like to ask a question to.
 Yeah, as I said, as I mentioned, we're still in the budget process, so it's too early
 to stay for sure.
 What I would say is that I gave you a bunch of the pieces.
 The pilots are going to be probably three points of chasm.
 We do have other cost pressures that are just these,
 So the reality of the business are like the maintenance deal, really good economics where
 that is different than what I'd call the cash impact, and then there's the mixed issue.
 We do have this friction that I've been talking about
 and that's real.
 That will be in the first half of the year.
 As I said, it'll start to come out in the second half of the year.
 So, it's probably a fair assessment to this ish, but again, in terms of a specific
 quantification really hard to do because I don't know the size of the pilot arbitration
 decision and I don't know when it starts, so it's hard to give you a percentage
 over your change.
 Again, demand is solid, but we're seeing some close-in pricing that is puzzling to us.
 Mike, good morning, it's Brandon.
 Well, you know, I hadn't really focused on the fact that we had a free cash just off the top of my head.
 play a pullback in the ATL just as we get through the summer of flying.
 it's probably the timing of the pre-delivery payments
 the deliveries, and that's probably if there was nothing significant that jumped out during
 the quarter that would result in a free cash deficit other than, like you say, just the
 normal seasonality combined just with the timing of capital.
 So the Euro-free cash flow will be very solid though, just to point out.
 I can assure you that we are more frustrated than you about this whole thing and there's
 There's a lot of anxiety around here.
 There's been a lot of tough conversations
 in the last few weeks about this.
 I've already started talking about this notion
 of a glide slope to get from the place we are now
 we want to be.
 Good morning, John.
 It's not a matter of renegotiation at all.
 We're actually satisfied with our contract with B of A right now.
 It's a long-term deal, so we have no plans to go out right now
 negotiate that deal, although I will say B of A has been very helpful, and we expect
 them to continue to be helpful, providing incentives for us to attract members to the
 your last year on this credit card.
 We do have a process going right now to get people from the Virgin America card over to
 the Alaska card, but it's more than just conversion.
 it is growing that credit card presence in California.
 We gave you some information.
 It's best today.
 that even with small penetration,
 the economics are going to be powerful.
 I'm not gonna give you any quote earnings
 or EPS number in terms of what that means.
 But what we will say is that the credit card, as you well know, is a strong driver of cash
 and an economic engine in this company and we would continue to see that as being an
 opportunity as we grow the base.