 Thank you, David. And you'll find the sales details starting on slide number 10.
 We deliver a strong solid quarter with sales increasing 2% year-over-year.
 Prolia are more recently launched brands, including Repath and Kipos, continue to deliver
 strong volume growth. We are focused on their near-term growth and realizing their long-term
 and potential as the product portfolio continues to transition.
 For the quarter, sales in the U.S. increased 2 percent year-over-year, while sales outside
 that the U.S. increased 8% during the impact of foreign exchange
 three percent including internationally we had double-digit volume growth led by
 by our European business.
 Let me begin first with Prolia.
 Prolier cells increase 13% when making the same volume growth year-over-year.
 in both the U.S. and our international markets.
 markets.
 Claudia continues to offer a unique opportunity to both post-menopausal Austrian porousas
 patients as well as Amgen. They're currently about three and a half million patients on
 Amgen on prolet globally, relatively equally distributed across the regions, about a million
 in the U.S. about 1.6 million in Europe and the rest of the world about a million.
 elderly patients who suffer bone fractures often become bedridden and face potential
 a lot of the independence. This plays as an enormous economic burden on society, and less
 and half of diagnosed patients are treated,
 raising the need for improved education and treatment guidelines.
 This is what we as a company are focusing on next.
 Prolio's average share of treated patients is around 20%,
 both in the U.S. and globally.
 However, there are some countries such as Australia,
 Switzerland and Ireland, with better diagnosis and treatment rate for osteoporosis have led
 to pro-lea having 50% share or better.
 And these are countries that truly understand the societal cost of non-intervention.
 Rolier has a strong clinical profile with a proven ability to reduce risk of fractures,
 combined with solid long-term safety data spanning over 10 years and a convenient twice-per-year
 administration schedule.
 prolly will remain an important growth driver and will continue to target our commercial
 efforts on improving diagnosis, treatment rates and duration in order to drive access
 to a greater number of these patients.
 Kypro has grew 23% year over year, led by our successful launch efforts across existing
 and Newmark is outside the United States.
 uptake continues to be robust across the launch markets with a 20 percent sequential volume
 growth. As Bob mentioned, Kypros has developed two sets of exciting overall survival data
 It relapses multiple mile-long of space into this year.
 It'll be in the end, yeah?
 and the head-to-head endeavor study against Velcade,
 We demonstrated that the kypholosome reduced the risk of death by 21% and improved oral
 survival by about eight months compared to the Velkaid arm.
 Just recently, the Aspire study demonstrated that adding chiprolous to Revlimen and dexamethasone
 also reduce the risk of death by 21%
 That improves survival by about eight months.
 is clear, multiple myeloma patients live longer when treated with cryoprolates.
 With these two new sets of overall survival data, our message to physicians is simple
 and powerful.
 When multiple myeloma relapses, don't put your patient's survival at risk.
 Kypro Space Regiments, KRD and KD, reduced the risk of death by 21% over this RD and
 and extended overall survival by 7.9 and 7.6 months respectively.
 this data will also help community on colleges better understand the risk-benefit ratio of
 profile of Kypolis versus other options.
 Exjiva grew 4% year over year, mostly due to volume.
 We look forward to having the positive, most myeloma study data added to our label in 2018.
 This will expand the eligible patient population
 and provide a new growth opportunity for XEPA.
 For end flight and Vectavix, we continue to see strong volume growth in both brands.
 Vectavix has now over 50% share of the U.S. EGFR segment.
 Our recent label update, which includes expanded brass testing, demonstrates engine's on-going
 commitment to use in cutting in science and technology to target treatments to
 patients most likely to benefit.
 Setting out to new lobster.
 We continue to drive adoption of the Elasta On Pro,
 equity in the second quarter with about 55% share of the last sales.
 The treatment and convenience benefits to patients and providers is clear.
 as penetration continues to improve in patients undergoing
 minus the first of chemotherapy regimen.
 I'd point out, however, as we look at the cancer therapy in total, PD1's and other
 and new novel therapies are causing a low single digit decline
 in the usage of myelosuppressive agents.
 in a small share loss internationally.
 And we believe these factors contributed to the year-over-year decline of about five
 percent. The quarter over quarter decline of 10 percent was timely due to heavier purchasing
 by certain end customers and favorable accounting adjustments in the first quarter.
 We expect the trend in miles of residents to continue for the remainder of the year.
 At point out, however, that in spite of decrease due to milder surface abrasions, there has
 been an increase in the number of hospital admissions for Fibroneutropenia and we continue
 to focus on improving penetration for the benefit of patients and for the reduction
 unnecessary hospitalization costs.
 Looking forward, I'd remind you that the fourth quarter of 2016 also included a single $38
 of approaches from the U.S. government.
 New pigeon declined 30% year of the year.
 The impact of short-acting biosomal competition on New Pigeon in the U.S. was in line with prior trends.
 We have the second quarter holding 44% share, the short acting segment, and importantly,
 have maintained pricing and discipline of the three plus years since New Virginia first
 competition in the U.S. We expect the competitive dynamic to continue through the rest of the
 2017.
 Enroll sales declined 1% year over here, but increased 24% on a quarter of a quarter basis.
 In the first quarter, you'll recall that market volume growth rates in both rheumatology
 the end dermatology segment had contracted from recent levels.
 as we expected in the second quarter.
 market volume growth improved in both seconds.
 We expect year-over-year second growth trends to approximate these recent levels for the
 balance of the air.
 Consequently, our unit chair was relatively stable in both rheumatology and dermatology,
 less than 1% his point to 31% in rheumatology and 15% in dermatology.
 Changes in net selling price had a positive impact on annual sequential growth.
 Recall that quarter one was negatively impacted by increased commercial co-pay assistance
 As calculated on a four-year basis, we continue to expect the year-over-year impact of changes
 the net selling price to be next level.
 We estimate that we exited the second quarter
 with a balance of about $140 million of excess end user
 the inventory. We expect the portion of this excess inventory to deplete through the remaining
 In summary, we saw improvement in the underlying segment performance of this quarter versus
 is the prior quarter.
 And I say trajectory continues as previously projected.
 has a strong track record of safety and efficacy in treating patients with rheumatoid arthritis
 answer rises. We continue to believe the long-term dynamics are intact and continue to invest in
 and animal to remain competitive in these growing segments.
 and that screws 6% here over here.
 priming for volume growth, which includes the benefit from some timing of tenders in certain
 markets outside the U.S. versus the prior year.
 With EPIGEN, we've been executing our life cycle management strategy by successfully transitioning much of the diocese business to ARAMNESS and extending our supply contract with the VDA through 2022.
 The transition to Arabness is largely complete, and the second quarter, year-over-year decline
 in EBITCIN is primarily due to lower net prices as a result of the DeVEDA agreement.
 Do you believe that for now, how efficient volumes have stabilized?
 Since about year-over-year growth of 10% was mainly due to net selling price and to a lesser extent unit growth
 We continue to await seamless guidance on the reimbursant mechanism for passives.
 Parts of the launches are underway in Europe, with seven markets so far and three more expected by year-end.
 In conclusion, let me turn to Rappata.
 We continue to extend our market leadership across the U.S. and Europe.
 We now hold 58% share of the PCS canine segments in both markets, with sequential growth points
 of 4% in the US and 2% in Europe.
 more importantly in the U.S.
 New to brand pasting share averaged 70% in the second quarter.
 March, and the presentation of the positive repatriate outcomes data. We've been engaging with
 payers to improve the utilization management criteria and processes to improve access for
 appropriate patience.
 Payers and PBMs, acknowledge the benefit to patients.
 demonstrated by the outcomes data and are evaluating changes to their processes.
 We continue to believe that the path will grow steadily as guidelines and clinical pathways
 to revise and the outcome data are in our label.
 We look forward to the publication of the final update of ACC.
 expert consensus decision pathway,
 an important reference for physicians.
 Cardiovascular disease continues to be the number one cause of death and disability in the world.
 Rappata has the potential to help millions of patients around the world dealing with this previous illness.
 Let me close by thanking all the M's and staff who worked so hard and tirelessly to get important products to patients around the world.
 And now, it's time for Dr. Sean Hartman.
 It's Tony, folks.
 Let me get back to discussing the inventory.
 So inventory, as we said, we report at a point in time.
 So it's either on the 31st of March, or it is the 30th of June.
 So it's an end point.
 What we have in hand is we know exactly what the revenue numbers are in terms of expatriate sales.
 sales.
 We also understand what our in-market demand is based on the IMS retail prescriptions, which
 are about 90% accurate and 10% predicted. We also understand exactly what is held by
 by the wholesalers because of our complex with them.
 and the triangulation between how much has been sold
 from whole solos to end users.
 minus the demand, leaves us with a number which we then
 extrapolate as being the end user inventory.
 So clearly what happens is at the beginning of the quarter, there's a draw down of that
 which we did see in April-May this year and then there appear to be a bill
 toward the end of June. So what I'm saying is we ended the quarter with an
 excess of about $140 million of inventory, which I would expect to burn off the majority
 that during the rest of the year.
 I mean, it's clear to us, Eric, that that discussion with the payers, they do pay very
 care for attention to position papers and the guidelines coming from these bodies and
 And, you know, the National Lipid Association is a subdivision of the AHA, so it's clear
 that they're making those decisions on that regard.
 The ACC, of course, has always been the granddaddy of guidelines and people will pay definitive
 attention and look at how they will be actually servicing patients aligned with these position
 papers or pathways that the AC have put into place.
 So we're working extensively with them at the moment,
 as Sean says, as the weight of evidence continues to build around the importance of delivering
 repath to patients who do have this particular disease.
 So, Jeff was telling me, one, we've never given pricing guidance prior to a launch.
 Amovic is going into a patient population that are uniquely different from a symptomatic
 perspective, right? So we estimate about 3.4 million patients presently on prophylactic
 treatment for migraine, both episodic and chronic, which
 which is a crumbling disease resulting in mothers not being able to be mothers,
 Employee has not been able to do their work.
 and our discussions have been with payers
 from a technical perspective at this particular stage.
 as we move things forward.
 And there's a huge unmet need and we're busy developing our
 a pharma economic value-based pricing model
 for this particular disease,
 if you're going to be a competitive market that we understand, but our pricing will be
 made as we get closer to the launch time.
 So, when we look at the actual usage in the marketplace, right, there are sort of three
 patient segments that are popping to us that are clearly indicated inside the label and
 way physicians are start to understand there's an important to treat right these
 These are patients who have AS and CDV, who had two events in the last 24 months, clearly
 high-risk patients or what we call high high-risk patients, there are those who
 We have ACS who had an event in the last year or so with ASCVD, and then there's the FH
 population. That's a fairly large population and we've seen the majority of our patients
 coming from that group at the moment.
 If you look at the NRX data, which is really looking at the new to brand prescriptions
 in terms of new patient capture, you are seeing that we're gaining market share there and
 of getting traction consistently
 in terms of getting patients.
 When you look inside the data, and you see that our abandonment rate by commercial patients
 has gone down to about 24% is clear that we are assisting patients who can't afford their
 co-pay or they're deductible so we're getting a higher access to patients there so we see
 a continued usage and expansion by existing positions we are capturing about between 300
 400 new prescribers per month. So the prescriber base is growing as we go forward. The new
 The guidelines have started to take a little bit of traction and position on it.
 We look forward to the ACC presentations.
 So that's where we see the growth of our business right now.
 So Jeff, let me take that one as best I can in a moment, so just to remind you that the
 The outcomes that were presented at the ACC in March.
 are not promoting that data at the moment. We are clearly awaiting the FDA decision to
 into the data in our label at which stage we will start being able to promote that data
 into the market by itself.
 We are working consistently with the players at the moment in terms of re-evaluating and
 challenging some of the utilization management criteria,
 challenging some of the onerous processes that are in place and actually working with
 the professional bodies themselves,
 So they become involved in ensuring they can get access to their patients.
 We have seen a high level of willingness from the players and the PBMs to relook at their
 utilization management criteria to ensure that the processes are reasonable.
 The cohorts are probably a bit too small to be able to really understand patient persistency
 at the moment so what we're tracking is new patient capture early on and as you
 You can see that quite easily from the IMF data, and that continues to grow, as well as
 as the growth trial is as we go forward.
 We do believe that once the FDA ratifies the data and puts it in the label, we'll be in
 a much better position to see an opening of access to the players.
 We start doing a little bit of an answer there by Ken and perhaps Shon can add around the
 clinical data, right?
 So just to go back, my comment to Jeff earlier on, around the unmet need, the more we dig
 into this market, the more you realize they're not only patients, but specialist physicians
 themselves have been absolutely frustrated for decades because of the inability to actually
 prescribed a migraine drug for a migraine.
 They've used substitutes.
 They've used drugs that have caused huge side effects
 and patients are unhappy with them.
 So as we talk to patient bloggers, patient groups about their needs,
 It's clearly unmet need continues to be large.
 Every specialist I've spoken to who looked at the MOV data
 has been impressed by the data.
 I've seen a dramatic potential change in what this would do for patients on a day-to-day
 We do believe that we will be first to market.
 First to market, we have submitted first.
 We intend coming to market first.
 We have a partnership with Novartis who have an existing, strong relationship with the
 the urologists, a lot of them will treat migraine.
 we expect to be using their skills.
 competencies and relationships to set us up and to move fast and quickly into the marketplace.
 I think a lack of inflection would be a terrible tragedy for those patients who suffer from
 of this disease and it will either be suffering
 and early on time, the heart attack or stroke.
 The price we came to market was clearly aligned with an understanding
 about the rebates that will be required in the marketplace to gain a competitive position.
 When you look at the data we presented at the ACC in March,
 this year.
 We take the
 We talked about the pharmacoeconomic value of this product, Alpeacea canine was in the
 class and reconfirm that our net price to payers is presently very much in the range
 to perform economic price.
 We continue to believe that this drug brings value,
 When you look at the second year data,
 that you're reducing heart attacks by 35%,
 producing stroke by 24%, 27%.
 It's an enormous crack in this disease that takes life on a timely basis.
 So, we will continue to drive it forward and to ensure that the value we bring is distinct
 and beneficial in the marketplace.
 So, Rony and Tony, I don't have those exact numbers with me we can get back to, but obviously
 A lot of our oncology business is in the institution which falls under 340B, and we watch that
 it has grown quite dramatically in the last three, four years or so.
 But I think it's sort of under 20% of our total business would be 340 billion.
 So the value-based process is defining the value of a product based on the threshold
 you've set for a quality life you're saved.
 It's a process used by most health technology
 assessment countries around the world, such as the UK, Canada, and Australia, it's an
 evolution of a process in the U.S. at the moment, and we feel quite robust and confident
 in our ability to establish that type of range of value for a product.
 We discussed that with the players on an ongoing basis.
 I think what you might be referring to
 is a bit of our risk-shake contract.
 is actually put into place.
 And those are interesting ones, too, where we have product
 to deliver a distinctive value,
 and we prefer to put our money where our mouth is
 those particular products.
 Some players have taken those up, such as Howard Pilgrim.
 Others are trying to work out how do they track that, monitor that as they go forward, but
 I would imagine going forward it has to be something that becomes more and more popular.
 If you turn to page 23 of your slide deck, that's of course a chart that I look at often,
 which shows a distinctive movement of our market shares
 since the outcomes that it was delivered at the ACC in March,
 clearly people understanding the value of this drug
 in terms of long-term treatment.
 So we have an interim also worked hard, as I said earlier, to try and reduce the impact
 on patients who have large commercial co-pays or large commercial deductions, and we're
 working consistently with payers to try and make the utilization management criteria as
 as well as the process to get access to drug,
 more reasonable to ensure appropriate place to get access.
 You guys can see the size of the multiple myeloma market
 based on the patient numbers themselves.
 So there's a distinctive population that
 exists over there.
 population that presently isn't in our label and if we have not been able to promote on
 that particular patient's group and we look forward to doing it early in all
 when we get in the label in 2018.