 This is Eduardo San Miguel. Welcome to this third quarter 2021 result presentation that will be conducted, as always, by our chairman, Juan Dedo. It will take 20 minutes, and you can post your questions in the Q&A session that comes after the speech. And now I give the room to Mr. Juan Dedo. Hi, hello, everyone. I have a presentation that if I want to make it in 20 minutes, I'd like to make it in 20 minutes. I have to go fast and be precise. So I'll try to go fast through my slides, and then if you need some color to this presentation, I'm sure you will get it through the Q&A session at the end. Okay, this presentation is structured basically in two points. What are we today? What are our third quarter results that you've already gone and read that we are given a guidance at the end of the year of a break-even? And that break-even, how it has been impacted, which I think we've always talked about COVID and un-COVID, but I think now that we see it, you know, in the back of us, I think it was an analysis and what was the impact, you know, of our operations and how it has been impacted, and how it has been impacted our sales, margin, and obviously cash position. Once we go through that, which are the numbers and the analysis of those numbers, we'll go to what I think is extremely important. How do I see 222, you know, and we move forward. Why are we well positioned and very well resourced to benefit from these new awards and the market, you know. And then in a brief summary, we have to go through awards. I mean, we're well positioned because we have strong awards, quality, excellent quality, and well-resourced. You know, we came with the problems and excuses and started to the end of 2020 with all the big factors that we had that had been reprogrammed. Now it's just the opposite. We're sitting with our customers, how we can bring, you know, all those jobs again to 222, for many of the jobs they had moved forward to 223. So all those restarting, you know, jobs, which is close to $4 billion, you know, it's a big figure, are being reprogrammed back to reality. And positive, and let's talk about the future, because it's a really, you know, extremely well-positioned in what we call energy transition. We have customers, we have contracts, and we're taking a very proactive role. And taking a proactive role is good, and we'll talk about that later. And very important, because now with the CEPIA agreement that we do expect the funds to come in shortly, we're financially back where we were at the end of, you know, 2019, where we had, you know, organized TR to grow with the big, bad luck that we had. So, you know, these four points allow me to be positive and say that I would extremely well-positioned and well-resourced, you know, to go back. To benefit, you know, growth and margin trends. And that will be summarized on my outlook and guidance. The first part, as I said, we told you, is impacted of COVID. You know, sometimes I think I was a bit bored, you know, about this slide, because, you know, it's one of those things that all of us think, you know, we've gone through. But I think it's worth doing analysis. You know, some companies had more impact. Some others had less impact. You know, we happen to be the ones that had more because of the stage of the backlog that we've got and the stage of our project and where we had our project, which in most cases were the middle. So we had big impact in the managing of the site, mobilization and demobilization. I'll come up with an example afterwards. Obviously, big impact in managing the manpower and logistics, you know, lack of flights, visa problems, delays of equipment, quarantines. We'll give you some examples. And obviously, the managing of subcontractors with delays and claims. And that translates into how do we manage the project, which is at the end of the day. Are we able to progress? Are we reaching the milestones? Are we getting paid? Well, billing has been difficult. Billing at construction stage with the delays and not being able to reach milestones that we had by contract, it was very difficult. Some cases we have been successful in restructuring the milestones. Some others not. But, of course, today, progress is back to the trend that it was before. And obviously, those difficulties can always be resolved if we have good customers in face-to-face negotiations. But extremely difficult through Zoom or through Teams or through all those new means that we are very proud of, which is good, but not to resolve conflicts. It's the same with change orders. We have a great loss of change orders with customers, and we're moving forward quite successfully with them. But those change orders will be translated in cash at the end of the project, although they always are. So there's all the impacts of our balance sheet and of our projects and working capital and cash. So site problems, manpower and logistics, and project management. And I think this is extremely well explained with one example. Let's look at these graphs. And this, to give you an idea, I don't want to put the name of the customer. It's not here. And the name of the project, but I can tell you it's in the Middle East. And it's a billion plus, but it's high. And it's a project that it was planned, and this is the first graph that it was planned, by early 2021 to have manpower working on the site above 20,000 workers. The reality is at that time we only had 5,000, and probably many of them under quarantine. Let's move on, if you have so few people, what was the progress? Let's look into the blue line again, and let's go to the next slide. If you go to the same date, you know, early 2021, obviously the progress on that job should have been close to 80%. With, you know, with the billing, you know, and the cash comes behind the progress. Obviously the progress at that stage, early 2021, was on the 20%. You know, and that is – and with those two CEOs, we have to manage the progress. We have to negotiate, obviously, with our customers, suppliers, and subcontracts. And let me give you some quick data. What does that mean? It means that we have to manage, on that very specific job, more than 1,700 positive cases on site. We have to manage quarantines of close to 6,000 workers in that same site. And this is a realistic case. This is not a theory, which translates in more than 70,000 mandates lost through those quarantines. And why so many quarters? Because we had to do more than 500 ECRs a day. Well, we have to go through that, and this is one example that if you do an analysis – I don't want to do it now in public – of all the jobs that we had in the Middle East. What was the backlog of the jobs that we had in the Middle East? You know, and we had in Kuwait, we had in South Arabia, we had in Emirates, and we had in Oman. You know, you may imagine, you know, we've gone through difficult times. But let me tell you, difficult times, extremely successfully managed by our team and with a good relationship with our customers. But with an impact. An impact in sales, an impact in cost, and an impact in cash. An impact in sales, that is extremely well seen in this – because the backlog is what it is, and you've known. And some of the people say, why do you have so many – such few sales with such a big backlog? Well, I think it is very well explained in this slide. If you go to the end of 2019, we have a level of sales which was close to 1.3 billion years. You know, we went to that, you know, we went to that, let me tell you, at the end of that quarter, quite happily. You know, TR would have gone through the oil and gas crisis, and we're back to growth. If you go to the next – the last two quarters, we haven't reached 700 million euros, which is, give or take, sales to the year, you know, plus 40 to 45 percent lower. It's not easy to manage your business when you sell to your, you know, you know, lowers down to up 40 percent what you had before. And we've done it well, and that's why they break even figure. That translates, you know, lower sales, it has an impact in margin, and obviously it makes the management of a working capital quite tight. Quite tight, as I think is reflected in the next slide. This quarter, we had a negative 91 million euros at the end of September. It was – it was – September, it is true that it was already a month of recovery. It was a month where our plan was using all the collection from our customers, and we were ready back on business to pay our suppliers. We needed to run to progress on construction and to reach those desirable milestones with all customers. And that was our plan and continues being our plan as COVID, the real COVID, is behind us. And obviously, with that plan, you know, if it's tight and we need to run, and the level of sales hadn't reached the level that we had before, obviously, we can run through mismatches. And we run into a mismatch, a mismatch of one day that, you know, cost collection of one day of $90 million. That we adjusted at UT right below the negative 91, you know, you know, there was a collection of 90 million that we would have shown a figure, an adjusted figure, so to speak. I don't want to use the name of the term adjusted anymore, because I want to go back to reality of practically having a, you know, a break-even cash figure. And that translates into the third quarter result. Third quarter results of a level of sales quite low, quite low, as I explained before, you know, despite of the backlog and despite of the awards, you know, as progress was slow, has been slow through September, improving now, little by little, but improving. And an EBIT, and a real EBIT, therefore, of zero. And this is a break-even quarter. And we do expect next month to have similar figure. I guess we like to, you know, we do expect to finish the year with two break-even quarters. This is, you know, with that level of sales, this is the reality, and this is the real, non-adjusted account, and this is non-adjusted EBIT result. Good news that, you know, market has picked up. And the level of sales, we go through them afterwards. The level of sales has improved. I'm sorry, the level of sales. The level of awards, order of intake, has improved substantially. And year-to-date, and we do think we're going to grow a little bit, we have 7.7 billion awards, which is way above $4 billion, which is very much, you know, the positive number, the good size of the number that I was expecting to us, you know, as a very beginning of the year. You know, we thought that the market was good. I don't think I had much credibility when I was saying to the market, there was a challenge that I could reach the $4 billion, and those $4 billion are here, which gives us the backlog, a very healthy backlog of staying for $4 billion. So, well, we have a break-even two quarters, but we're back in business with a good, ordinary intake, and a very strong backlog. The backlog that I think is worth, you know, to do some analysis. And with that backlog, let's go with the second part of the presentation. Why are we well-positioned, well-resourced, to benefit from this backlog and to benefit from this new market? First of all, because your franchise is healthy. It's very healthy, as it's been reflected in the $4 billion of new awards. If you go one by one, you can see the quality and how those subways were, in some cases, extremely risky. Two, because obviously it was difficult when you have awards, and we had it in 2019, and to reprogram them. It has an impact in our balance sheet. It has an impact in our resources. It has an impact in our cash. Well, now we're speaking with those customers. With some of them, we have already concluded, and we're starting the $4 billion of reprogrammed projects. That's good news. That's the second reason that allowed me to say that we're very well-positioned. Third, because probably 12 months ago, you know, energy transition was more an idea than a reality. Now it's a reality, and if I was telling you 12 months ago that we were well-positioned because we had the know-how, we had the skills, we had the engineers, now I can tell you that I have the customers, and those customers, and I have the projects, and very soon I have the sales and the margins. And for that growth, we have the Spanish government. We have the Spanish government that confirms that they want to help us to grow and put us back where we were in 2019. That's the message. So these are the four main reasons why I'm positive and why I'm telling you that we're well-positioned to grow and go back to what is more important to a real benefit, you know, to a real profit. We're talking about awards. Why I'm positive of awards. And I think this slide, I think it's a good one. This one is one of the ones that I really like. What was of our business is very difficult to measure on quarterly sales. We've done it. We've done it, and it's just like we'll see what was the quarterly sales that started in 2017 that we were having in this business. And, you know, obviously we have an average of way above 1 billion euros, you know, and having, you know, sales of 1.2, 1.3, very high level of sales, way above 1 billion, 1.3. Very good. Awards. I'm not sorry. I'm saying sales for awards. Obviously, that's important. We're getting awards. The pandemic came, and you see that especially over 2020, 20, and early 21, the level of awards were nil, practically nothing. And if you see now where are we today, what are the level of awards that we're getting, and we're getting now these last third quarters, very important last third quarters. is we're back to our best years of awards, to our very best years of awards. So we're back on the market. But when we're getting awards with all customers, new customers, very much, you know, very much well-positioned in petrochemicals, very well-positioned in gas, and an analysis of the jobs, very healthy risk. And let's do an analysis of those awards. This is an old slide that has been, you know, putting in green all the jobs that originally, two quarters ago, I was presenting to you on the jobs that we thought we could be awarded for. Not that we were awards, but that we were well-positioned, either because we were selected by customers, but not award, or because we thought in the competition it's not strong enough. I mean, and we're only two competing, and the livelihood of us is quite high. If you go through all of them, the ones in red are the ones that we've lost, and we had put with no color on our previous presentation. If you go through them, you see here are 4.7 billion euros of awards, 4.7 billion with no customers. In a market which is very important, very much focused on gas and petrochemicals, which are going to grow, and we're going to grow with that market. And everybody understands now that it's a big mismatch between supply and demand of gas and petrochemicals, and we're there. We're there with no customers and with the new customers. And quite likely in the few weeks, we'll have good news. We do expect that some of the jobs that we're very well-positioned for the end of the year and first half of next year will happen soon. So this is what I told you before that it could happen, and it has happened. This is very important. So that's why I like to... I don't... It's a bit complex in this slide, but this is the trend of awards that have occurred, give or take, as we've announced to the market, they could take place. So let's go to the next slide, which gives us an analysis of the backlog. And an analysis of the backlog which justifies and explains when I fail that I will back to benefit, and we're back to a healthy level of sales. We have a backlog that 42% of the backlog are what we call reprogrammed jobs that we are negotiating with the customers to start again and to start soon. That will translate in sales into 22. 35% is another $4 billion deal or take of new products. Some of them have already come into force and some other with an early work has been awarded. We started with engineering, but they have not come put into force as they're starting to come into force and we start finishing engineering and moving to procurement and we're translating sales and sales which are taking margins and we'll be back in a profitable business. And 23% of the $3 billion of jobs that have been executed under very much most of them in construction. The ones that were engineering was easy to manage, very easy to manage a job if it was a non-engineering job. Our engineering companies have managed extremely well the moving to a non-presidential engineering. But if you have to manage construction, it was a different story. And unfortunately, we were very heavily affected. But with this split, I think I'm very comfortable to say that these sales run-ups due to reprogrammed jobs and new sales is done. It's here. And therefore, we're back into profitability with a good pipeline. So let's talk about reality. Let's talk about what we already have. And now let's talk about everybody wonders what is CR's strategy in this energy transition. I can hear the message and I don't want to go through all those lines here. I'll go forever and I'm not good at it is that today we can confirm that we are starting to be, if not we are, a relevant actor in this transition. we have real projects and real customers not only proposals, we have real projects with Geodynamics, with SwissInc, with our foundation, with Repsol, with Surinogs, within our gas we have real projects and we're becoming a real actor in this transition. And we've done this in a complex year, let me tell you. Where management has to focus in managing COVID, has to focus in managing jobs, has to focus in trying to collect from customers. So in this transition we have placed ourselves and positioned ourselves very close already of a profitable business. we move a step forward and that step forward is now we want to be and we are proactive, extremely proactive in this market. We know as we're sitting with customers, we know as we're sitting with infrastructure funds and helping and supporting them, and there is money. There is money that our customers and ourselves we need to capture and we're putting together a strong and aggressive strategy. A strategy trying to design with customers how to decarbonize their industries and their plants. Sitting with customers and sitting with new companies in developing green ammonia for low carbon shipping technology. Sitting with customers and sitting with infrastructure funds in developing technologies and helping to escalate technologies and monetize methane emissions. And obviously sitting with customers, old customers, new customers and funds in developing the technology of electrolysis technology. Trying to go develop with some new and fresh companies. Because that's probably the bright idea and we've got to know how in trying to escalate that. so the answer we've taken a very proactive activity. We have structured ourselves as a very strong division and the message and I'm quite sure that we can, we want and we will be a very important catalyser to develop this technology. So I'm extremely positive that very soon and sooner than later it will be a very important division of TR. And now let's stop. Everybody is wondering the fourth reason why I'm positive. I'm positive because we have the support of the Spanish government. And with the support of the Spanish government and back where I was in 2019 when I was ready to capture a market and have a self-seeker of above 5 billion euros. So CEPI which is called Spanish government through the support scheme that was developed by the European Union confirms that we are strategic for the Spanish economy and supporters with 175 million of hybrid equity loan and with another loan of 165 million. And we do expect as we work in very closely day to day with the Spanish government that those funds will be disbursed before your end. So it's good news. You need the balance sheet. You need the strength. You need to give comfort to investors and customers and you need the backlog and we've got it already. So that was the reason why we are well prepared to go back to process. And this translates in guidance. Obviously we are 15th of November and on 15th of November I cannot say that this is going to happen in three weeks. I mean nothing is happening in three weeks. That's why I'm giving you a guidance of work even from now to the end of the year. With sales we're just going to be in a neighborhood of three billion. If you cannot accrue the new backlog, if you cannot accrue because you still speaking with the customers the reprogram jobs, obviously you cannot. It is not translated in sales yet and you cannot. It will not translate in margins in 2021, but it would definitely translate into margins as we move forward into 2022. The first quarters at a slower pace, which much stronger pace, which will give us an average margin above 2%, an average sales figure above 4 billion. So that means a new award. It's true. It's not a challenge for me. I don't think it's too challenging having, again, repeating awards of another 4 billion. So the guidance for 2022 is not that challenging, doable, and we'll see the progress of this guidance as we move forward towards the second, third, and fourth quarter of the year. And obviously you may be wondering where you go forward as you get the new awards of, you know, and then we'll forward to stabilize the business. On a sales figure, 5 billion, we had it before, awards of 5 billion, we've done it before, and I think the market and the pipeline is much stronger and far more demand than today than it was in 2017, 18, and 19, much stronger, far much stronger, and let me tell you, probably less risky, less risky because of the pace of the demand, and an average a bit above 4%. You might be wondering if I'm being a stingy, mean, or too prudent, well, you know, the level of uncertainty still is great. I've been managing this business for 20 years, and I think it's prudent to say that about 4% margin is doable, but I would not like to give guidance above that. You know, the idea is true that there are new awards, they have good margin embedded, but I think 2.23 is really far too long. And I think I'm done. This is my last slide. It has taken me, well, 25, close to 30 minutes. I wanted to do in 20, but now, you know, any questions you may pose, you know, I'll answer them, you know, and give some color to these presentations. I'll answer them the better I can. Thank you very much. Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now. So if you wish to ask a question, please dial 01 on your telephone keypad. Our first question comes from the line of Alejandro Rovigio from Bessevera Securities. Please go ahead. Yes, hello, Juan and Eduardo, thank you for taking my questions. A couple of questions to start the discussion. One is about the mid-term target of guidance of 5 billion euros and 4% margin. Which is the time horizon for this kind of business environment? 24 months, more than that? Yes, yes. And what kind of mix are you expecting in these cells in terms of energy transition projects? I don't know, 15, 20, 30% of the total? That would be the first one. And the second one is about the CEPI financial support. The final number is bigger than the one announced in July. Why is that? And second is in the statement, there is a comment about the potential equity commitment by CEPI in case of a capital increase. If you can elaborate on that. Is CEPI your anchor investor for a potential capital increase and when could this be executed? Thank you. I think you've asked all the questions everybody wants to here with your three questions. Alejandro, thank you. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for your questions. First question, I mean, I'm talking about ambition and I think at the pace that we get in the new and fresh backlog, the quality of the backlog and bringing forward, all those jobs that have been reprogrammed, it's a number of 223. I mean, we have to target the 223 to go back to numbers and to margins that this business deserves. And that's the guidance that's 223. Thank you. The making sales of energy transition, I think energy transition, you know, there's going to be, it's going to have an impact, but it's not going to be a volume business. There's going to be very much, it's going to impact in terms of margin, I don't know how much, small, 10%, 15%. It would allow us to improve margin, but it's going to be very much a service business as everything having to do with new technologies, new projects. It cannot be structured as an EPC, you know, obviously, because you cannot, you cannot, I mean, you cannot put a price on a new technology having to do with hydrogen or having to do with either cost plus or service. So we would allow us to manage the business, to develop our engineers, to catalyze the business and improve our margins as you see, you know, profit and low level of sales, but it would not signify a large percentage of sales. Probably, you know, you will see an improvement of the margins as we start rendering good services relative to this part. CEPI, Y340, and not 290, as we had said before. You know, 290 was, you know, in July, we decided to make it public, and we decided with our government to make it public, probably. That was the number we were analyzing. That was the number we were analyzing that we needed. That was the best number we could come out through to put us back to what we were before, because we want to be back equity-wide where we were before. And for the same reason that the virus and the different variants are live, we were doing, you know, very much with the CEPI allows us to see that the good number was not 290 and it's closer to 340. You know, both things were alive, were alive, costs have been alive. you know, we have gone through extra costs and therefore the number has grown. And I think this is the final and good number. It's an analysis that like two last figures, cost with the virus and then government support. The equity conversion as a catalyzer, it has nothing to do with equity conversion or it has to do with the catalyzer. It is, you know, we have, we're going to be a partner with a hybrid for four years. Having a partner for four years, we have talked to customers in other September, October, and November that is good. That is good to be a partner of the government and here what we have is the option in the near or future, more likely in the future term, once we pay back, once we're back by own means where we were before to continue having our government partner with a small percentage, with a small equity, because some of our competitors have it, because we think that commercially speaking may help us a lot. Especially in a world that is changing extremely well, and we have competitors in France, competitors in Italy, competitors in Korea, and it's our option. So it's an option that we have today, and we don't want to have it in four years' times. And it's a good option that we get from the government to support the growth of TR, if we happen to need it. You don't solve anything with $35 million, but it gives us the health and the strength of having the support of this kind of Hispanic government. Let me tell you, many of our customers appreciate that. Okay, so this is just sorry to follow on this. It's not that you're planning a capital increase, it's just an option in the long term for CEPI to be part of this potential capital increase. It is obviously the fund, the pure fund, has to go through hybrid. But if we have to, and that's the terms, we have to, and we're planning to, and we're quite comfortable we will repay back in four years, as I explained before. But we like to have the option, and the government agrees to it, to continue having to be steady at the point. Okay. We just keep credibility, and he put us in similar position to some of our competitors. All right. Understood. Thank you very much. And the next question comes from the line of James Thompson J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. Great. Good afternoon, Han. Thank you very much for your presentation there. I just have another question, but just following up on a hundred questions there. In terms of the $35 million commitment, is this what you're saying, is that this will be only decided at the end of the four and a half years, and will it only happen if you also at the same time do some sort of capital increase at that time? So I just wanted if you could confirm that it's just right at the end of the period type decision. Firstly. We have no idea when are we going to convert it, if ever. But we have four years. It could be months, or it could be four-year time. But today we haven't got HEPI, I'm sorry, in our structure, but it's very well known we're going to have it. And let me tell you, it's quite nice and healthy to visit our customers. And you have to go through how many awards we've got in August, September, October, and November. And we came to the conclusion they could be good. Could be good. We don't know. Let's see what happens to continue having them as a showholder. Small showholder as a showholder. You may give some color. just customers we have to serve. Huge national oil companies and very often requesting public finance, structural finance, export finance. Well, I think we thought that it's not very well developed. We thought it could give some color to TR's financial. Okay. Okay. Thank you. My question really was, I just wanted to talk about this kind of improvement in margins. When you give the presentation, obviously, 4.5 billion euros of projects there or thereabouts are obviously or have been reprogrammed or stopped and now need to be restarted. So, I mean, I guess the question is, how have you or what confidence can you give us that Seneca has managed to negotiate to offset things like inflation that we're facing at this point in time in these projects? What sort of confidence can you give us that these 4.5 billion are actually going to be able to generate margins as you head into kind of later part of 2022 and into 2023? And, you know, alongside that, you know, maybe it could give us a bit of a flavor in terms of kind of the working capital side of things or how cash should progress. I mean, if this is the case that these projects have stopped and are now restarting, so, you know, probably quite a long way from potential milestone payments, is it sort of fair to assume that, you know, we shouldn't really see much of an improvement in net cash until kind of 2023 type time frame? Or maybe just some color about how you think that may well evolve over the coming quarters. That would be great. Thank you. I mean, we are sitting in this case with all customers, customers for projects in Asia, customers for projects in the Middle East, customers for projects in North America, and with some of them, we have already reached agreements with embedded costs, and the embedded costs, which has been transferred to them, obviously, has to do with inflation, has to do with materials, has to do with extra cost of having to reprogram again and launch the job. With others, we're very close, and with others, we're just beginning, because we just been announced that they like to sit with us. Let me tell you, it's much easier to sit down with a customer in today's market. You have a real job, and they have been reprogrammed to their benefit. it's much easier to sit down with them and see how you can accelerate that job and negotiate a contract or some payment terms, milestones, and costs than going to the market and trying to bid for a new job. This is something that both customer, I'm not going to name it, and supplier, have to sit down and agree. And I'm quite confident that in some cases I already reached an agreement, I couldn't name it with, and some others sooner than later will reach an agreement and et cetera. But that's you know, it's a, you know, having reprogrammed jobs and having to restructure yourself with an, you know, with the problem, lesson and wanted problem that we had. Now, obviously, we have another problem that we have to sit down and we negotiate with them but it's a better problem. It's an easier solution. And we happen to be successful and we will. Reprogram jobs and new jobs coming into force will translate into a far better working capital towards the second half of next year. You know, as it was before. Okay, so sort of second half next year, I mean, that's relatively quick, I suppose, if you've got kind of 8 billion, if you include the new projects sort of just starting up now. I mean, you have to realize the project has been awarded. From being awarded, you have to, you know, you have to, they have to come into force. When the project comes into force, you start doing engineering, very little impact when you start engineering in terms of working capital, very little because you are accruing engineering. But as you move forward, you start reaching milestones, you have to place orders and it translates into a far better working capital structure. On that, on that is a very specific job. And the same is going to happen with the jobs that will reprogram and we teach the customers to see how to accelerate. That's why I say it's quick. I mean, it's quick. We've been starting to work with them in October, and I'm talking about second half of next year. It's eight, nine. Okay. Thank you very much, Ryan. Appreciate your answers. Thanks for the presentation. Thank you. And over. And the next question comes from the line of Francisco Ruiz from Exxen. Please go ahead. I have two questions. The first one is still on the cash position. Do you think that with the current cash and many the recovery that you have just talked about in the second half of next year would be enough to finance the strong ramp up that you're going to have? Four billion sales next year, five billion sales on the following, or it would be easier to make a capital increase right now in order to be more comfortable to finance this expansion? And the second question is if you could tell us if you have any significant impact from this scarcity of materials due to the price cost or how you're going to deal with the raw materials inflation in the current quarters. Okay. Thank you, Francisco. Cash decisions. Obviously, we're getting 340 meters of cash, not equity, cash, pure cash. And I think that put us in a very comfortable position to manage the growth in awards and sales. It's good. And that's the analysis. That's why we've set up from our 290 to our 340. So that's why I said in the full point that gives me the comfort that today I had the awards, new awards are coming, and I'm back where I was, you know, with the huge backlog at the end of 2019. So what, if the answer is is this enough to achieve the 2022 guidance, the answer is yes. Inflation of raw materials. You know, I'll show you the backlog. The backlog is, you know, the old jobs, the ones that were impacted, there is no inflation of raw materials around their construction. The ones that are being awarded, they've just seen price, and there is no impact, very little impact of raw materials. And obviously, in the jobs, they have to be restructured, or they have to be renegotiated. There is impact that we see one by one, customer by customer. There's not that many customers, and they're not that many jobs, to accommodate, you know, raw materials. You have to realize that some of those jobs, equipment was already bought, and the equipment was bought, and they were being preserved in the site. In some other bulk material, which is something you buy at the very beginning, was bought, and some equipment was bought. And then, you know, partially paid was bought. So, even in the restructured jobs, a very large percentage of the impact in raw materials was already, you know, was part of the job, was already paid, or was already agreed, was already closed, or hedged. And the remaining one, now we're speaking with the customers to see if we can accommodate with a new way that is manageable. Okay. Thank you very much. The next question comes from the line of Kevin Roger from Kebler Chevrolet. Please go ahead. Yes. Good evening. I would have two questions, please. The first one is related into the short term, because you are guiding basically for something like 900 million euro revenue for Q4, if you want to achieve the more than 3 billion revenue in Q4. I was wondering if you can give us some metrics with us to confirm the recovery in your activity, because you were mentioning during the presentation the number of people that are confined, isolated, under quarantine, et cetera, et cetera. So can you share with us some metrics in, let's say, this week compared to two months ago to show what is the trend in your activity right now? And the second question, sorry for that one, but I mean, you have been talking about a nice backlog, good quality backlog, et cetera, since quite a few quarters now. When you look at 2022, you are guiding for a 2% EBIT margin, so far away from what you were expecting previously. So what did you include in this 2% EBIT margin? What is, let's say, what are your main assumptions for this 2%, please? Hi, Kevin. you're talking about metrics. And I think in the presentation, the reason that I give you an example of one single job where we had to manage a reduction of from 20,000 to 5,000 workers with 6,000 workers under quarantine, that's one job. And do an analysis? I don't think I'm going to start naming the different jobs that we had in the middle of those situations. So it's very difficult to come up with metrics. This is the real metrics. And the important metrics is we manage that. And we manage that and we are successfully progressing in those jobs. And we are successfully delivering those jobs. That's the important thing about these metrics. And it's very difficult to come out with the real figure on a quality basis in this business. And it has been extremely difficult for us to anticipate that that was going to happen. So the metric of our guidance of 221 is that this whole thing is passed or is passing and that our jobs are progressing at an adequate pace. And our customers, we negotiate with them to accelerate milestones that we're getting paid. So that allows me to say, okay, obviously I have six months to finish the year. And with those metrics, I can finish this next quarter at a break-even basis. And this is the important thing. And that break-even, my message is it's a positive break-even. I mean, it's positive to finish a break-even with a self level as low as we've got. So it's ticket, or at least I take it as good news. Some analysts may not like it, because there are six or seven euros way above or below, but this is good news. We've managed this business under incredible uncertainty and stress. And we've managed it extremely well, quite well. This is good news. And the second question is the quality of the backlog. The quality is very good, and the margin embedded in the backlog is good. But the sales figure would not increase, would not ramp up. I mean, we had, you know, in the last two quarters of 221, zero, we cannot go to four. It would increase. Little by little, a sales figure will increase, and we are able to accrue the new jobs. They have to come into force. to give you an example, the big job that was awarded to us, and it's going to be bigger than announced because there are a lot of options that have to be included as the customer works with the other engineering companies. You know, we are getting paid starting up engineering, we're getting paid, but still hasn't put into force. Because all the options have to be precisely reflected into the contract. So the hourly job came into force at the end of September. So you have to, you know, jobs take a while to come into force. They're good jobs, they're good projects, but we would not be able to accrue those jobs with their embedded margin, and let me tell you, they're good margins, and very much the risk. Until, you know, second half of next year. So you can take a while. The good thing is we've got it, we have the backlog, and the QR franchise has remained as strong as before with a good level of awards. I don't know I don't know if you're correct, but I tried my best. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And we have one question left from Alvaro Olenza from Elantra Equities. Please go ahead. Hi, thanks for taking my question. First on guidance, you're looking for $5 billion awards midterm. If I am not mistaken, you've only reached such an amount one year, what makes you confident that you can reach this, especially if you've stated that energy transition contracts will likely come with a lower size but higher margin? So that would be my first question. Second one is regarding the agreement with CEPI. The release, it says that you have committed to executing some kind of strategic plan that includes energy transition, diversification in different geographical regions and cost cutting and so on. I wanted to know whether this refers to the transforma plan that is already in place or whether you are working on another strategic plan with the CEPI. And lastly, if we look at the net cash position, it has reduced by roughly $180 million quarter-on-quarter while the increase in working capital has only explained about $150 million. So there's a big difference and I understand that those $90 million that you stated that was just a one-day difference between collecting and not collecting it, that would be already included in the working capital. So other than the working capital, the reduction in cash seems significantly higher than your net loss. So whether you could provide some more color and whether you are paying off some of the provisions that you've done during the year or what explains this decline in the net cash position. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm trying to organize how to answer a mix of questions. The first one you're asking, you know, you're talking about our transformer plan and our project with CEPI or strategy with CEPI, whether it's the same or not. I'm not sure what the question is, but let me tell you. Transformer plan is something we worked very hard in 2019, continuing work in 2020 and 2020, and our agreement with CEPI, obviously CEPI liked it. Obviously, we liked it. And in our strategy with CEPI, everything that we had working on transformer plan is already embedded of it. There's no difference between transformer and CEPI. I mean, transformer is the plan of TR, you know, being able to structure ourselves to grow and to become a far more cost-effective company. And at the same time, provided that we have some auditors, how we could capture and de-risk part of the business, capture some other markets and de-risk part of the business. It's not an obligation, it's a good plan, and it's a plan that we had before and we have improved and we have talked to CEPI, and we always do. That's the natural way of managing a business. The second question we're talking, about guidance, guidance of the $5 billion sales. Obviously, if you crunch numbers, if we have awards and they come into force this year above $4 billion, and they're going to be above $4 billion, and we have awards, only we have awards slightly above $4 billion, next year, by the time sales accrued, we're going to be reaching the $5 billion minimums of sales. It's just so cool. Only with the remaining backlog and the awards. So $5 billion, if we get those levels of awards, $5 billion, we're going to be very, very close, if not above. We've done it before, and we've done it before for several periods. We had the backlog to do it. You only have to look at the level of sales that we had at the end of 2019, and try to play with those numbers and see what we have been our level of sales with that backlog in 2020. And that's what I said many months ago, we have put the business, we've organized our sales for a business, for a level of sales way above $4 billion. So it is a guidance, but it's a guidance that I do feel comfortable to reach. And the last question has to do with the falling cash, $90 million, falling working capital. I'm a little confused. All I can tell you, those $90 million, it's a down payment. They should have come in during the month of September, and for some reason, more administrative of work came in on the 1st of October. So I don't think it's part of the working capital. It's just $90 million, cash payment having to do with the non-payment of a job that has just started. But if you want to get into detail in numbers, I would advise you to call our investor relations, and then you get into details because probably I'm not the right person to give you the best and detailed answer. thanks a lot. Thank you very much for the caller. And if there are no further audio questions, I'll hand it back for any closing remarks. questions. Okay. Thank you to all of you for listening to the presentation. It would be longer than expected. I tried to rush, but I was not able to. And thank you for all the questions which have helped us and me in particular to clarify the presentation. thanks a lot and I'll see you for sure in three months' time, February.