This is Eduardo San Miguel. Welcome to this third quarter 2021 result presentation that will be conducted as always by our chairman Juan Mero. It will take something like 20 minutes and you can post your questions in the Q&A session that comes after the speech. And now I give the room to Mr. Juan Mero. Hi, hello everyone. I have a presentation that if I want to make it in 20 minutes, I'd like to make it in 20 minutes. I have to go fast and be precise. So I'll try to go fast through my slides and then if you need some color to this presentation, I'm sure you will get it through the Q&A session at the end. Okay, this presentation is structured basically in two points. What are we today? What are our third quarter results that you've already gone and read that we are given a guidance of end of the year of a break even? And that break even, how it has been impacted? Because I think we've always talked about COVID and non-COVID. But I think now that we see it, you know, in the back of us, I think it's worth an analysis. And what was the impact of our operations and how it has been impacted? Our sales, margin, and obviously cash position. Once we go through that, which are the numbers and the analysis of those numbers, we'll go to what I think is extremely important. How do I see 2022 and how we move forward? Why are we well positioned and very well resourced to benefit from this new award and the market? And a brief summary, we have to go through awards. I mean, we're well positioned because we have strong awards, quality, excellent quality and worthy risk. You know, we came with problems and excuses and started to the end of 220 with all the big factor that we had had been reprogrammed. Now we see the opposite. We're sitting with our customers. How we can bring all those jobs again to 222 or many of the jobs they had moved forward to 2023. So all those restarting jobs, which is close to 4 billion, it's a big figure, are being reprogrammed back to reality. I'm positive. Let's talk about the future because we're really extremely well positioned in what we call energy transition. We have customers, we have contracts, and we're taking a very proactive role. And taking a proactive role is good and we'll talk about that later. And very important because now with the SEPI agreement that we do expect the funds to come in shortly, we're financially back where we were at the end of 2019. Where we had organized TR to grow with the big backlog that we had. So these four points allow me to be positive and say that we're extremely well positioned and well resourced to go back to benefits, growth and margin trends. And that will be summarized on my outlook and guidance. The first part, as I said, is impacted of COVID. Sometimes I think I was a bit bored about this slide because it's one of those things that all of us think. But I think it's worth doing analysis. Some companies had more impact, some others had less impact. We happen to be the ones that had more because of the stage of the backlog that we've got and the stage of our projects and where we had our projects, which in most cases were the Middle East. So we had big impact in the managing of the site, mobilization and demobilization. I'll come up with an example afterwards. Obviously, big impact in managing the manpower and logistics. Lack of flights, visas problems, delays of equipment, quarantines, we'll give you some examples. And obviously the managing of subcontractors with the delays and claims. And that translates into how do we manage the project. At the end of the day, are we able to progress? Are we reaching the milestones? Are we getting paid? Well, billing has been difficult. Billing at construction stage with the delays and not being able to reach milestones that we had by contract, it was very difficult. Some cases we have been successful in restructuring the milestones, some others not. But of course, today progress is back to the trend that it was before. And obviously the difficulties can always be resolved if we have good customers in face-to-face negotiations. But it's extremely difficult through Zoom or through Teams or through all those new means that we're very proud of, which is good but not to resolve conflicts. It's the same with change orders. We have a great loss of change orders with customers and we're moving forward quite successfully with them. But those change orders will be translated in cash at the end of the project, as they always are. So there's all the impacts of our balance sheet and of our projects and working capital and cash. So site problems, manpower and logistics and project management. And I think this is extremely well explained with one example. Let's look at these graphs. And this gives you an idea. I don't want to give the name of the customer. The customer is not here and the name of the project, but I can tell you it's in the Middle East. And it's a billion plus by the size. And it's a project that it was planned, and this is the first graph, that it was planned by early 2021 to have manpower working on the site above 20,000 workers. The reality is at that time we only had 5,000. And probably many of them under quarantine. Let's move on. If you have so few people, what was the progress? Let's look into the blue line again and let's go to the next slide. If you go to the same date, early 2021, obviously the progress from that job should have been close to 80%. With the billing and the cash comes behind the progress. Obviously the progress at that stage, early 2021, was only 20%. And with those two figures we had to manage the progress. We had to negotiate, obviously, with our customers, suppliers, and subcontractors. And let me give you some quick data. What does that mean? It means that we had to manage on that very specific job more than 1,700 positive cases on site. We had to manage quarantines of close to 6,000 workers in that same site. And this is a realistic case. This is not theory. Which translates in more than 70,000 mandates lost through those quarantines. And why so many quarantines? Because we had to do more than 500 BTRs a day. Well, we have to go through that. And this is one example. But if you do an analysis, I don't want to do it now in public, of all the jobs that we had in the Middle East. What was the backlog of the jobs that we had in the Middle East? And we had in Kuwait, we had in Saudi Arabia, we had in Emirates, and we had in Oman. You may imagine we've gone through difficult times. But let me tell you, difficult times, extremely successfully managed by our team and with a good relationship with our customers. But with an impact. An impact in sales, an impact in costs, and an impact in cash. An impact in sales that is extremely well seen in this. Because the backlog is what it is. And some people say, well, you have so many, such few sales with such a big backlog. Well, I think it's very well explained in this slide. If you go to the end of 2019, we have a level of sales which was close to 1.3 billion euros. And at that, you know, we went to bed, let me tell you, at the end of that quarter, quite happy. You know, TR had gone through the oil and gas crisis and was back to growth. If you go to the last two quarters, we haven't reached 700 million euros. Which is, give or take, sales figure, you know, close to 40 to 45 percent lower. It's not easy to manage a business when your sales figure, you know, lowers down to up 40 percent what you had before. And we've done it well. And that's why the break-even figure. That translates, you know, lower sales, it has an impact in margin, and obviously it makes the management of working capital quite tight. Quite tight, as I think is reflected in the next slide. This quarter we had a negative 91 million euros at the end of September. It was September, it is true that it was already a month of recovery. It was a month where our plan was using all the collection from our customers and we were already back on business to pay our suppliers. We needed to run through progress on construction and to reach those desirable milestones with all our customers. And that was our plan and continues being our plan as COVID, the real COVID, is behind us. And obviously with that plan, you know, if it's tight and we need to run and the level of sales haven't reached the level that we had before, obviously we can run through mismatches and we run into mismatches. A mismatch of one day that, you know, cost collection of one day of $90 million that we adjusted at UTC.

right below the negative 9 to 1. There was a collection of $19 million that we would have shown adjusted figures. I don't want to use the term adjusted anymore because I want to go back to reality of practically having a break-even cash figure. And that translates into the third quarter results. Third quarter results there was a level of sales quite low, quite low as I explained before in spite of the backlog and in spite of the awards. You know, as progress was slow, has been slow through September, improving now little by little but improving. And an EBITDA real EBITDA therefore of zero. And this is a break-even quarter. And we do expect next month to have a similar figure. I guess we would like to finish the year with two break-even quarters. This is, you know, with that level of sales, this is the reality and this is the real non-adjusted account. This is not adjusted EBITDA result. Good news that, you know, the market has picked up and the level of sales will go through that afterwards. The level of sales has improved, I'm sorry, the level of sales, the level of awards, the level of intake has improved substantially. And year to date, and we do think we're going to grow a little bit, we have 7.7 billion awards, which is way above $4 billion, which is very much, you know, the positive number, the good set of numbers that I was expecting to as, you know, as a very beginning of the year. You know, we thought that the market was good. I don't see it had much credibility when I was saying to the market. There was challenges, but I could reach the $4 billion and those $4 billion are here, which gives us a backlog, a very healthy backlog of $7.4 billion. So we have a break-even two quarters, but we're back in business with a good order intake and a very strong backlog. The backlog that I think is worth, you know, to do some analysis. And with that backlog, let's go with the second part of the presentation. Why are we well positioned, well resourced to benefit from this backlog and to benefit from this new market? First of all, because our franchise is healthy. It's very healthy as it's been reflected in the $4 billion of new awards. If you go one by one, you can see the quality and how those awards were in some cases extremely risky. Two, because obviously it was difficult when you have awards and we had in 2019 and to reprogram it has an impact in our balance sheet, it has an impact in our resources, it has an impact in our cash. Well, now we're sitting with those customers, with some of them we have already concluded and we're starting the $4 billion euros of reprogrammed projects. That's good news. That's the second reason that allowed me to say that we're very well positioned. Third, because probably 12 months ago, energy transition was more an idea than a reality. Now it's a reality and if I was telling you 12 months ago that we were well positioned because we had the know-how, we had the skills, we had engineers, now I can tell you that I have the customers and those customers and have the projects and very soon I have the bill and the margin. And for that growth, we have the Spanish government. We have the Spanish government that confirms that they want to help us to grow and put us back where we were in 2019. That's the message. So those are the four main reasons why I'm positive and why I'm telling you that we're well positioned to grow and go back to what is more important to a real benefit, to a real profit. We're talking about awards. Why I'm positive of awards? And I think this slide is a good one. This is one of the ones that I really like. What was our business is very difficult to measure on quarterly sales. We've done it. We've done it and in this slide we'll see what was the quarterly sales that started in 2017 that we were having in this business. Obviously we have an average of way above 1 billion euros and having sales of 1.2, 1.3, very high level of sales. Way above 1 billion, 1.3. Very good. Awards. I'm not sorry, I'm saying sales but awards. Obviously that's important. We're getting awards. The pandemic came and you see that especially over 2020 and early 21 the level of awards were nil, practically nothing. And if you see now where are we today, what are the level of awards that we're getting and we're getting now these last quarters, very important last quarters, we're back to our best years of awards. To our very best years of awards. So we're back on the market but we're getting awards with old customers, new customers, very much well positioned in petrochemicals, very well positioned in gas and an analysis of the jobs, very healthy, the risk. Let's do an analysis of those awards. This is an old slide and has been putting in green all the jobs that originally two quarters ago I was presenting to you on the jobs that we thought we could be awarded to us. Not they were awarded but they were well positioned either because we were selected by customers, but not awarded, or because we thought in the competition is not strong enough. I mean, and that we were only two competing and the likelihood of us is quite high. If you go through all of them, the ones in red are the ones that we've lost and we had put with no color on our previous presentation. If you go through them, you see here are 4.7 billion euros of awards, 4.7 billion with new customers in a market which is very important and very much focused in gas and petrochemicals, which are going to grow and we're going to grow with that market and everybody understands now that there's a mismatch between supply and demand of gas and petrochemicals and we're there with old customers and with the new customers. And quite likely in the few weeks we'll have good news. We do expect that some of the jobs that we're very well positioned for the end of the year and first half of next year will happen soon. So this is what I told you before that it could happen and it has happened. This is very important. So that's why I like to, it's a bit complex slide, but this is the trend of awards that have occurred give or take as we've announced to the market they could take place. So let's go to the next slide which gives us an analysis of the backlog. And an analysis of the backlog which justifies and explains when I say that we're back to benefit, we're back to a healthy level of sales. We have a backlog that 42% of the backlog are what we call reprogrammed jobs that we are negotiating with the customers to start again and to start soon. That will translate in sales into 2022. 35% is another 4 billion give or take of new products. Some of them have already come into force and some other we are in early works. Has been awarded, we started with engineering. So that they have not come fully into force as they're starting to come into force and we start finishing engineering and move into procurement it will translate in sales and sales will translate in margins and we'll be back in a profitable business. And 23% of the 3 billion of jobs that have been executed under very much impact. Most of them in construction. The ones that were engineering was easy to manage, very easy to manage a job if it was a non-engineering job. Engineering companies have managed extremely well via moving to a non-perception engineering. But if you have to manage construction it was a different story. And unfortunately we were very heavily affected. But with this split I think I'm very comfortable to say that if sales ramp up due to our reprogrammed jobs and new sales it's done, it's here. And therefore we're back into profitability. With a good pipeline. So let's talk about reality. Let's talk about what we already have. And now let's talk about, you know, everybody wonders what is PR strategy in this energy transition. I can hear the message and I don't want to go through all those lines here. I'll go forever and I'm not very good at it. Is that today we can confirm that we are starting to be, if not we are, a relevant actor in this transition.

We have real projects and real customers, not only, you know, not only proposals, we have real projects with G-Dynamics, with Swiss Think, with our foundation, with Repsol, with SoriLox, with Enagaz, we have real projects and we're becoming a real actor in this transition. And we've done this in a complex year, let me tell you. The management had to focus in managing COVID, had to focus in managing jobs, had to focus in trying to collect from customers. So in this transition, we have placed ourselves and positioned ourselves very close already of a profitable business. So we move a step forward, and that step forward is now we want to be and we are proactive, extremely proactive in this market. We know as we're sitting with customers, we know as we're sitting with infrastructure funds and helping and supporting them. And there is money, there is money that our customers and ourselves we need to capture. And we're putting together a strong and aggressive strategy. A strategy trying to design with customers how to decarbonize their industries and their plants. Sitting with customers and sitting with new companies in developing green ammonia, low-carbon shipping technology. Sitting with customers and sitting with infrastructure funds in developing technologies and helping to escalate technologies, monetize methane emissions. And obviously sitting with customers, all customers and new customers and funds in developing the technology of electrolysis technology. Trying to develop with some new and fresh companies. Because I think that's probably the bright idea and we've got to try and scale it. So the answer is we're taking a very proactive activity. We have structured ourselves as a very strong division. And the message, and I'm quite sure that we can, we want and we will be a very important catalyzer to develop this technology. So I'm extremely positive that very soon and sooner than later it will be a very important division of TR. And now let's talk, everybody's wondering, you know, the fourth reason why I'm positive. I'm positive because we have the support of the Spanish government. And with the support of the Spanish government and back what I was in 2019, when I was ready to capture a market and have a sales figure of above 5 billion euros. So, you know, SEPI, which is called in the Spanish government through the support scheme and with the development of the European Union, you know, confirms that we are strategic for the Spanish economy and support us with 175 million of hybrid equity loan and with another ordinary loan of 165 million. And we do expect, as we're working very closely day to day with the Spanish government, that those funds will be disbursed, you know, before year end. So it's good news. You need the balance sheet, you need the strength, you need to give comfort to investors and customers and you need a backup and we've got it already. So that was the fourth reason why, you know, we are well prepared to go back to profit. And this translates in guidance. Obviously we are 15th of November and on 15th of November I cannot say that this is going to happen in three weeks. I mean nothing is happening in three weeks. That's why I'm giving you a guidance from now to the end of the year. With sales which is going to be in the neighborhood of 3 billion. If you cannot accrue a new backlog, if you cannot accrue because you're still speaking with the customers, they reprogram jobs, obviously you cannot, it is not translated in sales yet and you cannot, it will not translate in margins. In 221. But it will definitely translate into margins, you know, as we move forward into 22. The first quarters at a slower pace, with a much stronger pace towards the end of the year, which will give us an average margin above 2%, an average sales figure above 4 billion. So that means, you know, a new awards. That's true. And it's not a challenge for me. I don't think it's too challenging having, you know, again repeating awards of another 4 billion. So the guidance for 222 is not that challenging. It's doable and we'll see the progress of this guidance as we move forward towards the second, third and fourth quarter of the year. And obviously you might be wondering where you go forward as you get the new awards and then move forward to stabilize the business on a sales figure of 5 billion. We had it before. Awards of 5 billion we've done it before. And I think the market and the pipeline is much stronger and far more demanding today than it was in 2017, 18 and 19. Much stronger, far much stronger. And let me tell you, probably less risky, less risky because of the pace of the demand. And an average EBIT above 4%. You might be wondering if I'm being stingy, mean or too prudent. Well, you know, the level of uncertainty still is great. I've been managing this business for 20 years. And I think it's prudent to say that about 4% margin is doable. But I would not like to give guidance above that. It's true that the new awards, they have a good margin embedded. But I think 223 is really far too long. And I think I'm done. This is my last slide. It has taken me 25 first to 30 minutes. I wanted to do it in 20. But now, you know, any questions you may pose, you know, we will answer them, you know, and give some color to this presentation. I'll answer them the better I can. Thank you very much. Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now. So if you wish to ask a question, please dial 01 on your telephone keypad. Our first question comes from the line of Alejandro Vigil from Best Severe Securities. Please go ahead. Yes, hello, Juan and Eduardo. Thank you for taking my questions. A couple of questions to start the discussion. One is about the midterm target of guidance of 5 billion euros and 4% EBIT margin. What is the time horizon for this kind of business environment? 24 months? More than that? Yes. And what kind of mix are you expecting in these sales in terms of energy transition projects? I don't know, 15%, 20%, 30% of the total? That would be the first one. And the second one is about the SEPI financial support. The final number is bigger than the one announced in July. Why is that? And second is in the statement there is a comment about the potential equity commitment by SEPI in case of a capital increase. If you can elaborate on that. Is SEPI your anchor investor for a potential capital increase? And when could this be executed? Thank you. Let me go one by one, but I think you've asked all the questions everybody wants to hear with your three questions. Alejandro, thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for your questions. First question, midterm guidance. I mean, I'm talking about our ambition and I think at the pace that we're getting the new and fresh backlog, the quality of the backlog and bringing forward all those jobs that had been reprogrammed, it's a number of 223. I mean, we have to target 223 to go back to numbers and to margins that we previously served. And that's the guidance, 223. Thank you. The mix itself of energy transition, I think energy transition is going to have an impact but it's not going to be a volume business. It's going to be very much, it's going to impact in terms of margin, I don't know how much, small 10%, 15%. It would allow us to do margins but it's going to be very much a service business. Everything having to do with new technologies, new projects, it cannot be structured as an EPC. Obviously, because it cannot, it cannot, I mean,

EPC. Obviously, because you cannot put a price on a new technology having to do with hydrogen or having to do with... So it would be either cost plus or service. So we would always manage the business to develop our engineers, to catalyze the business and improve our margins, as you see, profit and low level of sales. But it would not signify a large percentage of sales. Probably, you know, you will see an improvement of the margins as we start rendering good services relative to this part. So why 340 and not 290? We had said before. You know, 290 was, you know, in July we decided to make it public and we decided with our government to make it public probably. That was the number we were analyzing. That was the number that we needed. That was the best number we could come out to put us back where we were before. Because we want to be back equity-wise where we were before. And for the same reason that the virus and the different variants are live, the analysis we were doing, you know, very much with CEPI allows us to see that a good number was not 290, it was closer to 340. Both things were alive, costs had been alive. You know, we have gone through extra costs and therefore the number has grown. And I think this is the final and good number. So it's an analysis, like two last figures, cost with virus and then government support. The equity conversion as a catalyzer, it has nothing to do with equity conversion or it has to do with catalyzer. It is, you know, we have, we're going to, CEPI is a partner with a hybrid for four years. Having CEPI as a partner for four years, we have talked, when we talked to customers, we have talked to customers in August, September, October and November, that is good. That is good to be partner of the government. And here what we have is the option in the near or future, more likely in the future term, once we pay back. Once we're back by all means where we were before to continue having our government partner with a small percentage, with a small legacy, because some of our competitors have it. Because we think that commercially speaking, make sense. Especially in a world that is changing extremely rapidly. And we have competitors in France, competitors in Italy, competitors in Korea, you know. And it's an option. So it's an option that we have today and we don't want to have it in four year times. And it's a good option that we get from the government to support the growth of PR if we have continued. You don't solve any experience with $35 million, but it gives us the health and the strength of having the support of the Spanish government. Let me tell you, many of our customers, you know, appreciate that. Okay. So this is just, sorry to follow on this. It's not that you're planning, you know, a capital increase is just an option in the long term for SEPI to be part of this potential capital increase. It is, it is, it is obviously the fund, the pure fund has to go through hybrid. But if we have to, and that's the terms we have to, and we plan to, and we're quite comfortable we will repay back in four years, as explained before. But we like to have the option and the government agrees to it to continue having SEPI as a partner. Because it gives credibility and it puts us in a similar position to some of our competitors. All right. Understood. Thank you very much. And the next question comes from the line of James Thompson from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Right. Good afternoon, Juan. Thank you very much for your presentation there. I just have another question, but just following up on Alejandro's questions there. In terms of the $35 million commitment, I mean, is this what you're saying is that this will be only decided at the end of the four and a half years? And will it only happen if you also at the same time do some sort of capital increase at that time? So I just wondered if you could confirm that is just a right at the end of the period type decision, firstly. I mean, we have no idea when are we going to convert it, if ever. But we have four years. It could be months or it could be in four year time. But today we haven't got SEPI, I'm sorry, in our structure, but it's very well known we're going to have it. And let me tell you, it's quite nice and healthy to visit our customers. And you have to go through how many would we've got in August, September, October and November. And we came to the conclusion they could be good, could be good. We don't know. Let's see what happens to continue having them as a shareholder, small shareholder as a shareholder. You might give some colour. You can analyse the sort of customers that we have to serve. Huge national oil companies and very often requesting public finance, structural finance, export finance. Well, I think if we thought that it's not very well developed, we thought it could give some colour to TR's balance sheet. OK, OK, thank you. My question really was, I just wanted to talk about this kind of, you know, firstly, improvement in margins. You know, when you give them the presentation, obviously, you know, four and a half billion euros of projects there or thereabouts are obviously or have been reprogrammed or stopped and now need to be restarted. So, I mean, I guess the question is how have you or what confidence can you give us that Technigas has managed to negotiate, to offset things like inflation that we're facing at this point in time in these projects? What sort of confidence can you give us that these four and a half billion are actually going to be able to generate margins as you head into kind of later part of 2022 and into 2023? And, you know, alongside that, you know, maybe you could give us a bit of a flavour in terms of kind of the working capital side of things or how cash should progress. I mean, if this is the case that these projects have stopped and are now restarting, so, you know, probably quite a long way from potential milestone payments. Is it sort of fair to assume that, you know, we shouldn't really see much of an improvement in net cash until kind of 2023 type time frame or maybe just some colour about how you think that may well evolve over the coming quarters? That would be great. Thank you. I mean, we are sitting and in this case with all customers, customers for projects in Asia, customers for projects in the Middle East, customers for projects in North America. And with some of them, we have already reached agreements with embedded costs and embedded costs, which has been transferred to them, obviously has to do with inflation, has to do with materials, has to do with extra costs of having to reprogram again and launch the job. With others, we're very close. And with others, which is beginning, because which has been announced that they like to sit with us. And let me tell you, it's much easier to sit down with a customer in today's market than you have a real job and there has been reprogrammed to their benefit. It's much easier to sit down with them and see how you can accelerate that job and negotiate a contract or some payment terms, milestones and costs that we've been going through the market and trying to bid for a new job. This is something that both customers, I'm not going to name it, and suppliers have to sit down and agree. And I'm quite confident that in some cases are real rich agreements, to name it with, and some others sooner than later will reach an agreement and a settlement. But, you know, it's, you know, having reprogrammed jobs and having to restructure yourself with an unwanted problem that we had. Now, obviously, we have another problem that we have to sit down and we negotiate with them. But it's a better problem. It's an easier solution. And we happen to be successful and we will. We program jobs

We happen to be successful and we will, with new jobs coming into force, will translate into a far better working capital towards the second half of next year, as it was before. Okay, so the second half of next year, I mean, that's relatively quick, I suppose, if you've got kind of 8 billion if you include the new projects sort of just starting up now. I mean, you have to realize the project has been awarded. From being awarded, you have to come into force. When the project comes into force, you start doing engineering, very little impact when you start engineering in terms of working capital, very little because you are accruing engineering. As you move forward, you start reaching milestones, you have to place orders, and it translates into a far better working capital structure on that very specific job. And the same is going to happen with the jobs that we'll reprogram and we see the customers see how this is going to happen. That's why I say it's quick. We've been starting to work with them in October, and I'm talking about second half of next year. Okay, thank you very much, Juan. Appreciate your answers and your presentation. And the next question comes from the line of Francisco Ruiz from Exam. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. I have two questions. The first one is still on the cash position. Do you think that with the current cash and many of the recovery that you have just talked about in the second half of next year would be enough to finance the strong ramp up that you're going to have for 4 billion sales next year, 5 billion sales on the following? Or would it be easier to make a capital increase right now in order to be more comfortable to finance this expansion? And the second question is if you could tell us if you have any significant impact from this scarcity of materials due to the price cost or how you are going to deal with the raw materials inflation in the coming quarters. Okay, thank you, Francisco. Cash position, obviously we're getting 340 million of cash, not equity, cash, pure cash. And I think that put us in a very comfortable position to manage the growth in awards and sales. It's good. And that's the analysis. That's why we fronted up from 290 to 340. And that's why I said in the 4 point that it gives me the comfort that today I had the awards, new awards are coming. And I'm back where I was with a huge backlog at the end of 2019. So if the answer is if this is enough to achieve the 2022 guidance, the answer is yes. Inflation of raw materials. I've shown you the backlog. If the backlog is the old jobs, the ones that were impacted, there is no inflation of raw materials. They're under construction. The ones that are being awarded, they'll just be fine. And there is no impact, a very little impact of raw materials. And obviously in the jobs, there have to be restructure or there have to be renegotiated. That is impacted with one by one, customer by customer. There are not that many customers and there are not that many jobs to accommodate raw materials. You have to realize that some of those jobs, equipment was already bought. And the equipment was bought and they're being preserved in the site. In some other bulk material, which is something you buy at the very beginning in Westport, some equipment in Westport. And then, you know, partially paid with Westport. So even in the restructured jobs, a very large percentage of the impact in raw materials was already, you know, it was part of the job. It was already paid or was already agreed, was already closed or etched. In the remaining one, now we're speaking with the customers to see we can accommodate in a new way that impact. That is manageable. Okay. Thank you very much. The next question comes from the line of Kevin Roger from Kevlar Chevrolet. Please go ahead. Yes, good evening. I would have two questions, please. The first one is related to the short term because you are guiding basically for something like 900 million euro of revenue for Q4 if you want to achieve more than 3 billion revenue in Q4. I was wondering if you can give us some metrics with us to confirm the recovery in your activity because you were mentioning during the presentation the number of people that are confined, isolated, under quarantine, etc., etc. So can you share with us some metrics in, let's say, this week compared to two months ago to show what is the trend in your activity right now? And the second question, sorry for that one, but I mean you have been talking about a nice backlog, good quality backlog, etc., since quite a few quarters now. When you look at 2022, you are guiding for a 2% EBIT margin, so far away from what you were expecting previously. So what did you include in this 2% EBIT margin? What are your main assumptions for this 2%, please? Hi, Kevin. You know, you're talking about metrics. And I think in the presentation, the reason that I give you an example of one single job where we had to manage reduction from 20,000 to 5,000 workers with, you know, 6,000 workers under quarantine. That's one job. And do an analysis. I don't think I'm going to start naming the different jobs that we had in the Middle East in similar situations. So it's very difficult to come up with metrics. This is the real metrics. And the important metrics is we managed that. And we managed that, and we are successfully progressing in those jobs. And we are successfully delivering those jobs. That's the important thing about these metrics. And it's very difficult to come out with the real figure on a quarterly basis in this business. And it has been extremely difficult for us and difficult as well what's going to happen. So the metric of our guidance of 221 is that this whole thing is passed or is passing and that our jobs are progressing at an adequate pace. And our customers, we're negotiating with them to accelerate milestones that we're getting paid. So that allows me to say, okay, obviously I have six months to finish the year. And with those metrics, I can finish this next quarter at a break-even basis. And this is the important thing. And that break-even, my message is it's a positive break-even. I mean, it's positive to finish at break-even with a self-level as low as we've got. So it's ticket, or at least I take it as good news. Some analysts may not like it because there are six or seven years way above or below. But this is good news. We've managed this business under incredible uncertainty and stress. And we've managed it extremely well, by the way. This is good news. And the second question is the quality of the backlog. The quality is very good. And the margin embedded in the backlog is good. But the sales figure would not increase, no ramp-up. I mean, we had in the last two quarters of 221, we cannot go to four. It will increase little by little. A sales figure will increase. And we are able to accrue the new jobs. They have to come into force. To give you an example, the big capital job that was awarded to us, and it's going to be bigger than announced because there are a lot of – we've already announced there are a lot of options that have to be included as the customer works with the other engineering companies. We are getting paid starting of the engineering. We're getting paid because it still hasn't come fully into force because all the options have to be precisely reflected into the contract. So the early job came into force at the end of September. So you have to – jobs take a while to come into force. They're good jobs. They're good projects. But we would not be able to accrue those jobs with their embedded margin. And let me tell you, there are good margins. There's very much risk until the second half of next year. So it's going to take a while. The good thing is we've got it. We have the backlog. And the PR franchise has remained as strong as before with a good level of awards.

strong SP4 with a good level of awards. Thank you. And we have one question left from Alvaro Lenda from Alantura Equities. Please go ahead. Hi, thanks for taking my question. First on guidance, you're looking for $5 billion mid-term. If I am not mistaken, you've only reached such an amount one year. What makes you confident that you can reach this, especially if you've stated that energy transition contracts will likely come with a lower size but higher margin? So that would be my first question. Second one is regarding the agreement with CEPI. The release, it says that you have committed to executing some kind of strategic plan that includes energy transition, diversification in different geographical regions, and cost cutting and so on. I wanted to know whether this refers to the transformer plan that is already in place or whether you are working on another strategic plan with the CEPI. And lastly, if we look at the net cash position, it has reduced by roughly $180 million quarter on quarter, while the increase in working capital has only explained about $150 million. So there's a big difference, and I understand that those $90 million that you stated, that was just a one-day difference between collecting and not collecting it, that would be already included in the working capital. So other than the working capital, the reduction in cash seems significantly higher than your net loss. So whether you could provide some more color on whether you are paying off some of the provisions that you've done during the year or what explains this decline in the net cash position. Thank you very much. Okay, Alvaro. Sorry to keep you waiting. I think I'm trying to organize how to answer. It's a mix of questions. The first one you're asking, you're talking about our transformer plan and our project with CEPI or strategy with CEPI, whether it's the same or not. I'm not sure what the question is, but let me tell you, transformer plan is something we worked very hard in 2019, continue working in 2020. And our agreement with CEPI, obviously, CEPI liked it. Obviously, we liked it. And in our strategy with CEPI, everything that we had worked on transformer plan is already embedded of it. There is no difference between transformer and CEPI. I mean, transformer is the plan of TR, you know, being able to structure ourselves to grow and to become a far more cost-effective company. And at the same time, provided that we have some auditors, how we could capture and de-risk part of the business, capture some other markets and de-risk part of the business. It's not an obligation. It's a good plan. And it's a plan that we had before and we have improved and we have talked to CEPI. And we always do. That's the natural way of managing it. The second question you were talking about guidance. Guidance of the $5 billion of sales. Obviously, if you crunch numbers, if we have awards, and they come into force this year, above $4 billion, and they're going to be above $4 billion, and we have awards, only we have awards slightly above $4 billion. Next year, by the time sales are accrued, we're going to be reaching the $5 billion in terms of sales. You know, that's just accrued. You know, only with the remaining backlog and the awards. So $5 billion, if we get those levels of awards, $5 billion, we're going to be very, very close, if not above. We've done it before. And we've done it before for several periods. We had the backlog to do it. You just only have to look at the level of sales that we had at the end of 2019 and try to play with those numbers and to see what we had been our level of sales with that backlog in 2020. And that's what I said many months ago. We had put the business, we've organized our sales for a business for a level of sales way above $4 billion. So it is a guidance, but it's a guidance that I do feel comfortable to reach. And the last question has to do with the falling cash, 19 million falling working capital. I'm a little confused. All I can tell you, those 19 million is a down payment. They should have come in during the month of September. And for some reason, more administrative bureaucratic came in on the 1st of October. So I don't think it's part of the working capital. It's just 90 million cash payment having to do with the non-payment of a job that has just started. But if you want to get into detailed numbers, I would advise you to call our investor relations and then you get into details. Because probably I'm not the right person to give you the best and detailed answer. Thanks a lot, Alvaro. Thank you very much for the call. And if there are no further audio questions, I'll hand it back for any closing remarks. Okay. Thank you. Thank you to all of you for listening to the presentation. It will be longer than expected. I tried to rush, but I was not able to. And thank you for all the questions, which help us, me in particular, to clarify the presentation. Thanks a lot, and I'll see you for sure in three months' time, February.

