 This is Eduardo San Miguel.
 Welcome to this third quarter, 2021 result presentation that will be conducted as always
 It will take us in like 20 minutes and you can post your questions in the Q&A session
 That comes after the speech.
 and I'll give the room to Mr. Juan Jaro.
 Hello everyone, I have a presentation that if I want to make it in 20 minutes, I like to make it in 20 minutes
 I have to go fast and be precise, so I'll try to go fast through my slides and then
 Do you need some color to this presentation?
 I'm sure you will be get it through the Q&A session at the end.
 Okay, this presentation is structured basically in two points, is what are we today, you know,
 were all very cool results that you've already gone and read that we are giving a guidance
 So they know the year of a boy given.
 And that break, even how it has been impacted,
 which I think we've always talked about covered and uncovered.
 But I think now that I've seen, you know, in the back of us, I think it was an analysis
 and what was the impact, you know, of our operations
 and how it has been impacted ourselves, margin, and obviously cash position.
 position. Once we go through that, which are the numbers and the analysis of those numbers
 What we'll go to, I think, is extremely important.
 How do I see to 22 and, you know, and we move forward?
 Why are we well-sufficient and very well-resourced to benefit from these new awards and the market?
 You know, and then at brief summary, we have to go through awards.
 I mean, we're well-positioned because we have strong awards, quality, excellent quality,
 and well-developed risk.
 You know we came with the problems and excuses and started to the end of 220 with all the
 So, the factor that we had had been reprogrammed now is the opposite, we sit with our customers
 how we can bring, you know, all those jumps again to 222 for many of the jumps they had
 and forward to 223.
 all those restarting, you know, jobs, which is close to four billion.
 This is a big figure of being reprogrammed back to reality.
 I'm positive that the talk of the future
 because it's a really, you know,
 too many world decisions in what we call energy transition.
 We have customers, we have contracts, and we're taking it very approachable.
 and taking it brought to you for all these good,
 and we'll talk about that later.
 And very important, because now we've
 the safety agreement that we do expect the funds to come in shortly, we'll financial
 in fact, where we were at the end of, you know, 2019, where we had, you know, organized
 GR to grow with a deep fat drug that we have.
 So, you know, these four points allow me to be positive and say that I would assume a
 work position and work resource, you know, to go back to benefits, you know, growth and
 and marking trends.
 that will be survived on my output.
 and guide it.
 The first part, as I said before, is impacted of COVID.
 You know, sometimes I was a bit bored, you know, about this slide, because, you know,
 is one of those things that all of us think that we can't do.
 But I think it was due to an analysis.
 You know, some companies have more impact, some others have less impact.
 You know, we happen to be the ones that have more.
 because of the stage over the back of the,
 We've got a new stage of a progress project.
 It worked.
 We had a pre-
 which in my case is where the middle is.
 So we had big impact in the managing of the site,
 mobilization and demobilization, I'll come up with an example afterwards.
 Obviously, big impact in managing the manpower and logistics, you know, lack of flights, these are problems.
 Delay of the equipment.
 Quarantines will give you some examples and obviously the managing of subcontractors with the delays and claims.
 And that translates into how do we manage the project, which is at the end of the day
 I've been able to progress, are we reaching the milestones, are we getting paid?
 Well, billing has been difficult.
 building a consortium stage with the delays and not being able to reach milestones that we had by contract.
 It was very difficult.
 In some cases, we have been successful in restructuring the medical, some others not.
 But of course, today's progress is back to the trend that it was before.
 And obviously that those difficulties can always be resulted if we have good customers
 in face-to-face negotiations.
 But it's too difficult to zoom or through teams or through all those new means that
 we are very proud of, which is good but not the result complex.
 same with change orders. We have a great loss of change orders with customers and we're
 and moving forward quite successfully with them.
 that those change orders will be translated and impass
 the end of the project as they always are.
 So there's all the impacts involved of balance sheet
 of our projects, working capital, and passion.
 of site problems, non-problematic logistics, and project management.
 And I think this is extremely well explained
 with one example.
 Let's look at these graphs, and this, to give you an idea,
 I don't want to put the name of the customer who's not here and the name of the project
 that I can tell you it's in the Middle East.
 And it's a billion plus, but it's high.
 And it's a project that he was planned, and this is the first graph that he was planned by early 2021
 to have manpower working on the site above 20,000 workers.
 The reality is that at that time we only had 5,000 and probably many of them under quarantine.
 Let's move on if you have so few people. What was the progress?
 Let's look into the blue line again, and let's go to the next slide if you go to the same date, you know
 Early 2-21.
 obviously a progress on that job should have been close to 80% with, you know, with the
 billing, you know, and the cash comes behind the progress.
 Obviously, the progress at that stage of the 21 was of the 20%.
 And that is – and with those two years, we have to manage the progress.
 We have to –
 obviously with a customer, suppliers, and subcontracts.
 And let me give you some quick data, whether that's
 It means that we had to manage, on that very specific job, more than 1,700 positive cases
 on site.
 We have to manage current times of close to 6,000 workers in that same site, and this is a realistic case.
 This is not theory, which translates in more than 70,000
 mandate lost
 to those quarantines.
 and why so many crimes?
 because we had to do more than 500 PRs a day.
 Well, we have to go to that, and this is one example that if you do an analysis,
 I don't want to do it now in public about the jobs that we had in the Middle East.
 What was the backlog of the jobs that we had in the Middle East, you know, and we had in
 We had in Saudi Arabia, we had in Emirates, and we had in Oman.
 You know, you may imagine, you know, we've gone through difficult times.
 So let me tell you, difficult time, extremely successfully managed.
 by our team and with a good relationship with our customers.
 But with an impact, an impact in sales, an impact in costs, and an impact in cash.
 And impacting sales, then it's extremely well seen in this, because the backlog is what it is.
 And some of people are saying, well, you have so many such huge sales with such a big background.
 But I think it is very well explained in this slide.
 If you go to the end of 2019,
 We have a level of sales which goes to 1.3 billion euros.
 You know, we went to bed, let me tell you, at the end of that quarter, quite happily.
 You know, TR would have gone through the oil and gas crisis.
 I was back to group.
 if you go to the next, the last two quarters,
 we have in a week seven hundred million euros
 which is give or take, sell, steer, you know,
 goes to up 40% to 45%.
 lower. It's not easy to manage your business when you sell to your, you know, you know,
 lowers down to up 40% what you had before.
 And we've done it well, and that's why they break even here.
 That translates, you know, lower sales, it has an impact in margin and obviously, it makes the management of working capital quite tight.
 Quite tight, as I think is reflected in the next slide.
 This quarter we had a negative 91 million euros at the end of September it was it was
 This September, it is true that it was already a month of recovery.
 within months or a plan with using all the collection
 from our customers and we were ready back in business to pay our suppliers.
 We needed to run, to progress on construction, and to reach those desirable milestones with
 all customs. And that was her plan and continues to be her plan as COVID, the real COVID is
 And obviously, with that plan, you know, if it's tight, then we need to run, and the level of health
 failed having reached the level that we had before.
 Obviously, we can run through mismatches, and we run into mismatches, mismatches of
 one day, that, you know,
 collection of one day of $90 million that we adjusted at U.T. right below the negative
 You know, you know, there was a collection of 90 million that we would have shown if
 you go...
 Bye now.
 I don't want to use the name for the term adjusted anymore, because I want to go back to reality
 of practically having a, you know, a break even dash figure.
 And that translates into the third quarter result.
 The third quarter result of a level of sales quite low, quite low as I explained before,
 despite of the backlog and despite of the awards, you know,
 as progress is slow, has been slow through September,
 improving now, little by little that we've proven.
 and an nabbit, and a real nabbit, therefore, of zero.
 and it is a break even quarter.
 And we do expect next month to have a similar figure.
 I guess we do expect to finish the year with the two break-in and quarters.
 This is, you know, with that level of sales, this is the reality and this is the real non-adjusted
 Adjust it.
 And this is not just an epic result.
 Good news that, you know, market has picked up and the level of sales, we go through that
 afterwards.
 The level of sales has improved, I'm sorry, the level of sales, the level of awards,
 or even take part in groups substantially.
 year to date and we do think we're going to grow a little bit. We have 7.7 billion awards
 which is way above four billion dollars,
 which is very much, you know, the positive number,
 The good side of the number that I was expecting to see, you know, as a very beginning of the year, you know,
 We thought that the market was good.
 I don't see how much credibility would have been to the market.
 There was a challenge that I could reach in the 4 billion,
 and those for billions are here, which give us the back lock,
 very healthy backlog of $10.4 billion.
 So, well, we have a break, even two quarters,
 but we're back in business.
 with a good or immediate and a very strong back lock.
 The backlog that I think is worth to do some analysis.
 And with that, with that type block, let's go with the second part of the presentation.
 Why are we well positioned and well resourced to benefit from this backlog and to benefit
 for this new market.
 First of all, because your franchise is something.
 It's very healthy as it's been reflected in the 4 billion of new awards.
 If you go one by one, you can see the quality and how those services are in some cases
 extremely risky.
 Two, because obviously it was difficult when you have awards, and we had it in 2019.
 And to reprogram, it has an impact in the balance sheet.
 It has an impact in our resources.
 if it has any effect on repression.
 Well, now we're sitting with those customers,
 With some of them we have already concluded and we will be starting the 4 billion Euros
 That's good news.
 that the faker reason that allowed me to say
 It would be a very well-positioned.
 because probably 12 months ago, you know, energy transition was more an idea than a reality.
 Now it's a real it's a reality and if I was telling you 12 months ago that we were well positioned because we had to know
 how we had this killed, we had the ingenious.
 Now I can tell you that I have the customers, and those customers, and I have the projects
 And very soon, I have it filled at the margin.
 And for that growth, we have this time of government.
 You have this Biden government that confirms
 that they want to help us to grow and put us back
 who we were in 2019.
 That's the message.
 So this is the full main reason why I'm positive and why I'm telling you there will be a well-positioned
 to grow and go back to what is more important to a real benefit, you know, to a real profit.
 We're talking about, we're talking about a wood.
 Why I'm positive I would and I think this is like I think I think it's a good one
 This one is one of the ones that I really like.
 What was of our business is very difficult to measure on quarterly sales.
 We've done it. We've done it. And this is like what we see with the quarry sales start in 2017 that we were having in this business.
 You know, obviously, we have an average of way above 1 billion euros, you know, and
 half...
 having, you know, sales of 1.2, 1.2, very high level of sales, way above 1 billion, 1.3.
 Award, I'm not, I'm not sorry, I'm saying self, but our awards, obviously, that's important.
 We're getting our awards.
 The pandemic came, and you see that especially over 2020 and early 2021, the level of awards
 or Neil.
 but if you need nothing.
 And if you see now, what are we today?
 what are the level of awards that we're getting and we're getting now these
 He's lost his quarters.
 The very important last three quarters is we're back to our best years of wood, to our very
 best years of wood.
 So we're back on the market, but when we get in the woods with all customers, new customers,
 Very much is, you know, very much well-positioned in the chemical, very well-positioned in that.
 and an analysis of the jumps very healthy to risk.
 And let's do an analysis of those awards.
 This is an old slide that has been, you know,
 putting in green all the jobs that originally,
 Two quarters ago, I was presenting to you on the jobs that we thought it could be a word to us.
 Now there were awards that we were well-positioned, either because we were selected by customers,
 but not a word, all because we thought in the competition
 It's not strong enough.
 I mean, and we're only two competing, and the likelihood of us is quite high.
 If you go through all of them, the ones you've read are the ones we've lost, and we have
 put with not color, for this presentation,
 So if you go to them, you see here are 4.7 billion euros of awards, 4.7 billion with
 new customers in a market which is very important and very much focused in gas and petrochemicals
 which are going to grow, and we're going to grow with that market, and we, everybody,
 I'm just testing out that it's a mismatch between supply
 and demand of gas and petrochemicals, and we're there.
 We're there with the new customers and with the new customers.
 In quite lightly in the few weeks, we'll have good news.
 We do expect some of the jumps that will be very well positioned for the end of the year
 And first half of next year, well, we'll have to soon.
 So this is what I told you before that it could happen.
 Any haphazard, this is very important.
 So that's why I like to, I don't, I don't,
 It's a bit complex, it's like, but this is the trend
 of awards that have occurred, give or take as we've
 announced to the market, they could take base.
 So let's go to the next slide, which gives us an analysis of the backlog.
 And then now this is the backlog which justifies and explains when I fail that I will back
 benefit will back to a healthy level of sales.
 We have a backlog, that's 42% of the backlog,
 or what we call reprogram jobs.
 that we are negotiating with the customers to start again
 and to talk to you soon.
 That will translate in sales into 20, into 22.
 35% is another $4 billion dilute of new products.
 Some of them have already come into force, and some other, we don't know, early works.
 That's been awarded.
 We started with engineering, but they have not come
 food into force as they are starting to come into force and we start finishing engineering
 and moving to proximity with translating cells,
 and sales which are taking margins and will be back in a profitable distance.
 and 23% of the 3 billion of jobs that have been executed on their property.
 And there are much in most of them in construction.
 the ones that were engineering with easy to manage, very easy to manage a job if it was
 It's a non-engineering job.
 Our engineering companies have managed extremely well
 we are moving to a non-percential engineering,
 But if you have to manage concession, it was a different story, and unfortunately, we were very heavily affected.
 But with this split, I think I'm very comfortable to say that the self-grant top, you know,
 you know, do two-up reprogram jobs and new sales, it's done, it's here.
 And therefore, we're back into our profit appeal,
 with a good pipeline.
 Let's talk about reality. Let's talk about we are ready.
 And now let's talk about, you know, everybody wonders,
 What is your strategy in this?
 energy transition.
 I can hear the message and I don't want to go through up all those lines here. I'll go forever and I'm not good at it
 is that today we can confirm that we are starting to be,
 if not we are a relevant actor in this transition.
 We have real projects and real customers.
 Not only, you know, not only proposals,
 We have real projects with GDynamics, which we think is our foundation.
 We have, with Repsol, with Insuridox, within our gas, we have real projects and we're becoming a real actor in this transition.
 And we've done this in a complex scheme, let me tell you.
 where management has to focus in managing COVID,
 have to focus in managing jobs,
 have to focus in trying to collect from customers.
 So in this transition, we have played ourselves
 and position of sales very close already to of a profitable business.
 We move a step forward, and that step forward is now what we want to be, and we are proactive.
 It's too many proactive in these markets.
 We know as we sit in with customers.
 We know, as we've been with the infrastructure funds,
 and help it and support them, and there is money.
 there is money that our customers and ourselves need to capture.
 And we're putting together a strong and aggressive strategy.
 A strategy trying to defend with customers how to decognize their industries and their
 sit in with customers and sit in with new companies in developing green ammonia for
 local and shipping.
 sitting with customers and sitting with the infrastructure funds in developing technologies
 and helping to escalate technologies, monetize, and emissions.
 And obviously it's meeting with customers, old customers, new customers, and funds in developing the technology of electrolysis, you know, technologies, you know, trying to go develop with some new and fresh companies.
 Because that's probably the right idea, and we've got to win a house in trying to escalate this.
 So the answer, we're taking a very proactive activity.
 We have to structure ourselves as a very strong division.
 and the message that I'm quite sure that we can, we want,
 And we will be a very important capitalizer, you know,
 It's a lot of peace.
 So, I'm extremely positive that very soon and sooner than later, it'll be a very important
 addition of TR.
 And now let's talk, everybody's wondering, you know, the fourth reason why I'm passing here.
 Yeah, I'm fine with this.
 because they have the support of the Spanish government.
 And with the support of the Spanish government, and back what I was in 2019, when I was ready
 to capture a market and have a sales figure of above 5 billion euros.
 So, you know, CEPI, which is called, you know, Spanish Government, through the support scheme
 and will be developed by the European Union, you know,
 Confirms that we're strategic for the Spanish economy and support us and support us with 175 million of
 hybrid equity loan and with another ordinary loan of 165 million and we do
 expect as we work in very closely day-to-day with the Spanish government, those funds would
 be dispersed, you know, before your end.
 So it's good news.
 You need the data sheet.
 We need to give comfort to investors and customers.
 and, and, and, and you
 We need the backtrack, and we've got it already.
 so that that was before recently why, you know,
 we are well prepared to go back to practice.
 And this translate in guidance.
 Obviously, we are 15th of November.
 And on 15th of November, I cannot tell that we're going to, you know,
 this is going to happen in three weeks.
 I think it's happening in two weeks.
 why I'm giving you a guidance of break,
 given from now to the end of the year.
 with cells, which is kind of being a little heard of through billion.
 If you cannot accrue the new backlog, if you cannot accrue it because you're still
 with the customers, they will program jobs.
 Obviously, you cannot, it is not translated in self yet, and you cannot, it will not translate
 the margins.
 But it would definitely translate into margins, you know, as we move forward into 22, the
 the first quarters at a slower pace, which much stronger
 to the end of the year, which will give us an average margin of about 2 percent, an average
 It's healthier than us above for being.
 So that means, you know, a new award, that's true.
 I don't, and it's not a challenge for me.
 I don't think it's too challenging having, you know,
 Again, repeating the words of another poet.
 So, well, there's the guidance for 222.
 It's not that challenging, it's doable, and we'll see the progress of these guidance
 that we move forward, you know, towards the second, third, and fourth quarter of the year.
 And obviously, you may be wondering where you go forward, you know, as you get the new
 And I moved forward to stabilize the business on a sales figure of $5 billion.
 billion, we had it before, a world of 5 billion, we've done it before, and I think the market
 and the pipeline is much stronger and far more demanding today
 that it was in 2017, 18, and 19, much stronger,
 much stronger and let me tell you, probably less risky, less risky because of the pace
 of the demand, and an average of it above 4%.
 you might be wondering if I'm being stingy, mean,
 Well, you know, with the level of uncertainty still is great.
 I've been managing the business for 20 years and I think it's good to say that about 4%
 is doable but I would not like to give guidance about that you know the idea is true that
 your newer words, they have a good margin embedded.
 But I think 223 is really far too long.
 And I think...
 I'm done.
 This is my last slide.
 I'm taking me, well, 25 first to 30 minutes.
 I wanted to do in 20, but are now, you know, any questions you may pose, you know, with,
 you know, to answer them, you know, and give some color to these breast infections.
 I'll answer them the better I can.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now. So if you wish to ask a question, please dial 01 on your telephone keypad.
 Our first question comes from the line of Alejandro Vigio from Best of Air Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, hello, Juan and Eduardo, thank you for taking my questions and a couple of questions
 to start the discussion on one.
 It's about the mid-term target of guidance of five billion euros and four percent of
 marine, which is a time horizon for this kind of business environment, 24 months, more than
 that.
 Yes.
 And what kind of mix are you expecting in these cells
 in tests of energy transition projects, I don't know, 15%, 20%, 30% of the total.
 They'll be the first one and the second one is about the CP financial support.
 The final number is bigger than the one announced in July.
 why is that and second is in the statement there is a comment about the potential equity
 commitment by CEPI in case of a capital increase. If you can elaborate on that, is CEPI your
 or anchor investor for a potential capital increase
 and when could this be executed?
 Thank you.
 Let me go one by one, but I think you've asked
 in all the questions that everybody wants to hear
 I'll give you three questions.
 I handle them.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much for being here.
 Thank you very much for your question.
 The first question is from the guy.
 I'm talking about ambition and I think at the pace that we get in the new and fresh
 the quality of the backlog, and bringing food, you know,
 The idea, all those jobs, there had been reprogrammed.
 You know, you know, it's a number of 223.
 I mean, we have to target the 233 to go back to numbers
 into margins, that is business research,
 And then that's the guidance, it says 6223.
 Thank you.
 I think the energy transition, you know, there's going to be, it's going to have an impact
 But it's not going to be a volume business.
 There's going to be very much people in fact, in terms of margin.
 I don't know how much.
 small 10%, 15%.
 It would allow us to do the budget,
 But he's going to be very much a service business
 have a good break.
 as everything having to do with new technologies, new projects,
 It cannot be software and EPC, you know, obviously, because it cannot.
 You cannot, I mean, you cannot put a price
 on a new technology having to do with hydrogen or having to do it with...
 So we would allow us to manage the business, to develop our engineers, to catalyze the
 business and improve our margins, as you see profit and no level of sales, but it would
 not signify a large percentage of sales.
 Probably, you know, you will see an improvement of the margins as we start rendering good services ready to be started.
 Steppy Y340 and not 290 we had said before
 You know, in July we decided to make it public and we decided with the government to make
 That was the number we were on the line.
 And that was the one that I think that we needed.
 that with the best number we could come out to to put it back to what we were before.
 because we want to be back equity-wise where we were before.
 Okay.
 But for the same reason that the virus and the different variants of life, we announced
 we were doing, you know, very much with the set fee.
 I'll always see that the good number was not 290, which was 2,340.
 You know both things were aligned. Costs had been aligned.
 you know, we have, we have gone through it for us, and therefore the number has grown.
 And I think this is the final.
 And good now.
 It's an analysis of like two last figures, cost with virus and then government support.
 the equity conversion as a catalyzer, it has nothing to do with equity conversion or it
 has to do with the catalyser.
 It is, you know, we have, we're going to set you as a partner with a hybrid for four years.
 Having it is the part of four years. We have talked when we talk to customers
 We have talked to customers in other September, October and November that is good, that is
 good to be part of the government. And here what we have is the option in the near of
 future, more likely in the future term, once we pay back, once we're back, by all means,
 we will work before to continue having a government partner with a small percentage, with a small
 because some of our competitors have it,
 because we think that commercially speaking,
 especially in a world that is changing extremely well.
 And we have competitors in France, competitors in Italy,
 Comp.
 Any interruptions?
 So it's an option that we have today, and we don't want to have it in four years' time.
 It's a good option that we get from the government to support the growth of GER if we happen to need it.
 You don't, you don't, you don't solve anything with $35 million, but it gives us the health
 the strength of having the support of this kind of financial government.
 Many of our customers, you know, appreciate that.
 OK, so this is just, sorry to fall on this.
 It's not that you're planning, you know,
 capital increase is just an option in the long term for CEPI to be part of this potential
 Capitan Chris.
 It is, it is, it is.
 Obviously, the pure fun has to go through hybrid.
 but if we have to, and that's for the terms,
 we have to, and we plan to, and we're quite comfortable with what we will, we pay it back
 in four years, as I explained before, but we'd like to have the option and the government
 and agrees to it to continue having to be as part of it,
 Okay.
 and he put us in similar position to some of our competitors.
 All right. Anderson, thank you very much.
 And the next question comes from the line of James Thompson,
 from J.P. Morgan.
 Please, go ahead.
 All right, good afternoon, Han.
 Thank you very much for your presentation there.
 I just have another question, but just following up on questions there, in terms of the 35
 Is this what you're saying is that this will be only decided at the end of the four and a half years?
 And will it only happen if you also, at the same time, do some sort of capital increase at that time?
 So I just wanted you to confirm that it's just right at the end of the period type decision, firstly.
 You guys need to be prepared.
 We have no idea when are we going to convert it, if ever.
 But we have four years.
 Okay.
 or it could be for your time.
 But today we haven't got hapy sepium, sorry.
 in our structure, but it's very well known we're going to have it, and let me tell you,
 It's quite nice and healthy to visit our customers and you have to go through how many
 awards we've got in the past, December, October and November and we came to the conclusion
 They could be good.
 Could be good, we don't know, let's see what happens
 to continue having them as a show hold.
 I'm not sure what it is, I'm not sure what it is.
 You may keep some color.
 We had just arrived, they said, of course, on this day,
 we have to serve.
 And very often we question public finance,
 Structure of finance, export finance.
 Well, I think we thought that it's not very well developed.
 we thought it could give some color to TR's parachute.
 Okay. Okay. Thank you. My question really was, I just wanted to talk about this kind
 I mean, you know, firstly, improvement in margins.
 You know, when you give them the presentation, obviously, you know, four and a half billion
 Euros of projects there are there about are obviously or have been reprogrammed or stopped and now need to be restarted
 So, I mean, I guess the question is, how of you, or what confidence can you give us
 that technogasms managed to negotiate to offset things like inflation that we're facing at
 at this point in time in these projects.
 So what sort of confidence can you give us that the four and a half billion are actually
 going to be able to generate margins as you head into kind of later part of 2022 and into
 into 2023 and you know alongside that you know maybe you could give us a bit of a flavor
 In terms of kind of the working capital side of things or how cash should progress
 I mean if this is the case that these projects have stopped and are now restarting, so you
 you know, probably quite a long way from potential milestone payments, is it sort of fair to
 assume that, you know, we shouldn't really see much of an improvement in net cash until
 kind of 2023 type time frame or maybe just some color about how you think that may well
 evolve over the coming quarters. That would be great. Thank you.
 Obviously, I mean, we are sitting in this state with all customers, customers for programs
 in Asia.
 for a project in the Middle East.
 personal projects in North America, and with some of them we have already reached agreement
 With the embedded cost and the embedded cost which has been transferred to them obviously has to do with
 up inflation, have to do with materials, have to do with extra cost of having to re-program
 again and nunched the job.
 with others we're very close, and with others we choose beginning, because we choose being
 and others that they'd like to see with us.
 Let me tell you, it's much easier to sit down with a customer in today's market that you
 to have a real job and they have a program to their benefit.
 It's much easier to sit down with them and see how you can accelerate that job.
 and negotiate a contract or some payment terms.
 My students and cost
 you know, that would then go into the market and try to bid for a new job.
 You know, this is something that both customer, I'm not going to name it, and supplier, PR,
 have to sit down and agree, and I'm quite confident that some businesses are really rich agreements,
 to name it with, and some others sooner
 that letter will reach an agreement in the federation.
 But you know, having reprogrammed jobs and having to restructure yourself with the problem
 Listen, and what is the problem that we had?
 Now obviously we have another problem that we have to see down and we negotiate with them, but it's what we know, it's a better problem.
 and that we can eat your solution.
 And we happen to be successful, and we will.
 We program jobs, and new jobs coming into force
 will translate into a far better working capital towards the second half of next year.
 You know, I think it was before.
 Okay, so sort of second off next year, I mean that's relatively quick I suppose if you've
 kind of eight billion if you include the new projects sort of just starting up now.
 I mean, you have to realize that the project has been awarded.
 But from being awarded, you have to, you know, you have to, you know, you have to come into force.
 the product comes into force, it's just an engineering,
 very little impact when you start engineering in terms of working capital very little because
 you're
 As you move forward, you start reaching milestones, you have to place orders and it translates
 into a far better working capital structure.
 On that, on that is a very specific job.
 And the same is going to happen with the jobs that will be programmed and we see the customers
 to see how to generate it.
 That's why I say it's quick, and it's quick.
 been starting to work with them in October,
 and I'm talking about second half of next year, it's eight, eight, nine.
 Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate your answers
 Thank you for your presentation.
 Thank you, hand over.
 And the next question comes from the line of Francisco Ruiz from exam.
 Please go ahead.
 I'm going to start with this.
 I have two questions.
 the first one is still on the cash position. So do you think that with the current cash
 and mainly the recovery they have just talked about in the second half of next year will
 be enough to find us the strong ground power that you're going to have for billion sales
 next year, 5 billion shares on the following, or it would be easier to make a capital increase
 right now in order to be more comfortable to finance this expansion and the second question
 If you could tell us if you have any significant impact
 from this scarcity of materials due to the price cost
 or how you are going to deal with the raw materials inflation in the coming quarters.
 Okay, thank you Francisco.
 That's the decision.
 Obviously, we're getting 340 meters of cash, not a cash, pure cash.
 And I think that put us in a very comfortable position
 to manage the growth in a world and sales.
 It's good.
 that's the analysis, that's why we've
 it up from 290 to 340.
 So that's why I said the full point.
 It's the same as the one in the front.
 Today I had the awards, new awards are coming, and I'm back where it was, you know, with
 with a huge backlog at the end of 2019.
 So, if the answer is, is this enough to achieve the year 232 guidance, the answer is yes.
 inflation of raw materials.
 You know, I have to show you the backlog.
 If the backlog is, you know, the idea, the idea, all jobs,
 the ones that were impacted.
 There is no inflation of raw materials
 construction.
 The one step that are there are been a wood
 then just be fine and
 And there's no impact, a very little impact of raw materials.
 And obviously, in the jobs, there has to be restructure or there has to be a remuneration.
 There is impact that we see in one by one customer by customer.
 There's not that many customers and there's not that many jobs to accommodate raw materials
 impact.
 to realize that some of the jobs,
 equipment was already bought
 and the quimo was bought and they're being preserved in the site.
 in some other bulk material, which is something you buy at the very beginning of a spot,
 in some equipment in my spot.
 And then, you know, I'm not sure if you think it was,
 So what, even in the restructural jobs, a very large percentage of the impact in raw
 material was already, you know, it was part of the job was already paid or was already
 We agree with a really close or etched in the remaining one.
 Now we're sticking with the customers
 if we can accommodate it in a new way, that is.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question comes from the line of Kevin Roger from Kebler Chevrolet.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good evening.
 I would have two questions, please.
 The first one is rated into the short term
 because you are guiding basically for something like 900 million euro revenue for Q4 if you
 want to achieve the more than $3 billion revenue in Q4.
 I was wondering if you can give us some metrics with us
 to confirm the recovery in your activity
 because you were mentioning during the presentation
 number of people that are confined, isolated, under quarantine, etc., etc., so can you share
 with us some metrics in, like I said, this week compared to two months ago to show what
 what is the trend in your activity right now.
 In the second...
 questions, sorry for that one, but I mean, you have been talking about a nice
 good quality backlog, et cetera,
 since quite a few quarters now.
 When you look at 2022, you are guiding for 2% a bit margin, so far away from what you
 you were expecting previously.
 So what do you, did you include it in this 2% a bit margin?
 What is, let's say, what are your main assumptions for these two persons, please?
 Hi, Kevin.
 You know, you're talking about metrics.
 And I think in the presentation, the reason that I give you
 an example of one single job where we had to manage reduction from 20,000 to 5,000 workers
 without, you know, 6,000 workers under quarantine.
 There's one job.
 and do an analysis, I don't think I'm going to start naming the different jobs that we
 had in the Middle East, in single situations.
 So it's very difficult to come out with metrics.
 This is the real metrics.
 that the important metric is we've managed that.
 We manage that and we are successfully progressing in those jobs and we are successfully delivering
 those jobs.
 That's the important thing about these metrics.
 And it's very difficult to come out with the real theory
 on a quality basis in this business and it has been extremely difficult for us to keep
 And this is going to happen.
 So the metric of our guidance of 221 is that this whole thing is packed, or it's packed in,
 and that our jobs are progressing at adequate pace
 And our customers, we negotiate with them to accelerate milestones that we get paid.
 So, that allows me to say, okay, obviously, I have six months to finish the year and with
 those metrics, I can finish this next quarter, you know, at a break-even basis.
 And then, and this is the.
 .
 And that break even, my message is this positive break even.
 I mean, it's positive to finish as we're given with a self-level as low as we've got.
 So, stick it, or at least I stick it, as good news.
 and that is may not like it because there are six or seven years way above or below.
 So this is good news.
 We've managed this business under incredible uncertainty and stress, and we've managed
 extremely well.
 This is good news.
 And the second question is the quality of the backup.
 but the quality is very good and the margin embedded in the backup is good.
 But the sales figure would not increase with no ramp-up, I mean, if we had, you know,
 you know, in the next, in the last two quarters of 221.0,
 we cannot go too far.
 will increase, little by little, a cell figure will increase, and we are able to accrue the
 new jobs, they have to come into force.
 We'll give you an example.
 The big cat-tide jump that was awarded to us,
 and it's going to be bigger than announced,
 because there are a lot of who have already announced
 There are a lot of options that have to be included as the customer, you know, works
 with the other engineering companies, you know,
 is we are getting tape starting up the GG nearing, we are getting paper, CL hasn't come
 into force because all the options have to be precisely reflected into the contract.
 So what, the hourly job came into force, you know, at the end of September.
 So, you have to, you know, just take a walk to come into force.
 They're good jobs, they're good projects, but we will not be able to accrue those jobs
 with their embedded marching and let me tell you that they're good marches and very much
 the risk until, you know, the second half of next year.
 So you're going to take one.
 A good thing is we've got it.
 We have the backlog, and our franchise has remained as strong as before with a good level
 of awards.
 And I love you, I should correct you Kevin, but I tried my best.
 No, no problem.
 And thanks a lot for that.
 Thank you.
 And we have one question left from Alburo-Linda from Elantra Equities.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thanks for taking my question.
 First on guidance you're looking for five billion awards midterm if I am not mistaken you've only reached
 such an amount one year. What makes you confident that you can reach this, especially if you
 stated that energy transition contracts will likely come with a lower size but higher margin.
 So that would be my first question.
 second one is regarding the agreement with CEPI and the release, it says that you have
 committed to executing some kind of strategic plan that
 That includes energy transition, diversification in different geographical regions and cost
 cutting and so on.
 I wanted to know whether this refers to the transform
 plan that is already in place or whether you are walking on another strategic plan with
 And lastly, if we look at the net cash position, it has reduced by roughly 180 million quarter
 quarter while the increase in working capital has only explained about 150, so there's a
 big difference.
 And I am...
 understand that those 90 million that you stated that was just a one-day difference between
 collecting and not collecting it, that would be already included in the working capital.
 Other than the working capital, the reduction in cash seems significantly higher than your net loss,
 So whether you could provide some more color
 and whether you are paying off some of the provisions
 that you've done during the year or what explains this decline
 in the net cash position.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, I got it all.
 I'm sorry to keep you waiting, but I think it's, you know,
 which I'm trying to organize how to answer, because, you know,
 you know, and make no questions.
 The first one you're asking, you know,
 you talking about our transformer plans and our project
 with SAPI or a strategic with SAPI, whether it's the same or not.
 I'm not sure what the question is, but let me tell you.
 My plan is something we will work very hard in 2019, continue to work in 2020 and in 2020
 are doing with sepi obviously sepi liked it obviously we liked it and and and and
 And in our strategy with CEPI, everything that we had worked in a transformer plan is already embedded of it.
 But it's not different between transformer and therapy.
 I mean, transform is the plan of TR, you know, being able to structure cells to grow and
 to become a far more cost effective company.
 And at the same time, provided that we have some auditors,
 how we could capture and de-risk part of the business.
 up to some other markets and do each part of the business.
 It's not an application.
 It's a good plan.
 the plant that we had before and we have improved and we have stopped to set the
 And we always do.
 That's the natural way of managing it.
 The second question we're talking about guidance.
 guidance of the $500,000 per speaker.
 Obviously, if you crunch numbers, if we have awards, then they come in to force this year
 above $4 billion and if they're going to be above $4 billion and we have an award only
 we have a board, slightly above 4 billion.
 next year, by the time cells accrued,
 we're going to be reaching the five billion terms of sales.
 You know, it's just a, that's just so cool.
 You know, only with the remaining backlog and the awards.
 myself, Faberian, if we get those levels of woods,
 5 billion.
 We're going to be very, very close, if not above.
 We've done it before, and we've done it before for a certain period.
 we had the backlog to do it.
 you only have to look at the level of sales that we had at the end of 2019 and try to
 play with those numbers and to see what we had been our level of sales with that backlog
 It would have been, and that's what I said many months ago, we have put the business
 We're all going to ask ourselves for a business, for a level of sales, what we have about four
 So what? It is a guidance, but it's a guidance that I do feel comfortable to reach.
 And the last question has to do with the fall in cash,
 90 million, 30 working capital.
 I'm a little confused.
 So, all I can tell you, those 90 million, there is a down payment.
 They should have come in during the month of September, and for some reason, more administrative
 Vubu Aquatic came in on the 1st of October.
 So I don't think it's part of the working capital.
 you stop 90 million cash payment having to do with the non-payment of the job
 They have just started.
 Put up put up if you want to get into detail the numbers I would advise to you to call you know our investor relations
 and then you get into details because probably I'm not the right person to give you the best
 and detailed answers.
 So, thanks a lot, guys.
 Thank you very much for the call.
 And as there are no further audio questions,
 I'll hand it back for any closing remarks.
 Okay. Thank you. Thank you to all of you for listening to the presentation.
 to be longer than expected.
 I'd try to rush, but I was not able to.
 And thank you for all the questions which we've, you know,
 which have helped us, and me in particular,
 to clarify the presentation.
 Thanks a lot, and I'll see you for sure in three months' time, February.