 This is Eduardo Sanmiguel.
 Welcome to this third quarter 2021 result presentation that will be conducted, as always, by our chairman, Fandero.
 it will take like 20 minutes
 and you can post your questions in the Q&A session that comes after the speech.
 And now I give the room to Mr. Juan Jero.
 Hi, hello everyone.
 I have a presentation
 that if I want to make it in 20 minutes,
 I'd like to make it in 20 minutes.
 I have to go fast and be precise.
 So I'll try to go fast through my slides.
 And then if you need some color to this presentation, I'm sure you will get it through the Q&A session at the end.
 Okay, this presentation is structured basically in two points.
 what are we today
 you know
 where I was
 third quarter results that you've already gone and read
 that we are given a guidance
 of end of the year of a break even
 and that break even how he has been impacted,
 because I think we've always talked about COVID and un-COVID,
 But I think now that I've been seeing, you know, in the back of it, I think it's worth
 an analysis
 and what
 And what was the impact of our operations and how it has been impacted our sales, margin, and obviously cash position.
 Once we go through that, which are the numbers and the analysis of those numbers, we'll go
 to what I think
 important how do i see 222 you know and we move we forward why are we well positioned and very well
 resources to benefit
 from these new awards
 and the market you know
 And in a brief summary, we have to go through awards.
 I mean we're well positioned
 because we have
 Strong awards quality
 excellent quality
 and what's the risk
 You know, we came with problems and excuses and started Tuesday at the end of 2020 with all the big factor that we had had been reprogrammed.
 Now it's just the opposite.
 to be sitting with our customers, how we can bring, you know, all those jobs again to 222
 for many of the jobs they had moving forward, which is 2023.
 so all those restarting
 enough
 Jobs which is close to four billion. It's a big fear are being reprogrammed back
 To reality.
 and possibly
 but let's talk about the future
 because they're really, you know,
 extremely well-positioned in what we call
 energy transition
 We have customers, we have contracts, and we're taking a very proactive role.
 And taking it brought to you for all this good, and we'll talk about that later.
 and very important
 because now
 with the SEPIA agreement
 that we do expect the funds to come in shortly.
 we're financially back
 where we were at the end of, you know, 2019,
 where we have, you know, organized TR to grow
 with the big fat growth
 than we have.
 There we go.
 these four points allow me to be positive
 and say that I would
 to move well precision and well resourced
 you know, to go back to benefit, you know, growth and margin trends.
 And that will be summarized on my outlook.
 and guidance.
 The first part, as I said, is impacted of COVID.
 you know sometimes i think i was a bit bored you know about this slide because
 It's one of those things that all of us think we've gone through.
 But I think it's worth doing analysis.
 You know, some companies had more impact.
 Some others had less impact.
 you know
 we happen to be the ones that have more
 because of the stage of the backlog
 we've gotten the stage of our project
 and where we had a project
 which in most cases were the middle risk.
 So we had a big impact in the managing of the site, mobilization and demobilization.
 I'll come up with an example afterwards.
 obviously big impact
 in managing the manpower and logistics
 you know
 Lack of flight
 These are problems.
 delays of equipment
 Quarantines, we'll give you some examples.
 And obviously the managing of subcontractors with the delays and clips.
 And that translates into how do we manage the project, which is at the end of the day,
 Are we able to progress?
 Are we reaching the milestones?
 are we getting paid
 Well, billing has been difficult.
 building at construction stage
 with the delays and not
 Being able to reach milestones that we had by contract, it was very difficult.
 Well, some cases we have been successful in restructuring the management, some others not.
 But of course, today, progress is back to the trend that it was before.
 And obviously, those difficulties can always be resolved if we have good customers in face-to-face negotiations.
 That's extremely difficult through Zoom or through Teams or throughout, you know, all those new means that we are very proud of, which is good, but not to resolve conflicts.
 It's the same with change orders.
 We have agreed lots of change orders with customers, and we're moving forward quite successfully with them.
 But those change orders will be translated in cash at the end of the project, as they always are.
 So there's all the impacts of our balance sheet
 and of our projects on working capital and cash.
 So site problems, manpower, logistics, and project management.
 And I think this is extremely well explained with one example.
 Let's look at these graphs.
 And this, to give you an idea, I don't want to put the name of the customer.
 It's not here.
 and the name of the project
 that I can tell you
 is in the Middle East
 And it's a billion plus, but it's high.
 And it's a project that was planned, and this is the first graph that was planned by early 2021 to have manpower working on the site above 20,000 workers.
 The reality is at that time, we only had 5,000, and probably many of them under quarantine.
 Let's move on.
 If you have so few people, what was their progress?
 Let's look into the blue line again, and let's go to the next slide.
 If you go to the same date, you know, early 2021,
 Obviously, the progress on that job should have been close to 80% with, you know, with
 the billing, you know, and the cash comes behind the progress.
 Obviously, the progress at that stage, early 21, was only 20%.
 You know, and that is, and with those two CEOs, we have to manage the progress.
 We have to negotiate, obviously, with our customers, suppliers, and subcontracts.
 And let me give you some quick data.
 What does that mean?
 It means that we had to manage, on that very specific job, more than 1,700 positive cases on site.
 We have to manage
 point
 Sometimes it's close to 6,000 workers in that same site.
 And this is a realistic case.
 This is not a theory, which translates in more than 70,000 mandates lost through those quarantines.
 And why so many corners?
 because we had to do more than 500 ECRs a day.
 Well, we have to go through that, and this is one example that if you do an analysis,
 I don't want to do it now in public
 of public jobs that we had in the Middle East?
 what was the backlog of the jobs that we had in the Middle East, you know,
 And we had in Kuwait, we had in South Arabia, we had in Emirates, and we had in Oman.
 You know, you may imagine, you know, we've gone through difficult times.
 But let me tell you, difficult time, extremely successfully managed.
 by our team and with a good relationship with our customers.
 But with an impact, an impact in sales, an impact in cost, and an impact in cash.
 And impacting sales, that is extremely well seen in this, because the backlog is what it is, and you've known.
 And some people say, why do you have so many, such few sales with such a big background?
 Well, I think it is very well explained in this slide.
 if you go to a
 End of 2019, we have a level of sales which was close to 1.3 billion
 use
 And at that, you know, we went to bed.
 Let me tell you, at the end of that quarter, quite happy.
 you know,
 TR, we have gone through the oil and gas crisis.
 I was back to groups
 if you go to the next
 the last two
 quarters. We have it
 reach 700 million euros
 Which is give or take
 sales fear, you know, goes to 40 to 45 percent lower.
 It's not easy to manage a business when you sell to your, you know, lowers down to up 40% what you had before.
 And we've done it well.
 And that's why they break even fear.
 That translates, you know, lower sales, it has an impact in margin, and obviously it makes the management of a working capital quite tight.
 What type?
 as I think is reflected in the next slide.
 This quarter, we had a negative 91 million euros at the end of September.
 It was in September, it is true that it was already a month of recovery.
 It was in months where our plan was using all the collection from our customers and we were ready back on business to pay our suppliers.
 we needed to run
 to progress on construction, and to reach those desirable milestones with all customs.
 And that was our plan and continues to be our plan as COVID, the real COVID, is behind us.
 And obviously, with that plan, you know, if it's tight and we need to run, and the level of sales haven't reached the level that we had before, obviously, we can run through mismatches.
 and we run into a mismatch, a mismatch of one day.
 That, you know, cost collection of one day of $90 million
 dollars that we readjusted as you see right below the negative 921, you know, there was
 the collection of 90 million
 that we would have shown
 a figure
 and I just succeed
 I don't want to use the name
 or the term adjusted anymore
 because I want to go back to reality of practically having a, you know, a break-even cash figure.
 And that translates into the third quarter result.
 the score results of a level of sales quite low, quite low as I explained before, you
 know, despite of the backlog and despite of the awards, you know, as progress was slow,
 has been slow through september improving now little by little but improving and an
 habit and a real habit therefore of zero and it is a break-even quarter and we
 to expect next month to have
 similar figure. I guess we like to
 you know, we do expect to finish the year with two break-even quarters.
 This is you know with that level of sales
 this is
 this is the reality
 and this is the real, non-adjusted account.
 and this is not an adjusted habit result.
 Good news.
 that, that, you know,
 market has picked up. And the level of sales, we go through them afterwards, the level of
 sales has improved.
 I'm sorry, the level of sales, the level, the level, the level of awards would even take
 high-fielder groups
 year to date
 and we do
 I think we're going to grow a little bit.
 We have 7.7 billion awards, which is way above $4 billion,
 which is very much, you know, the positive number,
 the good size of the number that I would
 suspecting
 to a
 we thought the market was good
 I don't think it had much credibility when I was saying to the market.
 there was a challenge that I could reach in the 4 billion
 and those 4 billion
 are here
 which gives us the backlog, a very healthy backlog of staying born for trillion.
 So, well, we had a break even two quarters, but we're back in business with a good, ordinary
 me take
 and a very strong backlog.
 The backlog that I think is worth, you know, to do some analysis.
 And with that backlog, let's go with the second part of the presentation.
 Why are we well-positioned and well-resourced to benefit from this backlog and to benefit from this new market?
 first of all because
 your franchise is coming.
 He's very healthy as he's been reflected in the 4 billion of new awards.
 If you go one by one, you can see the quality and how those servers were, in some cases, extremely risky.
 Two, because obviously it was difficult when you have awards, and we had it in 2019, and to reprogram them.
 It has an impact in a balance sheet.
 It has an impact in all resources.
 it has an impact
 Well, now we're speaking with those customers.
 with some of them we have already concluded, and we will be starting the 4 billion euros of reprogrammed projects.
 That's good news.
 There was a second reason that allowed me to say that we were very well positioned.
 third, because probably 12 months ago, you know, energy transition was more, you know,
 It was more an idea than a reality.
 Now it's a reality, and if I was telling you 12 months ago
 that we were well positioned
 because we had the know-how, we had the skills, we had the engineers.
 Now I can tell you that I have the customers, and that's those customers, and I have the projects, and very soon I have the sales and the market.
 And for that growth, we have the Spanish government.
 You have this government that confirms that they want to help us to grow and put us back
 where we were in 2019.
 That's the message.
 So, these are the four main reasons why I'm positive, and why I'm telling you that we're
 to grow and go back
 to what is more important
 to a real benefit
 you know,
 to the real problem.
 We're taking about, we're talking about awards.
 Why, I'm passing the favor.
 and I think
 this is like, I think, I think
 it's a good one
 This one is one of the ones that I really like.
 What was of our business is very difficult to measure on quarterly sales.
 We've done it.
 We've got it, and we'll see what was the query sales
 that started in 2017 that we were having in this business.
 You know, obviously, we have an average of way above 1 billion euros, you know, and having, you know,
 Sales of 1.2 1.3 very high level of sales way above 1 billion 1.3
 Very good.
 Awards. I'm not sorry. I'm saying sales, but awards, obviously.
 that's important
 we were getting a word
 The pandemic came, and you see that especially over 2020, 2020, and early 2021, the level of awards were nil, practically nothing.
 And if you see now, where are we today?
 what are the level of awards that we're getting
 and we're getting now these last
 very important last headquarters
 is we're back
 to our best years of award, to our very best years of award.
 so we'll back up the market
 But when we get an award with all customers, new customers, very much, you know, very much
 work
 hydrochemicals
 very well-positioned in that.
 And an analysis of the jobs, very healthy, the risk.
 Let's do an analysis of those awards.
 This is an old slide that has been, you know, putting in green all the jobs that originally two quarters ago I was presenting to you on the jobs that we thought we could be awarded for.
 Not that it would have worked, but that we were well positioned, either because we were
 connected by customers
 or because we thought in the competition
 is not strong enough
 I mean, and we're only two competing.
 and the livelihood of us
 it's quite high
 If you go through all of them, they won't see right as they want to move.
 We've lost, and we had put with no color
 previous presentation because of them you see here are 4.7 billion euros of
 of awards 4.7 billion with new customers
 in a market which is very important,
 been very much focused on gas
 and petrochemicals,
 which is they're going to grow and we're going to grow with that market
 and we everybody understands now there is a big mismatch between supply and demand
 of gas and petrochemicals and we're there we're there with no customers
 and with the new customers
 And quite likely, in the few weeks, we'll have good news.
 we do expect
 some of the jobs that were very well positioned
 for the end of the year
 and first half of next year
 Well, what happens soon?
 So this is what I told you before that it could happen, and it has happened.
 This is very important.
 so that's why I like to
 I don't I don't it's a big complex it's like that. This is the trend of awards they have occurred
 give or take
 as we've announced
 to the market.
 They could take base.
 So let's go to the next slide, which gives us an analysis of the backlog.
 and then now this is the backlog
 which justifies and explains when I fail that I will be back to benefit,
 with that
 to a
 healthy level of sales.
 We have a backlog that 42% of the backlog are what we call reprogrammed jobs
 that we are negotiating with the customers to start again and to start soon.
 That will translate in sales into 22.
 35% is another 4 billion deal or take of new products.
 Some of them have already come into force and some other with an early work has been awarded.
 we started with engineering
 so that they have not come put into force as they are starting to come into force
 And we start finishing engineering and moving to procurement, we're translating sales, and sales, we're translating margins, and we'll be back in a profitable business.
 And 23% of the 3 billion of jobs that have been executed under government.
 and very much most of them in construction the ones they were engineering
 It's easy to manage, very easy to manage your job if it was a non-engineering job.
 all engineering companies have
 managing too many well
 the moving to a non-presential engineering.
 but if you have to manage
 construction, it was a different story.
 And unfortunately, we were very heavily affected.
 But with this split, I think I'm very comfortable to say that this sales ramp up, you know, due to our reprogrammed jobs and new sales, it's done, it's here.
 And therefore, we're back into profitability with a good pipeline.
 So let's talk about reality.
 Let's talk about we are ready.
 And now let's talk about, you know, everybody wonders what is TR's strategy in this energy transition.
 I can hear the message and I don't want to go through all those lines here.
 I'll go forever
 I'm no good.
 Get at it.
 is that today we can confirm that we are starting to be,
 If not, we are a relevant actor in this transition.
 We have real projects and real customers, not only proposals.
 So we have real projects with GeoDynamics, with SwissInc, with our foundation, with Repsol,
 we've been certainly not
 And then I guess we have
 through our projects
 and we're becoming a real actor in this transition.
 So we've done this in a complex shape, let me tell you.
 where management had to focus on managing COVID,
 have to focus on managing jobs,
 have to focus in trying to collect
 from customers.
 So in this transition, we have placed ourselves and positioned ourselves very close already of a profitable business.
 But we move a step forward, and that step forward is now we want to be, and we are proactive.
 extremely proactive in these markets.
 We know as we sit in with customers, we know as we sit in with infrastructure funds
 and helping and supporting them, then there is money.
 that there is money that our customers and our sales we need to capture.
 And we're putting together a strong and aggressive strategy.
 A strategy trying to design with customers how to decarbonize their industries and their plants.
 fit in with customers and fit in with new companies in developing green, ammonia,
 for local shipping
 Technology.
 fit in with customers
 and teaching the infrastructure
 funds in developing
 technologies and helping
 to escalate technologies
 monetize
 mess
 and emissions.
 And obviously, sitting with customers, old customers, new customers, and funds in developing the technology of electrolysis, you know, technology, you know, trying to go develop without some new and fresh companies.
 Because that's probably the right idea.
 and we've got to know how we're trying to escalate that.
 So the ANSI, we're taking a very proactive activity.
 we have the structure itself
 that's a very strong division
 and the message
 And I'm quite sure that we can, we want, and we will be a very important catalyser to develop this technology.
 So I'm extremely positive that very soon, and sooner than later, it'll be a very important edition of TR.
 And now let's stop.
 Everybody's wondering, you know, the fourth reason why I'm positive.
 I'm positive.
 because they have the support of the Spanish government.
 and with the support of the Hispanic government
 And back where I was in 2019, when I was ready to capture a market and have a sales seizure of above 5 billion euros.
 still, you know,
 CEPI, which is called in Spanish
 the government through the support scheme
 and what was developed by the European Union, you know,
 confirms that we are strategic for the spanish economy and support and support us with 175 million of
 hybrid equity loan
 and with another
 of 165
 And we do expect
 As we're working very closely day to day with the Spanish government, those funds will be dispersed, you know, before your end.
 So, it's good news.
 you need the balance sheet
 You need the strength.
 You need to give comfort to investors and customers, and you need a backlog, and we've got it already.
 So that was the full reason why, you know, we are well prepared to go back to process.
 And this just made in guidance.
 Obviously, we are 15th of November, and on 15th of November, I cannot say that this is going to happen in three weeks.
 I mean, nothing is happening in three weeks.
 That's why I'm giving to you a guidance of break-evens from now to the end of the year.
 with sales, which is going to be
 We're going to hear of fru Bergen.
 If you cannot accrue the new backlog, if you cannot accrue because you're still speaking with the customers,
 the reprogram job
 Obviously, you cannot.
 it is not translated itself yet
 and you cannot
 He would not translate the emergence into 21.
 but it would definitely translate
 into margins
 You know, as we move forward into 2022, the first quarters at a slower pace, which is a much stronger pace to the end of the year, which will give us an average margin above 2%, an average sales figure above $4 billion.
 It's not a challenge for me.
 I don't think it's truly challenging having, you know, again, repeating awards of another four billion.
 So that the guidance for 222 is not...
 It's not a...
 it's not
 It's not that challenging.
 is doable, and we'll see the progress of this guidance as we move forward towards the second,
 third and fourth quarter of the year.
 And obviously, you might be wondering,
 and will you go forward, you know, as you get the new awards of, you know,
 and then move forward to stabilize the business.
 On a self-sieger, 5 billion.
 we had it before
 awards of 5 billion
 We've done it before, and I think the market and the pipeline is much stronger
 I'm far more demanding today than it was in 2017, 18, and 19, much stronger.
 far much stronger
 and it
 And let me tell you, probably less risky, less risky because of the pace of the demand and an average EBIT above 4%.
 you might be wondering
 if I'm
 and if I'm being a stingy mean
 or too prudent, well, you know, the level of uncertainty still is great.
 I've been managing this business for 20 years.
 And I think it's putting to say that about 4% margin is doable,
 but I would not like to give guidance
 above that
 you know
 the idea
 It's true that the Azure woods, they have good margin embedded.
 But I think 223 is really far too long.
 And I think I'm done.
 This is my last like.
 have taken me
 Well, 25 to 30 minutes.
 I wanted to do in 20.
 But now, you know, any questions you may pose, you know, I'll try to answer them, you know, and give some color to these presentations.
 I'll answer them the better I can.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 And, ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now.
 So if you wish to ask a question, please dial 01 on your telephone keypad.
 Our first question comes from the line of Alejandro Vigil from Visevere Securities.
 Please, please go ahead.
 Yes, hello, Juan and Eduardo. Thank you for taking my questions. A couple of questions to start the discussion.
 one. It's about the
 the mid-term target of guidance of 5 billion euros and 4% EBIT margin.
 Which is the time horizon for this kind of business environment?
 24 months, more than that?
 Yes, yes.
 And what kind of mix are you expecting in these cells in terms of energy transition projects?
 I don't know, 15, 20, 30%
 of the total.
 That will be the first one
 And the second one is about the CEPI financial support.
 The final number is bigger than the one announced in July.
 Why is that?
 And second is, in the statement, there is a comment about the potential equity commitment by CEPI in case of a capital increase.
 If you can elaborate on that, is CEPI your anchor investor for a potential capital increase and when could this be executed?
 Thank you.
 I didn't go one by one, but I think you've asked all the questions
 everybody wants to hear
 with your three questions.
 Alejandro, thank you.
 Thank you very much for being here.
 I thank you a lot for your questions.
 first question
 meet some
 guys
 I mean
 I'm talking about ambition, and I think at the pace that we get in the new and fresh
 the quality of the backlog
 And bringing forward, you know, all those jobs that had been reprogrammed, you know, it's a number of 223.
 I mean, we have to target it to 23 to go back to numbers and to margins that this business
 And that's the guidance piece.
 That's 352-223.
 Thank you.
 of energy transition, I think
 energy
 transition
 You know, there's going to be, it's going to have an impact, but it's not going to be a volume business.
 there's going to be very much
 is going to impact
 in terms of margin
 I don't know how much, small 10%, 15%.
 he would allow us to improve the margin
 But he's going to be very much a service business.
 have that
 look great
 the cost
 of
 everything having to do with
 New technologies, new projects, it cannot be structured as an EPC, you know, obviously, because it cannot.
 You cannot, I mean, you cannot put a price on a new technology having to do with hydrogen or having to do with, yeah.
 So it'd be either cost plus or service.
 so we would have always
 to manage the business
 to develop our engineers,
 to catalyze the business
 and improve our margins, as you see, you know, profit and low level of sales.
 But it would not signify a large percentage of sales.
 Probably, you know, you will see an improvement of the margins as we start rendering good services related to this part.
 TEPI, Y340, and not 290.
 as we have said before.
 You know, 290 was, you know, in July, we decided to make it public, and we decided with the government to make it, to make it probably.
 Probably, that was the number we were analyzing.
 that would be
 And now we're not asking that we need it.
 that was the best number we could come out to
 to put us back
 where we were before
 because we want to be back
 equity wise
 where we were before.
 that the virus and the different variants of life, the adults were doing, you know, very
 with the SEPI allows to see that the good number was not 290 and it was close to 340.
 both things were alive
 for life
 Costas had been alive.
 You know, we have gone through extra cuts, and therefore the number has grown.
 and I think this is the final
 And good night.
 so it's an analysis
 So they're like two last figures.
 costs with the virus
 and then government support.
 The equity conversion as a catalyzer, it has nothing to do with equity conversion or it has to do with the catalyzer.
 It is, you know, we have, we're going to say it's a partner with a hybrid for four years.
 having it
 It's a project for four years.
 we have talks
 When we talk to customers, we have talked to customers in August, September, October, and November.
 That is good.
 that it's good to be a partner of the government.
 And here what we have is the option in the near or future, more likely in the future term, once we pay back.
 Once we're back, by all means, where we were before, to continue having our government
 partner with a small percentage
 with a small equity
 because some of our competitors have it.
 because we think that commercially speaking
 Me, Calvin.
 especially in a world that is changing extremely rapidly.
 And we have competitors in France, competitors in Italy, competitors in Korea, you know.
 And it's an option.
 So it's an option that we have today, and we don't want to have it in four-year times.
 And it's a good option that we get from the government
 to support the growth of TR if we happen to need it.
 You don't solve anything with $35 million, but it gives us the health and the strength of having the support of this kind of Hispanic government.
 Let me tell you, many of our customers, you know, appreciate that.
 Okay. So this is just – sorry to follow on this. It's not that you're planning a capital increase. It's just an option in the long term for CEPI to be part of this potential capital increase.
 It is obviously the fun, the pure fun, has to go through hybrid.
 But if we have to, and that's the terms, we have to, and we plan to, and we're quite comfortable, we will be paid back in four years, as I explained before.
 But we'd like to have the option, and the government agrees to it, to continue having
 it.
 because we use credibility
 and he put us in similar session to some of our competitors.
 All right, understood. Thank you very much.
 And the next question comes from the line of James Thompson from J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Great. Good afternoon, Han. Thank you very much for your presentation there.
 I have another question, but just following up on questions there,
 In terms of the $35 million commitment, I mean, is this what you're saying is that this will be only decided at the end of the four and a half years?
 and will it only happen if you also at the same time do some sort of capital increase at that time?
 So I just wanted if you could confirm that it's just right at the end of the period type decision, firstly.
 we have no idea
 when are we going to convert it, if ever, so that we have four years.
 Okay.
 Punch.
 or it could be for your time
 But today we haven't got HEPI, I'm sorry, in our structure, but it's very well known we're going to have it.
 and let me tell you it's it's it's quite nice and healthy to visit our customers
 And you have to go through how many awards we've got in August, September, October, and November.
 and we
 we came to the conclusion
 they could be good
 Could be good.
 We don't know.
 to continue having them
 That's a showhold.
 small shoulder
 position holder you may keep some color yeah just a nice sort of customers that
 we have to serve
 huge national oil company
 And very often you're requesting public finance,
 structural finance, export finance, well, I think we thought that it's not very well developed.
 we thought it could give some color to TR's
 Bye-bye.
 Okay. Okay. Thank you.
 my question really was
 i just wanted to talk about this kind of you know firstly improvement in margins you know when you
 given the presentation
 obviously you know four and a half billion euros of projects there or thereabouts are obviously
 or have been reprogrammed or stopped
 and now need to be restarted.
 So, I mean, I guess the question is, how have you or what confidence can you give us that Senegas has managed to negotiate to offset things like inflation that we're facing at this point in time in these projects?
 You know, what sort of confidence can you give us that these four and a half billion are actually going to be able to generate margins as you head into kind of later part of 2022 and into into 2023?
 and you know alongside that
 You know, maybe you could give us a bit of a flavor in terms of kind of the working capital side of things or how cash should progress.
 I mean, if this is the case that these projects have stopped and are now restarting, so, you know, probably quite a long way from potential milestone payments, is it sort of fair to assume that, you know, we shouldn't really see much of an improvement in net cash until kind of 2023 type timeframe?
 or maybe just some colour about how you think that may well evolve
 over the coming quarters.
 That would be great.
 Thank you.
 Obviously, I mean, we are sitting in this case with all customers.
 Customers for projects in Asia, customers for projects in the Middle East,
 customer projects in North America
 And with some of them, we have already reached agreements.
 With the embedded cost and the embedded cost which has been transferred to them obviously has to do with
 that inflation
 have to do with materials, have to do with extra cost of having to reprogram again and launch the job.
 with others we're very close
 and with others which is beginning
 because which is being
 and now that they like to sit with us.
 you know, and it's for
 Let me tell you, it's much easier to sit down with a customer in today's market.
 you have a real job
 and they have to be reprogrammed to their benefit,
 It's much easier to sit down with them
 and see how you can accelerate that job.
 and and and and and and negotiate a contract or some payment terms my terms and cost you know
 than going to the market and trying to bid for a new job.
 You know, this is something that both customer, I'm not going to name it, and supplier TR have to sit down and agree.
 and I'm quite confident
 Thank you.
 Some cases are really rich in agreement.
 I can name it with, and some others, sooner than later, we'll reach an agreement and accelerate it.
 But that's, you know, having reprogrammed jobs and having to restructure yourself with the problem,
 and what the problems that we had
 now all of you do
 we have another problem that we have to sit down
 and we negotiate with them
 but it's
 You know, it's a better problem.
 If it, if it needs your solution.
 And we happen to be successful, and we will.
 Reprogrammed jobs and new jobs come into force.
 will translate into
 a far better working capital
 towards the second half of next year.
 You know, I think it was before.
 Okay, so sort of second off next year.
 I mean, that seems relatively quick, I suppose, if you've got kind of 8 billion, if you include
 the new projects sort of just starting up now.
 I mean, you have to realize that
 project has been awarded
 from
 being awarded
 you have to
 you know
 have to, you know, you have to, they have to come into force when the poet comes into
 of course you start doing engineering very little impact when you start engineering in
 of working capital very little because you are
 as you move forward
 you start reaching milestones
 You have to place orders, and it translates into a far better working capital structure.
 On that, on that is a very specific job.
 And the same is going to happen with the jobs that we reprogram and we teach the customers to see how to accelerate.
 That's why I say it's quick.
 I mean, it's quick.
 We've been starting to work with them in October, and I'm talking about second half of next year.
 Eight, nine.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much, Ryan.
 I appreciate your answers and thanks for the presentation.
 Thank you.
 And the next question comes from the line of Francisco Ruiz from EXAM.
 Please go ahead.
 Buenas tardes.
 I have two questions
 the first one is
 are still on the task position.
 so do you think that
 with the current cash and
 and mainly the recovery that you have just talked about in the second half of next year
 would be enough
 to finance a strong
 grandpa that you're going to have
 4 billion sales next year, 5 billion sales on the following,
 or it would be easier to make a capital increase right now
 in order to be more comfortable to finance this expansion.
 and the second question is
 if you could tell us
 if you have any
 significant impact from this
 of materials
 due to the price cost or how you are going to deal with the raw materials inflation in the coming quarters.
 Okay, thank you, Francisco.
 Best decision.
 obviously we're getting
 340 meters of cash
 you know, they catch pure cash
 and I think
 That put us in a very comfortable position to manage the growth in awards and sales.
 It's good, and that's the analysis.
 That's why we set up from our 290 to our 340.
 So that's it.
 And that's why I said in the full point that it gives me the comfort that today I had the awards.
 new awards are coming
 And I'm back where I was, you know, with the huge backlog at the end of 2019.
 So, well, if the answer is, is this enough to achieve the 2022 guidance, the answer is yes.
 Inflation of raw materials.
 You know, I'll show you the backlog.
 Keep the backlog
 It's, you know, all jobs, the ones that were impacted, there is no inflation of raw materials
 are under construction
 they want that
 that I, that I, there are
 being awarded
 they'll just
 the price and
 and there is no impact, very little impact on raw materials.
 And obviously, in the jobs that have to be restructured or that have to be renegotiated,
 there is impact that we're sitting one by one, customer by customer.
 but they're not that many customers and they're not that many jobs to accommodate raw materials.
 You have to realize that some of the jobs, equipment was already bought.
 And the equipment was bought, and they're being preserved in the site.
 in some other bulk material, which is something you buy at the very beginning,
 you're spotting somewhere quickly
 And then, you know, bashing the tape was the worst part.
 So, well, even in the restructural jobs, a very large percentage of the impact in raw materials was already, you know, it was part of the job, it was already paid or it was already agreed, it was already closed or hedged.
 And the remaining one, now we're speaking with the customers to see if we can accommodate
 put a new weight
 that is
 But he's manageable.
 Okay.
 I'm very clear. Thank you very much.
 The next question comes from the line of Kevin Roger from Kebler Chevrolet.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good evening.
 I would have two questions, please.
 The first one is related
 into the short term
 because you are
 guiding basically for something like
 900 million euro
 revenue for q4 if you want to achieve the more than three billion revenue in q4 i was wondering
 if you can give us some metrics
 with us to confirm the
 recovery in your activity
 because you were mentioning during the presentation the number of people
 that are confined, isolated, under quarantine, et cetera, et cetera.
 So can you share with us some metrics in, let's say, this week compared to two months ago to show what is the trend in your activity right now?
 And the second question, sorry for that one, but I mean, you have been talking about a nice backlog, good quality backlog, et cetera, since quite a few quarters now.
 When you look at 2022, you are guiding for a 2% EBIT margin, so far away from what you were expecting previously.
 so what did you include in this 2%
 EBIT margin
 what is
 let's say
 What are your main assumptions for this 2% please?
 Hi, Kevin.
 You know, you're talking about metrics.
 And I think in the presentation, the reason that I give you an example of one single job
 where we had to manage reduction from 20,000 to 5,000 workers
 without, you know, 6,000 workers under quarantine,
 there's one job
 and do an analysis.
 I don't think I'm going to start naming the different jobs that we had in the Middle East
 in similar situations.
 So it's very difficult to come up with metrics.
 This is the real matrix.
 And the important metric is we manage that.
 And we manage that, and we are successfully progressing in those jobs.
 and we have successfully
 delivering those jobs.
 That's the important thing about these metrics.
 And it's very difficult to come out with a real figure on a quality basis in this business.
 And it has been extremely difficult for us to anticipate
 and he's thinking that that was going to happen.
 So the metric of our guidance of 2021 is that this whole thing is passed or is passing
 and that our jobs are progressing at an adequate pace.
 On our customers, we're negotiating with them to accelerate milestones that we're getting paid.
 So that allows me to say, okay, obviously I have six months to finish the year,
 And with those metrics, I can finish this next quarter, you know, at a break-even basis.
 And this is the important thing.
 and that would have given
 my message is
 is a positive break-even.
 I mean, it's positive to finish a break-even with a self-level as low as we've got.
 So, take it, or at least I take it, as good news.
 Some analysts may not like it because there are six or seven euros way above or below.
 But this is good news.
 We've managed this business under incredible uncertainty and stress.
 And we've managed it extremely well.
 This is good news.
 And the second question is the quality of the tackle.
 The quality is very good.
 and the emoji embedded in the backlog is good.
 But the sales figure would not increase, would not ramp up.
 I mean, we had, you know, in the last two quarters of 2.21.0, we cannot go 2.4.
 it would increase little by little
 a sales figure will increase
 and we are able to accrue the new jobs that have to come into force.
 To give you an example, the big cacti jug that was awarded to us,
 and it's going to be bigger than announced
 because there are a lot of who have already announced
 there are a lot of people who have already announced
 there are a lot of
 options
 they have to be included
 uh... at the customer
 with the other engineering companies.
 you know
 is we are getting paid
 starting up
 GG Neowen, who are getting big push.
 CL hasn't come fully into force because all the options have to be
 have to be precisely reflected into the contract.
 So, uh, the hourly job came into force, you know, at the end of September.
 So, uh, you have to, you know,
 Jobs take a while to come into force.
 they're good jobs
 the good
 projects
 but I
 We will not be able to accrue those jobs with their embedded margin.
 and let me tell you
 there are good markings
 and very much do risk until, you know,
 a stick and a half off next year.
 So he's going to take a one.
 The good thing is we've got it.
 we have the backlog, and
 that your franchise has
 we made it
 as before with a good level of awards.
 Okay.
 I don't know if you're actually correctly, Kevin, but I tried my best.
 No, no problem.
 Dan, thanks a lot for that.
 Thank you.
 And we have one question left from Alvaro Alenza from Elantra Equities.
 Please go ahead.
 All right.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 first on
 on guidance
 you're looking for
 5 billion awards
 meet them
 If I am not mistaken, you've only reached such an amount one year.
 What makes you confident that you can reach this, especially if you've stated that energy transition contracts will likely come with a lower size but higher margin?
 So that would be my first question.
 second one
 is regarding the agreement with CEPI.
 And the release, it says that you have committed to executing some kind of strategic plan
 that includes energy transition, diversification in different geographical regions, and cost
 cutting and so on.
 And I wanted to know whether this refers to the transformer plan that is already in place
 or whether you are working on another strategic plan with the SEPI.
 And lastly, if we look at the net cash position, it has reduced by roughly $180 million quarter-on-quarter,
 while the increase in working capital has only explained about $150 million.
 So there's a big difference.
 and I understand that those 90 million that you stated
 that was just a one-day difference between collecting and not collecting it,
 that would be already included in the working capital.
 So other than the working capital, the reduction in cash seems significantly higher than your net loss.
 so whether you could
 provide some more color
 and whether you are paying off
 some of the provisions
 that you've done
 during the year
 what explains this big time in the in the net cash position thank you very much
 Okay, Alvaro, sorry to keep you working, but I think it's, you know, I'm trying to organize how to answer.
 There's a, you know, you know, a mix of questions.
 The first one you ask him, you know.
 You know, you're talking about our Transforma plan
 and a project with CEPI or a strategy with CEPI,
 whether he's the same or not.
 I'm not sure what the question is, but let me tell you.
 The Transformer plan is something we worked very hard in 2019.
 continued work in 2020 and in 2020 and our agreement with CEPI obviously CEPI liked it
 obviously we liked it
 And in our strategy with CEPI, everything that we had working on to transform our plan is already embedded of it.
 There is no difference between Transformer and SEPIC.
 I mean, Transforma is the plan of TR, you know, being able to structure ourselves to grow
 and to become a far more cost-effective company.
 And at the same time, provided that we have some good auditors, how we could capture and be risked out of the business.
 up to some other markets
 and the rich part of the business.
 it's not an obligation
 it's a good plan
 that we had before
 and we have improved
 and we have stuff to sit.
 And we always do.
 That's the natural way of managing it.
 The second question we were talking about guidance.
 guidance of the $5 billion sales speaker.
 Obviously, if you crunch numbers, if we have awards and they come into force this year above 4 billion,
 and they're going to be above $4 billion.
 And we have awards, only we have awards slightly above $4 billion.
 next year by the time
 sell that crude, we're going to be
 reaching the 5 billion terms of sales.
 You know, it's just so, that's just so cool.
 you know,
 only with the remaining
 in backlog
 and via
 would.
 So,
 5 billion
 if we get those levels of woods
 five billion
 we're going to be
 very very close
 if not a box
 We've done it before, and we've done it before for certain periods.
 We had the backlog to do it.
 You only have to look at the level of sales
 that we had at the end of 2019
 and try to play with those numbers
 and to see what would have been our level of sales with that backlog in 2020.
 it would have been
 And that's what I said many months ago.
 we have put the business
 We've organized our sales for a business, for a level of sales, we have about $4 billion.
 so well
 It is a guidance, but it's a guidance that I do feel comfortable to reach.
 And the last question has to do with the falling cash,
 90 million
 for the walking couple
 I'm a little confused
 All I can tell you
 those 90 million there is a down payment they should have come in
 during the month of September
 and for some reason
 more administrative bureaucratic
 Came in on the first of October
 So I don't think it's part of the working couple.
 It was just a $90 million cash payment having to do with the non-payment of a job that had just started.
 But if you want to get into detail in numbers, I would advise you to call, you know, our investor relations and then you get into details because probably I'm not the right person to give you the best and detailed answer.
 So thanks a lot, Alan.
 Thank you very much for the caller.
 There are no further audio questions.
 I'll hand it back for any closing remarks.
 Okay.
 Thank you
 thank you to all of you for listening
 to the
 this year
 presentation
 a bit longer than I expected.
 I tried to rush but I was not able to
 and thank you for all the
 up questions which
 we do
 which will help us and me in particular to clarify the presentation.
 Thanks a lot, and I'll see you for sure in three months' time, February.