 Thank you, Doug. And good morning.
 We're pleased to announce strong first quarter 2017 gap earnings per share of $3.73 and adjusted
 earnings per share of $4.68, which is ahead of our expectations with membership and revenue
 tracking well.
 It was a great quarter.
 And John and I look forward to discussing it with you.
 I'm also going to offer my perspectives
 on the dynamic political landscape, the premium rate.
 We will use to file preliminary rate filings in the individual ACA compliant business.
 provide you an update on the pending SIGNAC acquisition and provide an update on our PBM strategy.
 Our first quarter results reflect business performance that track well versus our expectations.
 Specifically, membership grew more than expected, and we reported strong quality earnings metrics
 while maintaining appropriate conservativism
 on our balance sheet to reflect the dynamic nature
 of the marketplace that exists today.
 The company grew enrollment by $715,000 during the quarter.
 Ensured enrollment grew by 330,000 in the quarter,
 driven by growth in all of our major lines of business.
 As an example of the value proposition,
 we are bringing to the market.
 Our local group fully insured enrollment grew by approximately 50,000 lives during the
 quarter.
 well ahead of expectations and in a line of business that is contracting across the marketplace.
 In the individual business, enrollment increased by 222,000 lot, and we ended the quarter with
 nearly 1.6 million ACA-compliant members with 1.1 million of those members on the end
 of individual exchanges.
 The remaining approximately 300,000 members are in non-ACA compliant grandmother or grandfathered plans,
 which continues to decline as expected a decline of a little less than a hundred thousand since the prior year quarter
 Medicare enrollment grew by 38,000 during the quarter, primarily driven by growth in
 in our Medicare-advantaged product offerings.
 Our self-funded business grew by 385,000 members,
 in line with our expectations.
 25.1 million members.
 This marks the fourth consecutive year of membership
 increase it.
 demonstrating the value that Anthem brings to the marketplace.
 with our best-in-class cost-of-care position coupled
 with highly effective medical management capabilities.
 We're pleased with our first quarter of results.
 and updated outlook.
 And we remain focused on optimizing the performance
 of our assets to drive sustainable growth.
 We recognize many opportunities across our business as our industry continues to face
 disruption on multiple fronts.
 In response to this dynamic external environment, I believe it is critical to improve our speed
 to market, corporate agility, and overall performance.
 I've challenged our leadership to take a hard look at our business
 operations and culture to optimize sustained value creation for all of our
 stakeholders.
 system is in a position of strength with a diverse portfolio of outstanding assets and
 a dedicated team of leaders and associates.
 This...
 This strategy reinforces our confidence in improving our long-term earnings growth rates
 toward the upper single-digit to lower double-digit range
 beyond 2017.
 as we discussed in our last earnings call.
 We are continually balancing our near-term results with our longer-term strategy.
 I look forward to updating you on our progress in the future.
 Our strong first quarter financial performance reflected
 contributions from both government and commercial businesses.
 in the government business, we added 70,000 members
 during the quarter.
 reflecting growth of 38,000 in our Medicare business,
 $29,000 in Medicaid and $3,000 in the Federal Employee Program.
 and enrollment growth coupled with rate increases,
 translated into first quarter 2017.
 government business operating revenue of $12 billion or
 growth of 11.4% versus first quarter of 2016.
 margins for the government business for 2.6% during the first quarter of 2017, a decline
 of 40 basis points compared to the prior year quarter.
 The expected decline was primarily due to the impact of the one-year waiver in the health
 insurance tax in 2017, which, as you know, is not tax deductible.
 During the quarter, we recognized retroactive revenue related to the Iowa Medicaid contract.
 This adjustment has been agreed upon with the state partially covered the significantly
 higher than expected claims cost experience since April 2016.
 While the additional revenue enhanced our first quarter performance, our initial outlook
 expected the improved IOWL rates to take effect with the July 1 rates.
 Therefore, the benefit of this adjustment
 has not yet been incorporated in our updated 2017 outlook.
 We will continue to work collaboratively with our state partner and make progress with the
 understanding that we need to receive actuarially justified rates in the
 a great renewal process.
 We remain confident.
 who will meaningfully impact Iowa's citizens by improving the cost and quality of care
 as we have done for other state partners.
 Aside from the additional revenue recognized in Iowa,
 Our first-order performance was in line with expectations in the Medicaid business.
 The current Medicaid pipeline continues to be robust.
 We're implementing new business in Virginia and Texas.
 should go live later in 2017.
 In addition, there are six active RFPs
 of which we expect to hear about
 over the next couple of months.
 if those awards expected to be implemented in 2018.
 Looking out over the horizon, we are monitoring an additional 15 to 20 RFPs that we expect
 to be released over the next year and a half,
 which will include both opportunities
 for additional business in new and existing states
 and existing contract repercurements
 which in many cases will offer the potential
 for additional opportunities in our current contracts.
 Within Medicare, we're pleased that enrollment growth of 38,000 during the quarter exceeded
 our expectations, primarily in our Medicare Advantage product offerings, as we now have
 over 50% of our membership residing in four-star plan.
 We continue to expect to grow.
 MA enrollment by low to mid-double-digit percentages in 2017 and perform within our targeted operating
 margin range.
 Switching to our commercial business, as I discussed earlier,
 Our enrollment came in better than expected.
 growing by 645,000 members during the first quarter of 2017 to 31 million members.
 This growth translated into better than expected operating revenue.
 totaling $10.3 billion in the first quarter of 2017.
 an increase of nearly $800 million or 8.2% versus the first quarter of 2016.
 The strong enrollment gains were across the entire segment, with better than expected
 growth in the local group business, fully insured, and self-funded product offering.
 The commercial team has been focused on identifying opportunities to mitigate the fully insured
 enrollment trends experienced over the last few years.
 and we are pleased that these strategies are proving
 to be effective in the market.
 First quarter 2017 operating margins of 12.7% declined by 90 basis points from the 13.6%
 in the first quarter of 2016.
 This decline was due to the impact of the Pen Treaty assessments that were recorded during
 quarter and the first year waiver of the health insurance tax in 2017, partially offsetting
 the margin decline, was the benefit of one less calendar day during the quarter as first
 quarter of 2016 was a leap year.
 a lower FGNA ratio due to expensive efficiency initiatives and fixed cost leverage and growing
 in operating revenue.
 We continue to target improved penetration rates in our specialty product offering, and
 And we're very pleased that our efforts are taking hold in the marketplace.
 Our dental membership increased by 373,000, or 6.8% during the quarter, and vision membership
 increased by 405,000 or 6.3% during the quarter.
 While we still have additional opportunities to continue to increase the penetration rates
 of the various ancillary specialty product offerings,
 I am encouraged with the momentum this business has generated as we continue to improve the
 the value of the products we bring to the market, and align incentives appropriately
 within the distribution channel.
 In the individual ACA compliant business,
 We're all pleased with the membership growth
 in the open enrollment period, with claims experience
 in the first quarter coming in better than prior year,
 which is reflected in our improved medical loss ratio.
 However, the claims experienced during the quarter was slightly higher than we anticipated,
 and we're closely monitoring and analyzing the morbidity of our membership.
 given a little under 50% of the population is new to Anthem.
 We're also not yet able to determine the morbidity of the entire marketplace,
 which would have implications for the risk-adjusted calculation.
 We should have a more thorough understanding in Q2
 of our expectations for full-year 2017 financial performance.
 Reflecting on these dynamics and recognizing the level of volatility in the individual ACA
 and client product offerings.
 We are assessing our market footprint in 2018
 as well as the rate increases necessary to reflect the
 underlying morbidity and expected cost of this population.
 Our financial expectations vary my market.
 and some markets are expected to be operating on a sustainable basis.
 We will continue to focus on participating in only those markets which are in a visible
 path toward sustainability, including factors like the expected financial performance, regulatory
 environment and underlying market characteristics.
 We are pleased that some steps have been taken to address the sustainability of the market,
 such as addressing the risk adjustment formula in 2018,
 and verification of eligibility requirements
 or special enrollment period members on the federal exchanges.
 We're pleased to see the final market stabilization regulation and anticipate that it will have
 a long-term positive impact.
 These changes should help improve stability, but there's still significant uncertainty around
 some key funding components.
 For example, we do not yet have certainty
 that funding of the cost-sharing reduction subsidies
 will be continued.
 Additionally, under current law, the health insurance tax will be reinstated in 2018, negatively
 impacting the affordability of fully insured products, including Medicaid and Medicare.
 It's estimated that, before accounting for any other issues, rates could increase by
 additional 20% or more if CSR subsidies are not funded.
 The return of the health insurance tax is also expected to increase rates by an additional
 three to five percent.
 Obviously, this level of additional increase would
 cause further market instability, to a level at which it would be even more challenging
 to appropriately estimate actuarially sound rates.
 At this point, we plan to file preliminary 2018 rates with the assumption that the cost
 mass-sharing reduction subsidies will be funded.
 However, we are notifying our states that if we do not have certainty that CSRs will be
 funded for 2018 by early June, we will need to evaluate appropriate adjustment
 to our filing.
 Such adjustments could include reducing service area participation, requesting additional
 rate increases, eliminating certain product offerings, or exiting certain individual ACA
 compliant markets all together.
 Ending CSRs in 2018 and eliminating the health insurance tax going forward are only some
 of the steps necessary to ensure that the individual ACA compliant marketplace is not
 further destabilized.
 We believe that additional funding and programs such as high-risk pools and reinsurance should
 be done to help improve the stability of the marketplace. And we continue to work with
 the administration and members of Congress on these issues.
 As we stated in our fourth quarter call, we are monitoring developments closely in the
 first half of 2017, as we evaluate our longer-term strategy in the individual marketplace.
 We're analyzing the impact of regulatory changes, along with updating our expectations
 of underlying cost trends while we continue to advocate for additional regulatory adjustments
 to ensure both a stable and sustainable individual market.
 We expect to provide additional clarity
 on our 2018 Market Footprint during our second quarter earnings call, if not sooner.
 Turning to discuss our updated 2017 financial outlook,
 We now expect adjusted earnings per share of greater than $11.60 for the full year 2017.
 an increase of 10 cents from our previous outlook.
 I believe our updated outlook is prudent given the uncertain nature of the individual
 ACA-compliant Marketplace.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to John
 discuss our financial statements and provide additional details
 on our updated 2017 outlook.
 John.
 Thanks, John.
 relating to the pending signet acquisition.
 We continue to work through the expedited appeal process through the court system.
 We participated in oral arguments at the end of March and expect to hear a decision from
 in the appellate court relatively soon.
 And currently, we were also granted our motion for a temporary restraining order to enjoy
 signal, terminating the merger agreement.
 The next hearing on this motion is scheduled to be held on May 8th in the Delaware Court.
 We remain committed to completing the acquisition as soon as possible.
 Turning to discuss the process of forming
 in our long-term pharmacy strategy.
 We did issue the RFP during the first quarter, and we expect to receive all responses during
 in the first half of the year.
 It is important to note that we have not ruled anyone in or out as the best strategic option
 for the company going forward.
 After we receive the responses to the RFP, our pharmacy team will thoroughly and thoughtfully
 analyze what has been proposed in order to decide how to construct the best pharmacy solution
 for our members.
 As I've previously stated, this process will be completed by the end of 2017, and we have
 committed to informing the market of our strategy by that time.
 We continue to believe that we will be able to lower our pharmaceutical costs by more
 than $3 billion annually in 2020 and beyond.
 With that operator, please open the queue for questions.
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you'd like to ask a question, please press star
 than one on your touch tone phone.
 you will hear a tone indicating you've been placed in Q
 and you may remove yourself from cue at any time
 by pressing the pound key.
 And in fairness to others, and to get through as many questions as possible, please limit
 Put yourself to one question per turn.
 You know, John, I might add also that you just pointed out about claims to the quarter,
 being a little excessive of our forecast and, you know,
 Our sense is that, as you would expect,
 one quarter doesn't make a year of trend,
 And we're going to be monitoring this very carefully given the fact that, you know, we've
 got a-
 that we still have to analyze very carefully.
 and our sense is that a lot will be known and become clear
 as we get into the second quarter leading up
 to the end of June and then we'll be able to obviously report more details
 to you on the next earnings call.
 Good morning, AJ.
 Let me take your question in the following order, dealing with so-called reconciliation
 regarding what was said by ESI, the $1 billion offer, and then the litigation outlook.
 With respect to reconciling statements, quite frankly, that's not easy if possible, quite
 frankly because they certainly have made statements that support their perspective.
 We've made our position very clear.
 We've been steady with respect to our expectations,
 beginning with our first declaration back in January of 16 and I can underscore that
 that we really have not changed our position
 with respect to our expectations around a $3 billion opportunity for us to recover costs
 that we believe we are due relative to both our contract
 as well as go forward to 2020 and beyond.
 So, I can't speak and won't speak on behalf of the ESI and their perspective other than
 and continually refer everyone back to what we've repeatedly said,
 Obviously, we continue to stand by our statements.
 I do want to underscore, and I've said this repeatedly as well,
 that we are hopeful that we can resolve our...
 our, you know, dispute with respect to our interpretation of the agreement as well as
 our expectations with respect to supporting our cost structure in a more positive manner
 how that then translates for our customers.
 And however, you know, we certainly are coming upon some very critical due dates.
 As I stated a moment ago, we have issued RFTs.
 We stated that on an earlier call.
 We have followed through and issuing an RFP
 to many, many respondents.
 We expect to receive all the final details by the end
 into the first half of the year,
 and then we'll go into an analytical phase
 And then, as I've said repeatedly,
 We will report to you in Q4 our decision
 with respect to how we plan on proceeding
 with respect to executing on our PBM strategy.
 1,120 and beyond.
 With respect to litigation, we are currently in discovery phase that's really a kind of
 kind of,
 that's called the sum and substance
 what I can report at the moment, we're expecting to complete discovery sometime after mid-year.
 That could be pushed back as you would expect in litigation proceedings.
 So I would ask you to stay tuned in that regard.
 discovery is finished and I think some critical dates in terms of timing on various matters
 related to the litigation to become clear.
 I do want our score there. We're very excited about the opportunity to put together a new
 solution that serves our members better than our current situation.
 Our team has been focused heavily
 on identifying the right solution for the long term.
 We've talked about some possibilities in and around,
 You know, stay the course under a new arrangement,
 going in a different direction with respect to vendor support,
 crafting a hybrid model.
 We've stated all of that publicly, and we're still very focused on crafting the absolute
 best solution, best serve our customers.
 So we believe we have all the ingredients that keep marching forward and give you the
 answers that we always declare we would give you by Q4, the eight by cover of everything
 you wanted me to touch on.
 There may be other questions from others,
 But I think in the main, I think I've covered all the critical aspects of where we are at the moment.
 It's all one big ball of yarn, and I certainly understand how you kind of package it together.
 I can respond and must respond as you would expect.
 And I don't want to comment on any specific vendor and their engagement with respect
 of the RFP process where they've chosen to participate
 or not participate or how the final submittals will look.
 So, again, I don't want to kind of comment on who got what.
 So with respect to decisions, obviously we've not made a final decision with respect to any vendor.
 vendor and I've just stated that clearly that we've not done so and we've not ruled
 anyone in or out.
 I think that covers the entire spectrum of vendor possibilities.
 And I'll leave it at that.
 With respect to the billion-dollar statement, again, that statement that came from ESI,
 I really don't want to and can't, obviously, for many, many reasons, talk about negotiation
 discussions and I just come back to the point that's repeatedly said we're
 We're hoping for an amicable resolution to our current
 What that might mean with respect to engagement in our PBM strategy execution going forward
 remains to be seen.
 But my sense is that we've got a lot of possibilities
 as we've used the word repeatedly,
 I think I can underscore it here and answer your question yet again, and that's optionality.
 Optionality has been a watch word for us, and I can use the word hybrid because hybrid means kind of a mixture of
 of possibilities around formula management, mail order,
 and those kinds of things that in terms of how you manage it may look remarkably different
 and constructing a contract that maybe is as old as five, six, seven, eight years.
 The world is changing this space and we're certainly going to take advantage of the absolute
 the best performance possibilities to serve our customers.
 I must again underscore that there has been no change
 to our $3 billion annual expectation.
 lower pharmacy costs.
 We are resolute on that point.
 We believe we've done enough analytics
 for our market checks that we believe
 It's a very credible expectation,
 and we're holding firm on how we believe
 We're going to be looking at our performance
 for the balance and the term of the agreement as well as 1120 and beyond.
 Yeah, it's a great question related to our engagement in the market with our provider
 community.
 and let the moment go by without calling out tremendous success
 and around provider collaboration, as you know,
 That's been a, I call it a hallmark company now for a few years.
 a pillar of regarding our success going forward.
 You use term value and when I speak or think about value I'm thinking about our provider collaboration engagements
 such as 159 ACOs in our markets.
 We've got over 64,000 providers now engaged in the ACOs and patients-centered medical
 homes who are accountable for cost and quality of care for five and a half million over five
 and a half million commercial members, which is a huge uptick compared to prior years.
 It's interesting to underscore also that aggregates spend regarding value-based contracts hali
 up to about 58% of our total medical spend across all lines of business and over 75%
 represented by shared savings agreements,
 shared risk arrangements, population-based payment models.
 And then we've got sort of the remainder of that spread
 between 75% and 100% and 58% is in various pay-for-performance
 So we're really pleased with those kinds of stats.
 I think it really speaks volumes regarding our shift
 to value-based payment models in partnership with our provider
 community, whether it's a small group of practitioners, large-scale organizations like Alora Health
 here in Wisconsin.
 There are many, many other groups that we've aligned with with respect to our product offerings
 and markets that are now delivered in tandem
 with our provider community.
 So, again, I'm very proud of that performance,
 And I really want to call it out because I think, again,
 It's a hallmark of the company's performance
 and all the markets were served.
 Thank you very much.
 But for the question, obviously, like you, we're kind of trying to evaluate our options
 depending on which way the court goes, which we believe a decision is relatively imminent
 With respect to the appeals court and to underscore what you said, the Delaware Chancery will be convening on May 8th.
 So there's still a lot of judicial proceedings to occur.
 and assessing that we believe the appeals court,
 and probably I'm telling you something that you already know,
 but there are probably about three directions
 that it can go in, which would be to just categorically deny
 our appeal. Across the board another would be to accept it, but in part remain some of
 it back to the district court and then the final one obviously would be to accept our
 appeal in its entirety and have us move forward.
 So each one of those requires very significant discernment
 on the choices that we have.
 and probably leave any further commentary
 regarding our choices to another time
 when it becomes clear what the court's decision is.
 I really don't want to speak exactly to what we can or can't do relative to each one of
 regarding the chance record, obviously how it evaluates the situation is dependent on the appeals outcome.
 And so, I guess long story short, we're going to have to judge our go for position based
 on the decision by the appeals court and then obviously make the best choice possible for
 But I do want to underscore that we are continually committed to the acquisition both with respect to the board and management.
 and we are proceeding with all the effort necessary
 necessary to come to a reasonably good outcome regarding our commitment to the acquisition.
 This is Joe.
 I'll respond.
 This is Joe.
 very quickly.
 He didn't hear.
 is any different than the first comment we made with respect
 I single-digit low double-digit expectations.
 So, John, you want to pick it up?
 Yeah, sure.
 Sure.
 So the first part of your question, John, I probably need to add a commentary to the
 question about high single-digit, low-double-digit,
 expectation on long-term growth.
 And we do have strategies that we are targeting.
 And I think it really is important to underscore
 that those strategies are targeted at government business,
 As you know, with respect to both Medicaid and Medicare,
 We've talked liberally about our Medicare outlook,
 particularly in terms of organic growth,
 and combined with M&A Opportunity,
 Our commercial business had a lot of targeted opportunities particularly in the area of
 increase wallet share in and around specialty offerings to the market and then membership
 gains in a variety of places. Our SG&A expense controls, we believe, will be a key contributor
 with respect to the operational improvements we believe are possible as we better adapt
 to the marketplace and also be able
 will effectively leverage our growth and membership based
 on a very prudent and highly efficient application
 of our expenses.
 And then finally, and I'll let John speak to this with respect to capital deployment
 choices that we have ahead of us.
 I can't leave out the PBM repricing process as well.
 So, in any event, we've got a very significant combined effort for the variety of opportunities
 that we think will take us to a point
 at meeting the expectations that are stated last call
 as well as this call.
 I don't, John, if you want to add anything.
 Yeah, another fetch over a multi-year period.
 You know, and I think, John, just reinforce something I said very beginning of my commentary
 and that is internally we're looking very carefully
 at our operational performance trying
 to understand the transformative responsibilities
 we have to better manage the company in terms of supporting our business model and in particular
 now as you've just heard related to these strategic initiatives that we have targeted.
 It's not just about the pieces of the puzzle we just described, but also how we then support
 each part of that puzzle being accomplished with respect to our go-forward success that
 that we envision.
 So a lot of internal shifts and changes with respect
 better performing in support of our strategic commitment.
 Well, I appreciate you bringing it back to the table, and I hope you can appreciate my
 I might come back, which I repeatedly stated, which is we stand by our three billion expectation
 And, frankly, we believe that's at a minimum of $3 billion.
 Based on the analytics, market check performance that we've administered now over quite a lengthy period of time.
 And so our outlook, 1-1-20 and beyond, is very much guided by that reality.
 And as such, you know, obviously we're driven by our focus on creating value for our members and our shareholders.
 You may recall what we said repeatedly is that about 20% of that pick-up and improvement
 is going to flow to the shareholders.
 Conversely, it's going to be 80% going to our members.
 So it's a huge nut that we believe needs to be cracked
 and the benefit of so many.
 And, you know, I understand your question with respect to the billion, but again, that's
 their number, and I really don't want to comment on, you know, their analytics, why they believe
 what they believe.
 I know that all of you are very, very focused on applying the math, so their number is you
 you do our numbers and I'll just have to leave it at that.
 let them speak for themselves, and I certainly respect where they're coming from, but obviously
 we have a different point of view, and we believe it's a point of view that's validated
 by the statistics that have flowed out of our ant.
 and so we stand by our position and the negotiating process with respect to the litigation we're in.
 we're in. I really don't want to comment on that either because there's some
 and saying that he related to the litigation process,
 we're discovering beyond it.
 And I think the prudent approach is simply not to comment on any matters of litigation.
 Okay.
 Well, thank you for all your questions.
 As always, it's great to hear from you in appreciation
 for what's on your mind relative to what we've reported
 on for the quarter.
 As you know, this company is committed to fronting our healthcare systems challenges.
 We're focused on expanding access to high-quality affordable health care for all of our customers.
 And I also want to thank our associates for their continued commitment to serving our
 3.6 million members every day.
 Thank you for your interest in Anthem and we look forward to speaking with you soon at
 Again, thanks for dialing in and look forward to seeing you in the future.