 On today's call, we will be referring to the Form 20S
 and press release filed this morning that detailed the company's fiscal year
 in
 2021 results, which can be downloaded from the company's
 website at
 rkit.uk
 you'll also
 find the latest earnings
 presentation that supplements the information
 discussed on today's call.
 Please note that listeners that would like to ask a question in the Q&A session
 will need to dial in to the call rather than joining through the webcast link.
 Finally, a recording of the call will be available on the investor section
 of the company's website later today.
 Please note that this webcast includes forward-looking statements,
 Statements about the company's beliefs and expectations containing words such as may, will, could, believe, expect, anticipate,
 and similar expressions are forward-looking statements
 and are based on assumptions and beliefs as of today.
 The company encourages you to review the safe harbor statements, risk factors,
 and other disclaimers contained on this slide and in today's press release,
 as well as in the company's
 filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
 which identifies specific risk factors that may cause actual results
 or events to differ materially from those described in our forward-looking statements.
 The company does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after this webcast.
 The company also notes that on this call,
 It will be discussing non-IFRS financial information.
 The company is providing that information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS.
 you can find a reconciliation of these metrics to the company's reported IFRS results
 in the reconciliation tables provided in today's earnings release and presentation.
 And now I'll turn the call over to David Williams, the company's founder, chairman, and chief executive officer.
 David?
 Thank you very much.
 Hello and welcome to ARKIT Quantum Inc.'s debut fiscal year-end conference call.
 It was a transformational year for ARKit, and we're very excited to discuss our performance
 and notable achievements with you.
 Since our year end of September coincided with the completion of our NASDAQ listing,
 And customer billings only began with commercial launch in the fourth quarter of the year.
 There's not a lot of new information.
 So I want to leave plenty of time for Q&A on business model and outlook.
 Before I begin, I would like to acknowledge a number of constituents who are instrumental
 in bringing our important product to the market.
 First, I'd like to acknowledge and thank the employees of Arkit,
 those that have been with us from the very beginning, and recent joiners alike.
 We've assembled a team of hard-working and brilliant individuals who share our vision.
 Next, I'd like to acknowledge and thank Centrica's Acquisition Corp.
 and the leaders of that organization, Manfredi Lefebvre, Carlo Calabria, and Garth Ritchie,
 for supporting the ARCID opportunity so strongly.
 Manfredi in particular has not only been an excellent and supportive long-term investor
 but has also already put his
 considerable network in play
 introducing many new potential customers, some of whom we've already converted into projects.
 He's also kindly agreed to serve as Vice Chairman and Senior Independent Director.
 On a SPAC journey, one could not hope for a better partner.
 Finally, I would like to thank the many public shareholders
 who've chosen to invest in our kit.
 We are all striving to build a business that will deliver, through operating successes,
 very significant value creation for all of our kit stakeholders.
 ARKIT's mission is to use our world-leading quantum encryption platform to keep safe the
 data of our governments, enterprises
 and citizens.
 the world needs stronger
 simpler encryption
 and that need
 becomes more profound
 every day
 Our fiscal year ended on September the 30th.
 It was a year of significant achievement which positions our kit to focus now on executing
 for customers.
 As a result of the listing process, ARKit was able to launch its product onto the global
 market with high
 impact by
 virtue of that
 knows that listing
 Arkit now has sufficient capital
 to fully fund its business case
 and we were able in September to turn our sights towards revenue and positive cash flow generation.
 The listing process has acted as a strong branding and signalling event to our existing
 and prospective customers
 and has already
 increased unprompted brand awareness
 and resulted in significant introduction of new business leads.
 The most important achievement of fiscal 2021 was the commercial launch
 and commencement of promotion of the Quantum Cloud product.
 Throughout the year,
 that ARKit had signed customer contracts with marquee global enterprises
 across all of our initial target markets of defense, telecoms, financial services, and IoT.
 the interest in and take up of our products
 during the year
 has given us confidence in the pace and direction of the business.
 We set the initial focus area to give us the best chance of turning early contracts into
 revenues in the financial year ending September 2022.
 And our initial focus area is to give us the best chance of turning early contracts into
 Assumptions look strong
 As we said during the listing process, the first billings were going to take place
 in the quarter ended December 2021, and that's what's happened.
 All of our customers use the same product, and all Quantum Cloud revenues are annual
 recurring revenues
 but some customers with mission-critical use cases
 particularly in defence and telecoms,
 are making larger multi-year commitments.
 as we then roll out the cloud fulfillment
 channel more extensively next year
 we will generate a larger number of smaller customers.
 But the most important revenue progress we've made is most definitely in defence,
 And this is where the larger percentage of revenues is likely to arise in the current financial year ending September 2022, putting a strong backbone to our annual recurring revenues in future years, from which we have a strong base to launch the cloud platform more broadly to global enterprises.
 realization of need in the marketplace
 for quantum safe encryption
 has become much stronger this year,
 and our unique ability to meet that need
 is widely recognised
 Mainstream legacy architecture, commonly called PKI, was developed in the early 90s to meet the security needs of the nascent e-commerce world.
 At its heart are encryption keys based on the factoring of large prime numbers,
 which would take a traditional computer billions of years to decrypt.
 PKI has generally served the world well for the last 30 years, but it was never designed
 to protect a hyper-connected world
 and is now showing its weaknesses.
 Since the heart bleed attack on TLS a decade ago, we've seen escalating attacks on the
 implementation of PKI.
 beyond the implementation vulnerabilities
 the prime number factorization
 at the heart of PKI
 will with absolute certainty
 be compromised by the enormous
 power of a universal quantum computer.
 it's a question of when not if
 And we think that's within five years.
 We've shown in white papers on our website that attempts to make public key cryptography do a better job against quantum computers, so-called post-quantum algorithms, are impractical.
 PQAs can never be described as provably secure against quantum attack
 because anything made of maths can be reverse-engineered
 by a powerful computer programmed correctly.
 They would also involve huge IT upgrade cycles, which, as the U.S. government department NIST has recently said, might easily take a decade or more.
 And as we've shown, they're too complex to be feasible for lightweight applications
 like IoT and blockchains and even basic mobile handsets.
 We think PQAs are a busted flush.
 Arkit's technology, by contrast, is very simple to use.
 The customer just sees a lightweight software key agreement agent,
 which can be delivered to any device in the cloud.
 The keys it creates are used inside the AES-256 algorithm.
 that algorithm
 was previously widely used by governments and banks,
 often with keys that were human-curried.
 Arkit has simply replaced that courier.
 As a result, the algorithm is already globally standardized, so there is no major software
 change required to adopt ARCIT, and the keys it creates cannot be intercepted or broken.
 in recent months we've found
 that the incredible ease of implementation
 of the Arctic Quantum Cloud
 is perhaps our most powerful advantage.
 The market's recognition that the quantum threat is profound is now clearly established.
 During the year, we've seen significant statements by government and industry to this effect.
 The U.S. government said in April that post-quantum algorithms are not universally suitable or timely solutions.
 Our commercial customers in banks and in telecoms have said similar things.
 We've also learned that quantum threat is now on the risk register
 as a red item of most major corporations,
 which creates a genuine sense of urgency
 on the part of those organizations
 to mitigate that risk.
 This is why ARKIT's development of a system which benefits from the mathematically provable security of symmetric keys,
 whilst also requiring
 no major global software
 systems and
 standards upgrades is so very important
 for the world.
 As we focus on delivering revenue forecasts in 2022 from our selected direct channel sales,
 We're also readying the launch of the global cloud fulfillment platform,
 which is how we intend to take this business to hyperscale.
 For those who are less familiar with the tech, a very simple summary.
 Our innovation is in two parts
 Firstly, satellite quantum key distribution doesn't work since it has a fundamental conflict
 between global versus trustless operations.
 ARKIT solved that problem with the invention of a new quantum protocol called ARK-19.
 This simply means that we can put identical sets of random numbers into every data center in the world
 with provable quantum-safe security.
 in the second step
 a radical new classical cryptographic protocol
 working classically in software form at endpoints.
 borrows elements of the random numbers in data centers
 in a very unusual way
 in order to allow groups of devices to simultaneously create identical new random numbers.
 This key agreement or creation process
 is both trustless and computationally secure.
 here. Turning to our go-to-market
 strategy, there are three key elements.
 The release one of Quantum Cloud was launched in September
 and our first customers are already using or promoting it.
 We first focused on growing channel partnerships with leading global telecoms companies who
 sell our kit solutions or bundle our solutions with their own products and services.
 Secondly, certain government and defense customers demand control of critical cybersecurity infrastructure.
 For these customers,
 Arkit is selling a private
 instance of our end-to-end technology stack.
 We've already recruited a number of private instance partners to the FQS project that
 was announced over the summer and we've been busy progressing discussions with these and other
 parties to the next stage.
 private instances
 generate a basic annual recurring revenue
 of $25 million per instance
 before value-added services.
 We're very confident that we'll be in a position to talk more about these contracts into the
 New Year, and we expect such
 contracts to put a
 strong backbone
 into future
 annual recurring revenue forecasts
 and NRR.
 Quantum Cloud is being launched for sale
 on a platform-as-a-service basis.
 Such customers will simply acquire the product
 and pay for it in the cloud
 and pay on a per-key basis.
 This platform is therefore infinitely scalable, has a very low operating cost, and enables us to take this business to hyperscale.
 Any connected device is a potential customer for our kit.
 However, in phase one, we've been focusing on selling private instance to customers, mainly in the defense marketplace.
 also on selling
 the software which is working in its
 preliminary method
 to telecoms, financial services, and IoT, or automation customers.
 We've already signed contracts across all of those target markets
 and made a number of press releases on these subjects.
 We're now very focused on monetizing those early contracts that we've signed
 by delivering the software to those customers
 to trigger billing in the current six-month period.
 whilst we still have
 work to do to finish out building
 our sales organization
 and we're recruiting
 intensively in many locations
 around the world
 we're seeing
 increased
 traction in previously
 identified business opportunities
 moving their way through the pipeline
 towards contracts, and also new, unprompted, inbound opportunities arriving through marketing
 are escalating.
 ARKIT's reputation is growing quickly.
 The quality of ARKIT's technology and effort of the entire organization
 is manifest in our key transaction wins for 2021.
 These transactions are a strong validation of our technology from technologically sophisticated global organizations.
 We're very proud to be working with these marquee client names.
 of the use cases
 across these key transaction use cases
 speaks to the broad applicability of our products.
 I'll now hand over to Nick Poynton, our Chief Financial Officer, to briefly cover our financial
 highlights for the year. I'll then conclude with a few thoughts on our expectations for 2022.
 Nick?
 Thank you, David, and good morning or afternoon, everyone.
 As David noted, we are pleased to hold our first call as a publicly traded company.
 Arkit commenced full commercialization of its Quantum Cow product in September, shortly before the close of our 2021 fiscal year end.
 As a result, our revenues for fiscal year 2021 were not material.
 post-fiscal year end
 billings have continued
 associated with our contracts and agreements.
 We ended the fiscal year
 with an adjusted net loss of $15.6 million.
 dollars.
 Recently, as a result of the transaction with Centricus and our NASDAQ listing, we raised
 the net $96 million
 in capital
 and finished the fiscal year with cash on hand of $87 million.
 dollars. We believe our fiscal
 resources to be sufficient to meet our current business plan.
 plan.
 We expect to have a more fulsome discussion regarding revenue generation and key performance
 indicators when we meet
 next to discuss our half-year results.
 And now, I'll turn back to David for additional comments.
 David?
 Thanks Nick
 fiscal year
 2022 we'll see
 the continuation of the trends
 which call for ARKIT's quantum encryption solution.
 specifically
 Continued weakness in PKI.
 One major attack was reported just this morning.
 increased cyber attack surface
 and accelerating technological development of quantum computers.
 all kids target customers
 are increasingly aware of the threat
 and we're focused on driving home the message
 that our solution is the only
 end-to-end quantum safe product
 that can address the issues of today
 and the significant threat of quantum computers at scale
 and at low cost and low friction for our customers.
 The success of our focused marketing efforts in recent announcements of agreements post-financial year end in Smart Cities with Neom and in Defense with Blue Bear, we're expecting to announce further contracts which have been awarded and contracted but not yet announced in the coming weeks.
 The company will further refine its product capability
 and delivery through the subsequent releases of Quantum Cloud during 2022.
 we continue to see growth
 and identified an existing contract opportunities
 across all of our target markets.
 and we are seeing previously identified opportunities
 escalating through the pipeline
 very quickly.
 We're certainly observing that the sales cycle has compressed very greatly,
 and we're typically moving customers to contract much faster
 than we observed prior to the NASDAQ listing.
 We now have the certainty that our product is in a class of its own.
 proven by some of the most important government and enterprise actors across our marketplace.
 we have a clear
 pathway to the near-term achievement of our expected forecasts as a result of the urgency
 that these customers are exhibiting
 to solve those problems.
 Again, thank you all for your support.
 We look forward to sharing additional news with you as we move forward.
 I now turn the call back to the operator to open the lines.
 for questions.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, to ask a question, you'll need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 To withdraw your question, press the pound key.
 Please stand by. We compile the Q&A roster.
 Thank you, Mr.
 As a reminder, that's star then one to ask a question.
 Thank you very much.
 And speakers, I'm not showing any questions at this time.
 Well, operator, I'm delighted if we've presented clearly.
 as I said at the outset
 The financial year end coincided with the NASDAQ listing.
 there's not too much to report in terms of
 financials. We will
 expect to be in a position to give
 much more detail on revenue
 composition and
 KPI breakdowns at our next report
 for these six months to March
 2022 and I'm
 looking forward to that. So if there are no questions for us to address, I'll thank everyone
 for attending
 which everyone
 are very
 Merry Christmas and hope that everyone keeps safe.
 We'll close the call here. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now disconnect