 Good day and thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to the Serial Resources Q4 quarterly update conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in the listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's presentation,
 there'll be a question in the non-procession
 To ask a question during the session,
 you need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 please be advised
 that today's conference is being recorded.
 For any assistance, it is Star Zero.
 I'd now like to hand the conference over to you for a speaker today
 to Mr. Sean Bruno.
 Thank you.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks very much.
 Good morning to everyone and thank you for dialling in today.
 With me on the call is Stephen Wells,
 our Chief Financial Officer and Viren Hira,
 our GM of business development and investor relations.
 Today, SARA released its December 2021 quarterly results
 covering operations, market conditions,
 the Vidalia project and the outlook for natural graphite,
 active anode material and its end-use markets.
 The fourth quarter in 2021 as a whole
 was an extraordinarily important period for Sarah.
 Repositioning the company at a transformative point for the industry.
 Market conditions in the upstream market
 of the strongest they have been
 since the Lama's commencement in 2017,
 with very strong momentum in demand growth,
 the existence of supply
 interruptions and
 Thank you.
 for natural background.
 The electric vehicle market has shown remarkable growth through 2021,
 with sales doubling year-on-year
 to more than 6 million units
 Monthly global EV sales exceeding 800,000 units
 for the first time in December,
 and global EV penetration reaching approximately 8%.
 Growth is expected to be sustained and this is driving significant EV and battery manufacturing
 the expansion announcements and capital programs
 in our downstream target markets.
 The concurrent gap is evident that in localised supply
 of input materials in the U.S. and in Europe.
 SAR is signing during the quarter of a fixed volume and price off-take agreement with Tesla
 for active anode material from the VEDAD facility in the U.S.
 marked the importance of CIRA's integrated business
 in potentially starting to fill a part of that gap.
 And all around the world, governments and markets recognise the key role of critical
 minerals, such as graphite, in automotive electrification and energy storage development
 towards the objective of reducing carbon emissions.
 Positive ESG differentiation also continues to rise in importance
 as greater understanding sees challenges
 in parts of the existing battery materials supply chain.
 each quarter we reiterate our belief
 in the importance of the Balama asset
 and our vertically integrated active anode material facility at Fidalia.
 to the future of this transition
 and as 2021 closed, we saw that this is becoming more apparent
 to customers, investors and governments.
 Whilst it's disappointing that disruption in the global container shipping industry
 constrained alarm of production and sales in recent months.
 We have developed a major logistics option
 to reduce the future impacts
 and head into 2022 with strong optimism around the Lama's future
 and the potential for new-term FID approval at Fidalia.
 Slide 4
 where either I
 our fundamental ESG commitments and performance focus.
 and every quarter that passes
 highlights the criticality of this effort.
 Thanks for company's commencement.
 ESG excellence has been a key focus and we're beginning to see the very real impact of downstream
 customer requirements.
 and supply chain auditing bring differentiation
 between incumbent production and ourselves
 cells into sharp relief.
 During Q4, Minviro completed a detailed independent life cycle assessment of CIRA's integrated
 operations from Balama
 origin to Vidalia active anode material customer gate in accordance with ISO standards.
 LCA is a globally recognised and scientifically validated methodology to quantify, direct and
 embodied environmental impacts along the life cycle of a product or process and Minviro is
 is an independent third-party consultant
 with an established track record of life cycle assessments in the battery material space.
 The approach incorporates all material and energy inputs
 and direct emissions to air, land, and water
 associated with the production of the product or process
 and identifies environmental hotspots in the production process
 by an assessment of an overall global warming potential outcome.
 Minvira's LCA estimated that SARA's operations exhibit materially lower global warming potential
 compared with representative natural graphite
 and synthetic graphite and over-serial suppliers
 benchmarked in China.
 The company's also advancing specific projects,
 including a solar and battery system at Kalama,
 and longer term power options for Vidalia
 to further reduce the environmental impact of its operations.
 It's worth noting here that a lot of partial chain information
 being communicated to the market around LCA.
 CIRA is committed to making the full chain from mine to final product visible and encourages
 There is care to be taken in making comparisons to ensure that definitions are not being cherry-picked
 to derive a particular desired result by others.
 Specifically moving on to ESG outcomes for the quarter,
 our health, safety and environment performance remains outstanding.
 Now, tripper at Bulama was 0.5 in the December quarter,
 and the Balama tripper has remained below one since late 2018.
 Our tricker at Vidalia was again zero in the December quarter.
 We recorded a number of further positive COVID-19 cases
 at the llama late in the quarter
 after around two months with no new cases.
 All cases were minor or no symptoms and there's been no impact on operations.
 CIRA has robust COVID-19 protocols in place
 and these allow us to effectively manage its alarma without interruption.
 CSIRA has also made available and promoted vaccination
 and now 97% of employees and contractors are vaccinated at Palama.
 The company is also supporting vaccination efforts
 in its highest communities.
 We'll skip over the quarterly summary slide
 and go straight to the detail,
 and I'll hand over to Steve here
 to make some comments on the market
 and a corporate position.
 Steve?
 Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone.
 As Sean noted, 2021 was a watershed year for EV production and sales.
 There's a huge number of legacy automaker programs and model announcements demonstrating
 might be a huge number of legacy automakers.
 integration.
 Slide 5.
 Slide 6 shows our primary leading indicator.
 global electric vehicle sales.
 very positive momentum,
 continued in EV sales and penetration in the fourth quarter.
 Global EV sales grew 115% in 2021 versus 2020
 to approximately 6.2 million units
 with strong demand growth in China, Europe and the US.
 Global EV sales were more than 850,000 units in December 2021 alone.
 a staggering outcome when compared to four-year results of just over two million units only
 two years ago.
 Most analysts project further strong increases across all major geographies in 2022 and beyond,
 supported by growing consumer adoption and government policy.
 EV sales and battery demand growth are obviously causing strong momentum to flow through to demand for added material.
 as demonstrated by total Chinese active anode material production,
 increasing to a record 71,000 tonnes in December 2021.
 and Q4 representing an almost 50% increase
 on the fourth floor of the prior year.
 The trend on this front has been very strong over the past 18 months
 and our interaction with spherical graphite processors in China demonstrates very robust
 to mine.
 This demand growth has hit some supply headwinds, with both artificial graphite and natural graphite AAM supply in China being impacted by production challenges, which has reduced inventory.
 In the case of synthetic graphite activano material, the impact of power disruptions
 rising power prices, and an increased focus on emissions in Q4,
 reduced availability and increased price on the synthetic products.
 And as highlighted on slide 7, the upstream natural graphite finds market has seen strong
 demand conditions coincide
 with supply disruption amongst Chinese domestic producers.
 Major Chinese production sources have been impacted by environmental restrictions, including
 tailings, challenges, air and effluent emissions, as well as seeing the same power costs and
 disruption challenges that have impacted as synthetic graphite active anode material producers.
 These domestic Chinese market dynamics have coincided with the annual winter domestic
 production
 of
 the
 production
 resulting in very low natural graphite inventories exacerbated by import challenges caused by
 disruptions in the global shipping market
 and China logistics disruptions from COVID lockdowns.
 As a result, third-party price reporting agencies are recording significant increase
 in Chinese domestic natural graphite science prices,
 as demonstrated by the 2021 spot price chart on slide 7.
 It is important to note that SARA's weighted average price achieved may not reflect this spot price,
 as it includes prices for sales under a mix of spot and term contracts and different pricing mechanisms.
 We are, however, seeing contracted prices increasingly strong for new deals and spot
 shipments.
 Slides 8 and 9 provide the latest picture of the global and relevant regional battery
 capacity pipeline forecast and announcements, as well as the resultant graphite battery
 anode material forecast requirements.
 The growth ahead for the industry continues to strengthen, in particular for SARA's Chinese
 natural graphite target customers
 and the USA
 active amount of material market providing a very strong backdrop for the company to
 to increase production capacity utilisation of volama and a great setting for the day
 potential initial expansion.
 Moving now to the corporate front,
 Sire finished the quarter
 and a year with a cash balance of $53 million
 compared to $74 million at the end of Q3.
 Given the confidence in progressing with the daily constraints, we will be able to
 construction in the near term, and to maintain the expected project schedule, which is
 continue to
 invest in
 detail, engineering activities, and
 procurement of long-lead items of the data.
 Starra also completed the purchase of an adjacent parcel of land that will facilitate construction
 activities.
 for Medavia's initial expansion, as well as provide the required space to potentially
 expand the facility further as the market grows.
 The total amount of the daily investment through the quarter was $6 million.
 dollars.
 Shipping constraints causing lower production and sales than anticipated in Balama.
 We were not able to achieve a minimum of 15,000 tonnes per month production target, and there
 were also several one-off items through the quarter, including a 13 paycheck for local
 ones and they can stop.
 We have also extended our procurement working capital cycle
 to ensure we are not impacted by any challenges
 production inputs, while shipping transit times have extended our receivables collection
 timeframes.
 Funds continue to be received just later.
 Similarly, there is a lag between higher shipping costs being incurred at present and increased
 pricing on tons being stripped
 compared to what we're experiencing on new orders.
 However, this will balance out and there is strong upward pricing pressure through the
 audible which will more than compensate for the shipping price increases we will
 We are saying
 Thank you.
 the short to medium term, we would see shipping costs stabilising and beginning to moderate
 shipping market normalised, while current price support for Natural Graphite based on
 market sectors is very strong.
 In the current market, they are also likely to achieve prepayment of natural graphite
 sales through break bulk shipments, which will also improve working capital.
 Concurrent with the Vidalia FID processes.
 SARA continues to repeat.
 to review funding requirements
 for the initial expansion
 and has engaged with government agencies relevant to critical minerals developments.
 As a result of these initiatives and of the daily production off-take work, corporate costs were also higher than normal during the quarter.
 I'll now hand you back to Sean.
 Thanks, Steve, and starting on slide 10 through to 14,
 we move to the Lama production, sales and logistics performance in Q4.
 Whilst disappointing that the global container shipping industry disruption continues to
 to constrain production and sales.
 There are two critical takeaways beneath the headlines.
 Firstly, plant performance in the second half of 2021
 is better than in any prior period
 benefiting from ongoing incremental improvement programs.
 Secondly, we work through a major option for alleviation of the shipping constraints from
 the first quarter of 2022.
 December 2021 quarter production was constrained
 by maximum inventory positions early in the quarter
 at the Lama and Nikala, and the continual promises of improvement in container shipping
 market disruption taking longer than expected to eventuate.
 This has forced us to critically evaluate the alternatives and has led to the development
 of an additional brake bulk shipment option,
 which I'll speak to further in a moment.
 That improvement is expected to materially improve production and sales from the March
 2022 quarter.
 At the Lama, 13,000 tonnes of natural graphite was produced at 82% recovery and 19,000 tonnes
 and sold during the December 2021 quarter.
 All 20,000 tonnes of finished product inventory
 the conclusion of the quarter was contracted to customers and, in fact, much of that has
 has since been cleared with a strong start to 2022.
 Product quality was consistent with previous quarters, with stable recovery in grade, and
 we achieved a record 89% recovery in campaign operations during December.
 Our strong operational performance demonstrated
 during the campaign production runs in the quarter
 stores produce at an
 average daily production run rate of 16,000 tonnes per month pro rata and a maximum daily
 a production rate of 24,000 tonnes per month per rata.
 So we have strong confidence in increasing the llama production
 with continuous operations.
 Our C1 cash costs of US $1,159 a tonne for the quarter
 is reflective of the fixed cost base
 and low production level for the quarter.
 The Lama C1 cash cost guidance is at US$430 to $470 a tonne
 at a 15,000 tonne per month production run rate.
 Alignment unit costs are expected to reduce materially
 as the production rate increases beyond 15,000 tonnes per month.
 During a quarter, planned maintenance was also brought forward and optimisation works
 with sustaining capital and CSF development spending
 of around $2.2 million for the quarter,
 giving us a strong open run at consistent production
 as inventory levels clear.
 On slide 13, we move to some further detail on the sales side.
 Starting Q4 with more than 45,000 tonnes of sales orders,
 sold and shipped 19,000 tonnes of natural graphite
 graphite constrained by the ongoing disruption in the container market and primarily the inability
 to secure sufficient container capacity
 for Balama products on vessels sailing from Nikala
 to meet prevailing demand.
 Given the China market conditions that Steve mentioned previously,
 we are seeing exceptionally strong demand
 and forward contracting with end user customers
 and we're currently sitting with more than 18,000 tons of sales orders
 for the March quarter and backlog to work through.
 The weighted average sales price increased to US $530 a tonne shift in the December quarter
 and further price support is evident in course
 and fines markets post quarter end.
 New sales are being contracted at higher prices
 It's been achieved in the December 2021 quarter.
 Fine sales accounted for approximately 80%
 of overall product sales during the quarter,
 and the fines market is, for the first time,
 consistently exhibiting stronger price growth momentum
 than the coarse market.
 Sun-ease natural graphite supply disruption and the challenges in the shipping market
 It's severely affected China's inventory
 and restocking of natural graphite
 ahead of the seasonal winter production outages,
 and tight market conditions are expected to continue.
 The shipping availability is expected to improve
 through this quarter with additional capacity
 being added in lower seasonal competition
 expected from the agricultural sector out of Mozambique.
 Ongoing China port disruption from COVID lockdowns
 does remain a possible challenge.
 So whilst I expect container shipping availability to improve,
 taken action to improve sales and alleviate the inventory constraint on production.
 On slide 14, outlines a major new logistics option that we have developed to commence
 break-bolt shipments through Enverport.
 Thank you.
 All shipments will provide an additional export route for SARA, enabling three things, flexibility
 in managing inventory between Balama, Nikala and Pemba.
 Secondly, significantly higher alarm of product sales than can be achieved solely through
 in your car report in your containers at present,
 and then thirdly, higher production rates at the llama,
 facilitating more than 15,000 tons a month of production.
 Our first 10,000 ton break-off shipment from Pember to China is scheduled in early February
 and we have significant further customer demand
 for such shipments which have a shorter transit time,
 less likelihood of delay impacts of load and discharge,
 and an improved payment profile.
 Pemba is approximately half the distance of Nikala from Balama by road, and Saira's integrated
 logistics service provider is providing transport, port, and custom services for exports from Pender
 with additional warehousing contractors added.
 The combination of
 The Nikala container shipments and Pembert break bulk
 is expected to materially increase export sales
 and alleviate the inventory constraints
 previously impacting the llama production.
 Moving on to Vidalia on the slides 15, 16 and 17.
 we are well progressed in the processes to facilitate a final investment decision
 on the Vidalia initial expansion in the near term.
 We were very pleased in late Q4 to announce the off-take agreement executed with Tesla
 We supply 8,000 tonnes of active anode material per annum from Vidalia at a fixed price for
 for an initial term of four years.
 This agreement underpins SARA's movement
 into the final phase of assessment
 the initial vidalia expansion and also contains an option
 for an additional volume supporting evaluation
 There are further expansion beyond the initial phase consistent with the market growth and
 and announcements that we've talked about.
 Ongoing commercial and technical interactions demonstrate strong interest from other target
 customers in the remaining volumes
 and our future plans at Bedalia
 and are providing strong motivation for SARA
 to assess a potential accelerated larger expansion
 Bedelia.
 beyond the initial expansion project.
 The detailed engineering of the Vidalia initial expansion project is 50% completed and has
 supported the technology, design and operating assumptions in the Bankable Feasibility Study
 from 2020.
 In addition, the detailed engineering
 critical long lead equipment procurement completed to date is continuing to build readiness to
 proceed to construction subject
 to a final investment decision being made.
 With US$79 million of capital invested to date
 in Battaglia's operations and project development
 and the continuing development of the VEDALU team.
 The de-risking of CIRA's entry into the downstream
 active anode material market continues towards the investment decision.
 as far as we are aware
 we remain in the furthest
 progress of any company
 in the development of an ex-China
 vertically-integrated source of natural graphite active anode material,
 leveraging the size, strength and operating history of the lung with an
 an established facility and customer-supported
 the initial construction at the data.
 We're pleased to have reached this stage
 as supply chains are under increased scrutiny
 and pressure and we expect to communicate further
 around FID in the near term.
 To conclude on slide 18,
 Sarah is very positive about the period ahead.
 EV sales growth, a constructive demand environment for anode material, and Chinese supply disruption
 are driving strong demand and pricing for balama products.
 which shipping optionality, release of inventory constraints and strong demand should facilitate
 increasing volume of production beyond 15,000 tonnes per month
 and enable higher sales volumes.
 and continuation of our FID and financing processes
 are seeing this working toward a potential FRD
 for initial expansion of active anode material
 and Fidelia in the near term.
 Excuse me.
 The current market and Tyra's progress demonstrate the unique position we occupy
 with the largest global integrated
 natural graphite operation at Paloma, and the most advanced option for vertically integrated
 supply
 of
 natural dry product.
 of our knowledge material outside Asia.
 We look forward to keeping you up to date with the company's progress, and with that
 we'll move across to questions.
 Thank you.
 We'll now begin the question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question today, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for
 name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press the pound hashtag.
 Please note there might be a slight pause to ask questions to you.
 Once again, it is Star One.
 and what you'd like to be announced.
 Thank you.
 Our first question comes from the line of Saul Kavanagh from Credit Suisse.
 So please ask your question.
 Hi, gents.
 just a couple quick questions
 if I may
 particularly regarding
 and just the scope for shipping improvements,
 or perhaps just for some clarity here.
 Um,
 I don't understand the break bulk option you're referring to.
 Is that just at Pemba Report, or is that also an option you're pursuing at McCullough?
 Are you possible to just give some further colour
 on the potential scale of the volumes
 you could be getting out of PEMBO
 over the next six months.
 I'm sure I saw. Apologies for my lack of voice at the end there. I was just recovering from being unwell last week. So we'll see how we go on questions.
 With regard to break-off, certainly the initial plans that we have in place out of PEMBA,
 There is the possibility of breakable cooperation out of Nikala,
 but one of the issues at Nikala at the moment is ongoing.
 Um, um, uh,
 ongoing
 peace
 actually
 which is
 part of the issue for container shipments as well.
 So the initial plan is very much through Pemba.
 We've got good plans and set up in place
 and we'll see how the first shipments go
 and we'll provide some further guidance
 around potential later volumes as we move ahead.
 Thanks.
 Perhaps then, if I could probe in this way, you talk about a 10,000-ton break-out shipment
 for PEMBA in February.
 um
 the
 I mean, to my mind, that could indicate that, you know,
 we could get, you know, your 15KT run rate
 almost entirely out of Pemba
 if things progressed well there.
 would that be a fair
 inference, all things going well,
 timber could
 capacity could meet or even exceed
 the color?
 As I said, we'll see how things progress,
 but certainly the combination of the two is pretty powerful
 and Nicala continues to be very important for us now and in the future.
 We have a number of customers who take different sizes of shipments
 and we need to be able to service both,
 but certainly putting Pemba and Makala together
 is a pretty powerful combination
 at lifting volumes beyond 15,000 tons a month for sure.
 Thanks, and one last clarification.
 when you're
 fed to a
 kind of
 this spot volume out of Pemba.
 that's just referring to the port
 it's still going into the same contract
 Is that correct, or is this also going to a different market?
 we are doing
 most of the
 um
 breakbox shipment
 into the stock market because they are under different logistics conditions,
 They are separate contracts and obviously priced accordingly.
 Understood
 I might try my lucky a bit
 Can you give us any indication of what kind of spread
 the difference in price you're getting
 or those spot values versus contract values.
 but you know
 waking in at that 5.30?
 no
 just
 We've made some commentary there about the December quarter weighted average price being
 5.30 and obviously the sponsorship
 the process
 and strengthening significantly, so I'll leave it at that.
 Great. Thank you very much.
 Our next telephone question is from the line of Mark Fichera from Foster Stockbroking.
 Mark, please ask you a question.
 Yeah, hi, Sean. Yeah, just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the FID for Vidalia, I was obviously
 earlier you previously said
 You were looking at FID by the end of this month, now you're studying in the near term.
 I was just wondering what the reasoning is there for, I guess, the slight delay.
 and when you say new term
 I get a
 Is this in the current quarter and would it be early or late this quarter?
 and then my second question is on the
 life cycle
 assessment
 you mentioned
 in the
 cruelly that a third
 party critical reviews yet to be undertaken.
 and what are your thoughts there in terms of when you think you'll make this third-party review
 and who would
 likely do that. Thanks.
 Thanks, Mark.
 So with regard to the FID, the technical commercial operational funding elements of the FID review,
 The processes around them are well underway and progressing well.
 We recognise we communicated and targeted January,
 but the process is not completed yet.
 we will advise when they are complete.
 They're expected to be completed in the near term
 and certainly you can read that as within this quarter.
 you know there's no specific
 issues we're dealing with on that front, we're just working through the process to ensure
 we bring the best possible project to execution.
 With regard to the MinDiRO LCA assessment,
 the
 The potential for third-party independence review
 of the assessment really then provides the potential
 for an additional amount of disclosure
 around specific comparison points.
 One of the things that, you know, we mentioned this previously on prior calls is that this
 This really is an emerging area.
 we've taken the most detailed and transparent approach
 that we could
 to the full chain
 from Balama Gate
 or Balama Origin to customer gate out of Vidalia.
 We are waiting, I think, as well as doing a third-party review to see how others are
 are continuing to describe these processes
 and making sure that the comparison points are fair and valid.
 So we'll work through that in conjunction with MinViro,
 but we're really pleased with what we're seeing so far
 in terms of the general comparisons compared to China?
 right
 and just to follow through
 on that
 Sean, is this, I guess, a key selling point in terms of some of the potential off-takers
 in terms of wanting to see that LCA in terms of making a decision,
 especially given the ESG somatics.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It's certainly, you know, all potential customers
 who are engaged with us around Vidalia ESVs
 is a key focus area for them as is supply diversification,
 as is quality and cost.
 So this significant level of detail
 is something that we are able to disclose to them
 under those processes and certainly it's been very helpful on the way through so far in
 that differentiation.
 Okay, great, thanks.
 And just a reminder, it is a star one to ask a telephone question.
 Our next telephone question is from Glyn Lorcoff from Baron Joey.
 Please ask the question, Clay.
 Oh, Sean, good morning.
 Firstly, I just wanted you to talk to me a little bit more
 about the 80,000 tons of sales orders.
 I mean, that's, you know, over $25,000 a month for production.
 I mean, is that you've got to deliver that or, you know, how does that work?
 I mean, is that just what you've got, Matt, for delivery over the next six months and nine months?
 Just trying to square the circle between that comment
 and your production rate at the moment.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, sure, Glenn. The production rate has been constrained by the inventory position,
 So obviously that's been key in developing the break-off option.
 the 18,000 tonnes of sales orders ahead of us,
 a mix of previously contracted term contracts and spot sales that have been made over prior
 months.
 and even more recently in anticipation
 of clearing some of the shipping issues
 and of course, as I said earlier,
 the new spot shipments and the spot break-off shipments
 to being done under new terms as well.
 So we are endeavouring to work through the backlog as quickly as possible.
 customers
 are all essentially willing to take the material
 even though it's been delayed
 because market conditions are incredibly tight,
 not just in China, but more broadly across the global market.
 So, Sean, are you aiming to sell or ship 80,000 tons?
 and if you can get the logistics changed to work?
 Is that the inference from that comment?
 Certainly we're looking to get up above 15,000 tonnes as quickly as possible and to be clearing
 through that backlog of sales orders, for sure.
 We will have to continue booking new sales in conjunction with clearing that backlog
 because
 The break-off process gives us that opportunity
 opportunity to mix the two, to be able to clear the backlog and continue to participate
 in the current market.
 Okay, sorry, maybe I'm just a bit slow,
 I mean, even if you sell your product inventory at $20,000, that leaves you $60,000, which is $20,000 a month.
 so
 So is that sort of, you know, if this sort of sales orders continue
 and you get another 80,000 tonnes for the June quarter.
 you know
 then you've got to start pushing your business towards 20 a month
 in terms of over 20 a month in production
 and hopefully logistics change, stacks up.
 but it sounds like logistics is your bottleneck
 and your business needs to run at $20,000 plus, $25,000 a month
 if you can get logistics trained to work.
 you said
 What are you trying to tell us?
 Yes, otherwise the backlog persists so clearly we're trying to work through that backlog
 and have the logistics chain support us
 increasing production as quickly as possible
 to work through the backlog and continue to satisfy new stock demand.
 So, yes, that's what we're saying.
 and we're looking to try to lift that production rate
 as soon as the logistic support is there.
 and it's at 80,000 tonnes
 and if logistics change doesn't come through
 and you ship it in the June quarter, in the September quarter,
 But are they priced on today or is it priced on delivery?
 because obviously the price in six months' time could be much higher
 and we just don't want to be thinking you're getting this big price lift
 on orders that were placed, you know, yesterday.
 Yeah, the weighted average price is a mix of pricing mechanisms,
 mechanisms, some of which were fixed at the time contracts were put in place, some of
 which are more related to the timing of shipments,
 there will always be a lag and a difference between, you know,
 and spot market price assessments
 and what our weighted average looks like across course and times
 as well as the timing of brass is being settled.
 But, you know, that is a clear strategy that we've had in place
 to ensure that we have a mix of mechanisms
 mechanisms and a mix of different contract types so that we're not fully exposed to changes
 one way or the other in price,
 all at the same time with every counterparty.
 Okay, that's clear.
 and just the difference
 between the break bulk out of PEMBA
 and containers out in the car.
 you're selling everything on a CIS basis
 can you talk to me about the freight differential
 of shipping brake bolt versus container
 and, you know, how that market's working at the moment,
 the two
 frame rates
 Yeah, I think both shipping markets have been elevated,
 There's no doubt about that.
 that the single biggest issue for us
 has been the constraint of availability over rate
 because, you know, stock market prices were increasing
 for the product
 faster than
 than flight rides
 and we just couldn't get enough capacity out of Nikala.
 So clearly the economics around break bulk are different.
 You know, the cost structures are different.
 We have a shorter land logistics leg,
 you know, different contracting requirements around warehousing, stebedoring, etc.,
 compared to container packaging,
 that those economics have been taken into account.
 and clearly, at the moment, it makes economic sense
 from a freight rate perspective and the overall logistics costs
 to be undertaking these types of shipments.
 and
 Again, one very positive thing about this is if it evolves successfully, it opens up
 up greater logistics opportunity for us in the future,
 and it gives us exposure to slightly different cycles
 that occur through bulk shipping markets
 in container shipping market,
 So it could be very useful to us as we continue in the future.
 Can you put a quantum around one versus the other?
 right folks
 Shipping versus container.
 What's the dollar per tonne figure, please?
 Well, what was said so far around the container freight rates on a per tonne basis is that
 most of them have more than doubled through this period of disruption.
 Some time ago we were talking about an average of around $50 a tonne on a container basis.
 It's significantly above $100 on average
 across our destination suite and the component of a break-off freight,
 You know, it's not directly comparable because of the other logistics costs,
 at the moment certainly competitive with those levels.
 Okay, so it's similar.
 And then just one final question, just inventory obviously sounds like graphite inventory is quite low,
 but do you have any visibility and sense on your customer's inventory of anodes
 and even batteries in the chain
 or do you think the whole chain is quite low?
 Thanks.
 Look, I wouldn't comment too much on the battery side, but certainly on the anode side,
 You've got a situation where production rates
 rates are at record levels in China.
 You have constraints on input raw material supply.
 you have constraints on production capacity utilisation.
 So, you know, in this strange situation where the Chinese anode material producers have
 producers have actually produced at record levels,
 But to do so they've had to push really hard
 to satisfy demand downstream
 and in doing so they've really put pressure on their raw materials inventory.
 So, you know, I think there is potential challenge there
 in terms of availability of energy material supply
 as we head into 2022 on a couple of those factors around power,
 of disruption.
 availability of input material from the natural graphite side.
 You know, anecdotally of course we hear the pressure from the cell supply side that's
 It's been caused by both cathode materials and now starting to come through on the anode
 material side. Okay. Thanks very much, Sean.
 Thanks, Greg.
 There are no further questions at this time.
 I now like to hand the conference back to Mr. Sean Verter for closing remarks.
 Please go ahead.
 Well thanks to everyone for the attention today and as I said we look forward to keeping
 everybody up to date and as we work through our final investment decision processes for Vidalia
 and keep everyone up to date.
 it's a very positive evolution
 with the upstream markets.
 But thanks very much for the attention.
 Thank you all for dollying.
 You may all disconnect.
 Have a great day.
 Thanks, bye.