 Good day and thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to the Cura Resources Q-Pool.
 update conference call. At this time all participants are in a listening only mode.
 After the speaker's presentation, there'll be a question in the nonchalance session.
 to ask a question during the session,
 You need to press star one on your telephone.
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 for any assistance, it is Stalgiver.
 I'd now like to hand the conference over to you for a speaker today, to Mr. Sean Brunner.
 Thank you.
 Thanks very much. Good morning to everyone and thank you for dialing in today.
 me on the call is Stephen Wells, our Chief Financial Officer, and Vera Naveira, GM of
 business development and investor relations.
 Today SARA released its December 2021 quarterly results covering operations, market conditions
 the Vedalia project and the outlook of the natural graphite, active anode material and
 its end-use markets.
 The fourth quarter in 2021, as a whole, was an extraordinarily important period for Saira,
 positioning with something at a transformative point for the industry.
 conditions in the upstream market as the strongest they have been since the Lamas
 mentioned in 2017. It's a very strong momentum in demand growth, the existence of supply interruptions
 and rosin crosses the natural graphite.
 The electric vehicle market has shown remarkable growth through 2021, with sales doubling near
 on the year to more than 6 million units. Monthly global EV sales exceeding 800,000
 units for the first time in December, and global EV penetration reaching approximately
 growth is expected to be sustained and this is driving significant EV and battery manufacturing
 and expansion announcements and capital programs in our downstream target markets and the concurrent
 gap is evident in localised supply of input materials in the U.S. and in Europe.
 Sir is signing during the quarter of a fixed volume and price offtake agreement with Tesla
 For active anode material from the VADAD facility in the US,
 marked the importance of SIRAs integrated business in potentially starting to fill a
 part of that gap.
 And all around the world, governments and markets recognize the key role of critical
 minerals, such as graphite, in automotive electrification, and energy storage development
 towards the objective of producing carbon emissions.
 Positive ESG differentiation also continues to rise in importance.
 as greater understanding sees challenges in parts of the existing battery material supply chain.
 Each quarter we reiterate our belief in the importance of the Belama asset and our vertically
 being degraded back to their note material,
 facility at the DIA.
 to the future of this transition. And as 2021 is closed, we saw that this is becoming more
 apparent to customers, investors, and governments.
 While it's disappointing that disruption in the global container shipping industry in
 in the strain of alarmist production and sales in recent months, we have developed a major
 that there's these options to reduce the future impacts
 head into 2022 with strong optimism around the alarmist future and the potential for
 new term FID approval at SIDAVIA.
 Slide 4 reiterates our fundamental ESG commitments and performance focus, and every quarter that
 that Parsons highlights the criticality of this effort.
 Since the company's commencement ESG excellence has been a key focus and we are beginning
 to say the very real impact of dam-training customer
 requirements and supply chain auditing bring differentiation between incumbent production
 and ourselves into shock relief.
 During Q4, MINVARO completed a detailed independent life cycle assessment of SIRAs integrated
 operations from Balama origin to Vardalia Activano's material customer base.
 importance with ISO standards.
 LTA is a globally recognized and scientifically validated methodology to quantify, direct
 and embodies environmental impacts along the life cycle of a product or process and the
 Inviro is an independent third party consultant
 with an established track record of life cycle
 the second in the battery material space.
 The approach incorporates all material and energy inputs and direct emissions to air
 land and water associated with the production of a product or process and identifies environmental
 hotspots in the production process via an assessment of an overall global warming potential outcome.
 Minvara's LTA, estimated that SAR's operations exhibit materially lower global warming potential
 compared with representative natural breath on it,
 synthetic graphite and O-material supplies benchmarked in China.
 The company is also advancing specific projects, including a solar and battery system at Palama
 and longer term power options for the data to further reduce the environmental impact
 to the upper eye sheath.
 It's worth noting here that a lot of partial chain information is being communicated to
 the market around LCI.
 Saira is committed to making the full chain from mine to final product visible
 and encourages care to be taken in making comparisons
 to ensure that definitions are not being cherry picked to derive a particular desired result by others.
 Specifically, moving on to ESG outcomes for the quarter, our health, safety and environment
 performance remains outstanding.
 Our tripper at the Llama was 0.5 in the December quarter and the Llama tripper has remained
 below one since late 2018.
 Our trekker at Vidalha was again zero in the December quarter.
 He reported a number of further positive COVID-19 cases at the Llama late in the quarter after
 around two months with no new cases. All cases were minor or no symptoms and there's been
 no impact on operations.
 Mara has robust COVID-19 protocols in place, and these allow us to effectively manage it
 Salama without interruption.
 SIRRA has also made available and promoted vaccination and now 97% of employees and contractors
 that's noted at Palama.
 The company is also supporting vaccination efforts in its host communities.
 We'll skip over the quarterly summary slide and go straight to the detail and I'll hand
 over to Steve here to make some comments on the market and corporate position.
 Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone.
 As Sean noted, 2021 was a watershed year for EV production and sales.
 The huge number of legacy you want to make a program on model announcements demonstrating
 mainstream integration.
 Slide 6 shows our primary leading indicator, global electric vehicle sales.
 positive momentum, continued EV sales and penetration in the fourth quarter.
 global EV sales for 115% in 2021 versus 2020 to approximately 6.2 million units with strong
 demand growth in China, Europe and the U.S.
 level Meh ve files
 into
 150,000 units in December 2021 alone.
 A staggering outcome when compared to four-year results of just over two million units, only
 to years ago.
 Most families project further strong increases across all major geographies in 2022, and the
 beyond supported by growing consumer adoption and government policy.
 We'll see.
 Evening sails and battery demand growth are obviously causing a strong momentum to flow
 of demand for added material.
 as demonstrated by total Chinese active annular material production, increasing to a record
 71,000 tonnes in December 2021 and Q4 representing an almost 50% increase on the 4th floor of
 prior year.
 The trend on this front has been very strong over the past 18 months, and our interaction
 with ...
 historical wrap-up processes in China,
 demonstrate very robust demand.
 This demand goes into some supply headwinds with both artificial graphite and natural graphite
 AAM supply in China being impacted by production challenges, which has reduced inventory.
 In the case of synthetic graphite activonode material, the impact of power disruptions
 rising power prices and an increased focus on emissions in Q4, reduced availability and
 an increased price on the synthetic products.
 and that's how I line it on slide seven.
 The F-Street Natural Replyed Bonds Market has seen strong demand conditions go inside
 of supply disruption amongst China's domestic producers.
 Major Chinese production sources had been impacted by environmental restrictions, including
 tailings challenges, air and airflow emissions, as well as seeing the same power costs and
 disruption challenges that have impacted the synthetic graphite active anode material
 produces.
 These domestic Chinese market dynamics have coincided with the annual winter domestic production
 in that period.
 resulting in very low natural graphite inventories,
 Excavated by inboard challenges caused by disruption in the global shipping market and channeled
 and logistics disruptions from COVID lockdowns.
 As a result, third party price reporting agencies
 are recording significant increase
 in Chinese domestic natural graphite science prices
 as demonstrated by the 2021 spot price chart on slide 7.
 It is important to note that Sira's weighted average price achieved may not reflect this
 spot price, as it includes prices for sales under a mixed spot and term contracts and
 different processing mechanisms.
 We are, however, seeing contracts and prices increasingly strong for new deals and spot
 achievements.
 Slide days and nine provide the latest picture of the global and relevant regional battery
 manufacturing capacity pipeline forecast and announcements as well as the
 the resultant graphite battery anti-material forecast requirements.
 The growth ahead for the industry continues to strengthen, in particular for Saira's Chinese
 natural graphite target customers, and the U.S.A. Anki Manon material market, providing
 and very strong backdrops for the company
 to increase production capacity utilization of Olima.
 and a bright setting for the data's potential initial expansion.
 We're moving out of the corporate front.
 have finished the poor and the year with a cash balance of $53 million US dollars compared
 $74 million at the end of Q3.
 given the confidence in progressing with the daily construction in the near term
 And to maintain the expected project schedule, we continue to invest in detailed engineering
 activities and procurement of long-lead items of the day here.
 So I have also completed the purchase of an adjacent parcel of land that will still take
 construction activities for Bolivia's initial expansion, as well as provide the required
 space to potentially expand the facility further as the market grows.
 The total amount of the daily investment through the quarter was $6 million.
 dollars. With shipping constraints for the lower production of the silence and
 We were not able to achieve a minimum of 15,000 tons per month production target.
 There are also several one-off items through the quarter,
 including a 13-page check for local Mozambique and Start.
 We have also extended our procurement working capital cycle to ensure we are not impacted
 by any challenges, production inputs.
 more sitting trains at times to the extent that our receivables collection time frames.
 and continue to be received just later.
 Similarly, there is a lack between higher shipping costs being incurred at the present
 and increased pricing on tons being shipped,
 compared to what we're experiencing on yours.
 However, this will balance out and there is strong upward pricing pressure through the
 which will more than compensate for the shipping price increases we have seen.
 Over the short and medium term, we would see shipping costs stabilizing and beginning to
 to moderate should the shipping market normalise, while current price support for natural graphite
 by some market factors is very strong.
 In the current market, they'll also likely to achieve prepayment of natural graphite sales
 which will also improve working capital.
 Encounter it with a Vardalia or FID process, so it continues to review funding requirements
 for the initial expansion and has engaged with government agencies relevant to pretty
 to the next video.
 Thank you.
 As a result of these initiatives and of the data and production off-cake works,
 Corporate costs were also higher than normal during the quarter.
 I'll now hand you back to Sean.
 Thanks Steve, and starting on slide 10 through to 14, we move to the Llama production sales
 and logistics performance in Q4.
 whilst disappointing that the global container shipping industry disruption continues to
 you can train production in sales.
 there are two critical takeaways beneath the headlines.
 Firstly, plant performance in the second half of 2021 is better than in any prior period
 benefiting from ongoing incremental improvement programs.
 And secondly, we worked through a major option
 for alleviation of the shipping constraint
 from the first quarter of 2022.
 December 2021 quarter production was constrained by a maximum inventory positions early in
 the quarter at the Llama and the Kala, and the continual promises that have been approved
 in container shipping market disruption taking longer than expected to eventuate.
 This forces to critically evaluate the alternatives and has led to the development of an additional
 breakbox, shift an option which I'll speak to further in a moment.
 That improvement is expected to materially improve production sales from the March 2022
 water. At the Lama, 13,000 tons of natural graphite was produced with 82% recovery and
 19,000 tons sold during the December 2021 quarter.
 All 20,000 tonnes of finished product inventory at the conclusion of the quarter was contracted
 to customers and, in fact, much of that has since been cleared with a strong start to
 to 2022.
 quality was consistent with previous quarters, with stable recovery in grade and we achieved
 we achieved a record 89% recovery in campaign operations during December.
 Our strong operational performance demonstrated during the campaign production runs in the
 quarter saw us produce at an average daily production run rate of 16,000 tons per month
 per month per rata, and a maximum daily production rate of 24,000 tons per month per rata.
 So we have strong confidence in increasing the line of production with continuous operations.
 Our C1 cash cost of US$1,159 a tonne to the quarter is reflective of a fixed cost base
 and low production level for the quarter.
 The line of C1 cash cost guidance is at US$430 to $470 a tonne at a 15,000 tonne per month
 production run rate.
 The Army unit costs are expected to reduce materially as the production rate increases
 beyond 15,000 tons per month.
 During the quarter, planned maintenance was also brought forward in optimization works
 completed with sustaining capital and CSF development,
 spending of around $2.2 million for the quarter, giving us a strong open run at consistent
 production as inventory levels clear.
 On slide 13, we move to some further detail on the sales side.
 Starting Q4 with more than 45,000 tons of sales orders.
 SIR has sold and shipped 19,000 tonnes of natural graphite constrained by the ongoing disruption
 in the container market and primarily the inability to secure sufficient container
 capacity for Belonging products on vessels sailing from Nicala to meet prevailings in
 Given the China market conditions that Steve mentioned previously, we are seeing exceptionally
 strong demand and poor contracting with energy to customers and we currently see with more
 than 80,000 tons of sales orders for the March quarter and backlog to work through.
 The weighted average sales price increased to U.S. $530 a tonne a year from December
 quarter and further price support is evident in course in fines markets post quarter end.
 The new sales are being contracted at higher prices than achieved in the December 2021 quarter.
 The fines sales accounted for approximately 80% of overall product sales during the quarter
 And the find market is the first time consistently exhibiting stronger price growth momentum
 than the course market.
 Sonny's natural graphite supply disruption and the challenges in the shipping market to
 It's really effective, Johnny.
 inventory and restocking of natural graphite ahead of the seasonal winter production outages
 and tight market conditions are expected to continue.
 Container shipping availability is expected to improve through this quarter with additional
 capacity being added in lower seasonal competition expected from the agricultural sector out
 of Mozambique.
 Ongoing China port disruption from COVID lockdowns does remain a possible challenge.
 So whilst I expect container shipping availability to improve,
 We've taken action to improve sales and alleviate the inventory constraint on production.
 Slide 14 outlines a major new logistics option that we have developed to prevent breakbox
 shipments through handbook port.
 All shipments will provide an additional export route for SARA, enabling 3 things, flexibility
 in managing inventory between Balaamah, Makala and Pemba.
 Secondly, significantly higher, the Lama product sales can be achieved solely through
 in the Kala Port in containers and presents.
 and then thirdly, higher production rates at the Llama facilitating more than 15,000
 10,000 suns a month of production.
 Our first 100,000-ton breakbox shipment from Pemberton, China is scheduled in early February
 We have significant further customer demand for such shipments which have a shorter transit
 time, less likelihood of delay impacts of load and discharge and an improved payment
 profile.
 Pemba is approximately half the distance from the Kala from Balaama by road, and Saira is
 Our integrator's logistic service provider is providing transport, port and custom services
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 with additional warehousing contractors added.
 Combination of Macaulay container shipments and Pembroke brake bulk is expected to materially
 increased export sales and alleviate the inventory constraints previously impacting the Llama
 production.
 Moving on to Vidalia on the slides 15, 16 and 17, we are well-progressed in the processes
 to facilitate a final investment decision on the Vidalia initial expansion in the near
 term.
 We were very pleased in late Q4 to announce the off-take agreement executed with Tesla
 to supply 8,000 tonnes of active anode material per annum from Vardalia at a fixed price for
 for an initial term of four years.
 agreement underpin Saira's movement into the final phase of assessment for the initial
 with a value expansion.
 and also contains an option for additional volume supporting evaluation, the further
 extension beyond the initial base consistent with the market growth and announcements that
 that we've talked about.
 Ongoing commercial and technical interactions demonstrate strong interest from other target
 customers in the remaining volumes and our future plans at Vidalia, and are providing
 Having strong motivation for SARS to assess a potential accelerated, larger expansion
 at Bidalia beyond the initial expansion project.
 The cloud engineering of the Vidalia initial expansion project is 50% completed and has
 supported the technology, design and operating assumptions in the bankable feasibility study
 Thank you for your time.
 In addition, the detailed engineering and critical long lead equipment procurement completed
 to date is continuing to build readiness to proceed to construction subject to a final
 investment season being made.
 The US$79 million of capital invested to date in Betalier's operations and project
 development and the continuing development of the value of team, the deep-risking of
 SIR's entry into the downstream active annode material market continues to
 towards the investment decision.
 As far as we are aware, we remain the furthest progressed of any company in the development
 of an ex-China, vertically integrated source of natural graphite active anode material,
 leveraging the size, strength, and operating history of the Lamas,
 with an established facility and customers supported initial construction at the day
 Thank you.
 We're pleased to have reached this stage as supply chains are under increased scrutiny
 and pressure, and we expect to communicate further around FID in the near term.
 To conclude on slide 18, SARA is very positive about the period ahead.
 EV sales growth, a constructive demand environment for anode materials in Chinese supply disruption
 a driving strong demand and passing for the land products.
 increased shipping optionality,
 The lease of inventory constraints and strong demand should facilitate increasing alarm
 from a production beyond 15,000 tons per month, and enable higher sales volumes, and
 continuation of our FID and financing processes are seeing this working toward a potential
 FID for initial expansion with active anode material at the data in near term.
 Excuse me.
 The current market and sorry, progress demonstrate the unique position we occupy with the largest
 global integrated natural graphite operation at Paloma and the most advanced option for
 vertically, and you've got to supply a natural graphite
 Thank you very much.
 I appreciate it.
 We look forward to keeping you up to date with the company's progress and with that
 That will move across to questions.
 Thank you. We'll now begin the question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question today, please press Style 1 on your telephone and wait for
 to be announced.
 If you want to know more about this, go to www.multi-moto.com for more information.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press the poundage key.
 please note there might be a slight pause at sql since Q.
 Once again, it is Star One, and we'll see you next week.
 Thank you.
 Our first question comes to the line, so have a neck from credit to this.
 please ask a question.
 Hi, gents.
 Just a couple of quick questions, if I may, particularly regarding just the scope for
 of shipping the improvements.
 Perhaps we'll just do some clarity here.
 I understand the break bulk you're referring, the break bulk option you're referring to,
 Is that just that Pemba report or is that also an option you're pursuing out in the
 colour?
 possible to just give some further color on the potential scale of the volumes you could
 be getting out of Pembo over the next six months.
 I'm sure also apologies for my lack of voice at the end there, I was just recovering from
 being well last week, so we'll see how we go on questions.
 With regard to breakbox, certainly the initial plans that we have in place out of PEMDA,
 the possibility of Greg Ball Corporation out of Nicala
 But one of the issues at Nicaragua at the moment is ongoing discussion, which is part
 out of the issue for container shipments as well.
 So the initial plan is very much to remember, we've got good plans and set up in place
 and we'll see how the first shipments go and we'll provide security guidance around potential
 lighted volumes as we move ahead.
 Thanks.
 And if I could probe it this way, you talk about a 10,000 ton brake pulse shipment for
 PENBAR in February. To my mind that could indicate that, you know, we could get, you
 you know, your 15KT run rate almost entirely out of pen bar,
 if things progressed well there.
 Would that be a fair inference?
 things going well, timber capacity could meet or even exceed the colour.
 As I said, we'll see how things progress all, but certainly the combination of the two is pretty powerful.
 And, you know, Nicala continues to be very important for us now and in the future.
 We have a number of customers who take different sizes of shipments and you need to be able
 of a service folks, but certainly putting Pemba and Makala together is a pretty powerful
 combination at lifting volumes beyond 15,000 tonnes a month for short.
 Thanks. One last clarification.
 refer to kind of this spot volume out of 10 bar. That's just referring to the port. It's
 is still going into the same contract.
 Is that correct or is this also going to a different market?
 We are doing most of the...
 the break-off shipment into the stock market because they are under different logistics
 conditions via separate contracts and obviously priced accordingly.
 I understood.
 I might try my luck here, but can you give us any indication of what kind of spread we
 difference in price you're getting with those spot volumes versus contract volumes.
 You know, he's biting you into that fog, Shetty.
 No, we've made some commentary there about the December quarter weighted average price
 being 530 and obviously the spot shouldn't be being above that and strengthening significantly
 So I'll leave it at that.
 All right, thank you very much.
 Our next relevant question is from the line of Mark Pichera from Foster Stock Parking.
 Please ask your question.
 Yeah, hi, Sean.
 Yeah, just a couple of questions.
 Firstly, on the FID for Zagalia, I was obviously earlier, you previously said you were looking
 and then if I do by the end of this mark,
 now you're studying in the need to.
 I was just wondering what the reasoning is there for the slight delay and when you say
 Thank you, Tim.
 whether is this in the current quarter and would it be earlier like this quarter.
 Then my second question is on the life cycle assessment you mentioned in the quarterly
 that a third party critical review is yet to be undertaken, what are your thoughts
 in terms of when you think you'll make the third party review and who would likely do
 that.
 Thanks.
 uh...
 maxi
 With regard to the FID, the technical, commercial operation and funding elements of the FID review,
 The processes around them are well underway and progressing well.
 We recognise we communicated and targeted January, but the process is not completed yet.
 We will advise when they are complete.
 They're expected to be completed in the near term and certainly you can read that as with
 in this quarter.
 You know, those specific issues we're dealing with on that front, which is working through
 the process to ensure we bring the best possible project to execution.
 With regard to the Munzaro LTA assessment, the potential for third party independence
 review of the assessment really then provides the potential for an additional amount of
 disclosure around specific comparison points.
 One of the things that, you know, we mentioned this previously on prior calls is that this
 This really is an emerging area.
 we've taken the most detailed and transparent approach that we could to the full chain from
 from Belarmer Gate to Belarmer Origin to customer gates out of Bidalia and we are waiting
 I think as well as doing a third party review to see how others are continuing to describe
 these processes and making sure that the comparison points are fair and valid.
 So, we'll work through that in conjunction with Mindara, but we're really pleased with
 what we're seeing so far in terms of the general comparisons compared to China.
 Right.
 And just to follow through on that, Sean, is this, I guess, a key selling point in terms
 of some of the potential offtakers in terms of wanting to see that LCA in terms of making
 in the season, especially given the U.S. Jason Maddox.
 Yes, exactly. It's certainly all potential customers who are engaged with us around
 Vidalia, ESVs is a key focus area for them as is supply diversification, as is quality
 costs. So this significant level of detail is something that we are able to disclose to
 among of those processes and certainly it's been very helpful on the way through so far
 in that differentiation.
 Okay, great. Thanks
 And just a reminder, it is a style one to ask a telephone question.
 Our next telephone question is from Lynn Loca from Baron Joey.
 Please ask a question, please.
 I'll show in good morning.
 Firstly, I just want you to talk to me a little bit more about the 80,000 tons of sales orders.
 I mean, that's over 25,000 a month of production.
 I mean, you said you've got to deliver that, or, you know, how does that work?
 I mean is that just what you've got in that delivery over the next six months and nine months?
 Just trying to square the circle between that comment and your production rate at the moment.
 The production rate has been constrained by the inventory position, so obviously that's
 in developing the breakbox option. The 18,000 tons of sales orders ahead of it, so a mix
 of previously contracted term contracts and spot sales have been made over prior months
 and even more recently in anticipation of clearing some of the shipping issues and of
 as I said earlier, the new spot break-up shipments being done under new terms as well.
 So we are endeavouring to work through the backlog as quickly as possible, customers
 Thank you.
 Bye.
 essentially willing to take the material, even though it's been delayed, because market
 conditions are incredibly tight, not just in China, but more broadly across the global
 market? So, Sean, are you aiming to sell or ship 80,000
 and if you can get the logistics change to work. Is that the inference from that comment?
 That's certainly where we're looking to get up above 15,000 tons as quickly as possible
 and to be clearing through that backlog of sales orders, for sure.
 We will have to continue booking new sales in conjunction with clearing that backlog
 because the brake lock process gives us that opportunity to mix the two to be able to clear
 the backlog and continue to participate in the current market.
 Okay, sorry, maybe I'm just a bit slow, but I mean even if you sell your product inventory
 at 20.
 That leaves you 60, which is 20,000 a month, so is that sort of, you know, if this sort
 of sales orders continuing to get another 80,000 tons for the June quarter, you've got
 to start pushing your business towards 20 a month in terms of over 20 a month in production
 and hopefully the logistics change stacks up.
 but it sounds like we're just exceed your bottleneck.
 and your business needs to run at 20 plus thousand, 25,000 a month if you can get logistics
 It's trying to work.
 Is that what you're trying to tell us?
 Yeah, otherwise the backlog persists, so clearly we're trying to work through that backlog
 and have the logistics chain support of increasing production as quickly as possible to work
 through the backlog and continue to satisfy a new spot demand, so yes, that's what we're
 And we're looking to try to lift that production rate as soon as we'll do six supporting there.
 It is at 80,000 tons and if logistics chain doesn't come through and you ship it in the
 the June quarter and the September quarter.
 Are they priced on today or is it priced on delivery?
 obviously the price in six months time could be much higher and we just don't want to get we
 We don't want to be thinking you're getting this big price lift on orders that would place,
 you know yesterday
 Yeah, the weighted average class is a mix of, um,
 passing mechanism, some of which were fixed at the time contracts are put in place, some
 of which are more related to timing of shipments, there will always be a lag and a difference
 between, you know, spot market price assessments and what our laden average looks like across
 and finds it as well as the timing of process being settled, but that is a clear strategy
 that we've had in place.
 to ensure that we have a mix of mechanisms and a mix of different contract types so that
 not fully exposed to changes one way or the other in price all at the same time in every
 can of body.
 Okay, that's clear.
 And just the difference between the break bulk out of Pember and container down in the
 You're selling everything on a CAF basis is can you talk to me about the freight differential
 shipping broke broke broke break vault versus container and you know and how that
 Mark is looking at a moment of the two Friday nights.
 Yeah, I think both shipping markets have been elevated, there's no doubt about that, the
 the single biggest issue for us has been the constraint of availability overraped because
 stock market prices were increasing for the product faster than freight rates and we just
 couldn't get enough capacity out of Nicaragua. So clearly the economics around breakbox are
 You know, the cost structures are different.
 We have a shorter land logistic leg, different contracting requirements around warehousing
 stevedoring, et cetera, compared to consignment
 That can be good.
 Perfect.
 been taken into account and clearly at the moment it makes economic sense from a great
 perspective and the overall logistics costs to be undertaking these these types of shipments.
 And, you know, one very positive thing about this is if it evolves successfully, you know,
 You know, it opens up greater logistic opportunity for us in the future and it gives us exposure
 to slightly different cycles that occur through box shipping markets and container shipping
 So it could be very useful to us as we continue in the future.
 Can you put a quantum around one versus the other, break bulk shooting versus container?
 What's the dollar per ton figure?
 Please?
 Well, what we said so far around the container freight rates on a per-time basis used, but
 Most of them are more than doubled through this period of disruption, you know,
 some time ago we were talking about an average of around $50 a ton on a container basis.
 basis, it's significantly above $100 on average across our destination suite and the component
 of a break off break, it's not directly comfortable because of the other logistics costs at the
 moment certainly competitive with those levels.
 Okay, so it's similar and then just one final question just inventory obviously sounds like graphite inventory is is quite low
 Do you have any visibility and sense on your customer's inventory of anodes and even batteries
 in the chain or do you think the whole chain is quite low?
 Thanks.
 I look up.
 I wouldn't comment too much on the battery side, but certainly on the anode side you've
 You've got a situation where production rates are at record levels in China.
 You have constraints on input raw material supply, you have constraints on production
 capacity utilisation. So you're in a strange situation where the Chinese
 and other material producers have actually produced at record levels, but to do so, they've
 have to push really hard to satisfy demand downstream and in doing so they're really
 a quick pressure on the raw materials in the tray.
 So, I think there is potential challenge there
 in terms of the availability of NO material supply as we head into 2022 on a couple of
 Those factors around health, power disruption.
 availability of input material from the natural graphite side, you know, anecdotally of course
 we hear the pressure from the cell supply side that's being caused by both cathode
 materials and now starting to come through on the end of the material stock.
 Okay. Thanks very much, Sean.
 Thanks
 There are no further questions at this time.
 I'd now like to hand the conference back to Mr. Schoenverter for closing remarks.
 Go ahead.
 Thanks to everyone for your attention today, and as I said, we look forward to keeping
 everybody up to date and as we work through our final investment student
 processes for the data and keep everyone up to date with the very positive evolution of
 the upstream markets.
 Thanks very much for your attention.
 Thank you all for dialing.
 You may all disconnect.
 Have a great day.
 And goodbye.