 Well, thank you, Ken and Steve.
 And thank you for getting the company
 to where we are today.
 Now, as all of you might imagine, Ken and Steve have a lot of people to talk to about
 There's news, employees, customers, partners, the media, and many more.
 So we're going to let them go off to attend to all these discussions, and Toby and I will
 We'll stay here to talk to you about our latest financial results and outlook.
 You would start by building on what both Ken and Steve said in their remarks.
 And you can see in our performance that our simple financial model is working.
 We are driving revenue growth across our diverse businesses, leveraging our fixed cost-based
 to drive expensive efficiencies and steadily returning capital to shareholders, all of which
 are combining to drive the type of steady EPS performance
 for which American Express has long been known.
 With this as context, let's turn our attention to
 slide three of our investor presentation, where we'll jump into our third quarter results.
 of 8.4 billion was up 9% versus the third quarter of 2016. Excluding the impact of FX were the
 dollar weakened a bit versus the prior year for the first time in a while, adjusted revenue
 Revenue growth was 8% consistent with the adjusted revenue growth rate from Q2-17.
 I'll come back to the Drivers of Revenue Growth in a few minutes, but we are pleased
 with our steady performance across the different customer segments we serve and the different
 geographies in which we operate.
 Net income grew 19% in the quarter while earnings per share was $1.50 up, 25% from the third
 quarter of 2016 as we continue to steadily buy back shares.
 Looking at the income statement, many of you will have noted that we have an unusually
 low tax rate of roughly 26% this quarter.
 the lower tax rate.
 results primarily from the realization
 of certain foreign tax credits in the current quarter.
 as well as an ongoing shift in the geographic mix
 of our earnings.
 In the quarter, we also incurred discrete charges
 related to our U.S. loyalty coalition business.
 our U.S. prepaid business, and the recent hurricanes in Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico.
 I'll provide a bit more detail on these later in my remarks, but the aggregate impact of
 these discrete charges equates to approximately $0.12 of earnings per share.
 So looking at both the lower tax rate
 and these discrete charges together,
 And that impact to EPS is minimal.
 And we believe the third quarter EPS of $1.50 is a good indicator of the underlying core
 a performance of the business.
 These results brought our return on equity
 for the 12 months ending in September to 23%.
 are we performance is below our historical performance primarily due to the uneven quarterly
 earnings we experienced last year in 2016. If you simply look at our expected earnings
 range for the full year 2017 and our equity position.
 our ROE should trend back towards our historical level
 as we end the year.
 Moving now to our metrics,
 starting with Build Business Performance Strengthens,
 which you see several views of on slide four through six.
 Worldwide, FX-adjusted billings grew 8% in the quarter versus the prior year, consistent
 with the adjusted growth rate over the last few quarters.
 And when we look at the segment view on slide five,
 you see consistent performance
 across the segments this quarter.
 Moving to slide six, we have added a view of Billings-Crow's, bringing together several
 ways we have talked about our broad-ranging growth opportunities in recent years.
 Before we get into the details, let me remind you that our global commercial and global
 consumer segments are roughly the same size, representing 40 percent and 43 percent of
 billings, respectively.
 global network services makes up the remaining 17% of buildings.
 In the global commercial segment, the first two bars represent customers who are small
 and mid-sized enterprises, or SMEs, defined as clients with less than $300 million in
 annual revenues.
 We have consistently seen strong growth from SMEs, and this continued in the third quarter.
 SME Billings grew at 10% in the third quarter, while international SME, which has been one
 of our highest growth areas recently was even more robust, with FX adjusted growth of 15%.
 The large and global customer segment grew at 5% on an FX adjusted basis this quarter
 up modestly from prior recorders.
 This customer group represents just 10%
 of our overall billings, but is critical from a scale and relevance perspective, although
 we expect this segment to show more modest growth rates.
 In global consumer, the U.S. represents around 31 percent of the company's billings and is
 is growing, it's 7%.
 consumer premium space remains competitive.
 we are seeing strong results.
 and our U.S. consumer, platinum friend.
 U.S. consumer platinum volumes and card number numbers.
 continue to be at record levels.
 since we rolled out new features and benefits starting
 in Q4 of last year.
 International consumer is up 13% on an FX-adjusted basis.
 driven by our operations in countries such as Japan, the UK, and Australia, all of which
 are up 18 to 19 percent adjusted for FX.
 Keep in mind, these volumes represent our proprietary cards where the closed loop model
 enables us to offer strong value propositions
 that are driving Billings' momentum.
 Finally, FX-adjusted billing growth for our network business was 4%.
 A modest slowdown from last quarter and in line with our expectations.
 As we've said before, with evolving regulations in Europe and Australia, we expect network
 volumes in those geographies to decline over time.
 As we adapt to these new regulations,
 We would expect our proprietary international billings to grow faster than network partner
 billings.
 Overall, we feel good about all the diverse sources of growth across our business segments
 and geographies.
 Although we have some headwinds from regulation
 in markets around the world, an intense competition
 in the U.S. We are particularly excited about the opportunities we have in high growth areas
 like SME and international consumer, which reflect the diversity of our business model.
 Getting next to loan performance on slide 7, our loan growth accelerated to 14 percent
 on a reported basis and a 13% on an FX-adjusted basis.
 Once again, more than 50% of the new loans added to our portfolio
 are coming from existing customers this quarter.
 in line with the strategy we first laid out in early 2016.
 before we get into our lending metrics.
 I thought it would be helpful to take a step back
 and review our overall lending strategy, which, as a reminder, drives just a modest portion
 of our overall revenues.
 With net interest income coming in at 20%
 of our total two, three revenues.
 over the last several years, and in particular,
 with the portfolio sales last year.
 The mix of our loan book has changed, with co-brand card loans representing a smaller
 portion of the portfolio, and AMEX branded car loans making up a greater portion of the
 portfolio. This shift in our portfolio leads to higher yields and as we have
 said before, also higher loss rates.
 taken together, this generates attractive lending
 And you see the individual dynamics playing out across both our yield and lending credit metrics.
 For example, on the right side of slide seven, you can see net interest yields increased
 against sequentially to 10.7%.
 The shift in the portfolio I just described is one of the
 of this steady sequential increase,
 along with a few other factors we mentioned last quarter,
 including a shift in the mix of revolving loans
 towards higher APRs, including having a smaller portion
 introductory rates.
 pricing action taken in recent quarters.
 and benchmark interest rates increasing more
 and our overall funding costs.
 And we are pleased with our progress here, though at some point, we expect net interest
 markets...
 to stabilize, and as a result, we expect the year over your growth and net interest income
 to slow from current levels.
 Turning next to credit metrics on slide 8, you see the upward trend, as expected, consistent
 with the same shift in the portfolio I just described.
 The world-wide lending write-off rate was 1.8% for the quarter.
 Let me remind you that if you compare to last year,
 The write-off rate in two, three, 2016
 was slightly elevated due to Costco loans that were not
 sold as part of the portfolio sale.
 In the third quarter, the delinquency rate was 1.3%,
 in line with our expectations.
 and again, higher than the prior year due primarily to the mix shift in the loan portfolio.
 Moving to slide nine, provision expense for the quarter is $769 million and you can clearly
 We see that we continue to build reserves to account for the growth in months, which
 has exceeded our expectations, as well as the related
 seasoning in our loan portfolio and the mixed shift towards annex branded products that I just discussed.
 A small part of the reserve build also relates to the hurricanes, which we estimated around
 $20 million in the quarter.
 This does include an estimate for Puerto Rico.
 we have a more limited amount of information available.
 We are, of course, doing many things to support our card members and merchants, and we'll
 closely monitor the situation in the coming months.
 Looking forward, we continue to expect provision
 to grow at a higher rate than loans
 as we progress on our lending strategy.
 So I would expect the year-over-year growth rate in Q4 to move down towards the average
 for the full year.
 We feel good about the trade-off between risk in the portfolio, profitability, and growth,
 and believe we have a long runway
 to grow our share of our customers' borrowing behaviors.
 Turning to our revenue performance on slide 10, FX adjusted revenue was up 8%.
 We are pleased with another quarter of strong revenue growth coming from a broad range of
 of diverse business opportunities.
 looking now at the components of revenue on slide 11.
 First, discount revenue was up 6% driven
 by the strong growth in build business.
 Net card fees growth was five percent.
 If you look back to the third quarter last year, we had a small, non-recurring benefit
 that we are growing over this court.
 Considering this, our growth this quarter
 remains consistent with our recent trends.
 This quarter also had a very small impact
 from the platinum fee increase
 for existing U.S. consumer card members.
 since the results would only show a one month impact
 or card members whose anniversary date is in September.
 While it is still early, we are pleased to see
 strong card member engagement, acquisition, and renewal trends
 with the refreshed U.S. consumer platinum value proposition.
 proposition.
 Court fees and commissions grew 11 percent in the second quarter while other revenues
 declined by 10%.
 The decline in other revenues was primarily driven
 by prior year revenue from a small business.
 we sold in Q4 of last year.
 Net interest income grew by 26% driven by the higher net interest yield we discussed earlier and higher adjusted loan balances
 Turning the discount rate on slide 12, the reported discount rate was 2.42 percent, down
 five basis points in the prior year.
 And the ratio of discount revenue to build business
 was 1.76% down four basis points from last year.
 You'll remember the right side of slide 12
 from our investor date this March.
 where we talked about the factors driving erosion
 in our discount rate.
 The biggest drivers of erosion in the third quarter were merchant-specific negotiations
 across the globe and our opt blue efforts in the U.S. consistent with what we described
 at the investor day in March.
 In addition to the drivers we described in March, we did see a slightly larger than expected
 impact from mix in part due to strong growth outside the U.S.
 Turning now to expenses on slide 13.
 Performance varied across the lines,
 And I'll discuss changes to the marketing and promotion
 rewards and card member services expenses when I come back to spending on card member
 or engagement in just a minute.
 But first, let me cover operating expenses.
 total operating expenses were flat to the prior year.
 However, as I mentioned earlier, there were discrete charges
 impacting operating expense,
 this year and last year.
 In 2316, we incurred a restructuring charge related to our initiatives
 to remove $1 billion from our cost base.
 In 2317, we took discrete charges
 related to our U.S. loyalty coalition business and our U.S. prepaid business.
 In the U.S. loyalty business, you may have recently seen announcements from certain founding
 partners of plenty regarding their future loyalty plans.
 Having given these changes, we are in confidential discussions with a few remaining, plenty sponsors
 regarding the future of the program.
 as a result of these partner announcements
 and the evolving state of the U.S. program,
 We have taken an impairment charge and a related restructuring charge for the U.S. loyalty
 coalition business this quarter.
 Before moving on, I would remind you that we run a similar program, Payback, in five other
 of countries with a particularly well-established law
 running program in Germany.
 Prepaid business.
 The charges were related to the recently announced distribution agreement with income.
 Operating expenses adjusted for these discreet charges in both years decline by 4% consistent
 with the year-over-year change on an adjusted basis
 that we saw in Q2.
 We are making solid progress on our cost-production initiatives, and we remain confident that
 we will remove $1 billion from the company's cost base on a run rate basis by the end of
 2017. As we have previously mentioned, given our revenue performance and accelerated progress
 on our cost savings initiatives.
 We have taken the opportunity to selectively reinvest into areas of the business that we
 will help drive continued revenue growth going forward.
 Finally, on slide 13, as I've previously discussed, our effective tax rate for the quarter
 was 26% down from 34% a year ago to primarily to the realization of certain foreign tax
 credits in the current year and an ongoing shift in the geographic mix of
 burnings.
 Going forward, we estimate our ongoing tax rate will be approximately 32% given the changes to our geographic mix of earnings.
 Of course, the rate in any given period can be further impacted by discrete tax items
 as we saw in Q3.
 Moving to the summary of our card member engagement spending on slide 14,
 Total engagement spending in Q3 was $3.1 billion.
 flat, sequentially, and up 11% versus the prior year.
 Looking at the components of that spending,
 M&P was down 12% versus Q316.
 As a reminder, we expect marketing and promotion
 to be down significantly for the full-year relative to 2016,
 as we realize efficiencies in our marketing spend
 and move beyond the unique investment opportunities
 we had in the second half of 2016.
 I would point out that given our overall strong financial performance here to date, we have
 chosen to selectively reinvest into growth opportunities for the medium to long-term.
 As we look at the effectiveness of our marketing spend,
 we continue to see good progress in attracting new customers.
 In the quarter, we added 2.6 million new proprietary customers globally.
 In our global consumer business, over two-thirds of new customer acquisition came through digital
 channels, and over 35% of new customers for millennials.
 Rewards expense?
 increased 21% in Q3, while proprietary billings grew by 9%
 versus last year.
 This growth in rewards resulted in a ratio of rewards,
 costs for proprietary buildings of 84 basis points, which is up from the prior year, but
 down two basis points from the prior quarter.
 The year-over-year increase in rewards expense during the quarter reflects the impact of the
 enhancements to our U.S. Platinum products that we implemented in 2416, as well as strong
 growth in our Delta co-brand portfolio.
 Cost of card member services in the quarter increased 31%, reflecting higher engagement
 levels across our premium travel services, including airport lounge access and co-brand
 to benefits, such as first bag-free on Delta, as well as usage of the new Uber benefit on
 plan. This remains an area where we offer differentiated benefits and we plan to continue
 to invest in card member services.
 Turning that to capital on slide 15,
 We continue to be pleased with our ability to return excess capital to shareholders through
 share of IVACs and dividends.
 We've returned 97% of the capital we've generated as far in 2017 to shareholders, which is driven
 of 5% reduction in our average shares
 upstanding versus the prior year.
 The third quarter, common equity tier one.
 Our capital ratio moved down sequentially to 11.9 percent, in line with our expectations
 driven by growth in the balance sheet, and the fact that we've returned 115% of the capital
 generated this quarter.
 We are confident that the strength of our business model provides us with the ability
 to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders while maintaining our strong
 cap for ratios in accordance with the annual C car review.
 So to summarize over the past few years we've embarked on a series of initiatives to reposition the company and drive
 sustainable revenue and earnings growth.
 These efforts have been targeted at providing a mix of returns over the short, medium and
 in longer term.
 We are seeing the payoff in our 2017 results with strong and consistent performance over
 for the first three quarters.
 Given these strong results and where we are in the year,
 We are increasing our full year earnings
 for share of guidance to arrange a $5.80 to $5.90.
 We are pleased to be able to both raise our earnings expectations
 while also funding some incremental investments aimed at driving moderate to long-term results.
 It has long been our practice to balance the financial commitments we have in the short
 term, which we take very seriously, with the opportunities we see to invest and build
 for the longer term.
 As we go forward, we are focused on delivering steady and consistent earnings growth, building
 upon the range of growth opportunities that we see across our diverse customer segments
 and geographies.
 With that, let me turn it back over to Toby as we move to Q&A.
 Yep.
 Thank you, Sanjay, for the question.
 A couple of comments.
 I remind everyone that I've often said there's a little bit of volatility quarter to quarter
 in the provision.
 So I encourage people to think a little bit
 about the longer-term trend.
 If you look here to date, the provision's up 37%.
 Loans are up 14%.
 And as I said, I would expect the year-over-year increase
 provision to look more like that year-to-date number in Q4.
 The next thing I'd say is, remember there's a real tie here
 if you think about the shift that has occurred
 in our loan portfolio between yields, the write-off rate.
 And so one of the inflection points in our growth rates
 was around 18 to 24 months ago,
 and we were very focused on all the changes occurring
 as we went through the transitions
 our co-brand portfolios.
 A lot of the newer accounts that we have acquired in that time are just hitting sort of a key
 in the seasoning timeline, 18 to 24 months.
 And frankly, that's part of what's driving yield up is they come off introductory rates
 and start paying off.
 And frankly, that's also what's giving us a little visibility
 into what the right future-expected RITOS are,
 and that's a little bit of what drove the provision up this quarter.
 So I think it's very important to keep those two things in mind.
 We're getting attractive economics overall.
 As I think about net write-offs going forward,
 I think Sunday, if you think back, we in early 2016
 seeing all the changes we were making began to say that we'd expect to see a modest steady
 up for drift as we grow a little bit above the industry and as that drives the inevitable
 seasoning of the portfolio and a bigger portion of the portfolio being of lower tenure.
 That actually didn't happen much in 2016, it's now begun to happen in 2017, and I really
 expect similar friends to continue as we get into 2018.
 So hopefully that helps on the provision.
 That's great.
 Yeah, same.
 I doubt it.
 They will read every word of the transcript.
 Question?
 Great.
 I think this really goes to the unusually broad range of both customer statements and
 geographies that our business encompasses.
 And so, yes, as we have had stronger financial performance than we expected this year, we
 are putting a little bit to the bottom line and that's the increase in guidance and we're
 We're also putting a little bit into the M&P line
 and a little bit into some things that are not back.
 And if you think about that, where are the particularly
 of high growth areas that we've seen lately.
 Well, in particular, I called out in my remarks
 the small and medium-sized enterprise
 both in the U.S. and internationally,
 as well as the proprietary international consumer space
 And so those are, we see, those as particularly good growth opportunities for us.
 And as we have thought about where might there be a really good return over the medium to
 long-term spending a little bit of incremental resource, if those kind of
 There is, and some of that goes into M&Ps.
 Some of it also goes into optics, right?
 when you start talking about the commercial space,
 you're often talking about salespeople
 who run Thrapx.
 You're talking about how we use our call centers
 to help drive more volumes at a time when that runs through optics.
 so it's a mixture.
 But, you know, we are, as you would expect,
 being very thoughtful about putting incremental dollars only
 in those places where we think there are particularly good returns for us right now
 on where we have a unique position?
 Yeah, so, boy, there's a lot there in that question, right?
 Thank you.
 Let me start with revenues and then work my way to the bottom line.
 We're really pleased by the 8% revenue growth that we've seen the last two quarters, and
 and we have tremendous momentum across all of our businesses.
 Just like we did last quarter, I have pointed out that
 at some point.
 the tremendous sequential growth you've seen in our net interest seals,
 We'll start to plateau and slow down a little bit and that'll have an effect of slowing
 the revenue growth rate a little bit.
 I'm not calling out exactly when that turn happens.
 It's certainly going to happen this quarter.
 but at some point, a little bit.
 Similarly, in 2017, as far as you've seen,
 particularly nice uplift in the U.S. from both the consumer and the business platinum value
 proposition changes we made late last year and early this year.
 Here at some point again, you will begin to laugh those, although I would remind you
 on the consumer platinum product.
 That is a long lapping process because the fee increased
 for existing customers only went into effect,
 beginning with customers who had their renewal dates
 in September, so we'll actually play out over the next,
 the way the accounting works.
 to the next 24 months.
 So those two things, over time, will put a little bit of downward pressure on the current
 momentum you have at 8%.
 Now, you also have some things next year
 that will go the other way.
 So we are really pleased with the announcement we made along with Hilton a few months ago
 At that point out, we will have an expanded partnership with Hilton in 2018 and we will
 will become the sole co-band provider,
 And that will certainly provide some incremental revenue opportunities for us in 2018.
 I would be remiss if I didn't point out that as you would expect for Cobra and renewals
 in recent years that also comes with the margin compression.
 we're very pleased with that opportunity.
 So exactly where all that comes out in 2018
 In terms of revenue growth, we'll give you an update on on the January call, but you
 You know, we feel good about the momentum and those are probably the three things that
 at the margins, we'll move it a little up and a little down as you get into next year.
 and I guess they should also point out.
 I'm making all my comments ignoring any changes
 that new record rules might cause,
 which would just be geography anyway.
 Bottom line, look, I think we have a long track record that we are showing renewed vigor
 on this year and that our model let us get
 at tremendous expense leverage, and the kind of spin-centric model we have does not require
 There are a lot of capital support balance growth each year which lets us do lots of
 of share repurchase and payment of dividends.
 So, you know, that's the model and we should consistently be able to turn good revenue
 growth into even better EPS growth. Exactly what that looks like for 2018. We'll let you
 you know as we get into.
 Thanks for the call Jeff.
 Thanks, Ryan.
 Thanks.
 Thanks, Ryan.
 That said, for everyone, for us, if you think about the 100 basis points that the Fed has
 raised rates over the last week as they've gone up, or as the Fed has gone up 100 basis
 points we've raised in our personal savings programs about 35 basis points.
 So that certainly has been a big positive for our results.
 Now, I would not expect the beta, if you will, to remain at 0.35 forever going forward on
 On many occasions in these calls, I've talked about a 0.7 beta over the longer term that
 that we use in a lot of our modeling.
 Obviously, you will have to see exactly where the industry grows.
 our goal will be to remain competitive.
 in terms of balances, you know, for the last couple of years,
 We've said we're kind of comfortable where we were because we want to remain very active
 in both the asset-backed securities market as well as the unsecured market and being
 active in all three markets is an important part of our funding strategy.
 I would say as we get into the latter part of 2018 and beyond, I would expect to see
 growing personal savings again at levels that we haven't in a number of years.
 And so that's not something you'll see next quarter or early 2018, but I would say over
 the course of the next 12 to 18 months, you will see some significant growth there.
 exactly how much will be a little bit of a function of where the right environment goes
 both in terms of the base level of what the Fed does as well as what the competitive market
 it does for these kinds of online accounts.
 Well, the way we really think about it, that is, I come back to, given our mix of business,
 We probably think of it less as a loan-to-deposit ratio,
 and we think of we want a funding strategy
 to create the balance of being diversified across different sources and different markets
 so that from a security and soundness perspective,
 No matter what happens in the capital markets,
 a good access to capital and we want to do that while also being efficient about funding
 our diverse business model.
 And I think what people forget sometimes
 is because we have a big international business,
 because we have a corporate-card business,
 Our funding structure requires that we access different sources of funding in different
 places that our funding is not all fungible.
 So that's really how we approach it, and what I'd say is the personal savings rate
 or number, which has been in the $30 billion number for a while range.
 That is a number that I would expect
 to go up over the next 12 to 24 months.
 Well, there's probably two questions there.
 First, gosh, I'm gonna go back to the things
 Ken and Steve said.
 These queries work hand-in-hand with Ken,
 can offer 32 years and has been intimately involved in every change that we've made in
 in particular over the last couple of years.
 So I don't think we miss a beat on any aspect of running the business.
 As I say that, I also think it's important to remind you of these words that we fully
 understand, though, that doesn't mean you don't constantly have to change, you can't
 So I feel really good about all that.
 In terms of Marriott and SPG, look, we've said for a long time that there's three possible
 You're right.
 Miriam.
 Marriott chooses to keep two co-brand partners.
 they go with the other co-brand partner or they go with us, you know, I will acknowledge
 we are...
 the smaller of the two partners.
 On the other hand, Marriott has made a lot of public statements here about the fact that
 they've...
 They want to bring the two programs together next year that our contract doesn't expire
 until 2020.
 the other co-brand bank, their contract expires next year.
 So we have been working really hard
 to demonstrate the tremendous value
 at the range of travel assets we have,
 consumer travel agencies, business travel agencies,
 a huge membership reward for around a premium
 oriented customer base.
 We think those are really tremendous assets
 when you're talking about a travel co-brand,
 We think they've been a really important part of what
 has made SPG a really powerful program.
 and I think Marriott is very focused
 and make me sure they keep the loyalty
 and the engagement of all those SPG card members,
 and we would love to be a part of it.
 So we'll have to see where it goes, but I don't think we'll miss a beat.
 You are completely accurately recalling my comments,
 the public comments from your conference a little bit ago.
 I think the important words here which I tried to replicate in my remarks earlier this afternoon
 I said, at some point, obviously, you can't raise your net interest yield forever.
 So at some point, it has to plateau.
 Now, we're working hard to try to continue to do smart things that are consistent with
 building long-term customer engagement and loyalty that will continue to drive
 than they need to shield up.
 but at some point it will apply.
 So I'm not calling exactly when that happens.
 And it certainly did not happen this quarter.
 And we're really pleased with the momentum we have.
 Thank you.
 Believe me, it is a focus and yes, you're I don't know the exact math. You just did yes direction. You're correct the thing
 You need to remember, we made a very conscious decision late last year, early this year,
 to make some significant value proposition enhancements
 in the U.S. in both the business platinum card
 and the consumer platinum card.
 And those are both very substantial and material.
 franchises for us.
 So it worked tremendously well.
 we've really exceeded our own expectations
 even in terms of card member.
 engagement, new card member acquisition, as well as continued really de minimis attrition.
 Great.
 rates, until you're done laughing that increase in rewards costs, you get the effect you just
 described on discount revenue overall.
 So, you know, look, there is a competitive environment
 in all the markets we serve,
 but particularly competitive in the U.S. consumer space.
 But once you're done laughing these, you should begin to see a little different trend when
 and you do the calculation that you just described
 And certainly our goal across the globe is to get that discount revenue net of rewards
 number growing consistently.
 Yeah, but when you're looking at year-over-year growth, remember you have a big step up in
 the rewards cost this year and a kind of what I'm going to call standard step-up in discount
 revenue and what we would expect to see once you're done.
 And labning that is you're still on the same
 somewhat similar trajectory in terms of your gross discount revenues, but growing, but your
 rewards costs don't have the huge spike in growth that they had this year.
 If you think about it, that's the, in my remarks,
 I think the numbers I called out were rewards.
 cost of 19% while the 21, 21, while the associated
 billions they're up much less so that will that relationship as we go into the
 next quarter or two, we'll get much more aligned again,
 and that will change the phenomenon you described.
 You know, I...
 Guys, the reserving process, Ken, we could probably bore everyone for the next hour if
 We went through it in great detail, and as you know, it is both a heavily regulated process,
 It's not just by the usual accounting standards you would expect, but also heavily by our
 and some of what we do is very much driven by them.
 down.
 Look, there's no question, this was a big reserve build.
 this quarter, what I keep coming back to is when you put aside, there's a little quarter
 to quarter volatility, and you look at this over any given couple of quarters where trending
 as we would have expected.
 We are pleased with the loan growth we're seeing overall.
 The shift in portfolio mix is an important part of what is driving tremendous growth
 the net interest yield, and that comes with some growth in the write-offs, and we are
 I'm getting, as I explained earlier, to this point,
 where a significant number of the newer accounts
 accounts we brought on 18 to 24 months ago, we're getting to the key part of the timeline
 as they season.
 And so we're building some reserves for that,
 and that's part of what's driving the yield up as well.
 So, you know, there's really not a lot more to the story.
 I mean, yes, we certainly look at what kind
 of coverage we have going forward, although we make different judgments in charge versus
 And, you know, we feel good about the reserves.
 we think they're conservative and we feel good about the overall economics that we're
 we're getting from our lending.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, so I, you know, yes, you're right.
 Most of the, there was a small sequential decline,
 And I think what you're calling out is the ratio of the rewards costs to the billings.
 You know, there's a little quarter to quarter volatility.
 It's a very complex calculation that, of course, is not just a U.S. calculation but
 involves lots of other international markets,
 and he's doing the calculation by market.
 So you get a little bit of volatility quarter to quarter.
 If I would not want anyone to leave the call thinking that 84 basis points is exactly what
 you should expect forever going forward.
 It'll bounce up and down a few basis points.
 In general, though, that's the range I would expect to be in,
 in, given all the value propositions that we have in the marketplace today, and I wouldn't
 point to any particular business change earning that drove that two-basis point sequential
 decou...
 Well, I guess, Rick, let me make a few comments
 comments and they may not be responsive to exactly where you're going.
 Certainly, we believe both Ken and Steve in their remarks talked about the fact that we
 think we have a particularly strong brand, and our customers, given our long-standing
 reputation for service attached to our brand and we take that loyalty really seriously
 and really value it and work very hard at it.
 And, you know, one of the things that we've talked about on many of these calls
 is that sometimes people will do a pure mathematical calculation
 in different products that are out there in the marketplace
 and say, gee, American Express, you can't possibly
 compete because let's use this simplest category because your cashback card doesn't seem to
 to be as rich as somebody else's.
 And yet, our response for that is often well.
 our cashback cards are doing really good
 in terms of new customer acquisitions.
 They're growing nicely and they're producing really good economics for us.
 One of the things I like to point out internally is we do believe this value in the brand.
 We do believe there's value in the range of services we provide.
 And so by gosh, we should be able to get those things valued by customers, and we shouldn't
 have to necessarily mathematically match every other aspect of the value proposition
 that some of our competitors put in the marketplace.
 So I think, frankly, if we see that longstanding view we have,
 our longstanding experience is proof that brand does matter
 and loyalty does matter.
 We work really hard.
 at doing things that build upon that.
 if you think about the platinum refreshers
 that we've done there.
 very much focused on some of the aspects,
 the experiential aspects of the product
 we think are more difficult for others to replicate and build upon some of our
 our reputation.
 So that's what we're trying to do every day.
 We think it's what we've historically done, and we think it gives us some unique advantages
 that are not easy for others to replicate.
 Yeah.
 Well, you know, guys, in a company with over 100 million
 card members, major trends evolve slowly.
 Yes, we're very focused on attracting more wallets here.
 We're also, in our consumer business,
 very focused on attracting more
 borrowing share, and so we have clearly been making huge strides for the last several years
 I'm driving more borrowing share in terms of our card members' wallets, you know, and
 In spending share, you kind of have to look at it by market, by commercial versus consumer.
 I often...
 Our goal is to ultimately maximize our financial returns
 and to maximize our revenue share.
 And we pay attention to our wallets here.
 We pay attention to our share of billings.
 We pay attention to our share of lending,
 and certainly in the U.S. consumer space,
 we're growing share like crazy in our share of lending.
 But we're not always trying to maximize every one of those if we don't think it's economic.
 So we feel good about our revenue performance,
 and we think it's building on good economics for us.
 So, yes, we see tremendous growth opportunities that will last a very, very long time in the
 because the point we try to make over and over and over to people, as you know, is that
 is that in that space, we're often
 competing against just trying to get small and mid-sized
 enterprises to put more of their payment needs onto the card and it's frankly less about
 the competition, less about some of the highly competitive rewards competition we face elsewhere.
 and the growth rates you've seen in both the U.S.
 and international estimate segments have been very high
 for some number of years.
 They're driven by our continual ability to work with small and
 mid-sized enterprises to drive more spend onto the card.
 And we think, despite that, we've only captured a small fraction of their spend, and we can
 and keep at this for years.
 similarly when you go outside the U.S.,
 Because of evolving regulation in Europe and Australia, for some time, we'll have to see
 exactly how long it takes, but there's a little bit of a line down of the network business
 in those two parts of the world.
 It's still growing really nicely everywhere else.
 And it's still globally an important part
 of the American Express.
 network, so I don't want anyone to walk away from this call
 it's a less important part of our company.
 It's really important to the global network.
 you're just going to see modest overall growth rates
 because of the step-down in Europe and Australia.
 That very step down, though, in the evolving regulatory climate is part of what's helping
 fuel some tremendous growth rates in places like the U.K. and Australia in our proprietary
 business where, of course, we also get a much greater share of the overall economics.
 So that's a pretty good trade for us.
 So look, we feel really good about the hard work that
 it's been over the last two years
 to take yet another billion dollars out of it.
 run rate of the company, and we're on track, we'll get it.
 when you go beyond that
 David, what I always say is, look, you can always take cost out of a company.
 It's not always pretty, though.
 And I think when you go beyond 2017,
 the way to think about it is in a world where we're seeing the kind of revenue growth now,
 We can support that and we will support that with very little growth in operating expenses
 So that's a tremendous ongoing source of operating leverage.
 For now, I think saying that we're going to take out another billion dollars would
 probably...
 not be prudent and we would lose more revenue than we would gain, but steady
 operating levers?
 You f-
 which you absolutely expect from us.