 Good day and welcome to today's third quarter 2021 financial results conference call.
 at this time
 all participants are in a listen-only
 mode. There will be a presentation
 followed by question and answer session
 at which time if you wish to ask a question you will need to press star and one on your telephone
 keypad. I also must advise
 you that this conference is being recorded
 today and I would now like to hand a
 conference.
 Over to your first speaker today, Arman Arutunian.
 Thank you.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you.
 Hello everyone and welcome to Headhunter Group third quarter 2021 earnings call.
 Joining me today to discuss our results are Mikhail Dukov, our Chief Executive Officer,
 Dmitry Sergienkov, our deputy chief executive officer
 and Gregory Moiseyev, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Before we begin, we would like you to remind that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements.
 Actual results may differ materially
 from the results predicted or implied by such statements.
 and forward-looking statements made today
 speak only to our expectations as of today.
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update
 or revise these statements
 for a discussion of some of the risk factors
 that could cause actual results to differ.
 Please see the risk factors section in our most recent annual report on Form 20F filed with the SEC.
 During this call, we will be referring to some non-FRS financial measures.
 These non-IFRS financial measures are not prepared in accordance with IFRS.
 A reconciliation of the non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable
 IFRS measures is provided in the earnings
 released we issued today and the slide presentation.
 each of which is available on our website at investor.hh.ru.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mikhail.
 Thank you, Aron.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 thanks for joining us today
 this was an exceptionally
 a solid quarter for our product
 a business development.
 Dmitry and Grigory will walk this through in detail later on but we have yet again managed
 to double our revenue base compared to 2020 and hit
 all major business KPIs.
 Though user base strikes new historical records,
 it's essential to stay laser focused on product innovation
 and adaptation of our platform
 to distant customer segments.
 One of our key product priorities continues to be a seamless and enjoyable experience
 for non-recruitment professionals from SMAs.
 This customer category has been the key driver
 of our business growth and foreign candidate migration
 to mobile devices, we are now observing similar trends in that area.
 That is why we decided to come up with a fully reworked employer mobile application built
 on predictive interfaces
 It's too early to draw any strong conclusions, but at the moment, we see that the key conclusions
 to user-target actions in the new app have improved by 10 to 20 percent, thereby delivering
 the app.
 efficiency and business results for our clients on the job seeker site we launched
 wide experiments with employer review functionality integrated with our strategic partner DreamJob
 and that showed very encouraging engagement from both candidates and employers even though
 It's an experimental phase
 yet
 At circa 15% of our vacancies already have corporate reviews, and we plan to scale the
 functionality across the entire customer base.
 in the next two quarters.
 On the investment side,
 We have finally made the deal with Udo,
 And now we're institutionally ready to move along our joint strategy
 in a self-employed market, where we continue to see major growth opportunities for us.
 Now, I'll turn it to DEMA to walk you through the key highlights of the third core.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Michel.
 Good afternoon.
 thank you for joining us on this call
 This quarter our revenue was 4.7 billion rubles
 and we managed to sustain, as Misha said, a triple-digit revenue growth
 despite a much higher comparison base
 than in the second quarter.
 Market conditions remain very strong.
 we have significant
 expand our business across the key strategic areas, including acquisition of small and
 medium businesses, and monetization of key accounts.
 Despite a significant increase in marketing spend, our other cost items are significantly
 behind the top line expansion
 leading to elevated profitability.
 In Q3, our adjusted EBITDA margin came at 60.4%.
 This year, we follow conservative CAPEX policy, resulting in strong cash generation for shareholders.
 Our CAPEX in Q3 is the percentage of revenue came at just circa 1%.
 in terms of performance by operating segments.
 in small and medium accounts
 revenue increased by 106%
 year-on-year, driven by both
 increase the number of paying customers
 NRPC grows.
 Acquisition of new clients explains
 in circle of 56 percentage points of revenue growth
 in small and medium segment.
 Our total customer base reached 450,000 clients, and this score already exceeding full year 2020.
 in key account segment
 average consumption growth
 and monetization initiatives were the key drivers of our strong performance.
 Notably, average check in this segment increased by 71% year-on-year, and that is largely explained
 by a new monetization model for subscriptions,
 gaining pace across the customer base.
 Geographically, revenue from Moscow and St. Petersburg increased by 98% year-on-year,
 or revenue from other regions of Russia
 went up by 110%
 which is totally in line
 with our expensive strategy
 in the Russian regions.
 Product dynamics this quarter is somewhat similar
 What we've seen in the second quarter, job postings remain the fastest-growing area
 on the back of increased consumption in small, medium, and key accounts.
 In this competitive environment, clients utilize advertising tools more intensely,
 leading to ever-growing consumption per client.
 As a result, the total number of vacancies on the platform reached a historical record of 1.1 million, of which over 1 million are paid vacancies.
 CCDatabase access and bundle subscriptions demonstrated 94% and 89% growth year-on-year, respectively.
 As you can see, the growth in subscriptions is kind of converging with listing product
 thanks to immunization enhancement of the former.
 Apart from our core products, we are very satisfied with the solid dynamics of our value
 other services, including recruitment
 automation, branding products, our
 performance-based solutions, click me and
 as a commercial recruiter.
 skill has demonstrated yet another strong quarter
 with customer-based expansion
 when revenue came close to 300 rubles,
 for a million rubles
 representing
 200% growth year on year
 and reaching GB down-breaking level first time in company history.
 This group of value-added services generated over half billion revenues in Q3,
 yielding growth of 136%.
 So this just underscores market openness for innovative HR tech solutions in today's challenging environment.
 now returning to our full year 2021 outlook
 This year, as you understand, it's particularly difficult to make precise projections.
 From the one hand, our business performance
 exceptionally strong and market backdrop
 is very robust but from the other hand
 the pandemic stats in Russia
 is far from being stable yet.
 Taking those factors into consideration, we've decided to upgrade our full year 2021 outlook to 81-84% revenue growth range, indicating over 15 billion revenues of ProHead Hunter Group in total.
 Now here's Gregory talk about
 lower profitability and cash flow metrics.
 Yeah, thanks, Dimo, and good afternoon, everyone.
 let me give you some detail first
 on our expenses and margins.
 as Dima said in the
 third quarter of 2021
 you want the adjusted
 So the EBITDA margin exceeded a milestone of 60%.
 consolidation of
 and skills,
 value,
 at margin by circle four percentage points so therefore our organic segments margin was even
 higher in the ballpark of 64%, which is a significant improvement compared to 56.6%
 in the same segments in the third quarter of 2020,
 which was explained mostly by the increase in our revenue.
 At the same time, with autumn being the busy season in recruiting, the third quarter is usually the highest quarter of any year in terms of revenue.
 and consequently has the lowest expenses as percentage of revenue
 and the highest margin.
 therefore margin in Q3 is somewhat elevated
 and we expect it to trend down in Q4.
 Historically, over the last two years,
 margin in the fourth quarter was 4 to 10 percentage points lower compared to a third quarter.
 our total
 upgrade and
 expenses, exclusion, depreciation
 and amortization were circa
 2 billion rubles in the third quarter of 2021, which was the increase of 69.5% compared to
 the third quarter of 2020, adjusted for equity settled awards, SPO, and M&A-related costs,
 operating expenses
 were around 1.9 billion, which was an 85% increase compared to the third quarter of 2020.
 And let me briefly discuss the growth drivers in the key expense buckets.
 First of all, personnel expenses adjusted for equity-settled awards and SPO-related costs increased by 61% year-on-year.
 About one-third of this growth is explained by consolidation of Zarklata and Skelos.
 The other factors were the increase in our headcount by circa 15% or 126 people over the last 12 months.
 and increasing our sales team bonuses
 on the back of exceeding revenue targets
 and wages inflation.
 as a percentage of
 frame in your
 personal expenses
 excluding equity settled awards
 and their peer-related costs have decreased to 19.3% in the Q3 of 2021
 from 24.3% in the third quarter of 2020,
 at improving margin
 by
 5 percentage points
 We think that in the fourth quarter, we will sustain this operating leverage
 and personnel expenses will be the key contributor
 to our margin expansion in the full year 2021.
 Speaking of personnel expenses, our equity settled awards increased to 136 million rubles
 in the third quarter of 2021
 compared to 56 million
 for the third quarter last year
 or by circa 80 million.
 this was mostly due to a new
 2021 RSU plan
 we established in July
 under which we granted approximately 250,000 units
 of circa 8% of the total program capacity
 to approximately 100 of our employees.
 Moving on to marketing expenses
 They increased significantly by 140% year-on-year, outpatient revenue growth.
 The increase in marketing was mostly due to our decision to increase spending
 on both performance and brand awareness marketing in 2021.
 on the back of the increased demand for candidates.
 In addition, approximately one-third of this growth was due to Zerplato consolidation.
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing increased to 12% in the third quarter of 2021
 compared to 10% in the third quarter of 2020.
 Going forward for the full year 2021, we think that the operating leverage potential in this bucket will be offset by our decision to increase spending.
 of the general and administrative
 expenses adjusted for SPO
 and M&A related costs
 increased by 90% compared to the third quarter last year.
 the key drivers of this growth
 where the addition of зарплата and skillas,
 which contributed
 almost half of the growth in the bucket,
 as well as an increase in subcontractor costs in our Russia segment
 due to the increase in revenue from other value-added services
 and the increase in professional services.
 As a percentage of revenue, other general and administrative expenses adjusted for SPO and
 M&A related costs were
 8.4% relatively
 flat compared to 9% in the third quarter of 2020.
 In the full year 2021 results, we expect this expense bucket to remain relatively flat as percentage of revenue compared to last year.
 Now moving on to other key indicators
 our capex in the third quarter
 of 2021
 has decreased to 49 million
 compared to $70 million in the third quarter last year
 as we completed our Moscow office renovation project last year.
 On the back of the increase in revenue, as Dima already said,
 CapEx decreased to circa 1% of revenue in the third quarter.
 this year compared to around 3%
 in the third quarter of 2020.
 him the networking
 capital, as of the end of Q3, was
 negative 5.1 billion rubles
 compared to negative 3.8 billion
 is of the end of 2020
 and the change was primarily due to customer advances we received.
 Income tax expense in the third quarter of 2021 was $548 million
 compared to $264 million in the third quarter of 2020.
 The increase was driven by the increase in revenues
 and consecutive increase in the taxable profit.
 The effective tax rate in the Q3 was 23.7% compared to the 31.1% in the third quarter last year.
 this decrease was
 mainly attributable to a non-deductible SPO-related expense last year, not occurring in this third quarter.
 Now turning to cash generation metrics in the third quarter of 2021
 we generated significant 2.5 billion rubles from operating activities
 compared to 902 million in the third quarter last year,
 primarily driven by the increase in sales
 which generated
 16 million rubles
 investing activities compared to
 50 million used in the third quarter
 last year, mainly on the back of the
 increase in interest income on cash deposits.
 In financing activities, we used 2.4 billion rubles in the third quarter 2021,
 mostly to pay an earlier announced dividend
 for the year 2020,
 compared to 2.1 billion we used in the third quarter last year,
 which was also mostly attributable to a dividend payout.
 Our net debt decreased from $5 billion as of the 2020 year-end
 to $2.3 billion as of the end of Q3 2021,
 primarily due to the increase in cash.
 On the back of this increase in net debt and the increase in adjusted to be done,
 Our leverage is now 0.3 times adjusted EBITDA compared to 1.2 times adjusted EBITDA as of the 2020 year-end.
 Finally, starting from October 2021, we are making daily repurchases of our ADRs
 through our broker in a form on an autonomous buyback program.
 The program stipulates that during nine months until June 2022,
 So, our broker should purchase ADRs for the
 broker.
 27 million dollars
 in more or less equal daily
 Installments
 Accordingly, as of November 8, 2021, the most recent date of the broker's report obtainable while we prepared this release,
 we have repurchased twenty sorry fifty two thousand EDRs for circa three
 million dollars this concludes our presentation of the results of the third quarter of 2021
 and we are now opening the floor
 to your questions.
 Thank you.
 thank you
 we will now begin the question and answer session.
 and as a reminder for those who
 If you want to ask a question, just press star and one on your telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced.
 once again
 Star N1 if you wish to ask a question.
 Thank you.
 We have questions that came through.
 The first question comes from the line of Yashoslav Dikyarev from Goldman Sachs.
 Your line is now open.
 please go ahead
 Yes, thank you very much for the call.
 couple of questions.
 So, firstly, how do you directionally think over 2022 budgeting?
 obviously I know it's probably too early
 But what are the key moving factors to keep in mind over the growth and margins for the next year?
 Obviously, the base is quite high, but what are the key drivers that will be having a lasting effect in the medium term?
 and maybe how would you split them
 for the next year between volumes and pricing.
 And my second question would be with regards to the mobile product for employers,
 Can you elaborate what are the user cases there?
 how popular is that
 how differentiated is that
 versus the competition
 and maybe broadly new other product initiatives that are in the pipeline.
 Thank you.
 Yes, I was a good
 I'm sorry, Jim.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, sure. I can quickly answer the first part of the first question on the budgeting and how we think about next year.
 obviously you're not going to be
 I'm duly surprised
 that at this point of time
 it's quite hard to give
 kind of precise or official guidance for next year.
 there are definitely
 certain moving parts
 mostly with regard to
 the kind of customer base
 growth next year
 that would be a function of
 overall mockery labor market
 situation development
 I think we're having pretty
 at this point of time if you look
 into the
 2022, we have
 quite an optimistic view
 on the health
 are going to mix between monetization
 and then the customer-based expansion.
 on monetization
 it's
 it's more
 kind of visible already
 and predictable because
 a certain initiative that we already kind of
 kicked in this year
 and we can
 more or less
 precisely
 calculate the
 impact for next year
 Obviously, one of the major initiatives would be the kind of continuous rollout of our new subscription model.
 as we said
 this year
 this product has been
 performing
 this product has been
 absolutely well
 and actually above our original expectation
 and the guidance we gave
 and I think next
 next year, therefore, we're also kind of
 upgrading our expectations. We believe
 that this one
 single kind of monetization that could define up to seven percent of revenue
 growth next year
 And on top of that, you have the other pricing initiatives.
 We're going to inflate prices starting from January, not April, like this year.
 So there will be some timing difference effect as well.
 In terms of price increase, we expect at least 10% growth in subscriptions
 and bigger packages of job postings,
 we expect sort of 20% growth plus.
 Of course, all these components will go on top of those.
 I already mentioned
 the subscription model
 and we actually made a good progress
 and upgrading our backend infrastructure
 and business logic
 for monetization this year
 and next year we're going to be
 kind of more intense on the differentiation by professions, roles, regions.
 That should also give us incremental check growth
 and also may actually help us to kind of differentiate
 aid between small and medium businesses and
 and key accounts.
 so on monetization
 is it looks very robust next year
 On the customer base, I think it's, again, it's a bit premature to guide.
 at the moment it looks quite strong
 but again these situations
 quite quickly so it would be hard
 And I will defer to comment on expanses to Grisha.
 Yeah.
 so from me
 we are kind of in the
 middle of the
 budget session
 right now
 and
 as
 we discuss
 we
 definitely
 see
 uh
 several
 areas for
 growth
 um
 you know
 the numerous
 sensitive
 sensible
 initiatives for the 2022 and
 It certainly doesn't make sense from our point of view to kind of just cut them off
 just for the sake of the effort of profitability.
 at you. Therefore,
 as Dimo said
 we are not prepared to
 give any guidance
 at this point on
 on
 2022, actually, in both
 revenue growth and margins
 what I can say is that
 the budget
 will definitely contain
 search on
 in
 investment component
 in terms of
 the expenses.
 I think
 also important to kind of
 understand again that the
 2021 was the year of very steep revenue growth and sometimes in some areas we
 struggled for resources, so it's probably kind of not the best reference point as well
 for the future planning.
 yep so I guess
 that's the
 uh
 the
 the comment I can give you on the
 on the market front.
 Thank you, Christian.
 I think we can move on to the second question from Slava
 on our new mobile product.
 I can say that
 historically we were a little bit
 dismissive on kind of mobile
 platform for employers
 because we saw very limited use cases
 And most of our clients actually prefer to use either mobile interface wire,
 well actually just
 via mobile devices but not in
 in the app functionality
 or they just continue to use desktop.
 So historically, we didn't invest much in that area.
 and
 And over the last few years,
 especially during COVID, that that situation has
 significant change in our view
 we saw so big up
 in demand and usage
 and predominantly from obviously small and medium businesses
 from non-recruitment professionals.
 and this is how actually
 we designed this new app
 So that's clearly designed for a very easy, simplified workflow with a kind of call-to-action approach
 when there are a lot of predictive actions
 when you don't need to fill out the details in the machine
 using some machine learning instruments
 and back-end trying to kind of predict the answers, right,
 and kind of minimize
 the questions we ask
 So that's clearly targeted at the SMA usage.
 At the same time, we try to kind of factor and incorporate the functionality that is usually very popular among the key accounts as well,
 like for example they're working with
 and the
 integrations
 with the
 ETF
 you
 and, for example, communication platform that we introduced in our JobSeeker platform earlier this year.
 we actually did the same
 for employer app
 Of course, it's becoming kind of core functionality.
 and also our
 We believe that our new app, especially on Android,
 platform going to be much more stable
 and all the metrics that we collected over the last one and a half months
 since the launch of the Android platform
 shows us that
 that actually decays
 And we look at the, again, it's earlier to draw some strong conclusions yet, right?
 and there are a lot of product works required for this new app,
 but we already see up to 20% improvement in conversions,
 especially in registration, in purchases, et cetera.
 and for small and medium is for
 We believe that should be quite helpful for all the key metrics
 and efficiency of our platform overall for this category.
 Okay, thank you very much
 Thanks, Walter.
 Thank you.
 And the next question comes from Ivan Kim from Excellus Capital.
 Your line is now open.
 Please go ahead
 Ah, yes, good afternoon.
 I guess three questions from my side, please.
 Firstly,
 on the fourth quarter
 we didn't see
 any impact on job postings
 on your platform in November, but
 if you can just comment
 on what sort of impact lockdown had or has on your numbers so far.
 Secondly, on skills, what sort of growth outlook you foresee for 2022 for
 skills in particular um ballpark very wide ranges or directionally would be a great and related
 question for that is whether
 you consider further expansion to adjacencies and because as Kilo's
 Um, experience shows you, um, increase your targets of wrestling market massively with
 one small acquisition.
 So just wondering, there was a ULU deal, obviously, but if you think about expansion there, more aggressively in 22 in adjacencies.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks, Vanya.
 I'll handle these questions.
 the first
 on the November lockdown.
 of course
 we saw deceleration
 in billing and
 billings and bookings of that week of
 non-working days
 luckily it was just just a week but for the majority of regions of course in
 and certain regions extended the term.
 So we saw a certain underperformance in the shorter-term products,
 especially short subscriptions, small packages
 of job postings to
 tell you kind of the
 in a rough
 terms we lost that
 week
 circa
 with 25 percentage points
 of growth compared to the previous
 the week before the lockdown.
 that is clearly
 better picture
 that we observed last year
 when we're on a constant
 and one working mode, right, in June and May,
 and that just shows that the business has been adopted
 to the logic stand
 I've been operating in this environment for more than a year already,
 and especially in key accounts
 we saw very little disruption
 And we, most of our clients and big enterprises just continued operations as normal.
 But, of course, in small-medium businesses,
 there wasn't an impact
 but it was not as severe as we saw it in previous lockdowns.
 So that's on the lockdown, and I think on the fourth quarter, otherwise, so far, quarter to date, the performance is quite encouraging.
 But no one knows actually what to expect in the next one month and a half, right?
 So the risk of restrictive measures is quite high and it's not binary.
 It's not that it's either there or not.
 it's sort of regions that they can
 so local decisions
 so it's actually having impact on certain regions.
 It's quite hard to predict the exact impact in the first quarter.
 On the SKILAS, the fourth quarter traditionally is the strongest quarter.
 you may expect that this large
 contracts that they sign
 they tend to be
 kind of signed
 at the kind of
 last
 last minute
 when the budgets allocated
 to the department kind of go off
 and historically
 I think two or three years
 in a row
 the fourth quarter was the strongest
 Generally, we believe that they should post
 circa 400 million
 revenues this year
 but there are certain
 big contracts
 with very large enterprises
 that are underway
 that actually may
 kind of be a swing factor here, right?
 because they're anxious to sleep.
 Next quarter, therefore, it's, I think,
 kill us at this point of time
 of when they acquire new customers quite intensively,
 they are a bit less kind of predictable
 than compared to HeadHunter.
 But we expect a strong quarter.
 and the last one
 I think it's quite the right one.
 And it's exactly in line with our thinking that in today's environment,
 We see a lot of opportunities in the JSON areas,
 and many of them could be actually tackled in a quicker and more efficient way
 were some smaller stage acquisitions and we actually were quite active in the search
 out for this type of
 That's the slide.
 like Skilas, Dream Jovra, Yudu, etc.
 So I would say I would guide that on quite high acquisitions for the next two, three years pursuing this opportunity.
 Great.
 Great. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 And the next question comes from the line of Luke Holbrook from Morgan Stanley.
 your line is now open
 please go ahead
 Thank you for letting me on the call, and congratulations on a strong set of results.
 I just had a question on market share dynamics, given your strong revenue performance this
 quarter. I just wondered if you could comment
 a bit on what you were seeing in the regions
 in particular, how has the
 to change that dynamic a bit as well, particularly around Siberia regions.
 Do you feel that you're gaining share at this point in time?
 and then I've just got a follow-up after that.
 Yeah, sure.
 Thanks for the question.
 well the regional business is performing
 stronger than in terms of
 growth than in
 the capital cities, in Moscow and in some
 Pittsburgh it's 110 percentage growth
 And in particular, in the Zerplata region and Gural and Siberia,
 It's one of the strongest areas where we have probably the biggest market share, even compared to Moscow.
 we recently made a survey
 and that actually
 kind of result
 in a quite astonishing fact
 that we deliver
 over 95% of all applications
 in
 Yekaterinburg for example
 so it's like the whole market delivers just 5%
 if you take out the
 ascensor plot on.
 So it's a very, very strong, strong regions.
 I would say Zarplat is a slightly underperforming headhunter,
 and I think we always got it this way
 because they are deprived of certain benefits
 of nationwide very effective
 marketing that we
 enjoying the
 Therefore, their revenue is not growing as fast as Headhunters.
 so we're kind of grabbing share
 from Zerplata, but
 combined with
 Zerplata collectively we definitely
 in an ever strong position
 So I think that actually kind of unlocks a lot of monetization potential as well for us.
 Okay, thanks.
 And just in terms of then your marketing spend that you mentioned there,
 Is there a certain regional or product focus, or are you targeting more blue-collar or white-collar?
 or do you split it like that internally?
 any color there would be useful.
 Yeah, Luke, this is Gregory.
 really
 I don't think I can give you
 the kind of details
 by marketing
 channel or by segment
 because for kind of competition reason,
 would prefer not to go into
 be so much
 detail, right? But
 What I probably can tell you is that in the second quarter of this year and in the third as well,
 we are strengthening marketing
 on both
 brand awareness formats
 such as outdoor campaign
 for instance
 and performance marketing
 as well.
 as we see
 kind of high demand for candidates
 and also
 on the back of kind of low activity
 of job seekers.
 so we think it makes all the sense
 to spend more
 for audience acquisition to
 balance with demand to provide better efficiency to customers who are essentially paying extra
 nowadays uh to get the recruiting going um so uh we are frankly increasing across across the board
 for instance
 we had a significant outdoor campaign in Moscow recently
 and we saw
 sizable increase
 in
 Top of Mind Brand Awareness
 by circa 8%
 or I'd say
 8 percentage points probably
 to 66%
 according to
 lower list
 measure
 will
 see traffic going up at around between 20 and 30 percent as we increase more in
 digital and digital channels so it's across the board and for other
 successful
 shake.
 Great. Thank you very much. That's very clear.
 Thank you.
 And the next question comes from the line of Dimitri Vlasov from Wood & Company.
 Your line is now open.
 please go ahead
 Oh, yeah, thank you very much for the opportunity to ask a question.
 I have two, please.
 The first one, could you please break down
 the revenue growth for third quarter of 2021?
 Basically, what came as a result of Zalplot and Skelos,
 What came from the organic growth and what came from this labor market deficit, so to speak.
 The other question is on the gig economy.
 if you could maybe comment on
 How big do you see the total address for market opportunity here?
 like what's the
 opportunity now and
 How could it become once the transition from the gray market to the legal one will occur?
 Thank you.
 I'll handle both.
 on the
 on the first one
 if we try to
 decompose this growth
 in the third quarter
 103%
 or in absolute
 term is
 2.4 billion
 yeah we can actually
 a split up
 and or and
 a low-base effect
 then organic growth
 and kind of more sustainable organic, right?
 So in terms of law-based effect, obviously it's arbitrary, right?
 because it depends on what you set as a base for last year.
 but we estimate that
 It's around 15% out of 103%,
 which is equal to
 $315 million
 that is explained by a low base.
 So the percentage is obviously going down compared to Q2 for this reason.
 And then more or less equal impact came derived from inorganic growth, around 15%, also 350 million.
 that's
 collective impact from
 SKILS and Applauded Consolidation
 this year
 and then so
 Actually, if you take out these two buckets, 30%,
 And then remaining 70% or 1.7 billion rubles could be also broken into three major guiding growth buckets.
 I've always, I think, having in consideration
 First, monetization.
 second client-based expansion
 and then the third consumption group.
 so the first
 explains
 is a circle 40% of that 1.7 billion.
 that's monetization or coin base,
 of course, price definition
 and coupled with the fact of a new subscription model,
 the key contributors
 I already said that pay-per-contact products
 performing exceptionally well this year.
 then 25%
 of 1.7 billion
 relates to increase consumption of services
 that's
 the impact of the market situation
 and labor force shortage
 and their general
 low candidate activity in the market.
 discuss last times
 So part of it probably diminish over time.
 so it's kind of semi-sustainable
 Because we see that, for example, small menu businesses, they consume twice bigger packages than they usually do.
 And the remaining 35% is the customer-based expansion,
 predominantly small and medium businesses
 predominantly regions
 So that's driven by online adoption, our marketing investments and B2B channels, our product adoption, platform adoption, etc.
 and that's the most encouraging number
 program because that's just
 helping us to grow the base
 which we can monetize in the future.
 so generally if you compare Q2
 the low basis
 effect went down, the immunization effect
 went up
 the other buckets
 remain more
 as the same.
 And the second question was on gig economy.
 I think we
 we touched upon this
 but I'm happy to repeat
 that generally
 we see globally
 that the independence and independent workforce constitutes up to 30%,
 We're not up to an average 30% of labor force.
 quite a stable measure
 if you look at
 So in Russia, even including the unofficial gray market,
 That's only 15%.
 And, of course, 95% of that 15% are currently in the gray zone
 because there were very limited incentives created
 and upon the legislation change
 in 2018 we saw
 huge intake and
 registration of
 self-registered
 so we believe
 at the moment there are
 in accordance with official statistics
 Around 2 million self-employed.
 And we expect, actually, this number to grow, say, 10x up to 20 million in the next three to five years.
 That's a huge emerging market for us.
 It's highly dynamic, and not only the volumes that matter,
 but also the business model that could be applied matters
 because if you compare
 without additional
 permanent work, it's much easier
 in this market to cut into transaction
 because it's a more frequent market.
 It's quite similar to what we've seen in mass recruitment.
 and therefore
 it's much easier to cut in transaction processing
 payroll, processing some admin work
 so it's very sticky potentially
 if you're happy, if you're
 and successful in onboarding care,
 especially big enterprises
 So that's our strategy together with Udo.
 we
 kind of officially
 declared this
 strategic partnership in June
 Then we tried to kind of test this solution with the clients and interaction was exceptional.
 so we decided to invest
 in UDU
 as a minority partner at the stage
 But, of course, it's a strategic type transaction for us.
 we were having and securing all
 and that's the best
 best to control in the future
 to consolidate this business
 should it actually take off in the end
 but we are very optimistic
 and in the end
 this temporary
 market, contingent market could be
 bigger in monetary terms than the permanent
 sourcing market.
 Thank you very much. Very clear.
 thank you
 And no further questions that came through.
 I will now like to hand the conference back to your speaker, Dimitri Sarjinov.
 Your line is now open, sir.
 Let me go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you.
 I'll be right here.
 Yeah, there's just a few, few, few remarks.
 first of all
 thanks for your participation
 this is the last quarterly call
 for this year
 yeah time flies
 very quickly
 need us to say that
 it's been an outstanding quarter
 for us in terms of financial results
 is probably
 the
 best quarter we've had since
 within public
 It's really nice to see how a strategy execution
 folding we showcase how we can really continue to grow client volumes while concurrently
 They're all layout differentiating monetization.
 so it speaks of the
 deaths of the
 the market, it speaks of the
 kind of pricing power
 rising out of our competitive
 position but what
 what's even more
 encouraging
 I think
 that kind of stems from the question
 we just received from Buaya
 on the
 markets. In this challenging
 kind of candid words, we clearly see
 that the process of
 kind of rethinking and upgrading
 the role of HR function.
 and HR funding within organizations.
 So coupled with the recruitment interactions migrating online,
 online
 so this
 creates
 the new
 window opportunities
 beyond our
 traditional market
 boundaries
 This is already evidence in our results in value-added service performance, including SKILAS dynamics, in our experiments with DreamJobs and UDO.
 so we just want to stress that
 for us as the market leader
 in traditional market, it's really
 important. We are in the best position to
 kind of catch this opportunity.
 it's an important strategic task
 to kind of lead the next wave
 for which are tech development in Russia.
 That's our ambition and goal for the years to come.
 Thanks for your attention. Have a great week. Goodbye.
 Thank you.
 That concludes our conference for today.
 thank you all for participating you may now disconnect