 Good day and welcome to today's third quarter 2021 financial results conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 There will be a presentation followed by question and answer
 session at which time if you wish to ask a question you will need to press star and one on your telephone keypad.
 I also must advise you that this conference is being recorded today, and I would now like
 to hand the conference over to your first speaker today,
 Armand Aratunian.
 Thank you.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you.
 Hello, everyone, and welcome to Headhunter Group,
 third quarter, 2021, Earnings Call.
 Joining me today to discuss our results are Mikhail Dukov, our Chief Executive Officer,
 Dmitry Sergeyevich, our Deputy Chief Executive Officer, and Gregory Moiseev, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Before we begin, we would like you to remind that today's discussion will contain forward-looking
 statements.
 actual results may differ materially
 from the results predicted or implied by such statements.
 And forward-looking statements made today
 speak only to our expectations as of today.
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements for discussion
 of some of the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ, please see the risk
 factors section in our most recent annual report on Form 20F filed with the SEC.
 This call will be referring to some non-IFRS financial measures.
 These non-IFRS financial measures are not prepared in accordance with IFRS.
 A reconciliation of the non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS
 measures is provided in the earnings release we issued today, and the slide presentation,
 of which is available on our website at investor.hh.ru.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mikhail.
 Thank you, Arman.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 Thanks for joining us today.
 This was an exceptionally solid quarter for our product and business development.
 Dmitry and Grigori will walk this through in detail later on, but we have yet again managed
 to double our revenue base compared to 2020
 and hit all major business KPIs.
 As I will use the base strikes new historical records,
 it's essential to stay laser focused on product innovation and adaptation of our platform
 to distant customer segments.
 One of our key product priorities continues to be seamless and enjoyable experience for
 for non-recruitment professionals from SMAs.
 The customer category has been the key driver of our business growth, and following candidate
 migration to mobile devices, we are now observing similar trends in that area.
 That is why we decided to come up with a fully reworked, important mobile application built
 on predictive interfaces.
 It's too early to draw any strong conclusions, but at the moment, we see that the key conversions
 to use the target actions in the new app have improved by 10% to 20%, thereby delivering
 high recruitment efficiency and business results for our clients.
 On the JobSeeker site, we will launch two wide experiments with employee review functionality
 integrated with our strategic partner dream job.
 And that showed very encouraging engagement from both
 candidates and employers.
 Even though it's an experimental phrase, yet,
 So circa 15% of our vacancies already have co-corporated views, and we plan to scale
 the functionality across the entire customer base.
 in the next few quarters.
 On the investment side, we have finally made the deal with Yudu, and now we're institutionally
 to move along our joint strategy in a self-employed market
 where we continue to see major growth opportunities for us.
 Now I'll turn it to Dima to walk you through the key highlights of the third
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Michel.
 Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us on this call.
 This quarter our revenue was 4.7 billion rubles and we managed to sustain, as Misha said,
 triple-digit revenue growth despite a much higher comparison base than in the second quarter.
 conditions remain very strong. We have significantly expanded our business across the key strategic
 areas, including acquisition of small and medium businesses and monetization of key accounts.
 a significant increase in marketing spend, our other cost items are significantly behind
 the top line expansion leading to elevated profitability.
 In Q3, our adjusted EBITDA margin came at 60.4%.
 This year we follow conservative Cupics policy
 resulting in strong cash generation for shareholders.
 Our copics in Q3 is percential rating, came at just circa 1%.
 in terms of performance-by-perating segments.
 In small and medium accounts revenue increased by 106% year-on-year, driven by both increase
 the number of paying customers, and our PC grows.
 the position of new clients, explain, circle,
 56 percentage points of revenue growth in small and medium segment our total customer base reached
 450,000 client and the score already exceeding full year 2020.
 in key account segment, average consumption growth,
 and organization initiatives were the key drivers
 to our strong performance.
 Notably, average check in this segment increased by 71% year-on-year, and that is largely explained
 by a humanization model for subscriptions gaining pace across the customer base.
 geographically
 Revenue from Moscow and St. Petersburg increased by 98% year-on-year, while revenue from other
 regions of Russia went up by 110%, which is totally in line with our expensive strategy
 in the Russian regions.
 Product dynamics in this quarter is somewhat similar to what we've seen in the second quarter.
 Job postings remain the fastest growing area on the back of increased consumption and small and medium and key accounts.
 In this competitive environment, clients utilize advertising tools more intensely, leading
 to ever-growing consumption per client.
 As is now, the total number of vacancies on the platform reached historical record of
 1.1 million, of which over 1 million are paid vacancies.
 CPD database access and bundle subscriptions demonstrated 94 and 89% growth year-on-year
 respectively. As you can see the growth in subscriptions is tiny conversion with listing
 product thanks to immunization enhancement of the former.
 Apart from our core products, we are very satisfied with the solid dynamics of our value-added
 services, including recruitment, automation, branding,
 products, our performance-based solutions, click me, and we're a recruiter.
 Skill has demonstrated yet another strong quarter of customer-based expansion,
 The revenue came close to 300 million rubles representing 200% growth year on year and
 reaching Gibi-Dumbray came level first time in company history this group of
 The value of the service is generated over half billion revenues in Q3, yielding growth
 So 136 percent.
 This just underscores market openness for innovative feature tech solutions in today's
 challenging environment.
 Now returning to our full year 2021 outlook.
 But this year, as you understand, it's particularly difficult to make precise projections from
 the ...
 On the one hand, our business performance is exceptionally strong and market bedrock
 is very robust but from the other hand the pandemic stats in Russia is far from being
 stable yet.
 Taking those factors into consideration, we've decided to upgrade our full year 2021
 now look to 81-84% revenue growth range,
 indicating over 15 billion revenues of 200 group in total.
 Now, here's Greg to talk about stability and cash flow metrics.
 Yeah, thanks, D-MOM, and good afternoon, everyone.
 Let me give you a shout out to D-MOM for being a part of this program.
 you some detail first on our expenses and margins. As Dima said in the third quarter of 2021,
 adjusted to the
 .
 Margin exceeded a milestone of 60%.
 Consolidation of Zerplata and Skiwaz,
 They would have margined by circa 4 percentage points.
 So therefore, our organic segments margin was even higher
 in the ballpark of 64%.
 which is a significant improvement compared to 56.6 percent in the same segments in the
 the third quarter of 2020.
 which was explained mostly by the increase in our gravenium.
 At the same time with autumn being the busy season in recruiting, the third quarter is
 usually the highest order of any year in terms of framing them.
 And consequently, has the lowest expenses
 percentage of revenue and the Christ margin. Therefore, margin in Q3 is somewhat elevated
 and we expected to trend down in Q4. Historically, over the last two years,
 margin in the fourth quarter was 4 to 10 percentage points lower compared to a third quarter.
 Our total operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization were circa 2 billion rubles
 in the third quarter of 2021, which was the increase of 69.5% compared to the third quarter
 of 2020, adjusted for equity settlement of words,
 SPO and M&A related costs.
 operating expenses were around 1.9 billion, which was an 85% increase compared to the third
 quarter of 2020. And let me briefly discuss the growth drivers in the key expense buckets.
 First of all, personnel expenses adjusted for equity to settle the wards, and that's
 to related costs increased by 61% year-on-year.
 About one-third of this growth is explained by consolidations or plot-in skills.
 The other factors were the increase in our headcount by circa 15 percent or 126 people
 over the last 12 months, and increasing our sales team bonuses on the back of the exceeding
 and raising the targets and major simplification.
 as a percentage of raving your personal expenses excluding equity settle towards
 and those correlated costs have decreased to 19.3% in the Q3 of 2021 from 24.3% in the
 third quarter of 2020, improving margin by 5 percentage points.
 We think that in the fourth quarter, we will sustain this operation leverage and personnel
 expenses will be the key contributor to our margin expansion in the full year 2021.
 one.
 Speaking of personal expenses, our equity settlement awards increased to 136 million
 rubbles in the third quarter of 2021 compared to 56 million for the third quarter last year
 or by circa 80 million.
 This was mostly due to a new 2021 RSV plan we established in July, under which we granted
 approximately 250,000 units or circa 8% of the total program
 capacity to approximately 100 of our employees.
 known to marketing expenses, they increased significantly
 by 140% year-on-year outpatient revenue growth.
 The increase in marketing was mostly due to our decision to increase spending on both
 performance and brand awareness marketing in 2021, on the back of the increased demand for
 candidates.
 In addition, approximately one-third of this growth was due to zarpolatic consolidation.
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing increased to 12% in the third quarter of 2021 compared
 to 10% in the third quarter of 2020.
 go on forward for the full year 2021, we think that the
 operating leverage potential in this bucket will be offset by our decision to increase
 I'll see you in a bit.
 Other general and administrative expenses adjusted for SPO and M&A related costs increased by
 by 90% compared to the third quarter last year.
 The key drivers of his growth were the addition of Zorplata and SKILAS, which contributed
 almost half of the growth in the bucket, as well as an increase in subcontractor costs
 in our Russia segment due to the increase in revenue from other value-added services
 and the increase in professional services.
 As a percentage of revenue, other general and administrative expenses adjusted for SPO and
 them when they relate it.
 Of course, the Ver.
 8.4% relatively flat compared to 9% in the third quarter of 2020.
 In the full year 2021 results, we expect this expense bucket to remain relatively flat as
 percentage of revenue compared to last year. Now moving on to other key
 The indicators are so complex in the third quarter of 2021 has decreased to 49 million
 compared to 70 million in the third quarter last year, as we completed our most co-office
 in the way from Project Plus the year.
 On the back of the increase in revenue, as Tim already said,
 cut-backs decreased to about 1% of revenue in the third quarter this year compared to
 around 3% in the third quarter of 2020.
 The networking capital as of the end of Q3 was negative 5.1 billion rubles compared to
 negative 3.8 billion is of the end of 2020 and the change was primarily due to customer
 advances we received.
 In-contact expansion in the third quarter of 2021 was 548 million compared to 264 million
 in the third quarter of 2020.
 The increase was driven by the increase in revenues
 and consecutive increase in the taxable profit.
 The effective tax rate in the Q3 was 23.7% compared to the 31.1% in the third quarter
 last year, this decrease was mainly attributable to a non-deductible as pure related expense
 last year, not the current in this third quarter.
 Now turning to cash generation metrics in the third quarter of 2021,
 We generated significant 2.5 billion rubles from operating activities compared to 902 million
 in the third quarter of last year,
 Primarily driven by the increase in sales, which generated 16 million robles from investment
 activities compared to 50 million used in the third quarter last year, mainly on the
 back of the increase in interest income on cash deposits.
 In financing activities, we used 2.4 billion rubles in the third quarter 2021 mostly to
 pay an earlier amount dividend for the year 2020, compared to $2.1 billion we used in
 for the last year, which was also most attributable to a dividend payout.
 Our net debt decreased from $5 billion as of the 2020 year
 rent to 2.3 billion as of the end of Q3 2021 primarily due to the increase in cash on the
 The back of this increase in net debt and the increase in adjustability to be done are
 Leverage is now 0.3 times adjusted to EBITDA compared to 1.2 times adjusted to EBITDA as
 of the 2020 year end.
 Finally, starting from October 2021, we are making daily purchases of our ADRs through
 through our broker in a form on an autonomous buyback program.
 The program stipulates that during nine months until June 2022,
 Our broker should purchase ADRs for approximately $27 million in more or less equal daily installments.
 Accordingly, as of November 8, 2021,
 the most recent date of the broker's report
 obtainable while we prepared this release.
 We have repurchased 50,000 EDRs for circa $3 million.
 This concludes our presentation of the results of the third quarter of 2021, and we are now
 I'll put in the floor to your questions.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session and as a reminder for those who want to ask a question
 Just press star and one on your telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced
 Once again, star N1 if you wish to ask a question.
 Thank you very much for your attention.
 Thank you. We have questions that came through. The first question comes from the line of
 of Dikyarev from Goldman Sachs.
 line is now open.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you very much for the call, couple of questions.
 So, firstly, how do you direction, I think, over 2022 budgeting, obviously, I know it's
 probably too early, but what are the key moving factors to keep in mind over the growth and
 margins for the next year.
 Obviously, the base is quite high, but what are the key drivers that will be having a lasting
 effect in the medium term and maybe how would you split them for the next year between volumes
 and pricing.
 And my second question would be with regards to the mobile product for employers.
 When you elaborate what are the user cases there, how popular is that, how differentiated
 is that versus the competition and maybe broadly you are the product initiatives that are
 in the pipeline.
 Thank you.
 That's all I wanted to say.
 I'm just sure it didn't work out.
 Yeah, sure, I can quickly answer the first part of the first question on the budgeting
 And how we think about next year, obviously, you're not
 going to be really surprised at this point of time.
 It's quite hard to give the kind of precise or official guidance for next year and they're
 definitely certain moving parts, mostly with regard to the kind of customer base growth
 next year, that would be a function of overall mock
 in the Korean labor market situation development.
 Or I think we're having pretty, at this point of time,
 if you look into the 2002.
 We have quite an optimistic view on the health of the mix between the monetization and the
 custom-based expansion on monetization.
 It's more kind of visible already and predictable,
 Because there are certain issues that we already
 kind of kicked in this year, and we can more or less
 precisely calculate the impact for next year.
 Obviously one of the major initiatives would be the continuous rollout of our new subscription
 model. As we said, this year this product has been performing exceptionally well and actually
 above our original expectation and the guidance we gave.
 And I think next year, therefore, we also kind of
 upgrading our expectations.
 We believe that this one single kind of monetization
 that could define after 7% of revenue growth next year.
 On top of that, you have the other pricing initiatives.
 We're gonna have inflate prices starting from January,
 not April this year, so it will be some timing difference effect as well, and so the price
 increase we expect at least 10% growth and subscriptions in bigger packages of job postings
 we expect sort of the 20% growth plus.
 Of course, all these components will go on top of those.
 I already mentioned the subscription model and we actually made a good progress in upgrading
 our backend infrastructure and business logic for monetization this year, and next year
 we are going to be a bit more intense on the differentiation
 by professions, roles, regions.
 That should also give us incremental check growth
 and also may actually help us to differentiate
 within small, medium businesses, and then,
 in the key account.
 On monetization, it looks very robust next year.
 On the customer base, I think it's, again, it's a bit
 probably be mature to guide at the moment.
 It looks quite strong, right?
 But again, this is the end of this video, thank you very much for watching this video.
 I hope you enjoyed it.
 situations evolve quite quickly, so it would be hard, and I will defer to
 command on expenses to the tuition.
 Yeah.
 So, for me, we are kind of in the middle of the budget session right now, and as we discuss,
 We definitely see several areas for growth, the numerous kind of sensitive, sensible initiatives
 for the 2022 and certainly it doesn't make sense from our point of view to kind of just
 cut them off just for the sake of the effort of stability.
 Therefore, as Dima said, we are not prepared to give any guidance at this point on 2022,
 actually in both revenue growth and margins,
 What I can say is that the budget will definitely contain certain investment components in
 We'll see you on the next one.
 in terms of the expenses.
 I think also important to kind of understand again that the 2021 was the year of very steep
 and sometimes in some areas we struggle for resources.
 resources, so it's probably kind of not the best reference points as well for the future
 planet.
 Yep, so I guess that's the...
 the comment I can give you on the margin front.
 I think we're sure.
 I think we can move on to the second question from Slava on our new mobile product.
 I can say that, historically, we were a little bit dismissive on a kind of mobile platform
 for employers because we saw very limited use cases and most of our clients actually prefer
 to use either a mobile interface wire or actually just wire the mobile devices but not in any
 the app functionality or they just continue to use desktop.
 So historically, we didn't invest much in that area.
 And over the last few years, especially during COVID,
 that situation has significant change in our view.
 We also pick up in demand and usage and predominantly form obviously small and medium businesses
 from non-recruitment professionals, and this is how actually we designed this new app,
 So that's clearly designed for a very easy, simplified workflow, which is a kind of call
 to action approach when there are a lot of predictive actions when you don't need to
 fill out the details and the machine using some machine learning instruments and back
 and trying to kind of predict the answers, and then kind of minimize the questions we
 ask.
 That's clearly targeted at the SMA usage.
 At the same time, we try to kind of factor
 and incorporate the functionality
 that is usually very popular among the key accounts as well,
 by, for example, working with the archive and the integrations
 the ETS and, for example, communication platform that we introduced in our DropSticker platform
 earlier this year, we actually did the same for employer app because it's becoming kind
 of core functionality.
 And also, we believe that our new app,
 especially on Android platform, I'm
 going to be much more stable.
 And all the metrics that we collected over the last one
 have months since the launch of the Android platform
 shows us that actually the case.
 and we look at the, again, it's earlier
 for some strong conclusions yet, right?
 And there are a lot of product wars required for this new app.
 but we already see up to 20% improving in conversions,
 especially in registration, in purchases, et cetera.
 And for small and medium-sized support,
 We believe that that should be quite helpful for all
 key metrics and efficiency while we'll play some overall for the for this
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thank you. And the next question comes from Ivan Kim from Excellus Capital.
 Your line is now open, please go ahead.
 Ha, yes, but after none.
 I guess three questions from my side, please.
 Firstly, on the fourth quarter, we didn't see any
 input on job postings on your platform in November.
 but if you can just comment
 on what sort of impact lockdown had or has
 on your numbers so far.
 Secondly, on skillets, what sort of growth outlook
 You foresee for 20 to 4 skills in particular ballpark very wide ranges or directionally would be
 great and related question to that is whether you consider further expansion
 to adjacencies, because as SQL's experience shows,
 you increase your daggers aggressive margin massively
 with one small acquisition.
 So this is the end of the video.
 Thanks for watching.
 I was just wondering, there was UBU-DU obviously, but if you think about expansion there, more
 progress in 22 in adjacencies.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks for having me.
 You know, handle these questions.
 The first on November lockdown, of course, we saw deceleration in billing and bookings
 So, that week of non-working days, luckily, it was just a week for the majority of regions,
 Of course, in certain regions extended the term.
 So we saw a certain underperformance in the shorter term
 products especially short subscriptions small packages of job postings so tell
 So in rough terms, we lost that week a circle of 25% percentage points of growth compared
 to the previous, the week before the lockdown.
 that that is clearly
 a better picture that we observed last year when we're in a constant and one working mode
 right in june and and and me
 And that just shows that the business has been adopted to a large extent,
 have been operating in this environment for more than a year already, and especially in
 key accounts we saw very little disruption and we most of our clients
 and big underpriced just continued operations as normal.
 But, of course, in a small-medium business, there wasn't an impact.
 But it was not as severe as we saw in previous blockdowns.
 on the on the lockdown and I think on the fourth quarter otherwise it's so far
 today the performance is quite quite encouraging but no one knows actually what
 to expect the next one month and a half, right?
 So the risk of restrictive measures is quite high,
 and it's not binary.
 It's not that it's either there are or not.
 It's in certain regions that they can make some local decisions, so it's actually having
 impact on certain regions. It's quite hard to predict the exact impact in the first quarter.
 On the skill-ass, the fourth quarter traditionally is the strongest quarter.
 you may expect that these watch counters that they sign they tend to be kind of
 signed at the kind of last minute when the budgets allocated to the department kind of
 Golov, and historically, I think, two or three years in a row, the force quarter was the strongest.
 Generally, we believe that they should post
 circle 400 million revenues.
 this year, but there are certain big contracts with very large enterprises that are underway
 that actually may kind of be a swing factor here, right?
 because it makes you sleep.
 next uh...
 next quarter. Therefore, it's, I think, skill us at this point of time when they acquire
 new customers quite intensely, they are a bit less predictable and then compared to
 to hide under.
 But we expect a strong quarter.
 And the last one, I think, is quite the right one.
 It's exactly in one with our thinking that in today's environment we see a lot of opportunities
 in adjacent areas and many of them could be actually tackled in a kind of
 quicker and more efficient way of wire some smaller stage acquisitions and we actually
 were quite the active in the search out for this type of astro-slide, like, skill us,
 job, right, you do, et cetera.
 So we, I would say, I would guide that on quite high, like,
 acquisitions within the next two, three years pursuing these opportunities.
 Great, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 And the next question comes from the line of Luke Holbrook
 from Morgan Stanley, your line is now open.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for letting me on the call and congratulations on a strong set of results.
 I just had a question on market share dynamics given your strong revenue performance this
 quarter, I just wondered if you could comment a bit on what you were seeing in the regions
 in particular, how has the plot changed that dynamic a bit as well, particularly in the
 around, Siberia regions, do you feel that you're gaining share at this point in time?
 and then I've just got to follow up after that.
 Yeah, sure. Thanks for the question.
 Well, the regional business is performing stronger than in terms of growth than in the capital
 cities, right, in Moscow and in St. Petersburg, it's 110 percent of growth, and in particular
 in the Zapata region and Urals and Siberia, it's one of the strongest areas where we
 have probably the biggest market share, even compared to Moscow.
 We recently made a survey and that actually kind of resulted in a quite astonishing fact
 that we deliver over 95% of all applications
 in Yekaterinburg, for example, right?
 So it's like the whole market delivers is just 5%.
 if you take out the ascensor bottom.
 So it's a very, very strong, strong regions.
 So the plot is slightly underperforming, headhunter,
 And I think we always guided this week
 because they are deprived of certain benefits of nationwide very effective marketing that
 We are enjoying, therefore the revenue is not growing
 as fast as a headhunter.
 So we are kind of grabbing share from the plotter.
 but combined with gerplata collectively,
 we differently in an ever strong position.
 And I think that actually kind of unlocks a lot of monetization potential as well for us.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 in terms of then your marketing spend that you mentioned there, is there a certain regional
 or product focus, or you're targeting more blue color or white color, would you split
 it like that and turn any colour there would be useful.
 Yeah, Luke, this is Gregory.
 Really, I don't think I can give you the kind of details by marketing channel or by
 segment because for kind of
 competition reason we prefer not to go into the so much detail right but what I
 I probably can't tell you is that in the second quarter of this year and in the third
 And as well, we are strengthening marketing on both brand awareness formats, such as
 outdoor campaign for instance and performance marketing as well as we see
 kind of high demand for candidates and also on the back of kind of low
 activity of job seekers. So we think it makes all the sense to spend more for audience acquisition
 to balance with demand, provide better efficiency to customers
 who are essentially playing extra nowadays to get their records and going.
 So, we are frankly increasing across the board.
 For instance, we had a significant outdoor campaign in Moscow recently and we saw a sizable
 increase in top of mind brand awareness by about 8% or I'd say 8% points probably to
 to 66% according to all the last measure.
 We also see traffic going up at around between 20 and 30 percent as we increase more in digital
 and digital channels.
 So it's across the board and for other successful sake.
 Great. Thank you very much. That's very good.
 Thank you, and the next question comes from the line of Dimitri Vlasov from Wooden Company your line is now open. Please go ahead. Oh
 Oh, yes, thank you very much for the opportunity to ask a question.
 I have two, please.
 the first one.
 Could you please break down the revenue growth for the fourth quarter of 2021?
 basically what came as a result of zooplata and skillus and what came from the organic growth and
 and what came from this labor market deficit, so to speak.
 Now, the other question is on the gig economy.
 if you could maybe comment on how big do you see the total industrial market
 opportunity here, like what's the opportunity now and how we could have become once the
 for you.
 on the gray market to the legal one will occur.
 Thank you.
 Thank you indeed. I'll handle both.
 On the first one, if we try to decompose this, the growth in a third quarter or a hundred
 3% or an absolute term is 2.4 billion.
 Yeah, you can actually split up into a wall-based effect
 than organic growth and kind of more sustainable organic, right?
 So in terms of wall-based effect, it's obviously, it's arbitrary, right?
 Because it depends on what we do set as a base for last year.
 But we estimate that it's around 15%, out of 103%, which is equal to 315 million, that
 is displayed by low base.
 So the percentage is obviously going down compared to Q2 for this reason.
 Then more or less equal impact game drive from
 inorganic growth, around 15%, over 350 million.
 that's a collective impact from skill essence or plot
 consolidation this year.
 And then, so effectively, if you take out these two buckets,
 than remaining 70% or 1.7 billion rubles could be also broken into three major guiding
 growth buckets. I've always, I think, having in consideration first monetization, second
 client-based expansion and the sort of consumption growth.
 So the first, uh...
 Explains a circle 40% of that 1.7 billion
 That's monetization or client base, of course, price differentiation and the couple with
 the effect of a new subscription model, that the key contributors already said that the
 pay-per-contact products performing exceptionally well this year, then 25% of 1.7 billion relates
 to increase the consumption of services.
 That's the impact of the market situation and labor
 for shortage and their general low-candidate activity in the market.
 discussed last time so part of it probably diminished over time so it's
 kind of semi-sustainable because we see that, for example, small many businesses they consume
 twice, twice bigger packages than usually do.
 And the remaining 35% is the customer base expansion,
 predominantly small and medium businesses, predominantly regions.
 So that's driven by online adoption, our marketing investments and B2B channels, our product
 adoption, platform adoption, et cetera, and that's the most encouraging number
 because that's just helping us to grow the base which we can monetize in the future.
 So generally, if you compare Q2, the wall-based effect went down, the immunization effect
 went up
 The other buckets remain more or less the same.
 And the second question was on the gig economy.
 Yeah, I think we touched upon this, but I'm happy to repeat that generally we see globally
 that the independent workforce constitutes up to 30% or not up to an average 30% of labor
 force, it's quite a stable measure if you look at it.
 So in Russia, even including the unofficial gray market, that's only 15 percent.
 And of course, 95% of that, 15%, are currently in the gray zone, because there are very limited
 incentive created, and upon the legislation change in 2018, we saw huge intake and registration
 of self-registered, all right?
 So we believe, at the moment, there
 with official statistics, around 2 million self-employed, and we expect, actually, this
 number to grow, say 10x up to 20 million in the next three to five years.
 But that's a huge emerging market for us.
 highly dynamic and not only the volumes that matter but also the business model that could
 be applied to matters because if you compare with our traditional permanent work, it's
 much
 easier in this market to cut in the transaction, right? Because it's more frequent market.
 But it's quite similar to what we've seen in mass equipment.
 And therefore, it's much easier to cut introduction, processing payroll, processing some admin
 works so it's very sticky potentially if you're if you're happy if you're successful in a
 not boarding care, especially big enterprises.
 So that's our strategy together with UDU.
 So, we kind of officially declared this strategic partnership in June, then we tried to kind
 test this solution with the clients and the interaction was exceptional.
 So we decided to invest in UDU as a kind of minority partner at the stage, but of course
 It's a strategic type transaction for us.
 we were having and securing all the necessary best best to control in the future, to kind
 If consolidated business should actually take off in the end.
 but we are very optimistic and I think in the end,
 this temporary market, contingent market, could be bigger in monetary terms than the permanent
 and sourcing market.
 Thank you very much very clear
 Thank you and no further questions that came through.
 I will now like to hand the conference back to your speaker Dimitri Serginov.
 your line is open, sir. You may go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you. I'll be right here. Yeah, there's just a few, a few idioms.
 the first of all, thanks for your participation.
 This is the last quarterly call for this year.
 time flies by quickly. Needless to say that it's been outstanding water for us in terms
 financial results is probably the best quarter we've had since we've gone public.
 It's really nice to see how a strategy execution is folding.
 We will show you how we can really continue to grow client volumes while concurrently
 They're all out differentiating monetization.
 So it speaks of the desk, of the online market,
 speaks of the kind of pricing power rising out of our competitive position.
 And what's even more encouraging, I think, that kind of stems from the question we just
 from Vanya on the adjacent markets in this challenging kind of candidate work we clearly
 see that the process of kind of rethinking and upgrading the role of HR function in HR
 funding within organizations, so coupled with the recruitment
 interactions, migrating online, so this creates the new
 window opportunities beyond our traditional market boundaries.
 This is already evidenced in our results, in various service performance, including skill
 as dynamic in our experiments with dream jobs and you do so we which one is
 stress that for us as the market leader, in traditional market, it's really important
 We are the best position to kind of catch this opportunity.
 It's an important strategic task to kind of lead the next wave
 for which are tech development in Russia.
 That's our ambition and goal for now for years to come.
 Thanks for your attention.
 Have a great week.
 Bye.
 Thank you for your conference for today. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.