Good day and welcome to today's third quarter 2021 financial results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by question and answer session, at which time, if you wish to ask a question, you will need to press star and 1 on your telephone keypad. I also must advise you that this conference is being recorded today and I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Arman Arutyunyan. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Headhunter Group third quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me today to discuss our results are Mikhail Dyukov, our Chief Executive Officer, Dmitry Sergeenkov, our Deputy Chief Executive Officer, and Gregory Moiseyev, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we would like you to remind that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted or implied by such statements, and forward-looking statements made today speak only to our expectations as of today. We undertake an obligation to publicly update or revise these statements. For a discussion of some of the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ, please see the risk factors section in our most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. During this call, we will be referring to some non-IFRS financial measures. These non-IFRS financial measures are not prepared in accordance with IFRS. A reconciliation of the non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS measures is provided in the earnings release we issued today and the slide presentation, each of which is available on our website at investor.hh.ru. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mikhail. Thank you, Arman. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. This was an exceptionally solid quarter for our product and business development. Dmitry and Grigory will walk this through in detail later on, but we have yet again managed to double our revenue base compared to 2020 and hit all major business KPIs. As our user base strikes new historical records, it's essential to stay laser-focused on product innovation and adaptation of our platform to distinct customer segments. One of our key product priorities continues to be seamless and enjoyable experience for non-recruitment professionals from SMAs. This customer category has been the key driver of our business growth, and following candidate migration to mobile devices, we are now observing similar trends in that area. That is why we decided to come up with a fully reworked employer mobile application built on predictive interfaces. It's too early to draw any strong conclusions, but at the moment we see that the key conversions to user-target actions in the new app have improved by 10 to 20 percent, thereby delivering high recruitment efficiency and business results for our clients. On the job seeker side, we launched wide experiments with employer review functionality integrated with our strategic partner DreamJob, and that showed very encouraging engagement from both candidates and employers. Even though it's in experimental phase, yet circa 15 percent of our vacancies already have corporate reviews, and we plan to scale this functionality across the entire customer base in the next two quarters. On the investment side, we have finally nailed the deal with UDU, and now we're institutionally ready to move along our joint strategy in a self-employed market, where we continue to see major growth opportunities for us. Now I'll turn it to Dima to walk you through the key highlights of the third quarter. Thank you. Thank you, Misha. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us on this call. This quarter, our revenue was 4.7 billion rubles, and we managed to sustain, as Misha said, a triple-digit revenue growth despite a much higher comparison base than in second quarter. Market conditions remain very strong. We have significantly expanded our business across the key strategic areas, including acquisition of small and medium businesses and monetization of key accounts. Despite a significant increase in marketing spend, our other cost items are significantly behind the top-line expansion, leading to elevated profitability. In Q3, our adjusted EBITDA margin came at 60.4 percent. This year, we followed a conservative CAPEX policy, resulting in strong cash generation for shareholders. Our CAPEX in Q3 as a percentage of revenue came at just circa 1 percent. In terms of performance by operating segments, in small and medium accounts, revenue increased by 106 percent year-on-year, driven by both increase in number of paying customers and RPC growth. Acquisition of new clients explained circa 56 percentage points of revenue growth in small and medium segment. Our total customer base reached 450,000 clients, and this quarter already exceeding full year 2020. In key accounts segment, average consumption growth and monetization initiatives were the key drivers of our strong performance. Notably, average check in this segment increased by 71 percent year-on-year, and that is largely explained by new monetization model for subscriptions gaining pace across the customer base. Geographically, revenue from Moscow and St. Petersburg increased by 98 percent year-on-year, while revenue from other regions of Russia went up by 110 percent, which is totally in line with our expensive strategy in Russian regions. Product dynamics this quarter is somewhat similar to what we've seen in the second quarter. Job postings remained the fastest growing area on the back of increased consumption in small and medium and key accounts. In this competitive environment, clients utilized advertising tools more intensively, leading to ever-growing consumption per client. As a result, the total number of vacancies on the platform reached historical record of 1.1 million, of which over 1 million are paid vacancies. Activity-based access and bundle subscriptions demonstrated 94 and 89 percent growth year-on-year, respectively. As you can see, the growth in subscriptions is kind of converging with listing products thanks to monetization enhancement of the former. Apart from our core products, we are very satisfied with the solid dynamics of our value-added services, including recruitment automation, branding products, our performance-based solutions, ClickMe and Virtual Recruiter. SkillUs demonstrated yet another strong quarter of customer-based expansion, with revenue came close to 300 million rubles, representing 200 percent growth year-on-year, and reaching EBITDA break-even level first time in company history. This group of value-added services generated over half a billion revenues in Q3, yielding growth of 136 percent. This just underscores market openness for innovative HR tech solutions in today's challenging environment. Now returning to our full-year 2021 outlook. This year, as you understand, it's particularly difficult to make precise projections. From the one hand, our business performance is exceptionally strong and market backdrop is very robust, but from the other hand, the pandemic stats in Russia is far from being stable yet. Taking those factors into consideration, we've decided to upgrade our full-year 2021 outlook to 81-84 percent revenue growth range, indicating over 15 billion revenues of 400 group in total. Now here's Gregory to talk about our profitability and cash flow metrics. Yeah, thanks, Dima, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me give you some detail first on our expenses and margins. As Dima said, in the third quarter of 2021, the adjusted EBITDA margin exceeded a milestone of 60 percent. Consolidation of Zarpalata and Skillus diluted margin by circa 4 percentage points. So therefore, our organic segment's margin was even higher in the ballpark of 64 percent, which is a significant improvement compared to 56.6 percent in the same segments in the third quarter of 2020, which was explained mostly by the increase in our revenue. At the same time, with autumn being the busy season in recruiting, the third quarter is usually the highest quarter of any year in terms of revenue and consequently has the lowest expenses as percentage of revenue and the highest margin. Therefore, margin in Q3 is somewhat elevated and we expect it to trend down in Q4. Historically, over the last two years, margin in the fourth quarter was 4 to 10 percentage points lower compared to a third quarter. Our total operating expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization, were circa 2 billion rubles in the third quarter of 2021, which was the increase of 69.5 percent compared to the third quarter of 2020. Adjusted for equity-settled awards, SPO and M&A related costs, operating expenses were around 1.9 billion, which was an 85 percent increase compared to the third quarter of 2020. And let me briefly discuss the growth drivers in the key expense buckets. First of all, personnel expenses adjusted for equity-settled awards and SPO-related costs increased by 61 percent year-on-year. About one-third of this growth is explained by consolidation of Zarpata and Skillas. The other factors were the increase in our headcount by circa 15 percent or 126 people over the last 12 months, and an increase in our sales team bonuses on the back of exceeding revenue targets and wages inflation. As a percentage of revenue, personnel expenses, excluding equity-settled awards and SPO-related costs, have decreased to 19.3 percent in the Q3 of 2021 from 24.3 percent in the third quarter of 2020, improving margin by 5 percentage points. We think that in the fourth quarter

we will sustain this operating leverage and personnel expenses will be the key contributor to our margin expansion in the full year 2021. Speaking of personnel expenses, our equity settled awards increased to 136 million rubles in the third quarter of 2021 compared to 56 million for the third quarter last year or by circa 80 million. This was mostly due to a new 2021 RSU plan we established in July under which we granted approximately 250,000 units or circa 8% of the total program capacity to approximately 100 of our employees. Moving on to marketing expenses, they increased significantly by 140% year on year, outpacing revenue growth. The increase in marketing was mostly due to our decision to increase spending on both performance and brand awareness marketing in 2021 on the back of the increased demand for candidates. In addition, approximately one third of this growth was due to Zarpata consolidation. As a percentage of revenue, marketing increased to 12% in the third quarter of 2021 compared to 10% in the third quarter of 2020. Going forward for the full year 2021, we think that the operating leverage potential in this bucket will be offset by our decision to increase spending. Other general and administrative expenses adjusted for SPO and M&A related costs increased by 90% compared to the third quarter last year. The key drivers of this growth were the addition of Zarpata and Skillaz which contributed almost half of the growth in the bucket as well as an increase in subcontractor costs in our Russia segment due to the increase in revenue from other value added services and the increase in professional services. As a percentage of revenue, other general and administrative expenses adjusted for SPO and M&A related costs were 8.4% relatively flat compared to 9% in the third quarter of 2020. In the full year 2021 results, we expect this expense bucket to remain relatively flat as percentage of revenue compared to last year. Now moving on to other key indicators, our CAPEX in the third quarter of 2021 has decreased to 49 million compared to 70 million in the third quarter last year as we completed our Moscow office renovation project last year. On the back of the increase in revenue, as Dima already said, CAPEX decreased to circa 1% of revenue in the third quarter this year compared to around 3% in the third quarter of 2020. The net working capital as of the end of Q3 was negative 5.1 billion rubles compared to negative 3.8 billion as of the end of 2020 and the change was primarily due to customer advances we received. Income tax expense in the third quarter of 2021 was 548 million compared to 264 million in the third quarter of 2020. The increase was driven by the increase in revenues and consecutive increase in the taxable profit. The effective tax rate in the Q3 was 23.7% compared to the 31.1% in the third quarter last year. This decrease was mainly attributable to a non-deductible SPO related expense last year not occurring in the third quarter. Now turning to cash generation metrics in the third quarter of 2021, we generated significant 2.5 billion rubles from operating activities compared to 902 million in the third quarter last year, primarily driven by the increase in sales. We generated 16 million rubles from investment activities compared to 50 million used in the third quarter last year, mainly on the back of the increase in interest income on cash deposits. In financing activities, we used 2.4 billion rubles in the third quarter 2021, mostly to pay an earlier announced dividend for the year 2020 compared to 2.1 billion we used in the third quarter last year, which was also mostly attributable to a dividend payout. Our net debt decreased from 5 billion as of the 2020 year end to 2.3 billion as of the end of Q3 2021, primarily due to the increase in cash. On the back of this increase in net debt and the increase in adjusted EBITDA, our leverage is now 0.3 times adjusted EBITDA compared to 1.2 times adjusted EBITDA as of the 2020 year end. Finally, starting from October 2021, we are making daily repurchases of our ADRs through our broker in a form on an autonomous buyback program. The program stipulates that during nine months until June 2022, our broker should purchase ADRs for approximately $27 million in more or less equal daily installments. Accordingly, as of November 8, 2021, the most recent date of the broker's report obtainable while we prepared this release, we have repurchased 52,000 ADRs for circa $3 million. This concludes our presentation of the results of the third quarter of 2021, and we are now opening the floor to your questions. Thank you. Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. And as a reminder, for those who want to ask a question, just press star and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced. Once again, star and 1 if you wish to ask a question. Thank you. We have questions that came through. The first question comes from the line of Keshislav Dikyarev from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Yes, thank you very much for the call. A couple of questions. So firstly, how do you directionally think over 2022 budgeting? Obviously, I know it's probably early, but what are the key moving factors to keep in mind over the growth and margins for the next year? Obviously, the base is quite high, but what are the key drivers that will be having a lasting effect in the medium term? And maybe how would you split them for the next year between volumes and pricing? And my second question would be with regards to the mobile product for employers. Can you elaborate what are the user cases there? How popular is that? How differentiated is that versus the competition? And maybe broadly, new other product initiatives that are in the pipeline. Thank you. Yes, thank you. I'm sorry, Dima. Go ahead. Yeah, sure. I again quickly answer the first part of the first question on the budgeting and how we think about next year. Obviously, you're not going to be unduly surprised that at this point of time, it's quite hard to give a precise or official guidance for next year. There are definitely certain moving parts, mostly with regard to the customer base growth next year. That would be a function of overall market and labor market situation development. I think we're having pretty at this point of time, if you like, look into the 2022. We have quite optimistic view on the healthy mix between monetization and customer base expansion. On monetization, it's more kind of visible already and predictable because certain initiatives that we already kind of kicked in this year and we can more or less precisely calculate the impact for next year. Obviously, one of the major initiatives would be the kind of continuous rollout of our new subscription model. As we said, this year, this product has been performing exceptionally well and actually above our original expectation and the guidance we gave. And I think next year, therefore, we're also kind of upgrading our expectations. We believe that this one single kind of monetization effect would define up to 7% of revenue growth next year. And on top of that, you'd have the other pricing initiatives. We're going to inflate prices starting from January, not April of this year. So there will be some timing difference effect as well. And to the price increase, we expect at least 10% growth in subscriptions and bigger packages of job postings. We expect sort of 20% growth plus. And of course, all these components will go on top of those I already mentioned in the subscription model. And we actually made a good progress in upgrading our back-end infrastructure and business logic for monetization this year. And next year, we're going to be more intense on the differentiation by professions, roles, regions. That should also give us incremental chat growth and also may actually help us kind of differentiate between small, medium businesses and key accounts. So on monetization, it looks very robust next year. On the customer base, I think it's, again, it's a bit probably premature to guide at the moment. It looks quite strong, right? But again, these situations evolve quite quickly, so it will be hard. And I will defer to comment on expenses. Yeah, so from me, we are kind of in the middle of the budget session right now. And as we discuss, we definitely see several areas for growth.

growth, the numerous sensible initiatives for 2022. And certainly it doesn't make sense from our point of view to kind of just cut them off just for the sake of the short-term stability. Therefore, as Dima said, we are not prepared to give any guidance at this point on 2022. Actually, in both revenue growth and margins, what I can say is that the budget will definitely contain certain investment component in terms of the expenses. I think also important to kind of understand again that 2021 was the year of very steep revenue growth. And sometimes in some areas we struggled for resources. So it's probably kind of not the best reference point as well for the future planning. Yeah, so I guess that's the comment I can give you on the margin front. Thank you, Christian. I think we can move on to the second question from Slava on our new mobile product. I can say that historically we were a little bit dismissive on kind of mobile platform for employers because we saw very limited use cases. And most of our clients actually preferred to use either mobile interface wire, well, actually just wire in mobile devices, but not in the app functionality where they just continue to use desktop. So historically we didn't invest that much in that area. And the last few years, especially during COVID, that situation has significantly changed in our view. We saw a pickup in demand and usage and predominantly from obviously small and medium businesses, from non-recruitment professionals. And this is how actually we designed this new app. So that's clearly designed for a very easy, simplified workflow with a kind of call to action approach when a lot of predictive actions, when you don't need to fill out the details and the machine using some machine learning instruments and backend trying to kind of predict the answers and kind of minimize the questions we ask. So that's clearly targeted at the SME usage. At the same time, we try to kind of factor and incorporate the functionality that is usually very popular among the key accounts as well. Like for example, working with archives and the integrations of the ETS and for example, communication platform that we introduced in our job seeker platform earlier this year, we actually did the same for employer app. It's because it's becoming kind of core functionality. And also we believe that our new app, especially on Android platform, gonna be much more stable. And the kind of all the metrics that we collected over the last one and a half months since the launch of the Android platform showed us that that's actually the case. And we look at the, again, it's early to draw some strong conclusions yet, right? And there are a lot of product works required for this new app. But we already see up to 20% improvement in conversions, especially in registration, in purchases, et cetera. And for small, medium business, we believe that that should be quite helpful for all the key metrics and efficiency of our platform overall for this category. Okay, thank you very much. Thanks, Rob. Thank you. And the next question comes from Ivan Kim from Exelis Capital. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Yes, good afternoon. I guess three questions from my side, please. Firstly, on the fourth quarter, we didn't see any impact on job postings on your platform in November, but if you can just comment on what sort of impact lockdown had or has on your numbers so far. Secondly, on Skillus, what sort of growth outlook you foresee for 22 for Skillus in particular? Ballpark, very wide ranges or directionally would be great. And related question to that is whether you consider further expansion to adjacencies? Because as Skillus experience shows, you increase your target addressable market massively with one small acquisition. So just wondering, there was a little deal, obviously, but if you think about expansion there more aggressively in 22 in adjacencies. Thank you very much. Thanks, Wayne. I'll handle these questions. The first, on November lockdown, of course, we saw deceleration in billings and bookings of that week of non-working days. Luckily, it was just a week, but for the majority of regions. Of course, certain regions extended the term. So we saw a certain underperformance in the shorter term products, especially in short subscriptions, small packages of job postings. So telling kind of the rough terms, we lost that week, approximately 25 percentage points of growth compared to the week before the lockdown. That is clearly a better picture that we observed last year when we were in a constant non-working mode, right, in June and May. And that just shows that the business has been adopted to a large extent and been operating in this environment for more than a year already. And especially in key accounts, we saw very little disruption. And most of our clients and big enterprises just continued operations as normal. But of course, in small, medium businesses, there was an impact, but it was not as severe as we saw in previous lockdowns. That's on the lockdown. And I think on the fourth quarter, otherwise, so far, quarter to date, the performance is quite encouraging. But no one knows actually what to expect in the next one month and a half, right? So the risk of restrictive measures is quite high and it's not binary. It's not that it's either there are or not. It's certain regions that they can, so local decisions. So it's actually having impact on certain regions. It's quite hard to predict the exact impact on the first quarter. On Skillas, the fourth quarter traditionally is the strongest quarter. You may expect that this large contracts that they sign, they tend to be kind of signed at the kind of last minute when the budgets allocated to the department kind of go off. And historically, I think two or three years in a row, the fourth quarter was the strongest. Generally, we believe that they should post circle 400 million revenues this year. But there are certain big contracts with very large enterprises that are underway that actually may kind of be a swing factor here, right? So because of the extra sleep next quarter. Therefore, it's I think Skillas at this point of time of when they acquired new customers quite intensely, they are a bit less kind of predictable than compared to Headhunter. But we expect a strong quarter. And the last one, I think it's quite the right one. It's exactly in line with our thinking that in today's environment, we see a lot of opportunities in adjacent areas and many of them could be actually tackled in a quicker and more efficient way via some smaller stage acquisitions. And we actually were quite active on the search for this type of assets like Skillas, DreamJob, Yudu, etc. So I would say we are a guide on quite high acquisitions in the next two, three years pursuing these opportunities. Great. Thank you very much. Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Luke Holbrook from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Thank you for letting me on the call. Congratulations on a strong set of results. I just had a question on market share dynamics. Given your strong revenue performance this quarter, I just wondered if you could comment a bit on what you were seeing in the regions in particular. How has the plotter changed that dynamic a bit as well, particularly around Siberia regions? Do you feel that you're gaining share at this point in time? And then I've just got a follow-up after that. Thank you. Yeah, sure. Thanks for the question. Well, the regional business is performing stronger in terms of growth than in the capital cities, in Moscow and in St. Petersburg. It's 110% growth. And in particular, in the Zaplat region andurals in Siberia, it's one of the strongest areas where we have probably the biggest market share, even compared to Moscow. We recently made a survey, and that actually kind of

We made a survey and that actually resulted in the astonishing fact that we deliver over 95% of all applications in Yekaterinburg, for example. So, it's like the whole market delivers just 5% if you take out the asset or platform. So, it's a very, very strong region. I'd say the platform is slightly underperforming headhunter and I think we're always guided this way because they are deprived of certain benefits of nationwide very effective marketing that we're enjoying. Therefore, their revenue is not growing as fast as headhunters. So, we're kind of grabbing share from the platform but combined with the platform, collectively, we're definitely in an ever-strong position. So, I think that actually kind of unlocks a lot of monetization potential as well for us. Okay, thanks. And just in terms of then your marketing spend that you mentioned there, is there a certain regional or product focus or are you targeting more blue-collar or white-collar? Would you split it like that internally? Any color there would be useful. Yeah, no, this is Gregory. Really, I don't think I can give you the kind of details by marketing channel or by segments because for kind of competition reasons we prefer not to go into the so much detail, right? But what I probably can tell you is that in the second quarter of this year and in the third as well, we are strengthening marketing on both brand awareness formats such as outdoor campaign, for instance, and performance marketing as well. As we see kind of high demand for candidates and also on the back of kind of low activity of job seekers. So, we think it makes all the sense to spend more for audience acquisition to balance with demand, provide better efficiency to customers who are essentially paying extra nowadays to get their recruitment going. So, we are frankly increasing across the board. For instance, we had a significant outdoor campaign in Moscow recently and we saw a sizable increase in top of mind brand awareness by circa 8%. Or I'd say 8 percentage points probably to 66% according to our last measure. We also see traffic going up at around between 20 and 30% as we increase more in digital channels. So, it's across the board and rather successful. Great. Thank you very much. That's very clear. Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Dimitri Vlasov from Wuden Company. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Thank you very much for the opportunity to ask questions. I have two please. The first one, could you please break down the revenue growth for the fourth quarter of 2021? Basically, what came as a result of Zalplat and Skillas and what came from the organic growth and what came from this labor market deficit, so to speak. The other question is on the gig economy. If you could maybe comment on how big do you see the total addressable market opportunity here? Like what's the opportunity now and how big could it become once the transition from the gray market to the legal one will occur? Thank you. Good morning. I'll handle both. On the first one, if we try to decompose the growth in the third quarter, 103%, or in absolute terms 2.4 billion, we can actually split up into a low base effect, then inorganic growth and kind of more sustainable organic, right? So, in terms of low base effect, obviously it's arbitrary, right? It depends on what we do set as a base for last year. But we estimate that it's around 15% out of 103%, which is equal to 350 million that is explained by low base. So, the percentage is obviously going down compared to Q2 for this reason. Then more or less equal impact came derived from inorganic growth, around 15% or 350 million. That's a collective impact from Skillas and Surplata consolidation this year. And then, effectively, if you take out these two buckets, 30%, then remaining 70% or 1.7 billion rubles could be also broken into three major organic growth buckets. I'm always having in consideration, first, monetization, second, client-based expansion, and the third, consumption growth. So, the first explains 40% of that 1.7 billion. That's monetization or client-based, of course, price differentiation and coupled with the effect of a new subscription model. The key contributors already said that pay-per-contact products are performing exceptionally well this year. Then 25% of 1.7 billion relates to increased consumption of services. That's the impact of the market situation and labor force shortage and the general low candidate activity in the market. Discussed last time, part of it probably diminished over time, so it's semi-sustainable because we see that, for example, small-medium businesses, they consume twice bigger packages than they usually do. And the remaining 35% is the customer-based expansion, predominantly small and medium businesses, predominantly regions. So, that's driven by online adoption, our marketing investments in B2B channels, our product adoption, platform adoption, et cetera. And that's the most encouraging number, probably, because it's just helping us to grow the base, which we can monetize in the future. So, generally, if you compare Q2, the low-base effect went down, the monetization effect went up, the other buckets remained more or less the same. And the second question was on gig economy. Yeah, I think we touched upon this, but I'm happy to repeat that generally we see globally that the independent workforce constitutes up to 30% or not up to, on average, 30% of labor force. It's quite a stable measure if you look at it. So, in Russia, even including the unofficial gray market, that's only 15%. And, of course, 95% of that 15% are currently in the gray zone. And because there are very limited incentives created and upon the legislation change in 2018, we saw huge intake and registration of self-registered. So, we believe at the moment there are, in accordance with official statistics, around 2 million self-employed, and we expect this number to grow, say, 10x up to 20 million in the next 3 to 5 years. So, that's a huge emerging market for us. It's highly dynamic and not only the volumes that matter, but also the business model that could be applied matters. Because if you compare with our traditional permanent work, it's much easier in this market to cut into transaction, because it's a more frequent market. It's quite similar to what we've seen in mass recruitment. And therefore, it's much easier to cut into transaction, processing payroll, processing some admin work. So, it's very sticky, potentially, if you're successful in onboarding, especially big enterprises. So, that's our strategy together with YouDo. We kind of officially declared this strategic partnership in June, then we tried to kind of test this solution with the clients and the interaction was exceptional. So, we decided to invest in YouDo as a minority partner at this stage, but of course, it's a strategic type transaction for us. We were having and securing all the necessary paths to control in the future, kind of consolidate this business, should it actually take off in the end. But we're very optimistic and in the end, this temporary market, contingent market could be bigger in monetary terms than the permanent sourcing market. Thank you very much. Very clear. Thank you. And no further questions have came through. I will now like to hand the conference back to your speaker, Dimitri Sergeyev. Your line is now open, sir. You may go ahead. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, just a few remarks. First of all, thanks for your participation. This is the last quarterly call for this year. Time flies by quickly. Needless to say that it's been an outstanding quarter for us in terms of financial results. It's probably the best quarter we had since we've gone public. It's really nice to see how a strategy execution is folding. We showcased how we can really continue to grow client volumes while concurrently rolling out differentiated monetization. So it speaks of the depths of the online market. It speaks of the kind of pricing power, rising our competitive position. But

what's even more encouraging, I think, that kind of stems from the question we just received from Vanya on the Asian markets. In this challenging kind of candid world, we clearly see that the process of kind of rethinking and upgrading the role of HR function and HR funding within organizations. So coupled with the recruitment interactions migrating online, so this creates a new window of opportunities beyond our traditional market boundaries. This is already evidence in our results in value-added service performance, including skillless dynamics in our experiments with dream jobs and you do. So we just want to stress that for us as the market leader in traditional market, it's really important. We are in the best position to kind of catch this opportunity. It's an important strategic task to kind of lead the next way for HR tech development in Russia. That's our ambition and goal for the years to come. Thanks for your attention. Have a great week. Goodbye. Thank you. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

