 Good afternoon and welcome to the Sidetime's Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference
 Call.
 At this time, full participants are in listen-only mode.
 At the conclusion of today's content call,
 Instructions will be given for the question and answer session.
 and one needs assistance at any time during the conference.
 please press the star key followed by zero
 on your touchstone telephone.
 As a reminder, this content call is being recorded today, Wednesday, November 4, 2020.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Lee and Sieverts of Shelton Group Investor
 relations, please go ahead.
 Good afternoon and welcome to Sidetime's Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference
 call.
 on the call from sidetime or Rajesh for assist.
 Chief Executive Officer and Art Chadwick,
 Chief Financial Officer.
 Before we begin, I'd like to point out
 that during the course of this call,
 The company may make forward-looking statements regarding expected future results, including
 financial position, strategy and plans, future operations, the timing market and other areas
 discussion.
 It is not possible for the company's management to predict all risks, nor can the company
 assess the impact of all factors on its business or the extent to which any factor or
 combination of factors may cause actual results to differ
 materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
 in light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions,
 forward-looking events discussed during this call may not occur and actual results could
 differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied.
 Neither the company nor any other person
 assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statement.
 The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any
 reason after the date of this call to conform these statements to actual results or to change
 in the company's expectations.
 For more detailed information on risk associated with our business, we refer you to the risk
 The manufacturer is described in our 10K file on March 2, 2020, as well as the company's
 subsequent filings with the SEC.
 Also, during this call, we will have referred to certain non-gap financial measures, which
 which we consider to be an important measure
 company performance.
 These non-GAAP financial measures are provided in addition to and not as a substitute for
 or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAPs.
 The only difference between GAP and non-GAP results is stock-based compensation expense.
 But please refer to the press release issue today for a detailed reconciliation between
 our gap and non-gap financial results.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Rajesh.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Leanne.
 Good afternoon.
 We appreciate you joining us today and hope that all of you and your families are staying
 being safe and healthy during these unique times.
 Even with a challenging macro backdrop,
 SITEM continue to execute.
 demonstrated by a record quarterly revenue of $32.7 million for 3rd quarter 2020, which
 was above our updated guidance range of 31 to 32 million.
 Our results demonstrate the diversity of our end market segments.
 customer base and the exceptional dedication of the sideline team, all of which have been
 of the site and during the current environment.
 During this third quarter, revenue grew 52% sequentially
 compared to our second quarter 2020 revenues.
 We anticipate that continued strength in the fourth quarter
 will allow for SITEM to set another quarterly revenue record.
 And Art's going to discuss our third quarter financials
 and fourth-quarter outlook later in the call.
 Now, ScytheM's fabulous model and multi-source strategy
 continue to provide a competitive advantage in this market, while at the same time providing
 added assurance of quality and reliability to our customers.
 In contrast, we believe that the course industry infrastructure has several points of failure
 which can cause supply disruptions, some of which we have heard about through recent industry commentary.
 Additionally, within the timing market, responsiveness is becoming the key theme, and we believe
 that many competitors in courts may not be set up
 to support industry needs and requirements for the future.
 And infrastructure applications are speed of response to environmental disruptors such
 such as temperature change, minimizes the system level impact.
 And mobile IoT or kilohertz products help reduce radio power by turning it on and off
 more quickly and precisely something that's unique to sidetime.
 On the supply side, our programmability continues to enable the flexibility, speed and delivery
 required by our customers.
 with the recent introduction of our apex men's family
 of resonator products.
 Triton now offers all three categories of timing products, which are the oscillators,
 the clocks and the resonators.
 As of the third quarter, they've cumulatively shaped almost 2 billion oscillators.
 all of them with an embedded men's resonator,
 our combined knowledge of the MEMS, the analog chips,
 the package and the materials is unique to the industry and offers a system level understanding
 for our resonator customers as well.
 Now, we know that the manufacturing men's products
 in high volume is not easy.
 Men's product leaders in other markets, non-timing markets, maintain their leadership position
 because they invested early, focused on developed innovative solutions at a rapid pace as well.
 And we believe today that SITEM is in a similar position for the timing market as we continue
 to build upon this market leadership.
 Our Apex men's resonators are ideally suited for high volume, space constrained, mobile,
 and IOT applications, such as Bluetooth,
 hearables, high-speed connectivity interfaces,
 asset tracking, and microcontrollers.
 In addition to these applications,
 Other system-on-a-chip renders can use our APEX-MEMS resonators
 that would be co-packaged with the chips.
 just like we do in our oscillators.
 Given a broad knowledge of timing market solutions across all three categories, we believe our system timing, our system level timing solutions save customer design time,
 increase their end products performance and reliability while also reducing their overall
 board footprint creating value.
 Moving to 5G.
 In 5G, the opportunities available to site them
 continue to drive the company's expansion into the communications market.
 Our products continue to see solid design traction
 in 5G applications at tier one manufacturers
 of telecommunication equipment.
 In addition, we had previously mentioned ORAN, which is Open Radio Access Networks, and we
 we continue to see significant interest in ORAN
 hardware solutions that are being developed for green field
 operators, as well as the traditional carriers.
 O-RAN is getting traction because it gives operators best
 in class equipment and performance while driving better
 deployment economics and the need for successful interoperability of equipment from different
 suppliers is a driving factor for site time success.
 We're getting significant traction
 with ORAN customers worldwide across the entire radio
 networks, including RRUs, small cells, and distributed units.
 in the area of 5G optical transport,
 where we are engaged with 100 to 800G optical and SOC suppliers
 suppliers with our FIT 9501 products, we find that we are able to offer unique value with
 high performance in the smallest form factor.
 In conclusion, SITEM is uniquely positioned to disrupt the market as the first kind of
 that continues to provide system level timing solution.
 That said, this is the only the first step of a multi-year strategy to extend our market
 leadership in timing solution.
 We remain a results-driven company
 with a culture that encourages creativity, leadership,
 and a strong commitment to our customers
 which continues to be reflected
 in a recent quarterly trend.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Art,
 as he will discuss in more detail.
 our third quarter results and our outlook for the fourth quarter.
 Art.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Rajesh, and a good afternoon, everyone.
 We are very pleased to be holding our fourth financial results conference call as a public
 company. And during my review today, we'll discuss third quarter 2020 financial results
 And we'll provide guidance for the fourth quarter.
 I'll focus my discussion on non-gap financial results and refer you to today's press release
 for a detailed description of our GAP results, as well as
 reconciliation of gap to non-gap results, which excludes stock-based compensation and related
 payroll tax expense.
 So, first of all, Q3 was really an excellent quarter for us.
 We hit...
 strong revenue growth, significant gross margin expansion, and very positive
 of non-GAAP net income.
 As you know, at the end of August,
 we increased our revenue guidance for the quarter
 by more than 10%, and I'm happy to report
 that actual results exceeded the high end of that revised guidance.
 Revenue for the quarter was $32.7 million, up 52% sequentially, and up 29% over the same
 quarter a year ago.
 to provide some color on the markets,
 a report sales by market group as I have in the past.
 The first is mobile, IoT, and consumer, which
 consist primarily of sales into mobile phones, wearable devices, and consumer products.
 This was the segment most impacted by the global slowdown in Q2.
 but it came back strong in Q3.
 Sales were $20.9 million, or 64% of total sales.
 105 percent sequentially and up 19 percent over the same quarter a year ago.
 The second is industrial automotive and aerospace, which goes into industrial automotive, aerospace
 military applications and includes broad-based sales. Sales were $6.4
 million dollars or 20% of sales up 5% sequentially and up 23% over the same
 quarter a year ago.
 The third is communications and enterprise, which consists of wireless infrastructure,
 including 5G, data center, and networking.
 This was the fastest growing segment
 over the same quarter last year.
 Sales were $5.4 million for 16% of sales,
 up 3% sequentially and up 103% year over year.
 year. We had just one end customer where sales exceeded 10% and sales to that
 customer were 45% of total sales.
 We've had a number of initiatives within the company to expand gross margins and those
 Those initiatives are paying off.
 non-gap roast margins during the quarter were 52.1%.
 about 530 basis points over Q2.
 Non-gap operating expenses were $12.5 million of 5% sequentially, comprised of $7.0 million
 an R&D and $5.5 million in SG&A expense.
 That interest expense was $0.1 million.
 This generated non-gap, net income of $4.4 million or $0.23 per share.
 And that's compared to a loss in the prior quarter of $2.2 million or $0.14 a share.
 up-based compensation expense and related payroll tax,
 with $5.1 million.
 This was higher than the 3.4 million in Q2 due to the higher stock price.
 new higher stock grants and the establishment of an executive performance stock bonus plan.
 Trade receivables were $17.2 million.
 was up from $13.0 million in Q2 due to the higher revenue.
 But DSOs decreased from 58 days in Q2 to just 49 days in Q3.
 Inventory was $15.2 million up slightly from $14.8 million in Q2.
 We generated $4.2 million in cash from operations.
 and used $2.5 million for the purchase of assets.
 We had $35 million in bank debt going into the quarter, but we paid this off entirely
 and finish the quarter with no bank debt.
 We then ended the quarter with $69.2 million in cash and equivalents.
 I'd now like to provide some guidance for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 We expect Q4 to be another great quarter.
 with continued sequential revenue growth,
 gross margin expansion, and increasing net income.
 expect fourth quarter revenue will be up 10% to 15% sequentially.
 At the midpoint, this would put revenue at about $36.8 million or 30% higher than the
 same quarter last year.
 We expect continued gross margin expansion with non-gap gross margins increasing to approximately
 53 percent plus or minus a point.
 expenses are expected to increase between 8% and 10% sequentially, which at the midpoint
 would be approximately $13.7 million.
 dollars.
 We will not incur any interest expense since we no longer have any bank debt.
 income taxes will be nominal in less than 50K for the quarter.
 The basic share count in Q4 will be approximately 17.0 million shares.
 In addition, the diluted impact of employee RSUs will add approximately 2.2 million shares,
 taken the total diluted share count used for our EPS calculation to approximately $19.2
 you chairs.
 Stock base compensation expense will be approximately $5.5 million up from Q3 due to the higher stock
 price and a few new higher grants.
 So, based on the guidance just given, we expect fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS will be between
 $0.28 and $0.32 per share.
 In summary, we have an exceptional workforce that is performing extremely well working
 from home.
 We have truly differentiated products that address large and growing markets.
 We have a number of new products in the pipeline, an enviable list of Tier 1 customers, a strong
 balance sheet and we're looking forward to a very strong Q4. So with that,
 That electric turned the call back to the operator for Q&A.
 Operator At this time I would like to inform everyone
 In order to ask a question, please press the star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 Again, that is as far as I want to ask a question.
 to ask a question.
 We have your first question from Blaine Curtis,
 from Barclays.
 your lines open.
 Good afternoon guys, this is Tom O'Malley on for Blaine Curtis, congrats on the really
 nice results.
 My first question was around the improvement throughout the quarter.
 Obviously, you updated guidance in late August, possibly, and then you're now coming ahead
 of that range now.
 What most material
 really improved between now and then.
 And then if you could look out into December, you're obviously guiding for some more expansion
 there. Could you give us a little color on segments between the three where you're seeing
 that grows sequentially.
 So from Q2 to Q3, as I mentioned, the most significant growth was in our mobile IoT group, right?
 Part of that is seasonality, but we just had real strengths kind of across the board with
 our customers in that segment.
 We also mentioned in our revised, in our press release,
 with our revised gardens in August
 that we had won a design win, a phone design win.
 That also contributed.
 You know, we're not gonna report the phone revenue
 specifically one, because we're not allowed to,
 But I will provide some color to that.
 when we increased our guidance in August,
 About half of that increase was related
 to that new phone design win.
 And the balance was, obviously, then
 strength in non-phone. So that that was kind of what happened in the third
 quarter. In the fourth quarter, we're seeing very strong revenue growth, as I mentioned,
 Our guidance is that revenue will be up 10% to 15%.
 I'll mention the phone again.
 And that's specifically, but phone revenue will probably account for about a third of
 that sequential improvement and therefore non-phone basically accounts for the balance
 of that.
 We're expecting growth in all of our market segments going from Q3 to Q4.
 Great, that's super helpful, and then my follow-up is just really around
 The largest customer for you guys that obviously stepped up materially to September along with that margins clearly stepped up as well
 Can you talk about what's driving that better margin performance clearly you're you're seeing some a creative gross margin dollars as that customer steps up
 But can you talk to your other segments as well?
 Because is there a material part of that uptick that's also coming from the comms that are
 prize in the auto-industrial space as well as those products move a little bit.
 Absolutely, absolutely.
 Absolutely.
 We've talked for a long time about the gross margin drivers in our business.
 Our newer products generally are higher ASP and higher performance as those newer products
 become a larger percentage of our sales.
 That drives higher blended gross margins.
 That's one.
 two, we're taking more of our sales direct, that cuts out the distributor, that improves
 our gross margins. We've made a lot of progress in reducing our product material costs. That
 would be wafer costs.
 And that improves gross margins.
 Our ops group has done a great job at improving sort and test yields and package costs.
 improves gross margins.
 The volume helps us, our manufacturing,
 overhead, even though we're fabulous,
 we have a certain amount of manufacturing overhead
 that's relatively fixed, so as the volume goes up,
 that manufacturing overhead is percent of sales decreases.
 that helps cause margins.
 And so, you know, we've been working on this now for a while,
 And, you know, we saw very significant gross margin
 expansion from Q2 to Q3. As I mentioned, gross margins increased 530 basis points from Q2
 to Q3 and I've guided for at least another point of improvement plus or minus going from
 Q3 to Q4.
 Great.
 I'll see you on the next results guys.
 Thank you.
 We have your next question from Tor Isvenberg from STIFL.
 lines open?
 Yes.
 Yes, thank you and congratulations on the record results.
 Rajesh, you pulled out some challenges in the courts industry, you know, your competitors.
 competitors.
 Could you maybe
 elaborate a little bit more on that and what does that really mean for sort of
 new engagements and new design wins for second.
 Yeah, I think we talked a little bit about it last time.
 Basically, the sports industry, as we know,
 has done a stellar job in the last 70 years
 of providing a product to everybody in the electronics world.
 But I think that it is still a batch process.
 It is a fab process.
 It's a factory process,
 or everybody has to invest in factories.
 and these factories are purpose-made,
 so they can't be used when together,
 they don't have the scale, and they don't have the flexibility that a fabulous company
 like Sightime which uses semiconductors can get.
 I mean, as a reminder, when we build our MEMS resonators,
 we can, a million, sorry, 10,000 wafers should give us about a billion units, and these are
 180 nanometer technology wafers are not really that difficult to get so which fundamentally
 their supply chain is batch made, and I think it has these issues with it.
 There were some reports of some stumbles in fabs in the Asian markets, and I think we
 We saw a spike in demand coming, that didn't impact Q3 by the way, I'm just talking that
 we saw spikes in people because people get nervous when that happens and this
 It's not the first time, 10 years ago, there was a big problem with ceramic packaging.
 As you know, all quartz products, whether oscillators or resonators, are quartz packaged
 because they're fragile and they want to keep
 a very strong packaging.
 those
 reports, packaging, ceramic packages come from only two people in the world, and sometimes
 is a shortage.
 So I think the
 have these multiple points of failure potentially, and that's what I was
 pointing out to.
 Yeah, there have been some anecdotal events in the last few months and in the continuing
 we expect to see that.
 It's just a reminder to our customers.
 It doesn't significantly change our revenue,
 but what it does is, in this medium to longer term,
 It gets our customers a reminder that they are probably better off in moving to more
 stable supply chains.
 Yeah, that's that's great perspective. Thank you for that and that's my follow-up
 up correlations on entering the resonator market.
 And now, obviously, you're covering entire gamut of the timing market.
 I know in the past you've talked about targeting at about a $10 billion tan if you kind of
 combined all three sub-segments.
 Could you update us where your sand is now with your penetration with new products into
 to the resonator market?
 Yeah, our SAM is still around a billion to a billion point two.
 It might be a little bit higher depending
 on when we introduce products and so on,
 but it's certainly less than two billion.
 It's also mostly concentrated right now in oscillators.
 So, while we do have resonators that have been introduced, while we do have analog clocking
 solutions that have been introduced are ramped into that from a revenue point of view we
 we have already said expectations will be relatively slow.
 I think our entry into these markets
 It's significant for customers.
 in the following way in the way that they can then come and have conversations with us on all of these products and
 and not every customer wants to talk to us about every one of them.
 Sometimes they want to talk to us only about resonators, or oscillators, or clocking, and
 And then that becomes an entry point to talking about other products.
 So it's from a TAM point of view, we're still pretty tiny, one and a half billion in TAM
 out of a $8 billion total market, Sam at $1.5 billion, Sam out of it, $8 billion total
 And of course, PsyTimes revenue is still pretty small in comparison, you know, at around 100 million.
 So, we still, even if we maintained and did not grow our SAM very much, we would still
 probably...
 have a long way to go before we fill out those boots.
 Thank you for that registration.
 Congratulations again.
 Great, thank you.
 We have your next question from Queen Bolton from need him your lines open
 Thank you guys.
 Congratulations on the...
 on the nice results wanted to start off with the supply chain issues you talked about with
 the courts, I believe, that was one of the factors that led to the phone win that the
 Thank you for watching.
 I'll see you next time.
 You know, as you look forward, do you think that those court supply chain issues position
 potentially win additional SKUs, either at that customer or other large smartphone vendors.
 I think that it will have some impact when, but I don't think that it's forecastable.
 I think it's a it's a general slow trend and I've talked about this several times. It's a general slow trend
 And it's not at the point where it's gotten that snowball has become very big, but it's
 It's a trend that we see, and we've always said that people
 design us in for performance reasons, as well as the supply chain, but overwhelmingly the
 design
 minus for performance reasons.
 just to pick, I would say less than 15% of the time
 time we get designed in for supply chain reasons.
 And those supply chain reasons are important because when people look at their supply chains
 and see these perturbations that happen from time to time.
 And these, by the way, these perturbations are not new.
 they've been going on for a long time.
 but customers did not have an alternative.
 now that they do have an alternative,
 It just becomes one more faster in their thinking, particularly when they're looking further out
 in time, particularly stakes, for example, in automotive or mill arrow or, you know, longer
 industrial products that have a slow ramp in multiple years, many of them start to think
 it might be prudent to do that.
 But I would still push on our performance benefits as being the primary reason for adoption.
 Great.
 Great. The second question I know with the recent introduction of the APEX MEMS family,
 You're moving into the resonator market.
 Are you targeting select frequencies, you know, where, you know, high volume frequencies
 with the initial resonators, and I guess a related question, you know, since you designed
 and silicon, do you need new mask sets every time the frequency changes in those resonator
 structures.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 We do answer the second question first.
 We do need a new mask set, but sometimes those are very similar.
 The design of the resonator is not very different.
 And, for example, between the 24 megahertz and the 26 megahertz, it's not going to be
 very different. However, between a 24 MHz and a 76.8 MHz, I think it could be different.
 But generally the good news is that the resonator industry has worked around the quartz limitations
 in the past.
 And there are basically a handful, maybe two handfuls.
 So we call it a dozen, quote unquote, popular frequencies
 that exist.
 So, I think that makes our task easier as we go from one frequency to the other.
 you're absolutely right.
 we will not only target the most popular ones,
 but we'll target the ones where the frequency is one thing,
 but where we bring the combination of size, of resilience,
 of resilience, of environmental stability, and clearly of high volume, because these
 They are low-priced products.
 They are sub-20 cent products in price.
 And so obviously the volume has to be, opportunity has to be in the tens of millions for it to
 be interesting for us.
 Those are some of the key reasons to do it.
 Now there's another thing that's going to happen over time as frequencies of SOCs increase.
 The requirement for frequencies beyond, say, 75 megahertz increases, and that's an area
 where we think that quartz technology has difficulty getting to a high volume, high frequency,
 high reliability, small size product.
 And that's where also we would shine,
 and I'm thinking two, three, four years out,
 particularly in consumer products,
 perhaps in foreign applications.
 that just quickly for argument, you mentioned each of the segments would grow in the fourth quarter.
 fourth quarter just wondering if you might be able to rank order if one's growing much,
 much faster than the others, or do you expect all of them to grow about the same rate?
 Sure, fair, fair question.
 I don't think we wanted to get that detailed in our guidance.
 We do expect growth in each one of those segments and I'll leave it at that and we'll end
 how does that segment grow in more detail when we actually
 and now it's fourth quarter.
 Thanks, Quinn.
 We have your next question from Suji De Silva from Ross Capital. Your line's open.
 Hi, Regents.
 Congratulations on the strong results.
 So, perhaps for art, with the increasing mobile content you have now, can you list a framework
 We're thinking about seasonality going forward.
 first half, first second half, first queue versus maybe before, you know, coming into
 this here.
 Sure.
 Well, if you look at the seasonality in our business, and we do have seasonality, go back
 to last year, 2019, right?
 Second half of the year, much stronger than the first half, people can go back and quantify
 that.
 saw pretty much the same thing this year, you know, the back half of this year, much
 stronger than the first half of this year. Q2 of course was somewhat depressed in our
 mobile and IoT segment because of the global slowdown and the fact that so many retail
 stores were closed.
 I think next year it's gonna be somewhat similar
 in terms of first half versus second half.
 Obviously, we expect year over year growth, you know, Q1 next year should be nicely higher
 than Q1 of this year and Q2 over Q2 and 3 and 3 and 4 and 4.
 So we expect, you know, next year we'll have good growth.
 We're not quantifying that at this point.
 But in terms of the seasonality, it's going to look, I think, similar to how it looked
 last year and this year.
 OK, that's very helpful.
 And then perhaps on the infrastructure side,
 5G, wireless infrastructure in particular.
 Are you having design wins?
 kind of showing up every quarter
 that help that be a steady growth driver,
 Or might you, Evan, flow with the 5G build-out puts and takes?
 Yeah, I think it's a slow, steady, drum beat of products,
 You know, our products are also showing up.
 We talked about the 9501 in the optical module business.
 that's clearly showing up, the ORAN that I referred to earlier, I think, tens of design
 wins that showed up in the last few months.
 Yeah, so it's just a steady growth and what I'm excited about is the breadth of where
 So again, as I've said, it's not just the digital unit or the RRU, it's the mid-haul,
 the backhaul, the microwave, you know, it's in the servers, it's in, it's all, it's in
 so much of the infrastructure.
 And as I've mentioned before, this is probably a five, seven-year rollout, and it should
 be a very, very solid place for slide time.
 Okay.
 Helpful colors.
 Thank you for just.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 We have your next question from Alessandro Vecci from William Blair.
 lines open?
 Sure, maybe a quick question for art, just on operating expenses.
 Can you update us on the long-term operating model
 and how we should be thinking about it.
 You guys have really done a tremendous job
 and growing revenue in the last couple quarters
 the very little op-ex flow through.
 So I'm wondering how to think about it.
 Yeah, great, great, great question.
 Well, revenue kind of got ahead of our expenses.
 So that's a good thing.
 Our kind of stated long-term goal
 is that we would grow op-ex
 at about half the rate of top-lying growth.
 So just for sake of mathematical example,
 If we were to grow revenue year-over-year by 20 percent, then I would expect a lot more
 respect op-ex to grow by about 10%.
 That's kind of a generalized, long-term goal.
 If you look at the last couple quarters, you know, Q2,
 Our revenue went up 52% sequentially,
 but only 5, but OPEX only went up 5% sequentially.
 So, you know, we couldn't ramp expenses quite fast enough.
 My guide for Q4, we're guiding revenue up 10% to 15%
 and I'm guiding backs up 8% to 10%.
 So, that's a little more than half the top line rate, but that's because of a little
 bit of a catch-up because we were so low in terms of OPEC's growth in Q2.
 So does that kind of frame it for you?
 Yeah, that helps.
 I have a comment on that, and that comment is that a reminder that PsyTens and analogs
 semiconductor company and when you think of other semiconductor companies that are using
 seven nanometer tape outs.
 We're doing 180, 130, 65 nanometer tapeouts.
 When you think of other...
 The company is doing a bunch of software in OPEX and scaling that.
 you're not in the software business are not meaningfully in that.
 On the other hand, the number of opportunities
 that are coming at us are coming to be taken fast.
 So we always would like to retain the ability
 to invest at a greater rate within reason to the model
 that was put out by ARD.
 Understood.
 That's helpful, and a helpful reminder on the geometries.
 And then just ...
 One more question.
 I believe last quarter when you announced the Cascade product, the clock IC product, that
 you expected revenue to really be a, you know, a 2021 event beginning and then probably ramping
 And beyond that, as we look at the standalone resonator products, should we be thinking
 about the time frame to revenue in a similar fashion or what are the puts and takes to
 there for the customer standpoint.
 Yeah, I would say that's even slower Alex. I would say that
 that, you know, because there's two kinds of design wins
 design wins we would have. We would have stand-alone design wins, so we would go to
 OEMs and sell them resonators, that's one.
 And then the other one would be to go to SOC vendors, the ones we sort of, for example,
 and they would design it into their products.
 Both of them, particularly the second one, take a long time.
 So the gestation period for that for meaningful revenue
 is easily twice as long as the clocking business.
 So, yeah, so of course there can be other times when it can happen very fast, but generally
 that's a good rule of thumb.
 That's helpful.
 That's it for me.
 me.
 Thanks, Ellis.
 We have your next question from Chris Castle from Raymond James your lines open
 Yes, thank you. Good evening. I guess question on margins. And I guess as we go forward into
 next year, there's a lot of different factors with seasonality, some of the different margin
 profiles of the different segments that are going to move in seasonality. Could you give
 us a sense of, you know, what should we expect as we go through the year, particularly in
 the first half of next year as some of the consumer-related products, you know, typically
 would be seemingly weaker.
 Yes.
 Great, great question.
 So, you know, our long-term goal for gross margins that we've talked about is getting
 gross margins, somewhere closer to 60%.
 And that's going to take us two to three years, give or take.
 So...
 You know, if you just kind of do that math,
 You know, we're targeting gross margin expansion
 of maybe three points a year.
 Now, we obviously did much better than that going from Q2 to Q3, but, you know, just for
 in the next couple of years, if we can add three points,
 we get to 60% margin, you know, in two to three years.
 Within a year there are some dynamics that affect gross margins by order and you're right in the first half of the year
 year generally our mobile IoT and consumer business which is somewhat lower gross margins
 not that much lower, but a little bit lower.
 would argue that gross margins would be a little higher in the first half of the year
 just because a mix.
 But the counter to that is we have this leverage on our manufacturing overhead, so the lower
 volumes actually hurt us on that side.
 So, taking all of that into account, just like we have dynamics this year of gross margins
 being nicely higher in the back half of the year versus the first half, I would expect
 the same thing next year.
 So if you're modeling this, I would model gross margins
 to what you think it would be for the year in total.
 margins will be higher in the back half than they will be in the first half.
 The poorer mix is offset by the higher end manufacturing
 efficiencies in the second half of the year.
 Right.
 is a little heavier weighting.
 So, I would actually expect gross margins to pull back just a little bit in the first
 half of next year, but I expect them to be much stronger in the back half of next year,
 stronger, of course, than they are in the back half of this year.
 All right.
 That's very helpful.
 Thank you.
 As a follow-up, perhaps you could talk to us about, you know, kind of what you're targeting
 for next year.
 opportunities in front of you.
 you know, in terms of what do you expect to drive for the growth next year?
 and there's a lot on your plate, there's a lot of opportunity there.
 What are the things we should be paying attention to most closely as we go into next year?
 I think the market trends that we have outlined continue.
 So clearly Coms Enterprise data centers are a big play.
 We are continuing to find more traction and automotive as more and more electric vehicles
 show up because a lot of automated driving is happening in that.
 We have a nice little story and connection growing in the middle aerospace market.
 And then finally, the mobile IoT piece of it, less the consumer, the mobile IoT piece
 of it is always a natural place for site times growth because the size, the resiliency, the
 performance.
 So, I think we're also continuing to expand our customer base, you know, five years ago
 So we were addressing about 2,000 customers.
 we're about 5x that maybe a little bit more and so I think the expansion of
 customer base.
 This is not the big customers.
 This is customers that are of a much, much smaller size,
 where we are working in the channel to connect with them.
 I think that's a good initiative for SITEM as well.
 So I think those are some ways that we think about them.
 Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
 Great. Thanks, Chris.
 I'm showing no further questions at this time.
 I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Arthur Chadwick.
 Sir, please continue.
 Great.
 And thank everybody for joining us today on the call.
 And we hope that you have a great day.
 And thanks again for all your support.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation
 and have a wonderful day.
 you may all disconnect.