 Good afternoon and welcome to the Sci-Times third quarter 2020 financial results conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 At the conclusion of today's content call, instructions will be given for the question
 and answer session
 If anyone needs assistance at any time during the conference,
 please press the star key followed by zero on your touchstone telephone.
 As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, Wednesday, November 4, 2020.
 I would not like to turn the call over to Ms. Lee and Sievers of Shelton Group Investor Relations.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon, and welcome to SciTime's third quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference call.
 On the call from side time are Rajesh Vashist, Chief Executive Officer, and Art Chadwick, Chief Financial Officer.
 Before we begin, I'd like to point out that during the course of this call,
 the company may make forward-looking statements regarding expected future results,
 including financial position, strategy and plans, future operations, the timing market,
 in other areas of discussion.
 It is not possible for the company's management to predict all risks,
 nor can the company assess the impact of all factors on its business
 or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
 In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed during this call may not occur,
 and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied.
 Neither the company nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statement.
 The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason
 after the date of this call to conform these statements
 to actual results or to changes in the company's expectations.
 For more detailed information on risks associated with our business,
 We refer you to the risk factors described in our 10-K filed on March 2, 2020,
 as well as the company's subsequent filings with the SEC.
 Also, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we consider
 to be an important measure of company performance.
 These non-GAAP financial measures are provided in addition to, and not as a substitute for
 or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
 The only difference between GAAP and non-GAAP results is stock-based compensation expense.
 But please refer to the press release issued today for a detailed reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP financial results.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Rajesh.
 Please go ahead.
 thank you Leanne
 Good afternoon.
 We appreciate you joining us today and hope that all of you and your families are staying safe and healthy during these unique times.
 Even with a challenging macro backdrop,
 SITAM continued to execute, demonstrated by a record quarterly revenue of $32.7 million
 for third quarter 2020, which was above our updated guidance range of $31 million to $32 million.
 Our results demonstrate the diversity of our end market segments.
 our customer base, and the exceptional dedication of the Sightime team,
 all of which have benefited Cytan during the current environment.
 During this third quarter, revenue grew 52% sequentially compared to our second quarter,
 2020 revenues.
 we anticipate that
 continued strength in the fourth quarter
 will allow for side time to set
 another quarterly
 revenue record
 and Art's going to discuss
 our third-quarter financials and fourth-quarter outlook later in the call.
 Now, SyFam's fabulous model and multi-source strategy continue to provide a competitive advantage in this market,
 while at the same time providing added assurance of quality and reliability to our customers.
 In contrast, we believe that the coarse industrial infrastructure has several points of failure
 which can cause supply disruptions, some of which we have heard about
 through recent industry commentary.
 Additionally, within the timing market, responsiveness is becoming a key theme,
 and we believe that many competitors in Quartz
 may not be set up to support
 industry needs and requirements for the future.
 In infrastructure applications, our speed of response
 to environmental disruptors, such as temperature change, minimizes the system level impact.
 In mobile IoT, our kilohertz products help reduce radio power by turning it on
 and off more quickly and precisely something that's unique to Saitan.
 on the supply side
 our programmability continues to enable the flexibility, speed,
 and delivery required by our customers.
 With the recent introduction of our Apex MEMS family of resonator products,
 say,
 Time now offers all three categories of timing products,
 which are the oscillators, the clocks, and the resonators.
 as
 of the third quarter, we have cumulatively
 shipped almost 2 billion oscillators, all of them with an embedded MEMS resonator.
 Our combined knowledge of the MEMS, the analog chips, the package,
 and the materials is unique to the industry
 and offers a system-level understanding for our Resonator customers as well.
 Now, we know that the manufacturing MEMS products in high volume is not easy.
 men's product leaders in other markets
 non-timing markets, maintain their leadership position
 because they invested early, focused on developed innovative solutions at a rapid pace as well.
 and we believe today that Saitam is in a similar position for the timing market
 as we continue to build upon this market leadership.
 Our ApexMens resonators are ideally suited for high-volume, space-constrained mobile and IoT applications, such as Bluetooth,
 hearables, high-speed connectivity interfaces, asset tracking, and microcontrollers.
 In addition to these applications, other system-on-a-chip renders can use our APEX MEMS resonators
 that would be co-packaged with their chips, just like we do in our oscillators.
 given a broad knowledge of timing
 market solutions across all three categories
 we believe our system timing
 our system-level timing solutions
 save customer design time, increase their end product's performance and reliability,
 while also reducing their overall board footprint,
 creating value.
 Moving to 5G, in 5G, the opportunities available to Saitan continue to drive the company's expansion into the communications market.
 Our products continue to see solid design traction in 5G applications at Tier 1 manufacturers of telecommunications equipment.
 In addition, we had previously mentioned ORAN, which is Open Radio Access Networks,
 and we continue to see significant interest
 in ORAN hardware solutions
 that are being developed for greenfield operators, as well as the traditional carriers.
 ORAN is getting traction because it gives operators best-in-class equipment
 and performance while driving better deployment economics.
 and the need for successful interoperability of equipment from different suppliers
 is a driving factor for site-time success.
 We're getting significant traction with ORAN customers worldwide
 across the entire radio networks, including RRUs, small cells, and distributed units.
 In the area of 5G optical transport, where we are engaged with 100 to 800G optical and SOC suppliers,
 with our SIT 9501 products,
 we find that we are able to offer unique value with high performance in the smallest form factor.
 in conclusion
 Sightime is uniquely positioned to disrupt the market as the first company that continues to provide system-level timing solution.
 That said, this is only the first step of a multi-year strategy to extend our market leadership in timing solution.
 We remain a results-driven company with a culture that encourages creativity,
 leadership, and a strong commitment to our customers, which continues to be reflected
 in our recent quarterly trends.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Art
 as he will discuss in more detail
 our third quarter results and our outlook
 for the fourth quarter.
 Art?
 Thanks, Rajesh, and good afternoon, everyone.
 We are very pleased to be holding our fourth financial results conference call as a public company.
 and during my review today, I'll discuss third quarter 2020 financial results
 and will provide guidance for the fourth quarter.
 I'll focus my discussion on non-GAAP financial results
 and refer you to today's press release for a detailed description of our GAAP results,
 as well as reconciliation of gap-to-non-gap results,
 which excludes stock-based compensation and related payroll tax expense.
 So, first of all, Q3 was really an excellent quarter for us.
 We had strong revenue growth, significant gross margin expansion, and very positive non-GAAP net income.
 As you know, at the end of August, we increased our revenue guidance for the quarter by more than 10%,
 And I'm happy to report that actual results exceeded the high end of that
 revised guidance.
 Revenue for the quarter was $32.7 million, up 52% sequentially, and up 29% over the same quarter a year ago.
 To provide some color on end markets, I'll report sales by Market Group, as I have in the past.
 The first is mobile, IoT, and consumer, which consists primarily of sales into mobile phones, wearable devices, and consumer products.
 This was the segment most impacted by the global slowdown in Q2, but it came back strong in Q3.
 Sales were $20.9 million, or 64% of total sales.
 up 105% sequentially, and up 19% over the same quarter a year ago.
 The second is industrial, automotive, and aerospace, which goes into industrial, automotive, aerospace, military applications, and includes broad-based sales.
 Sales were $6.4 million, or 20% of sales, up 5% sequentially and up 23% over the same quarter a year ago.
 The third is communications and enterprise, which consists of wireless infrastructure, including 5G, data center, and networking.
 This was the fastest-growing segment over the same quarter last year.
 Sales were $5.4 million for 16% of sales, up 3% sequentially, and up 103% year over year.
 We had just one end customer where sales exceeded 10%, and sales to that customer were 45% of total sales.
 We've had a couple of weeks ago.
 We've had a number of initiatives within the company to expand gross margins,
 and those initiatives are paying off.
 Non-GAAP gross margins during the quarter were 52.1%, up 530 basis points over Q2.
 Non-GAAP operating expenses were $12.5 million, up 5% sequentially, comprised of $7.0 million in R&D and $5.5 million in SG&A expense.
 That interest expense was $0.1 million.
 And this generated non-GAAP net income of $4.4 million, or $0.23 per share.
 And that's compared to a loss in the prior quarter of $2.2 million, or $0.14 a share.
 Stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes were $5.1 million.
 This was higher than the $3.4 million in Q2 due to the higher stock price.
 some new higher stock grants, and the establishment of an executive performance stock bonus plan.
 Trade receivables were $17.2 million.
 That was up from $13.0 million in Q2 due to the higher revenue.
 but DSO's
 decreased from 58 days in Q2 to just 49 days in Q3.
 Inventory was $15.2 million, up slightly from $14.8 million in Q2.
 We generated $4.2 million in cash from operations
 and used $2.5 million for the purchase of assets.
 We had $35 million in bank debt going into the quarter, but we paid this off entirely and finished the quarter with no bank debt.
 We then ended the quarter with $69.2 million in cash and equivalents.
 I'd now like to provide some guidance for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 We expect Q4 to be another great quarter with continued sequential revenue growth, gross margin expansion, and increasing net income.
 We expect fourth quarter revenue will be up 10% to 15% sequentially.
 At the midpoint, this would put revenue at about $36.8 million,
 or 30% higher than the same quarter last year.
 We expect continued gross margin expansion with non-GAAP gross margins increasing to
 approximately 53 percent, plus or minus a point.
 Operating expenses are expected to increase between 8% and 10% sequentially, which at the midpoint would be approximately $13.7 million.
 dollars. We will not incur any interest
 expense since we no longer
 have any bank debt.
 Income taxes will be nominal and less than $50,000 for the quarter.
 The basic share count in Q4 will be approximately 17.0 million shares.
 In addition, the dilutive impact of employee RSUs will add approximately 2.2 million shares,
 taking the total diluted share count used for our EPS calculation to approximately 19.2 million shares.
 Stock-based compensation expense will be approximately $5.5 million, up from Q3,
 due to the higher stock price
 and a few new higher grants.
 So, based on the guidance just given, we expect fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS will be between
 28 cents and 32 cents per share.
 So in summary, we have an exceptional workforce that is performing extremely well working from home.
 We have truly differentiated products that address large and growing markets.
 We have a number of new products in the pipeline, an enviable list of Tier 1 customers, a strong balance sheet, and we're looking forward to a very strong Q4.
 So with that, I'd like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
 Operator?
 at this time
 I would like to inform everyone in order to ask a question, please press star 1 on your
 telephone keypad.
 Again, that is as far as one to ask a question.
 We have your first question from Blaine Curtis from Barclays.
 Your line's open.
 Good afternoon, guys.
 This is Tom O'Malley on for Blaine Curtis.
 Congrats on the really nice results.
 My first question was around the improvement throughout the quarter.
 Obviously, you updated guidance in late August, possibly,
 and then you're now coming ahead of that range now.
 What most materially improved between now and then?
 and then if you could look out into December
 You're obviously guiding for some more expansion there.
 Could you give us a little color on segments between the three where you're
 seeing that growth sequentially?
 So from Q2 to Q3, as I mentioned, the most significant growth was in our mobile IoT group, right?
 Part of that is seasonality, but we just had real strengths kind of across the board with our customers in that segment.
 We also mentioned in our press release with our revised gardens in August that we had won a design win, a phone design win.
 That also contributed.
 you know we're not
 going to report that the phone
 revenue specifically, one, because
 we're not allowed to, but I will provide some color to that.
 When we increased our guidance in August, about half of that increase was related to that new phone design win.
 And the balance was obviously then strength in non-phone.
 So that was kind of what happened in the third quarter.
 In the fourth quarter, we're seeing very strong revenue growth.
 As I mentioned, our guidance is that revenue will be up 10% to 15%.
 I'll mention the phone again.
 And not specifically, but phone revenue will probably account for about a third of that sequential improvement.
 and therefore non-phone
 basically accounts for the balance of that.
 But we're expecting growth in all of our market segments going from Q3 to Q4.
 Great.
 That's super helpful.
 And then my follow-up is just really around the largest customer for you guys.
 That obviously stepped up materially into September.
 along with that, margins clearly stepped up as well.
 Can you talk about what's driving that better margin performance?
 Clearly, you're seeing some accretive gross margin dollars as that customer steps up.
 But can you talk to your other segments as well?
 Is there a material part of that uptick that's also coming from the comms enterprise
 in the auto-industrial space as well as those products move a little bit.
 Oh, absolutely.
 Absolutely.
 You know, we've talked for a long time about the gross margin drivers in our business.
 You know, our newer products generally are higher ASP and higher performance.
 So as those newer products become a larger percentage of our sales, that drives higher blended gross margins.
 That's one.
 Two, we're taking more of our sales direct.
 That cuts out the distributor.
 that improves our gross margins
 we've made a lot of progress
 and reducing our product material costs.
 That would be wafer costs.
 That improves gross margins.
 Our ops group has done a great job at improving sort and test yields and package costs.
 That improves gross margins.
 Volume helps us, our manufacturing overhead.
 Even though we're fabulous, we have a certain amount of manufacturing overhead that's relatively fixed.
 So as the volume goes up, that manufacturing overhead is percent of sales decreases.
 That helps grow its margins.
 and so
 you know
 we've been working on this now for,
 for a while, and, you know, we saw very significant gross margin expansion from Q2 to Q3.
 As I mentioned, gross margins increased 530 basis points from Q2 to Q3.
 and I've guided for at least another point of improvement,
 plus or minus, going from Q3 to Q4.
 Great.
 Congrats again on the nice results, guys.
 Thank you.
 We have your next question from Tor Van Berg from Stifel.
 Your line's open.
 Yes, thank you
 and congratulations on their record results.
 Rajesh you called out
 some some challenges in the
 in the courts
 industry you know your competitors
 Could you maybe elaborate a little bit more on that?
 and what does that really mean
 for sort of new engagements and new design wins for Cypher.
 Yeah, I think we talked a little bit about it last time.
 basically the quartz
 industry, as we know, has done a stellar
 job in the last 70 years
 of providing a product to everybody in the electronics world.
 but I think that it is still a batch process.
 It is a fab process.
 It's a factory process, or everybody has to invest in factories.
 and these factories are purpose-made
 so they can't be used by INC-GALs.
 They don't have the scale, and they don't have the flexibility that a fabulous company like Sightime,
 which uses semiconductors can get.
 As a reminder, when we build our MEMS resonators, 10,000 wafers should give us about a billion units.
 And these are 180 nanometer technology wafers, so not really that difficult to get.
 So it's fundamentally their supply chain is batch made.
 And I think it has these issues with it.
 There were some reports of some stumbles in fabs in the Asian markets,
 And I think we saw a spike in demand coming.
 that didn't impact Q3 by the way
 I'm just talking that we saw spikes in people because people get nervous when that happens.
 and this is not the first time 10 years ago
 there was a big
 um
 a big problem with ceramic packaging.
 as you know all quartz
 with products where the oscillators, the resonators are quartz packaged
 because they're fragile and they want to keep a very strong packaging.
 those quartz
 packaging, ceramic packages
 come from only two people
 in the world
 And sometimes there's a shortage.
 So I think they have these multiple points of failure potentially,
 and that's what I was pointing out
 to. And yeah, there have been some
 There have been some, you know, anecdotal events in the last few months, and in the continuing, we expect to see that.
 It's just a reminder to our customers.
 It doesn't significantly change our revenue, but what it does is in the medium to longer term,
 it gets our customers a reminder
 that they're probably better off
 in moving to more stable supply chains.
 Yeah, that's great perspective.
 Thank you for that.
 And that's my follow-up.
 Congratulations on entering the resonator market, and now, obviously, you're covering the entire gamut of the timing market.
 I know in the past you've talked about targeting
 at about a $10 billion
 time if you can have combined all three
 subsegments, could you
 update us where your S.A.M. is now
 with your penetration with new products into the resume to market?
 yeah our Sam is
 still around a billion to a billion
 point two it might be a little bit higher depending on when when we introduce products and so on but
 It's certainly less than $2 billion.
 it's also mostly
 concentrated right now in
 in oscillators
 So while we do have resonators that have been introduced,
 while we do have analog clocking solutions that have been introduced,
 our ramp into that from a revenue point of view,
 we have already said expectations will be relatively slow.
 I think our
 entry into these markets
 is significant for customers
 in the following way, in the way that they can then come
 and have conversations with us on all of these products.
 and not every customer wants to talk to us about every one of them.
 Sometimes they want to talk to us only about resonators or oscillators or clocking,
 and then that becomes an entry point to talking about other products.
 So, from a TAM point of view, we're still pretty tiny, you know, $1.5 billion in TAM out of an $8 billion total market.
 SAM at $1.5 billion.
 TAM out of it, $8 billion total TAM.
 and of course
 CyTime's revenue is
 still pretty small in comparison
 and, you know, at around $100 million.
 so we still
 And even if we maintained and did not grow our SAM very much,
 we would still probably have a long way to go before we fill out those boots.
 Thank you for that, Rajesh, and congratulations again.
 Great.
 Thanks, Tor.
 we have your next question
 from Queen
 Bolton from Needham. Your lines
 open. Hey, guys. Congratulations
 on the NICE results.
 I just wanted to start off with the supply chain issues you talked about with quartz, I believe.
 That was one of the factors that led to the phone win that you announced last quarter.
 You know, as you look forward, do you think that those court supply chain issues,
 to potentially win additional SKUs either at that customer
 or other large smartphone vendors.
 I think that'll have some impact, Quinn, but I don't think that it's forecastable.
 I think it's a general slow trend, and I've talked about this several times.
 It's a general slow trend.
 And it's not at the point where it's gotten that snowball has become very big, but it's a trend that we see.
 and we've always said that people design us in for performance reasons
 as well as the supply chain, but overwhelmingly they design us
 for performance reasons, just to pick a, you know, I would say less than 15% of the time
 we get designed in for supply chain reasons.
 But those supply chain reasons are important because when people look at their supply chains
 and see these perturbations that happen from time to time.
 I mean, these, by the way, these perturbations are not new.
 they've been going on for a long time
 but customers did not have
 an alternative, now that they do have
 an alternative. It just becomes one more
 faster in their thinking
 um
 particularly when they're looking further out in time,
 particularly, say, for example, an automotive or mill aero or, you know,
 longer-term industrial products that have a slow
 ramp in multiple years, many of them start to think
 it might be prudent to do that
 but I would
 still push on
 are performance benefits
 as being the primary reason for adoption.
 Thank you.
 With the recent introduction of the Apex MEMS family, you're moving into the Resonator market.
 Are you targeting select frequencies, you know, where, you know,
 high-volume frequencies with the initial resonators, and I guess a related question,
 And, you know, since you designed this in silicon, do you need new mask sets every time the frequency changes in those resonator structures?
 Thank you.
 Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
 to answer the second question first
 We do need a new mask set, but sometimes those are very similar.
 they're not
 the design of the resonator
 is not very different.
 And, for example, between a 24-meterhertz and a 26-meterhertz, it's not going to be very different.
 However, between a 24 megahertz and 76.8 megahertz, I think it could be different.
 But generally, the good news is that the resonator industry has worked around the quartz limitations in the past,
 And there are basically a handful, maybe two handfuls, so we'll call it a dozen, quote-unquote, popular frequencies that exist.
 and
 And so I think that makes our task easier as we go from one frequency to the other.
 And you're absolutely right.
 We will not only target the most popular ones, but we'll target the ones where the frequency is one thing,
 but where we bring the combination of size, of resilience, of environmental stability,
 They are sub-$0.20 products in price.
 And so, obviously, the volume has to be, opportunity has to be in the tens of millions for it to be interesting for us.
 Those are some of the key reasons to do it.
 Now, there's another thing that's going to happen over time as frequencies of SOCs increase.
 the requirement for frequencies beyond, say, 75 megahertz increases,
 And that's an area where we think that quartz technology has difficulty getting to a high volume, high frequency, high reliability, small size product.
 And that's where also we would shine.
 and I'm thinking two, three, four years out, particularly in consumer products, perhaps in phone applications.
 detail. And then just quickly for art, you
 You mentioned each of the segments would grow in the fourth quarter.
 rank order
 is growing much, much faster than the others.
 or should you expect all of them to grow about the same rate?
 Thank you.
 Sure.
 Fair, fair question.
 I don't think we wanted to get that detailed in our guidance.
 We do expect growth in each one of those segments, and I'll leave it at that,
 and we'll announce that segment growth in more detail
 when we actually announce the fourth quarter.
 Thanks, Gwen.
 And we have your next question from Suji De Silva from Ross Capital.
 Your line's open.
 Hi, Reggie.
 Hi, Art.
 Congratulations on the strong results.
 So perhaps for Art, with the increasing mobile content you have now,
 Can you use a framework for thinking about seasonality going forward,
 first half, first second half, first Q
 versus maybe before, you know, coming into this year?
 Sure.
 Well,
 If you look at the seasonality in our business, and we do have seasonality, go back to last year, 2019, right?
 Second half of the year, much stronger than the first half.
 People can go back and quantify that.
 We saw pretty much the same thing this year.
 the back half of this year
 much stronger than the first half of this year.
 Q2, of course, was somewhat depressed in our mobile and IoT segment because of the global slowdown
 and the fact that so many retail stores were closed.
 And I think next year it's going to be somewhat similar in terms of first half
 versus second half.
 Obviously, we expect year-over-year growth.
 You know, Q1 next year should be nicely higher than Q1 of this year
 and Q2 over Q2 and 3 and 3 and 4 and 4.
 so we expect
 you know next year we'll have good growth
 We're not quantifying that at this point.
 But in terms of the seasonality, it's going to look, I think, similar to how it looked last year and this year.
 Okay, that's very helpful.
 And then perhaps on the infrastructure side, 5G wireless infrastructure in particular,
 are you having design wins
 kind of showing up every quarter that helped that be a steady growth driver
 or might you ebb and flow with the 5G build-out puts and takes?
 Yeah, I think it's a slow, steady drum beat of products.
 our products are also showing up.
 We talked about the 9501 in the optical module business.
 That's clearly showing up.
 The ORAN that I referred to earlier, I think, we had tens of design wins that showed up in the last few months.
 And, yeah, so it's just a steady growth.
 And what I'm excited about is the breadth of where 5G touch is.
 So, again, as I've said, it's not just the digital unit or the RRU.
 It's the mid-haul, the back-haul, the microwave, you know, it's in the servers.
 it's all
 it's in so much of the infrastructure
 and as I've mentioned before
 this is probably a five, seven year rollout and should be a very, very solid place for
 nighttime.
 Okay, helpful caller.
 Thank you, Rajesh.
 Hey, thank you, G.
 we have your next question
 from Alessandra Vecchi from William Blair.
 Your line's open.
 Sure.
 Maybe a quick question for Art, just on operating expenses.
 Can you update us on the long-term operating model and how we should be thinking about it?
 You guys have really had or done a tremendous job growing revenue the last
 couple quarters with very little
 OPEX flow through.
 So wondering how to think about it.
 Yeah, great question.
 Well, revenue kind of got ahead of our expenses, so that's a good thing.
 You know, our kind of stated long-term goal is that we would grow OPEX at about half the rate of top-line growth.
 So just for sake of mathematical example, if we were to grow revenue year over year by 20%, then I would expect OpEx to grow by about 10%.
 So that's kind of a generalized long-term goal.
 If you look at the last couple of quarters, you know, Q2, our revenue went up 52% sequentially, but OPEX only went up 5% sequentially.
 So, you know, we couldn't ramp expenses quite fast enough.
 My guide for Q4, we're guiding revenue up 10% to 15%, and I'm guiding OPEX up 8% to 10%.
 So that's a little more than half the top line rate,
 But that's because of a little bit of a catch-up because we were so low in terms of OPEX growth in Q2.
 so does that
 Does that kind of frame it for you?
 Yeah, that helps.
 I have a comment on that, and that comment is a reminder that Saitan is an analog semiconductor company.
 And when you think of other semiconductor companies that are using 7-nanometer tape outs, we're doing 180, 130, 65-nanometer tape outs.
 When you think of other companies doing a bunch of software in OPEX and scaling that, we're not in the software business or not meaningfully in that.
 On the other hand, the number of opportunities that are coming at us are coming pretty thick and fast.
 So we always would like to retain the ability to invest at a greater rate,
 you know, within reason to the model that was put out by ARD.
 Understood.
 That's helpful and a helpful reminder on the geometries.
 And then just one more question.
 And I believe last quarter when you announced the Cascade product,
 the ClockIC product, that you expected revenue to really be, you know, a 2021 event beginning
 and then probably ramping beyond that.
 As we look at the standalone Resonator products,
 Should we be thinking about the time frame to revenue in a similar fashion?
 or what are the puts and takes to there from a customer standpoint?
 Yeah, I would say that's even slower, Alex.
 I would say that, you know,
 because there's two kinds of design wins we would have.
 We would have standalone design wins, so we would go to OEMs and sell them resonators.
 that's one
 and then the other one would be to go to SOC vendors,
 the ones we sort of, for example, gave,
 and they would design it into their products.
 Both of them, particularly the second one, take a long time.
 So, the gestation period for that, for meaningful revenue, is easily twice as long as the clocking business.
 So, yeah.
 So, of course, there can be other times when it can happen very fast,
 but generally that's a good rule of thumb.
 Okay.
 That's helpful.
 That's it for me.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Alex.
 we have your next question
 from Chris Castle
 from Raymond James
 Is your lines open?
 Yes, thank you.
 Good evening.
 I guess a question on margins.
 And I guess as we go forward into next year,
 There's a lot of different factors with seasonality,
 some of the different margin profiles of the different segments that are going to move in seasonality.
 could you give us a sense of, you know, what should we expect as we go through the year,
 particularly in the first half of next year, as some of the consumer-related products, you know, typically would be seemingly weaker.
 Yeah, great question.
 So, you know, our long-term goal for gross margins that we've talked about is getting gross margins somewhere closer to 60%.
 And that's going to take us two to three years, give or take.
 So, you know, if you just kind of do that math, you know, we're targeting gross margin expansion of maybe three points a year.
 Now, we obviously did much better than that going from Q2 to Q3, but, you know,
 just for the next couple of years, if we can add three points,
 We get to 60% margin, you know, in two to three years.
 Within a year, there are some dynamics that affect gross margins by quarter, and you're right.
 in the first half of the year,
 Generally, our mobile, IoT, and consumer business, which is somewhat lower gross margins, not that much lower, but a little bit lower, would argue that gross margins would be a little higher in the first half of the year just because of mix.
 But the counter to that is we have this leverage on our manufacturing overhead.
 So the lower volumes actually hurt us on that side.
 So taking all of that into account, just like we have dynamics this year of gross margins
 be nicely higher in the back half of the year
 versus the first half.
 I would expect the same thing next year.
 So if you're modeling this, I would model gross margins for what you think it would be for the year in total.
 margins will be higher in the back half
 than they will be in the first half.
 And that's as the poorer mix is offset by the higher ed manufacturing efficiencies in the second half of the year.
 Right.
 And the volume is a little heavier weighting.
 So I would actually expect gross margins to pull back just a little bit
 in the first half of next year,
 but I expect them to be much stronger in the back half of next year,
 even stronger, of course, than they are in the back half of this year.
 All right. That's very helpful.
 Thank you.
 As a follow-up, perhaps you could talk to us about, you know,
 kind of what you're targeting for next year.
 and there's a lot of opportunities in front of you.
 But, you know, in terms of what do you expect to drive the growth next year?
 and there's a lot on your plate.
 There's a lot of opportunity there.
 What are the things we should be paying attention to most closely as we go into next year?
 I think the market that we, the market trends that we have outlined continue.
 So clearly, comms enterprise data centers are a big play.
 we are continuing to find
 more traction in automotive
 as more and more electric vehicles show up
 because a lot of automated driving is happening in that.
 We have a nice little story and connection growing in the middle aerospace market.
 And then, finally, the mobile IoT piece of it, less the consumer,
 the mobile IoT piece of it is always a natural place for site times growth
 because, you know, the size, the resiliency, the performance.
 So I think we're also continuing to expand our customer base.
 You know, five years ago, we were addressing about 2,000 customers.
 Today, we're about 5x that, maybe a little bit more.
 and so I think the expansion
 of customer base.
 this is not the big customers
 This is customers that are of a much, much smaller size where we are working in the channel to connect with them.
 I think that's a good initiative for Saitam as well.
 So I think those are some ways that we think about it.
 Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
 Great.
 Thanks, Chris.
 I'm showing no further questions at this time.
 I would know
 light to turn
 the contents back to Mr. Arthur Chadwick.
 Sir, please continue.
 Great.
 Well, we want to thank everybody for joining us today on the call.
 and
 we hope that you have a great day
 And thanks again for all your support.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.
 you may all disconnect.
 Thank you.