 You
 Please stand by.
 We're about to begin.
 Good day and welcome to the Paula's third quarter 2021 financial results conference call.
 Today's call is being recorded.
 At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Victor Drozdov.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks a lot.
 Hi, everyone.
 Welcome to our conference call for the third quarter financial results.
 today we have our
 CFO here
 with us.
 So,
 Michael,
 will provide
 valuable comments
 on the financial results
 for the third quarter
 as well as we'll be answering your questions.
 uh... questions
 uh... with that in mind uh... i'll pass the floor uh... to me hill
 Yes, hello, and thank you for joining our call.
 so I'll take you briefly
 through the heat
 where they key
 highlights of the quota
 so the revenue in the third quarter was 1.4 billion
 which is a 12% increase
 on the
 preceding
 quarter that's a reflection of
 the underlying
 operational performance
 across all of the deposits and total gold output
 has increased of the spirit by approximately 15%
 to 770.000
 ounces. Now looking at our sales
 in the third quarter, we sold approximately
 there are 760,000 ounces of refined gold,
 which implies a 14% increase
 on the previous quarter.
 and we also sold
 approximately 11,000 ounces of gold contained in flotation concentrate during the period.
 Now, our quarterly EBITDA increased to approximately 1 billion U.S., which is up 10% quarter-on-quarter.
 In terms of our quarterly cost performance, as expected, we saw a step up in our TCC figure, as we highlighted during the previous calls.
 TCC rose by 9% quarter and quarter to $4.27 per ounce.
 In terms of key factors, which I would like to underscore,
 first is going to be
 are a seasonal increase in output at the
 and Louisville operations.
 Secondly, inflation, cost consumables and spare parts.
 Next would be lower by-product credit, which amounted to $5 per ounce in the third quarter
 versus $10 in the second quarter.
 and also finally
 association of the
 regional drafting project regime
 at Varian Square from August
 2021, and that increased
 applicable IMIT rate from
 2.4% to 6%.
 Now, in terms of positive developments, I would like to separately highlight the remarkable cost performance at Natalka on a standalone basis.
 TCC was approximately $340 per ounce, and that's the lowest number across the operations
 during the period and also on the throughput
 at the mail which
 the
 a record high of 1555 tons per hour
 in the reporting period,
 which is mainly driven by alteration enhancements
 and reduced
 circulation load at the
 combination circle
 Now, moving on to the cost performance of the first nine months.
 This is used to that are 403, those rounds,
 That's a 10% increase over the respective period of 2020.
 So in terms of sort of major factors leading to a cost increase year-on-year, that would
 be a temporary decline in head
 grades at Olympiada.
 inflation of
 consumables
 substantially lower
 maintenance spending in 2020 given the COVID-19 restrictions
 and also changes in the
 meal extraction tax
 At Natalka and the area of class.
 Now, we previously
 regarded the range of 425 to 450 as a TCC for the fiscal year, and that remains unchanged
 at this time.
 Just to remind you, that's based on 65 as an exchange rate and gold price of 1,300.
 Now, moving on to CapEx
 We accelerated CapEx spending in the quarter
 as again we
 highlighted to you at our calls
 so we spent approximately
 230 million US
 compared to approximately 180 million
 in the preceding quarter
 just to
 sort of
 point out a few important developments
 We acquired 9 to 120-ton Caterpillar trucks for Olimpiada during the period,
 and we also completed the construction of the pit stop for trucks maintenance on site.
 And we also implemented a range of initiatives targeting our achievement of 15 million annualized
 capacity at Olimpiada
 from next year onwards and also
 are in this
 just aimed at
 improving efficiency of the bike station complex.
 In terms of our CAPEX guidance for the entire year,
 that remains unchanged
 at between
 1 and 1.1 billion.
 year-to-date will span approximately
 for approximately
 540 mil
 and we are
 counting on a strong catch-up in the fourth
 quarter and the comfortable it will take place.
 We are also advancing our growth projects in accordance with the schedule in terms of our developments at Mill No. 5, our largest brownfield project.
 We signed an agreement with a major contractor after construction.
 it's a Turkish company that has
 proven track
 record of successfully operating at the major projects in Russia, and in terms of on-site
 activities.
 We completed the site preparation for the conveyor system, and we are progressing with the construction of the crushed ore stockyard.
 We're also on three,
 both on track
 with the
 with the expansion
 initiatives at other
 operations, namely at Olympia Auto, we will reach a stable throughput capacity of 15 million tons
 in 2022, and at Cronach, we are on track to reach 7.5 million tonne in capacity from 2024 onwards.
 Now, in terms of balance sheets,
 are figures
 The cash on balance was up to almost $1.7 billion.
 Our net debt came down to $1.95 billion, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 0.5 times.
 And that was a free cash flow.
 free cash flow was approximately
 the 470 mil of labor-free cash flow during the period,
 which is basically flat over the second quarter number.
 plan.
 So as we mentioned at our previous call, we completed a whole number of proactive debt
 management,
 ah,
 and this
 have offered
 the close
 of the reporting period, so we
 issued Eurobonds
 in the overall amount of 700 mil, and that's 20-28 maturity, and the coupon rate is 3.25.
 Secondly, we also launched the tender for approximately $600 million worth of outstanding
 costs.
 And we also repaid some of the bilateral lines.
 Now, in terms of COVID-19-related developments, we allocated approximately $14 million to COVID prevention measures in the quarter.
 and overall the annual
 tally will be approximately 100 million.
 So in terms of the impact of the COVID-related interruptions, there is indeed a shortage of shipping containers in China.
 We are facing extended transit times given the congestion of seaports at the Russian Far East.
 That's increasing the lead times for the consumables and spare parts.
 However, we are not seeing anything critical and anything that will substantially affect our cost line.
 now in terms of
 sort of a quick update
 on the ESG front.
 So our scores are continued to improve across all key ratings.
 So in November, we received the score of 57, and S&P Global CSA, Sustainal Analytics ESG, risk rating of 25.0.
 and also MSCI confirmed our MSCI ESG rating at A.
 So that's all as for the management comments, and we are ready to take your questions.
 Thank you.
 If you would like to ask a question, you may signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow
 your signal to reach our equipment.
 Once again, star one for questions.
 We'll take our first question from Dan Shaw with Morgan Stanley.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 It's just a couple for me.
 The first one, just on the guidance, just a quick clarification.
 in the press release there
 You know, the ruble assumption underpinning your guidance numbers is 65.
 So is it fair for us to assume that capex and costs will come at the lower ends of those ranges?
 that's the first question
 And then just one second one on ESG, as you just mentioned it.
 but when can we expect to the next sort of major update
 in terms of setting out your medium and longer-term targets,
 you have a date in mind for that.
 Thank you.
 Hello, Dan.
 so in terms of
 Forex assumption
 which underpins our guidance
 THAT'S INDIVIDUAL.
 65 so in terms of factual figures given the spot or near spot ruble rate which
 As you are quite aware, it's fairly volatile.
 file, you can reasonably expect that our TCC, factual TCC, will be below 425, and our CAPEX
 of the system.
 will be at the lower end of the guidance.
 Again, assuming the sort of factual exchange rate.
 Now, at 65, our TCC will be closer to the lower end,
 And our capex figure will be right in the midst of the provided guidance of 1 to 1.1 billion.
 Now, in terms of sort of nature,
 ESG announcements.
 I think we will provide
 an update to the market around
 second quarter of next year.
 Great. Thanks very much.
 As a reminder, star one, if you would like to ask a question.
 We'll take our next question from Boris Sinipson with RENCAP.
 Hi, gentlemen. Thanks. Just one question from my side, please.
 you mentioned
 some disruptions
 on the supply chain, not affecting your costs so far.
 the question is
 do you expect those
 to be continued in
 2022 and
 do you think it might affect
 CapEx basically
 not costs. Thank you.
 Hello, Boris.
 Well, first of all, we need to separate the sort of the interruptions in terms of transit time and the shipments and pricing effects.
 So, and I said that, you know, the interruptions related to shipment and transit times are not materially affecting our coastline.
 They are obviously bearing a certain effect, but again, it's fairly small.
 We are seeing an increase in the delivery timelines, but we are seeing some delays for
 spare parts, but again
 there is nothing critical that we're seeing
 at this point
 and obviously
 that there is nothing which can, to any extent,
 affect the continuity of the operations.
 That said, the cost inflation per se is a major challenge for the sector, and that pertains to consumables, that pertains to labor domestically,
 and that pertains to equipment and spare parts.
 Now, that is being upset by the fact that we have long-term contracts for all of the consumables,
 And they have fixed...
 They have a mix of fixed and variable pricing,
 which is providing an important buffer against the recent market developments.
 That said, still a certain part of the ongoing cost escalation will have to be absorbed by us as the consumer.
 So I would say that in terms of 2022 projections, CAPEX spending is not a factor to the same extent as our OPEX,
 because for our capital spending, we have contracted most of the equipment
 and also most of the outside construction services.
 So we are fairly safe there.
 And the brand of cost inflation will be felt through the P&L.
 But again, that is offset by the optimization initiatives
 and will be mitigated at least partially.
 Thank you.
 Very clear.
 Thank you so much.
 We'll take our next question from Yuri Vlasov with Sova Capital.
 Many thanks
 Two very quick questions from me.
 first um could you give us um any breakdown of your um milfiber uh blaga that now um how is it
 stretch across the years and
 remind us
 what's
 timing on
 And that's a whole lot of visibility side of it.
 Can we expect the next milestone there?
 Thank you.
 Yuri, can you repeat your first question on Blagadatta?
 I mean, yeah, well, can you give us a CapEx breakdown on Blagadatne across the years?
 So how it's spread across the next three, four years, roughly, in very rough estimates.
 And when you talk about Bhagad Gita, you obviously, you are talking about MIL-5, obviously.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, Milford.
 I thought about Mill 4.
 Uh-huh.
 Well, the bulk of the spending will be taking place in 2023 and 2024.
 spending rates
 and 20
 in
 2022 will be broadly comparable
 to 2021.
 Now,
 Secondly, in terms of SUCCR log visibility, I think the major development will be obviously
 the approval of the feasibility study.
 that is
 slated to take place
 towards the end of
 the
 towards the end of the next year
 and we are confirming that we are on track.
 Now, if there are any important developments that sort of take place until that date,
 that warrant market attention.
 we will immediately inform you
 but
 what we can
 what we can relate to you
 at this point is that we are
 on track in terms of all
 of the milestones that we
 sat
 previously that
 pertains to engineering and that
 pertains to geological
 studies, and that pertains to the study of the requisite infrastructure.
 Thank you.
 Well, thank you.
 Sorry, quick follow-up.
 Have you completed your training on Sohoi Log or is it still in the process?
 Gary, can you repeat that again?
 I'm sorry.
 what's the question
 have you completed the drilling
 um
 this is a question
 Yeah.
 Or is it still a work in process?
 Well, the majority of the drilling that is required for the
 The feasibility study has been complete with the perfect
 reconciliation against the
 resource model
 we have some outstanding
 drilling which is being done at the
 length
 uh
 but that's not required
 for the feasibility study
 that is basically for the
 for the
 FOR
 sort of for the operations
 well beyond 20
 35
 oh
 Thank you.
 Many thanks.
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Nina Durganova with Goldman Sachs.
 Good day.
 Thank you very much for answering the questions.
 most of my questions have been replied already probably a few from my side uh first one on
 consolidated capex guidance for next year um at the cmd you mentioned that capex could increase about
 10% and you
 also said now that
 for blog
 on 05
 spending
 is stable.
 Can you name which major projects can trigger this 10% increase in capex next year?
 Thank you.
 All right.
 So the major increase will be at Sukolok, and that also will be at Kuranak as we are
 commissioning the construction
 of the 7.5 project.
 And then there are a small sort of items, but nothing particular material.
 Thank you.
 Mm-hmm.
 And what about streaking?
 what shripping do you expect and I acknowledge that this guidance that you provide doesn't
 includes three things.
 guidance does not incorporate sweeping expense.
 Now, in terms of sort of projections,
 the fourth quarter
 I think
 will be very much comparable to the average
 Our quarterly number during the first nine months
 And 2022 figure will be comparable to 2021 figure.
 Thank you.
 Mm-hmm.
 on nurses.
 and the second question
 from my side
 this year is a challenging year for
 of Красноярск business units
 with lower grades, recoveries.
 Can I give a scale of improvement in grades and recoveries next year?
 Yeah, well, I think we'll be able sort of to provide a more precise guidance
 when we announced our figures for the 2021 fiscal year.
 now
 what we got
 previously is that there will be
 are a substantial rebound
 in grades
 in 2022, and there will be further increase
 in head grade in 2023, and that remains the case.
 So, Krasnoyarsk will see a stronger performance next year.
 That is clear. Thank you very much. That's it for my side.
 Thank you.
 Once again, star one, if you would like to ask a question.
 Question?
 At this time, there are no additional questions in the queue.
 Yeah, thanks a lot, guys, for attending our conference call.
 once again if you have any further
 follow-up questions, just drop
 across the line.
 So we're going to be waiting for those questions.
 Thanks a lot.
 Cheers.
 Bye.
 That will conclude today's call.
 We appreciate your participation.
 Thank you very much.