 Please stand by. We're about to begin.
 Good day, and welcome to the Paula's Third Quarter, 2021 Financial Results Conference
 call.
 Today's call is being rec-
 .
 At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Victor Drostoff.
 Let's go ahead.
 Thanks a lot.
 Hi everyone. Welcome to our conference call for the third quarter financial results. Today
 We have our CFO here with us.
 uh... to me hail will uh... provide uh...
 valuable comment on the
 uh... the financial results for the third quarter
 as well as we'll be answering your questions.
 With that in mind, I'll pass the floor to Mihail.
 I'm going to go ahead.
 Yes, hello.
 And thank you for joining our call.
 So I'll take you briefly to the key highlights of the quarter to the revenue in the third
 quarter was 1.4 billion, which is a 12% increase on the preceding quarter. That's a reflection
 of the underlying traditional performance
 because all of the deposits and the total gold output
 has increased of the spirit by approximately 15%
 to 770,000 ounces.
 now looking at our sales in the third quarter
 We sold approximately 760,000 ounces of refined gold,
 which implies a 14% increase on the previous quarter.
 And we also sold approximately 11,000 ounces of gold contained in flotation concentrate
 during the period.
 That's it.
 Thank you so much for watching.
 to approximately one billion US, which is up 10% quarter on quarter.
 In terms of our quarterly cost performance, as expected, we saw a step-up in our TCCR
 figure as we highlighted during the previous course.
 TCC are grossed by 9% quarter-in-quarter to $4.27 per ounce.
 terms of key factors which I would like to underscore. First, it's going to be
 the seasonal increase, and now let's put out the,
 and all of the operations.
 Secondly, inflation costs consumables and spare parts.
 Next would be lower by-product credit, which amounted to $5.00 per ounce in the third quarter
 versus standalone stones in the second quarter.
 And also, finally, a cessation of the regional gas and project
 regime at Varian Square from August 2021.
 And that increased applicable amiturated from 2.4% to 6%.
 Now in terms of our positive developments, I would like to separately highlight the
 The remote cable cost performance at Natalka on a stand-alone basis.
 GCC was approximately $340 per ounce, and that's the lowest number because the operations
 are during the period. And also our throughput at the male reached a record high of 15.55
 atoms power in the reporting period, which is mainly driven by alteration enhancements
 and reduced circulation load at the combination circle.
 Now moving on to the cost performance of the first nine months, this is used to that 403
 that's a 10% increase over the respective period of 2020.
 So in terms of sort of major factors leading to cost increase year-on-year, that would
 be...
 a temporary decline in head grades at Olympiada,
 inflation of consumables, substantially lower maintenance
 spending in 2020, given the COVID-19 restrictions and also changes in the meal extraction tax
 at Natalka and the only screw
 Now, we previously guarded the range of 425 to 450 as a TCC for the fiscal year.
 and that remains unchanged at this time.
 Just remind you that's based on 65 as an exchange rate
 and gold price of 1,300.
 now
 Moving on to Calphex, we accelerated Calphex spending
 in the quarter as, again, we highlighted to you
 at our calls, so we spend approximately $2.30 million
 US compared to approximately $180 million in the preceding quarter, just to sort of the
 point out a few important developments required nine, two hundred three, two hundred twenty
 done.
 caterpillar trucks for Olympiada during the period and we also completed the construction
 of the pit stop for trucks are maintenance on site.
 And we also implemented a range of initiatives targeting our achievement of 50 million done
 and annualized capacity at Olympia from next year onwards.
 and also initiatives aimed at improving efficiency
 off the black station.
 In terms of our CAPEX guidance for the entire year, it remains unchanged between 1 and 1.1
 b...
 here today to expand approximately 5.4 ml and we are counting on a strong catch-up in
 the fourth quarter and they're comfortable, it will take place. We are also advancing
 on
 growth projects in accordance with the schedule in terms of our developments at mill number
 Our largest bondfield project was signed in agreement with the major contractor after construction.
 It's a Turkish company that has a proven track record of successfully operating at the major
 projects in Russia, and in terms of onsite activities, we completed the site preparation
 for the conveyor system and they are progressing with the construction of the crushed ore stock
 Thank you very much.
 We also on track with the
 with the expansion initiatives at other operations,
 Namely, at Olympiada, we will reach our stable throughput capacity of 15 million tons in 2022
 And at Kroonak, we are on track to reach 7.5 million ton capacity from 2024 onwards.
 Now in terms of balance sheet, our figures, the cash on balance was up to almost 1.7 billion.
 Our net debt came down to $1.95 billion, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 0.5 times.
 And that was a free cash flow, a free cash flow with approximately 470 mil of lab at
 we cashed out during the period, which is basically
 flat over the second quarter number.
 Now, as we mentioned at our previous call,
 we completed
 a whole number of proactive dot management initiatives
 for the close of the reporting period.
 So we issued your bonds in the overall amount of 700 mil.
 And that's 2028 maturity, and the coupon rate is 3.25.
 Secondly, we also launched the term, therefore,
 approximately $600 million worth of outstanding euro bonds.
 I will also repeat some of the bilateral lines.
 Now, in terms of COVID-19-related developments,
 we allocate approximately 14 million to COVID prevention measures
 in the quarter, and overall the annual tally will be approximately 100 millen.
 So in terms of the impact of the COVID-related interruptions, there was indeed a shortage
 of shipping containers in China, we are facing extended transit times given the congestion
 of steppards at the Russian far east.
 that's increasing the lead times for the consumables
 and spare parts.
 However, we are not seeing anything critical,
 and anything that will substantially affect our cost line.
 Now, in terms of sort of a quick update on the ESG fund, so our scores continued to improve
 which would cost all key ratings.
 So in November, we received a score of 57.
 and FNP Global CSA and Sustainalytics ESG risk rating of 25.0.
 And also, MSCI confirmed our MSCI ESG rating at A. That's all as for the management comments,
 And we are ready to take your questions.
 Thank you.
 If you would like to ask a question, you may signal by pressing star one on your telephone
 keypad. If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off
 to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Once again, star one for questions.
 We'll take our first question from Dan Shaw with Morgan Stanley.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple for me. The first one to start on the guidance,
 Just a quick clarification in the press release there, you know, the ruble assumption underpinning
 your your guidance numbers is 65 so is it fair for us to assume that Capex and
 costs will come at the lower end of those ranges. That's the first question and then
 And just one second one on ESG, as you just mentioned it.
 But when can we expect to the next major update
 in terms of setting out your medium and longer term targets,
 if you have a date in mind for that.
 Thank you.
 Okay, hello there, so in terms of forex assumption which underpins our guidance, that's indeed
 65.
 So in terms of factual figures, given the spot or near spot,
 ruble rate which
 if you are quite aware it's fairly volatile
 uh...
 You can reasonably expect that our TCC, factual TCC, will be below 425.
 and our uh... catholic figure
 will be at the lower end
 of the guidance
 Again, assuming the sort of factual exchange rate.
 Now, at 65, our TGC will be closer to the lower end.
 and our CAPEX figure will be right in the midst of the provided guidance of 1.1 billion.
 Now, in terms of sort of major ESG announcements,
 i think we will provide
 an update to the market around second quarter of next year.
 Okay, thanks very much.
 As a reminder, star one if you would like to ask a question.
 We'll take our next question from Boris Synipsen with Ren Cap.
 Thank you.
 Just one question from my side, please.
 You mentioned some disruptions on the supply chain,
 not affecting your costs so far.
 The question is, do you expect those to be continued in 2022 and do you think it might
 effect, a capex basically not costs. Thank you.
 Hello, Boris. Well, first of all, we need to separate the sort of the interruptions in
 in terms of transit time and the shipments and pricing effects.
 So, and I said that, you know, the interactions related to shipment and transit times are
 not materially affecting our cross line, they are obviously bearing a certain effect, but
 Again, it's fairly small.
 as seeing an increase in the delivery of timelines.
 but we're seeing some delays for spare parts,
 but again, there is nothing critical
 that we're seeing at this point.
 And, obviously, there is nothing which can, to any extent,
 fact that continuity of the of the iterations. That said, the cost inflation per se is a
 It's a major, it's a major challenge for the sector and that pertains to consumables,
 that pertains to labor domestically, and that pertains to equipment and spare parts.
 Now, that is being said by the fact that we have long-term contracts for all of the consumables
 and they have a fixed, they have a mix of fixed and available pricing, which is providing
 an important buffer against the recent market developments.
 That's still a certain part of the ongoing cost escalation that will have to be absorbed
 by us as the consumer.
 So I would say that in terms of 20-22 projections,
 CapEx is, CapEx spending is not affected the same extent
 as our apex because for our Keapla spending, we have contracted most of the equipment and
 also most of the outside construction services. So we are fairly safe there. And the branch
 of course inflation will be felt through the P&L, but again, that is offset by the optimization
 initiatives and will be mitigated at least partially.
 Thank you very clear. Thank you so much
 much.
 We'll take our next question from Yuri Vlasov with Sova Capital.
 Thanks.
 Two very quick questions from me.
 First, could you give us any breakdown of your meal
 fiber blaga that now how is it stretch across the years and remind us what's the timing
 on the Sehoi look busy with this type of work.
 Can we expect the next milestone there?
 Thank you.
 Yuri, can you repeat your first question on Blaga.com?
 Can you give us CapEx breakdown on blogger.net across the years, so how it's spread across
 the next three or four years, roughly, in very rough estimates.
 And talk about the government.
 Obviously, you are talking about mill five, obviously.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, Mil-5.
 the bottom of four.
 Well, the bulk of the spending will be taking place in 2023 and 2024.
 rates in 2022 will be broadly comparable to 2021.
 Secondly, in terms of secure log visibility, I think the major development will be obviously
 the approval of the feasibility study.
 That is slated to take place towards the end of the next year, and we are confirming that
 that we are on track.
 Now, if there are any important developments,
 that sort of takes place until that date that the warrant market attention, we will immediately
 inform you, but what we can relate to you at this point is that we are on track in
 in terms of all of the milestones that we have set previously.
 That pertains to engineering, and that pertains to geological studies, and that pertains
 to the study of the requisite infrastructure.
 Thank you.
 So, quick follow up.
 Have you done?
 you completed your training on the SOHOI logo, is it still in the process?
 Can you repeat that again?
 Sorry.
 What's the question on that?
 Have you completed the drilling on?
 This is a question, yeah, is it still work in process?
 Well, the majority...
 of the drilling that is required to the build a study has been complete with the perfect
 reconciliation against the resource model.
 We have some outstanding drilling which is being done at the flanks.
 but that's not required for the feasibility study.
 That is basically for the, for the, for the, for sort of for the operations well beyond 20 or 35.
 Oh, thank you.
 Thanks.
 Thank you. We'll take our next question from Nina Durganova with Goldman Sachs.
 Good day.
 Thank you very much for answering the questions.
 Most of my questions have been replied already.
 probably a few from my site.
 first one on our consolidated CAPEX guidance for next year.
 At the CMD, you mentioned that CapEx could increase about 10 percent, and you also said
 now that a poor blogger mill 5 spending a stable getting name which major projects can trigger
 Take care of that.
 Okay.
 and increase in capex next year.
 Thank you.
 All right, so the major the major increase will be at Zucca log and
 And that also will be at Kuranak as we are commissioning the construction of the 7.5 project.
 And then the small items, but nothing particularly material.
 Thank you.
 And what about tweaking?
 what switching do you expect, and I acknowledge that these guidance that you provide us includes
 It's freaking.
 This does not incorporate stripping expanse.
 Now, in terms of sort of projections, the fourth quarter figure will be very much comparable
 to the average are quarterly numbered during the first nine months, and 20-22 figure will
 be comparable to 2021 figure. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Mm-hmm, understood.
 And the second question from my side, this year is a challenging year for Krasnoyarysk
 business units with lower grades, recoveries, you can give a scale of improvement in grades
 and recoveries next year.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, well, I think we'll we'll be able sort of to to provide a more precise guidance when we announce our
 our figures for the 2021 fiscal year.
 Now, what we got it previously is that there will be a substantial rebound in grades in
 in 2022 and there will be a third increase in head grades in 2023 and that remains the
 case.
 So, across the article, we'll see a stronger performance next year.
 Very clear. Thank you very much. That's it for my show.
 Thank you. Once again, Star 1, if you would like to ask a question.
 At this time, there are no additional questions in the queue.
 Yeah, thanks a lot guys for attending our conference call once again if you have any further follow-up questions
 So just drop us a line.
 So we're going to be waiting for those questions.
 Thanks a lot.
 Cheers.
 That will conclude today's call.
 We appreciate your participation.