 Please stand by. We're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Paulus third quarter 2021 financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Viktor Drozdov. Please go ahead. Thanks a lot. Hi, everyone. Welcome to our conference call for the third quarter financial results. Today, we have our CFO here with us. So, Mikhail will provide valuable comments on the financial results for the third quarter, as well as we'll be answering your questions. With that in mind, I'll pass the floor to Mikhail. Let's go ahead. Yes. Hello, and thank you for joining our call. So, I'll take you briefly through the key highlights of the quarter. So, the revenue in the third quarter was 1.4 billion, which is a 12% increase on the preceding quarter. That's a reflection of the underlying operational performance across all of the deposits. And the total gold output has increased of this period by approximately 15% to 770,000 ounces. Now, looking at our sales in the third quarter, we sold approximately 760,000 ounces of refined gold, which implies a 14% increase on the previous quarter. And we also sold approximately 11,000 ounces of gold. Now, our quarterly EBITDA increased to approximately 1 billion U.S., which is up 10% quarter and quarter. In terms of our quarterly cost performance, as expected, we saw a step up in our TCC figure, as we highlighted during the previous calls. TCC rose by 9% quarter and quarter to $4.27 per ounce. In terms of key factors, which I would like to underscore, first, there's going to be a seasonal increase in output at the alluvial operations. Secondly, inflation, cost consumables and spare parts. Next would be lower byproduct credit, which amounted to $5 per ounce in the third quarter versus $10 per ounce in the second quarter. And also, finally, a cessation of the regional investment project regime at Varian Square from August 2021. And that increased applicable amity rate from 2.4% to 6%. Now, in terms of positive developments, I would like to separately highlight the remarkable cost performance at Natalca on a standalone basis. TCC was approximately $340 per ounce, and that's the lowest number it cost operations during the period. And also, our throughput at the mill reached a record high of 1555 tons per hour in the reporting period, which is mainly driven by operational enhancements and reduced circulation load at the combination circle. Now, moving on to the cost performance of the first nine months. TCC stood at $403 per ounce. That's a 10% increase over the respective period of 2020. So, in terms of sort of major factors leading to a cost increase year-on-year, that would be a temporary decline in head grades at Olympiada, inflation of consumables, substantially lower maintenance spending in 2020 given the COVID-19 restrictions, and also changes in the meal extraction tax at Natalca and Varian Square. Now, we previously guided the range of $425 to $450 as TCC for the fiscal year, and that remains unchanged at this time. Just to remind you, that's based on 65 as an exchange rate and gold price of $1,300. Now, moving on to CapEx, we accelerated CapEx spending in the quarter, as again, we highlighted to you at our calls. So, we spent approximately $230 million US compared to approximately $180 million in the preceding quarter. Just to sort of point out a few important developments, we acquired nine to 120-ton Caterpillar trucks for Olympiada during the period, and we also completed the construction of the pit stop for trucks maintenance on site. And we also implemented a range of initiatives targeting achievement of $15 million in annualized capacity at Olympiada from next year onwards, and also initiatives aimed at improving efficiency of the bike station complex. In terms of our CapEx guidance for the entire year, it remains unchanged at between $1 and $1.1 billion. Year-to-date, we spent approximately $540 million, and we are counting on a strong catch-up in the fourth quarter, and we are comfortable it will take place. We are also advancing our growth projects in accordance with the schedule. In terms of our developments at mill number five, our largest barn field project, we signed an agreement with a major contractor, ASTA Construction. It's a Turkish company that has proven track record of successfully operating at the major projects in Russia. And in terms of on-site activities, we completed the site preparation for the conveyor system, and we are progressing with the construction of the crushed ore stockyard. We are also on track with the expansion initiatives at other operations, namely at Olympiada. We will reach our stable throughput capacity of 15 million tons in 2022, and at Cronach, we are on track to reach 7.5 million tons in capacity from 2024 onwards. Now, in terms of balance sheet figures, the cash on balance was up to almost $1.7 billion. Our net debt came down to $1.95 billion, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at $1.5 billion, which is basically flat over the second quarter number. Now, as we mentioned at our previous call, we completed a whole number of proactive debt management initiatives after the close of the reporting period. So we issued euro bonds in the overall amount of 700 mil, and that's 2028 maturity, and the coupon rate is 3.25. Secondly, we also launched the tender for approximately $600 million worth of outstanding euro bonds, and we also repaid some of the bilateral lines. Now, in terms of COVID-19-related developments, we allocated approximately $14 million to COVID prevention measures in the quarter, and overall, the annual tally will be approximately $100 million. So in terms of the impact of the COVID-related interruptions, there is indeed a shortage of shipping containers in China. We are facing extended transit times, given the congestion of seaports at the Russian Far East. That's increasing the lead times for the consumables and spare parts. However, we are not seeing anything critical and anything that will substantially affect our cost line. Now, in terms of sort of a quick update on the ESG front, so our scores continued to improve across all key ratings. So in November, we received a score of 57, and S&P Global CSA, Sustain Analytics ESG, risk rating of 25.0. And also MSCI confirmed our MSCI ESG rating at A. Okay. That's all as for the management comments, and we are ready to take your questions. Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, you may signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad. If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again, star 1 for questions. We'll take our first question from Dan Shaw with Morgan Stanley. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple from me. First one, just on the guidance. Just a quick clarification. In the press release there, you note that the ruble assumption underpinning your guidance numbers is 65. So is it fair for us to assume that capex and costs will come at the lower ends of those ranges? That's the first question. And then just one second one on ESG, as you just mentioned it. But when can we expect to the next sort of major update in terms of setting out your medium and longer term targets? Do you have a date in mind for that? Thank you. Hello, Dan. So in terms of Forex assumption, which underpins our guidance, that's indeed 65. So in terms of factual figures, given the spot or near spot ruble rate, which as you are quite aware, is fairly volatile, you can reasonably expect that our TCC, factual TCC will be below 425. And our capex figure will be at the lower end of the guidance, again, assuming the sort of factual exchange rate. Now at 65, our TCC will be closer to the lower end, and our capex figure will be right in the midst of the provided guidance of $1 to $1.1 billion. Now in terms of sort of major ESG announcements, I think we will provide an update to the market around second quarter of next year. Okay. Thanks very much. As a reminder, star one, if you would like to ask a question. We'll take our next question from Boris Sinipson with Rencap. Hi, Jinba. Thanks. Just one question from my side, please. You mentioned some disruptions on the supply chain not affecting your costs so far. The question is, do you expect those to be continued in 2022? And do you think it might affect a capex, basically, not costs? Thank you. Hello, Boris. Well, first of all, we need to separate the sort of the interruptions in terms of transit time and the shipments and pricing effects. So, and I said that, you know, the interruptions related to shipment and transit times are not materially affecting our cost line. They are obviously bearing a certain effect, but again, it's fairly small. We are seeing an increase in the delivery timelines, but we are seeing some delays for spare parts. But again, there is nothing critical that we are seeing at this point, and obviously there is nothing which can, to any extent, affect the continuity of the operations. That said, the cost inflation, per se, is a major challenge for the sector, and that pertains to consumables, that pertains to labor domestically, and that pertains to equipment and spare parts. Now, that is being a fact by the fact that we have long-term contracts for all of the consumables, and they have a mix of fixed and variable pricing, which is providing an important buffer against the recent market developments. That said, still, a certain part of the ongoing cost escalation will have to be absorbed by us as the consumer. So, I would say that in terms of 2022 projections, CAPEX spending is not a factor to the same extent as our OPEX, because for CAPEX spending, we have contracted most of the equipment, and also most of the outside construction services. So, we are fairly safe there, and the brunt of cost inflation will be felt through the P&L. But again, that is offset by the optimization initiatives and will be mitigated at least partially. Thank you. Very clear. Thank you so much. We'll take our next question from Yuri Vlasov with Sova Capital. Many thanks. Two very quick questions from me. First, could you give us any breakdown of your MilFiber blogger? That now, how is it stretched across the years? And remind us, what's the timing on Sukhoi Lok Visibility Study? Can we expect the next milestone there? Thank you. Yuri, can you repeat your first question on Blagadatne? Could you give us a CAPEX breakdown on Blagadatne across the years? So, how it's spread across the next three, four years, roughly, in very rough estimates. And to talk about Blagadatne, you obviously, you are talking about MilFive, obviously. Yeah, yeah, MilFive. Not about MilFive. Well, the bulk of the spending will be taking place in 2023 and 2024. Spending rates in 2022 will be broadly comparable to 2021. Now, secondly, in terms of Sukhoi Lok Visibility, I think the major development will be, obviously, the approval of the feasibility study. That is slated to take place towards the end of the next year. We are confirming that we are on track. Now, if there are any important developments that sort of take place until that date that warrant market attention, we will immediately inform you. But what we can relate to you at this point is that we are on track in terms of all of the milestones that we set previously. That pertains to engineering, and that pertains to geological studies, and that pertains to the study of the requisite infrastructure. Thank you. Thank you. Sorry. Quick follow-up. Have you completed your drilling on Sukhoi Lok, or is it still in the process? Yuri, can you repeat that again? Sorry. What's the question? Sorry. Have you completed the drilling on... Drilling? This is the question. Yeah. Is it still work in process? Well, the majority of the drilling that is required for the feasibility study has been complete with the perfect reconciliation against the resource model. We have some outstanding drilling, which is being done at the flanks, but that's not required for the feasibility study. That is basically for the operations well beyond 2035. Oh, thank you. Many thanks. Thank you. We'll take our next question from Nina Durganova with Goldman Sachs. Good day. Thank you very much for answering the questions. Most of my questions have been replied already. Yeah, probably a few from my side. First one, on consolidated CAPEX guidance for next year, at the CMD, you mentioned that CAPEX could increase about 10%, and you also said now that for blood, the meal 5 spending is stable. Can you name which major projects can trigger this 10% increase in CAPEX next year? Thank you. All right. So the major increase will be at Sucralog, and that also will be at Kuranak, as we are commissioning the construction of the 7.5 project. And then there are a small sort of items, but nothing particularly material. Thank you. And what about stripping? What stripping do you expect? And I acknowledge that this guidance that you provide doesn't include stripping. The guidance does not incorporate stripping expense. Now, in terms of sort of projections, the fourth quarter figure will be very much comparable to the average quarterly number during the first nine months. And 2022 figure will be comparable to 2021 figure. Thank you. And the second question from my side, this year is a challenging year for Krasnoyarsk business units with lower grades, recoveries. Can you give a scale of improvement in grades and recoveries next year? Yeah, well, I think we'll be able sort of to provide a more precise guidance when we announce our figures for the 2021 fiscal year. Now, what we got previously is that there will be a substantial rebound in grades in 2022, and there will be a further increase in head grades in 2023, and that remains the case. So, Krasnoyarsk will see a stronger performance next year. That is clear. Thank you very much, Professor, for my side. Thank you. Once again, star one, if you would like to ask a question. At this time, there are no additional questions in the queue. Yeah, thanks a lot, guys, for attending our conference call. Once again, if you have any further follow-up questions, just drop us a line. So, we're going to be waiting for those questions. Thanks a lot. Cheers. Bye. That will conclude today's call. We appreciate your participation. Thank you.