 Thanks Joe.
 In the government business, we added an additional 109,000 members there in the quarter, bringing
 the total 2016 enrollment increased to 614,000 members, representing 6.9% versus year-end
 2015.
 The enrollment growth and pricing increases
 is translated into 2016 government business operating
 revenue of $45.5 billion, a growth of 11.4% versus 2015.
 Operating margins for the government business was 3.9 percent in 2016 at a client of 90 basis
 points compared to the prayer year, driven by law, grace,
 march...
 in the Medicaid business.
 As we communicated previously, we expected Medicaid margins to compress from 2015 levels
 due to weight actions impacting 2016.
 In addition, we experience tired and expected claims across Medicaid business in the current
 year, including materially higher than expected cost, in the recently implemented Iowa contract.
 Operating margins in the fourth quarter of 4.5%
 were higher than expected through the retroactive change
 in the minimum M.O.R. calculation
 under California's Medicaid expansion business.
 discussed earlier.
 And, importantly, core medical cost trends during the quarter will relatively inline
 with our most recent expectations.
 The pipeline of opportunity for a Medicaid business remains substantial, with approximately
 three-fourths of the pipeline in new and specialized services.
 and the remainder in traditional Medicaid services.
 We continue to believe our Medicaid asset in geographic footprint is very well positioned
 to capitalize on these growth opportunities
 over the next five years, as we continuously demonstrate
 that we are part of the solution
 to addressing the challenges of rising healthcare costs.
 for our state partners constituents.
 on improving quality.
 Within Medicare, we're pleased with the progress the team continues to make as our 2016 margins
 reflected improvement versus 2015.
 The improvement is a direct result of investments made in our Medicare business over the past three years.
 We have now positioned our portfolio to grow MA in 2017,
 which we will discuss in more detail
 when we turn to our 2017 outlook.
 switch into our commercial business,
 Our enrollment came in better than expected.
 growing by over 700,000 members during 2016
 with 30.4 million members.
 representing growth of 2.4%.
 This growth translated into better than expected operating
 revenue of $38.7 billion during the year, an increase of $1.1 billion or 3% compared
 to 2015. Our 2016 operating margin of 8.3% compared to 7.6% in 2015, an improvement of
 70 basis points.
 Commercial operating margins during the year reflected a lower SG&A ratio due to lower
 administrative cost.
 resulting from expense efficiency initiatives, as well as fixed cost leveraging on a growing
 membership base.
 In addition, operating margins benefited from membership growth and our self-funded product
 offerings, which carry a higher than average operating margin.
 These increases were offset by operating margin losses in our individual ACA-compliant business
 driven by higher than expected medical cost experience
 as we have discussed previously.
 Within our ACA compliant plans, our performance during the fourth quarter was generally in
 in line with previous expectations.
 We continue to experience higher than expected costs from members with chronic conditions.
 Next, I'd like to discuss the balance sheet.
 Same with our past practice, we have included a roll-forward of a medical claims table balance
 in this morning's press release.
 For the full year 2016, we experienced favorable prior year reserve development of $850 million,
 which was moderately better than our expectations.
 Our reserves continue to include a provision for adverse deviation in the mid to high single
 and we believe our reserve balance has remained consistent and strong as of December 31, 2016.
 Our days and claims payable was 41.3 days, as of the end of the year, an increase of
 point seven days from the forty point six days we reported last quarter right
 The debt-to-cap ratio is 38.5% as of December 31st.
 lower by 20 basis points from the 38.7% at the end of the third quarter, which reflects
 the impact of an increase in shareholders' equity, as we did not
 re-purchase any stock during the quarter.
 We ended the fourth quarter with approximately 1.4 billion of cash in investments at the
 parent...
 and company, which was impacted by the timing of changes
 in the intercompany funding arrangements and the settlement of intercompany receivables.
 adjusted for the timing impact of these changes,
 Cash and investments at the parent company
 would have totaled approximately $3.3 billion as of December 31, 2016.
 Our investment portfolio was an unrealized gain position of approximately $568 million
 as of the end of the quarter.
 the quarter.
 To the three Rs, we continue to book reinsurances appropriate and we continue reflecting that
 that receivable position for risk adjusters.
 We have consistently done, since 2014,
 continued our conservative posture of recording a 100%
 evaluation allowance against any unpaid receivables
 of the 2014, 2015, and 2016 benefit years for risk corridors.
 All reported earnings have been lost in the last couple of years.
 had never benefited from the amounts we are due under the risk corridor program.
 Now moving on to cash flow.
 For the full year 2016, we reported operating cash flow of approximately $3.2 billion, or
 1.3 times net income, which was stronger than expected
 and reflects the quality of earnings.
 Cash flow in the quarter totaled $275 million.
 As a reminder, my third quarter operating cash flow included the favorable timing
 of an extra C and less payment, which had an offsetting impact
 to our fourth quarter operating cash flow.
 We also used one hundred and seventy one million dollars during the quarter for a cash dividend
 With that, I will turn the call back over to Joe to discuss our 2017 outlook and provide
 some incremental commentary on earnings expectations beyond 2017.
 Joe?
 No.
 Thank you, Kevin.
 In terms of the high single digit, low double digit,
 That was on an EPS basis.
 So that would include a little bit of capital deployment
 associated with that on a long-term basis.
 associated with the second part of your question.
 You know, the Medicare, we've done extremely well over the past few years trying to get
 that platform fixed and get it corrected.
 and we're very close to target margins
 in that block of business right now.
 I'll be it at a lower membership level than we'd like to have on a long-term basis.
 We think that there's some significant opportunities
 for growing the top line and maintaining those target margins.
 On the Medicaid, it's a mixed bag.
 You know, the Medicaid expansion moved on extraordinarily well.
 And we've actually been earning above-target margins.
 And that's one of the headwinds we have going in the 2017,
 is the pricing associated with the Medicaid expansion book
 business coming back down into target margin levels.
 And then on the commercial,
 We think there's a lot of opportunities associated
 with wallet share, throwing a better doubt of penetrating
 our large group ASO block of business,
 as well as trying to retain and maintain our ACA compliant
 compliant and non-ACA compliant, small group books of business.
 So it's not a simple question,
 but we think we're very well positioned for growth,
 but we're doing pretty well right now.
 John.
 Thank you, Joe. And then, Josh, on the other question on the HIF holiday, as we had indicated
 in our prepared comments.
 And that makes many of our metrics non-comparable
 on a reported basis year-over-year.
 I would look at it this way, in 2016, the amount of health insurer fee that Anthem is
 going to be required to pay in his expense is approximately $1.2 billion and we've had
 a very cognizant approach to try to ensure that our pricing
 associated with that maintained a constant EPS number.
 So we're pricing for the fee, the tax gross up,
 and the non-doctability of that again and again.
 so you can sort of then calculate the impacts.
 And once you go through that, you'll see that the MLR ratio year over year, it's made
 own up nominally, really not much at all, the single biggest driver by far is the fee,
 The G and A ratio is coming down a bit, but the single biggest driver of it coming down
 on the magnetons coming down is to see.
 And then you also have to realize it
 in the competitive environment that we work in,
 And occasionally there can be some fungibility associated with the pricing and how much it's
 f-
 versus other things, as well as that in the Medicare Advantage area that we've taken the
 waiver of the fee and we baked it into product design and benefits to the customer so that
 the members actually enjoy that.
 So a lot of moving parts, but the vast majority of our reported movement is the fee.
 Yeah, and I thank you for the the inquiry you know in terms of I'll answer the second part first the
 And the renewal was due on July 1, and that's when we would expect to obtain actuarially
 justified rates associated with Iowa.
 we are still negotiating with the state of Iowa
 in terms of the rate.
 So it's premature to provide a specific point estimate
 data element on that, other than to say that we're requesting actually justified rates.
 In terms of 2016, as we had stated, I think, in the second quarter call, that the expense,
 the medical loss ratio is a good 20 percentage points,
 higher than we expected.
 But it did come down a bit over the rest of the year
 is some of our medical management initiatives
 and some of our other cost of care.
 initiative has went into place, but it still ended up at a loss in the 10 to 15 percentage
 points higher than we would have expected based on that block of business.
 So Christine, let me answer your question on enrollment,
 And then I know Joe has some commentary
 on the second part of your question.
 in terms of the enrollment.
 Even though open enrollment ended last night,
 That only provides us one portion of the equation,
 and that's the applications.
 And we monitor that very closely.
 The applications are a little bit stronger,
 a little bit better than we expected,
 not dramatically, but a little bit stronger.
 And as we look at the demographics,
 associated with those applications, whether it's
 age and income distribution, subsidy, eligibility, metal levels, various things like that were
 very comfortable with the overall amount of applications as compared to what we plan for.
 What we do not know and what no one knows at this point is how the renewals work and
 what percent renewals that you'll retain versus who jumps to another plan versus who goes somewhere else.
 And so it's really premature to give an exact membership number because it's really unknown.
 But I would say the applications were a little bit stronger than we had anticipated.
 Yeah, sure. Thank you, Austin.
 here, the California Medicaid retroactive adjustment
 about the medical loss ratio calculation, just for a little bit of clarification, had
 to do with how taxes are treated and getting the definition within the California Medicaid
 arena to more closely align with the definition that already existed as part of the ACA-MOR
 rebate calculation.
 And in terms of, you know, that was the primary driver of us going from $10.80 to $11 for
 2016. We were already in an MR rebate position in California when this occurred. And so what
 What had happened was once we re-performed the calculation under the correct rules, under
 of a corrected definition.
 It allowed us to reduce the amount of liability
 we had on the books associated with the MR rebate.
 So, there's no offset or, you know, it's just, you know, we perform the calculation,
 You know, we'll settle the MR rebate with the state in 2017, as was previously prescribed,
 And it allowed us to be the primary driver of adding $0.20 per share to the shareholders
 here at the end of 16.
 Thank you, John.
 Yeah. Thank you, Joe. And AJ, your specific question on trend. So just to clarify, trend
 for 2016 came in relatively in line with our expectations.
 I felt very, very good about that.
 that may be closer to the low end of the range
 that we provided at the beginning of 2016.
 And there, as we look into 2017 in general,
 trend is relatively stable year over year, except for the one item that you
 who I pointed out, and there was a hepatitis C drugspan.
 So that has nothing to do with Express Scripts.
 In 2015, we changed the coverage options and allowed a broader coverage of people that qualified for hep C treatment.
 We practically went out at that point in time and did some rebate contracting and various
 other things that really mitigate it, the significant increase that we saw in
 the increases would have been even greater without the practice steps we took.
 Now we believe that the cost structure associated with that,
 The utilization associated with that is going to stay flat from 16 to 17.
 It's just that by staying flat from 16 to 17, it means we did not have the increase that
 we saw from 15 to 16, so it's impacting our overall trend
 So, at the end of the day, trend is really stable year over year.
 We just have the mathematical dynamic of what's
 going on with Hepatitis C.
 Yeah, hey, Justin.
 In terms of the individual ACA compliant,
 just to give you a frame of reference.
 It's about 80%, just a tiny bit over 80%, is ACA compliant in our plan, which means
 is that approaching 20% is non-compliant.
 So, yeah.
 And then in terms of the, in terms of the,
 What was the question?
 Could you repeat the question on the PBM?
 Yeah, no, thank you.
 Yeah, so the RFP is not yet out, although it's eminent.
 And as we have stated previously, we expect to go through and then be very thoughtful in our approach.
 And by the fourth quarter of 2017, provide more clarity to all of you associated with
 our future pharmacy strategy. At that point in time, we would expect to provide some
 of quantification and clarification associated
 with what the economics are, which could be as a 2020 type
 left side at that point in time.
 how much of that is passed back to the customer
 provides affordability aspects versus how much is retained by the shareholder.
 Yeah, sure, Ralph. Thank you. So in terms of the $14, you know, we talked about some
 of the headwinds that we're facing on the third quarter call, and those headwinds are
 they're still very real and that we continue to work through them, you know, commercial
 insured mix was had when, you know, the most significant of which was the ACA
 exchanges, the fact that there was supposed to be 26 million people enrolled in exchanges
 by 2018 and, you know, we're at far, far short of half of that from a basis within the country
 and what the impact is on us, but clearly we're keeping our foot on the gas, we're trying
 and do everything possible in order to bridge the gap.
 But we want to ensure that everyone realized back 90 days ago that these headwinds were
 significant and you know it's we may not be able to completely overcome them but
 You know, we've got a lot of things going on that are going very, very, very well.
 Medicaid is ahead. We talked about Medicare, given the great growth we have with that.
 And all of this is without the PBM having any real upside in the $3 billion we talked about.
 So, you know, we have not declared specifics on 2018 yet.
 a little premature to do that, but the Heblins are still very real, but we are working very
 hard to overcome as many of them as we possibly can and then on your on your
 trend question, just say that we really don't go into specific trend information associated
 with each type of procedure, each type of process.
 But as I said, the overall trend is relatively consistent year
 every year, except for the hep C movement in terms of how that's impacting it.
 So you can assume that, you know,
 that trend is normally unit price driven.
 That's the most significant driver of it
 on a year-over-year basis.
 Our utilization, we track that very closely.
 that remains pretty much in line with our expectations
 in your medical management or provider collaboration.
 There's various other things have been a really nice job of keeping the utilization patterns
 fairly constant and fairly low, uh, low movement year over year.
 So it's predominately price.
 Thank you.
 Well, how about if I say we expect it to be this?
 All right
 You know it's with anything else. Yeah, we certainly do expect it to be to be imminent
 And if it came out either today or tomorrow,
 and neither of those would be surprised.
 But I mean, as you know with all those things,
 The devil is always in the details.
 I mean we really need to evaluate it and we need to understand how it impacts various
 aspects of our business and various aspects of our membership.
 You know, we've got a, we're cautiously optimistic, like I said before.
 Our Medicare asset is a reconstructed asset, really poised for growth.
 And we feel very, very good about where we're going to be as a company in Medicare and Medicare
 advantage area specifically over the next several years.
 So tomorrow is just one piece of the puzzle.
 but until we actually see the details,
 it's a little premature to declare anything.
 And Dave, just to give you maybe a little more specificity
 associated with the question on the back of Joe's response.
 You know, the fourth quarter S-GNA ratio is a little bit higher than what we had initially
 stated, but when you take a step back and look at the entire year, it's still about
 half of the savings or half of the decrees from the initial SG&A guidance back at the
 I'm getting a 16.
 non-recurring, and maybe half is operational efficiencies, along with fixed cost leveraging.
 So even though we did increase the amount of compensation
 expense here in the fourth quarter,
 We're still below target on that.
 And so it still is a have-win as we get into 2017.
 you know, associated with the operational efficiencies,
 I mean, there's been a lot of very successful projects
 that have been done here over the past few years,
 or higher accuracy of auto adjudication rates of claims
 Continue to go up.
 you over a year, your claim cycle time decrease.
 Now those are things that actually improve the accuracy of our claims payment process
 and we do it in a more cost-effective and cost-efficient manner.
 just as two examples of things where part of these savings
 in 2016 are recurring in Will & More and be a part of our run rate for 2017.
 So, it's a bit of a mixed bag that we, as Joe said, we're very proud of how we finished
 2016 and think we're heading into 17 with some nice momentum.
 been in a net receivable position, you know, consistently for a while.
 We were maybe a slight pair back in 14.
 But we've been in that receiver position most of the time
 since then, so hopefully that clarifies it.
 But you know, it's not one significant obvious item
 There's many, many things that are part of the effective tax rate.
 You really have to look at the states and where companies make money and what is the
 the state tax situation as a premium tax state?
 Is it an income tax state?
 What is the income tax?
 Is it a franchise tax date?
 So all those things are clearly part of the variation,
 the investment portfolio, what percent of an investment portfolio is in tax,
 example versus taxable yields and how does that impact it?
 I mean, there's any fair share of permanent tax differences
 that occur.
 You know, we're pretty comfortable with a lot of the tax planning strategies we've made.
 We all do start with a 35% rate on a pre-ACA non-HIP type basis.
 And I'm not positive I know all of the differences between our rate and everybody else's other
 and to say that we see this as a huge focus item
 that every time that we can do a tax planning strategy.
 That just demores the benefit to the shareholders.
 And so we put all of that in there.
 of time and effort and focus on taxes behind the scenes that nobody really sees and I think
 our effective tax rate helps.