Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Chuhuwo's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. This time, all participants are in the listen-only mode. After the management's prepared remarks, there will be a Q&A session. Today's conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's conference call, Mr. Eric Yuan. Please go ahead. Thank you, operator. Hello, everyone. Welcome to Chuhuwo's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. The company's results were released earlier today and are available on our website. On the call today are Leslie Yu, Chairman and CEO, Co-Founder Barry Barr, and CFO Sandra Qi. Leslie will review business operations and company highlights, followed by Sandra, who will discuss financials and guidance. They will be available to answer your questions in the Q&A session that follows. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this call may contain forward-looking statements made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Integration Act of 1995. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions and relate to the events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the company's control, which may cause the company's actual results, performance, and achievements to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties, and factors is included in the company's filings with the U.S. SEC. The company does not undertake any obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required under law. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Leslie Yu. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you, Eric, and thank you all for joining our third quarter 2021 earnings call. We are pleased to report another strong quarter. For Q4, the total revenues grew by 44% year-over-year, reaching RMB 1.1 billion, in line with our prior guidance. All of our three main business lines, on-demand food delivery, mobility, and housekeeping solutions all enjoyed continuous strong demand with our top-line growth, outpacing set-offs in the industry. Now let me walk you through our key business performance in Q3. First, let's look at our biggest revenue contributor, the on-demand delivery business. Its revenue reached RMB 1.05 billion, up 38% year-over-year, exceeding the RMB 1 billion mark for the first time. For Q3, the aggregated number of given orders were 159 million, up 59% year-over-year. This growth rate was clearly faster than the industry average, showing our ability to quickly gain market share. This impressive result in our on-demand food delivery business was enabled by our strategy to aggressively penetrate into new cities and expand our service network. By Q3, we provided our on-demand delivery services in 1,231 business circles across 87 cities nationwide, compared with 1,067 business circles across 70 cities in the same period in 2020. In addition, we expanded our coverage of serving chain merchants directly, including supermarkets and chain restaurants. This so-called new retail business gained strong momentum in Q3. We believe that the COVID-19 containment measures across China served as a positive catalyst for our clients in metro areas to adopt new ways to purchase living necessities. They placed orders online and get instant delivery offline. This positions Q4 very well in capturing new business opportunities in this burgeoning segment. As evidenced by our community and grocery delivery enjoying explosive growth in Q3 with revenue up 262% year-over-year. Furthermore, our expanded network is enabling Q4 to sustain our leading position on business scale and service quality, while also improve our operational efficiencies and cost structure. Moving to our housekeeping solutions business, Q3 revenues increased 538% year-over-year to RMB 21 million, with a GMV of RMB 462 million. We are pleased to announce that our housekeeping solutions has become our second largest business line. For our mobility business, this strategic segment continued its strong growth in Q3, with revenues reaching RMB 34.6 million, up 365% year-over-year and 35% quarter-over-quarter. Besides share bike ride-hailing, starting July this year, we launched our freight service for industrial customers by fulfilling end-to-end intercity and long-distance transportation orders. We believe this is a very promising business with huge market potential. All of all reflected our growing brand awareness and resulting in market share gains in this lucrative category. Let me now provide another update on our exciting multi-scenario deployment, which enables gig workers to have multiple jobs on our platform to optimize their overall income. In Q3, the cumulative number of workers who engaged in two or more types of jobs on our platform reached about 22,700, increasing 28% quarter-over-quarter. G-mail workers accounted for 16% of the total group, increasing from 10% in the previous quarter. For riders with an average monthly income of at least 5,000 RMB, they represented more than 54,000 workers, accounting for 51% of total group, flat with the previous quarter. In Q3, we would like also to highlight the importance of our aggressive investment in Chihuahuas' technology platform, reflected by doubling of our R&D, research and development, expenses from a year ago. We believe these expenditures will enhance our competitiveness by improving operational efficiency and service quality while expanding our services to more sectors. A clear illustration of our progress on the technology front is the rollout this quarter of our new LED gig platform, including a new family-oriented housekeeping services. Our goal is to extend our world-class housekeeping services capabilities from hotels and restaurants to directly to home and communities, the marked size of which is expanded to reach the trading industry level. The LED gig platform integrates intelligent inspection, robots and sensors to monitor water and electricity consumption, which can effectively reduce labor costs of property management and improve efficiency and service quality. With the adoption of this smart system by more property management companies, we will set up service stations near communities and fully utilize resources of workers at hotels and property management companies within five kilometers of service stations. Meanwhile, through cooperation with more property management companies, we can also mobilize our existing housekeeping workforce and our infrastructures to engage in the community housekeeping services, creating a win-win solutions for all parties. Finally, let me talk about our continued efforts in driving profitability in Q3. In spite of operating constraints from the stringent COVID-19 containment measures and with heightened competition, we were still able to achieve our RMB 19 million net income result in Q3, compared with a net loss of RMB 10 million in the same period last year. Adjusted net income for Q3 was RMB 28 million. The results reflected our commitment to sustainable profitability as we continued to advance our lucrative business model. This concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Sandra, who will discuss our financial results for the third quarter. Thank you. Thanks, Leslie. Hello, everyone. Welcome to Chihuos third quarter 2021 call. Please be reminded that all amounts quoted here will be in RMB unless stated otherwise. For this quarter, our total revenues were RMB 1,105.5 million, representing an increase of 43.7% year over year, primarily due to the rapid growth of our major business lines. Revenues from on-demand delivery solutions were RMB 1,047 million, representing an increase of 38% from RMB 758.8 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the increase in the number of delivery orders fulfilled as a result of the industry growth as our continued

with the field as a result of the industry growth and our continued penetration and expansion into new geographic markets. Revenues from mobility service solutions consisting of shared bike maintenance and free service solutions were $34.6 million, representing an increase of 364.5% from $7.4 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to our enlarged customer base and service scope for shared bike maintenance solutions and the commencement of free service solutions in July 2021. Revenues from housekeeping and accommodation solutions were $21.9 million, representing a significant increase of 538% from $3.4 million in the third quarter of 2020, primarily because we enlarged our customer base for housekeeping and accommodation solutions to include hotels and B&Bs following our acquisition of Lailin and Chenju Hall. Our cost of revenues were $1,055.1 million, representing an increase of 53.2% year over year, primarily due to our business expansion which resulted in increased costs, proportionate to our revenue growth and the incremental hiring expenses and equipment costs to expand workforce on our platform and secure additional resources in preparation for the anticipated increased demand of our solutions and our continuous business expansion plan in the first quarter. General and administrative expenses were $56.2 million, representing a decrease of 45.6% from $103.2 million in third quarter of last year. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in share-based compensation expenses from $72 million in third quarter of last year to $9.1 million in third quarter of this year, primarily because we incurred substantial share-based compensation expenses in the third quarter of 2020 as we satisfied the performance conditions of our share incentive awards upon completion of our initial public offering then. Excluding share-based compensation expenses, general and administrative expenses increased by 51% year over year, primarily due to the increase in job costs in line with the rapid growth of our housekeeping solutions and professional service fees and expenditures in connection with our business expansion plan. Our research and development expenses were $6.3 million, representing an increase of 180.9% from $3 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the occurrence of our sourcing expenses to develop a new subsystem for our housekeeping solutions and the increase in staff costs as we enlarged our research and development team. The operating loss was $19.3 million compared to operating loss of $24 million in third quarter of last year. Excluding share-based compensation expenses, the adjusted operating loss was $10.2 million compared to adjusted operating profit of $48 million in third quarter of 2020. We recorded other income net of $39.2 million compared to other income net of $32.1 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the increase in fair value change of investment in mutual funds. We also recorded income tax benefits of $0.8 million compared to income tax expenses of $15.8 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the lower estimated annual effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2021. The adjusted EBITDA was $35.1 million compared to adjusted EBITDA of $85.1 million in third quarter of 2020. The adjusted net income was $28.2 million compared to adjusted net income of $61.3 million in third quarter of 2020. For the balance sheet, as of September 30, 2021, we had cash, short-term investments, and restricted cash of $257.1 million and short-term debt of $140.6 million. Now move to our financial outlook for the next quarter. For the first quarter of 2021, we expect the total revenues to be in the range of $1,050 million to $1,150 million, representing an increase of 20.6% to 32% year-over-year. The forecast reflects our current and preliminary views on the market and its operational conditions, which is subject to change. I think this concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you for your attention. We are now happy to take your questions. Operator, please go ahead. Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press the pound or hash key. Once again, if you wish to ask a question, you may press star 1 on your telephone keypad. Your first question comes from Dylan Hestlin from Ross Capital Partner. Please ask your question. Hi, good morning. Good afternoon. Hope everyone's doing well. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I know some of the other gig economy companies in China talked about some weakness in consumer demand from both the COVID variant of Delta and then some flooding and other macro impacts. Did you guys see anything similar in 3Q? And if so, have any of those trends normalized for 4Q? Hi, this is Leslie. And even though the COVID-19 contained the measurement across the whole of China, we can see we captured the business opportunity and we have very strong growth. So compared with our, according to our growth, we consider that the market for on-demand delivery and for housekeeping and for mobility is still very strong. And we expect that the Q4, as indicated by Sanjula in the financial outlook, we still expand that will be huge demand and we will maintain this growth. Although there will be like Spring Festival followed up by Q4. So we mainly focused on the profitability during in Q4. But we expected that the demand for the service and for the revenue growth is still strong. Thank you. Thanks. And secondly, your gross margins were a little bit under pressure again in 3Q, down a bit more from 2Q versus what they were last year. How much of that is one-time in nature from some of the platform expenses you incurred to grow in terms of like technology and hardware? And then what sort of like a steady state forward gross margin outlook for 4Q and beyond? I would like to explain the reason why the gross profit is a little bit down in Q3. That is because we have recruited a lot of staff preparing for this Q4 because we are already expecting very strong growth compared with last year. Overall, it's about 80% growth compared with last year. So for this coming winter, we need to prepare people in advance because in this year, particularly in the market, the labor is more, the supply of the labor compared with last few years is relatively limited. So we have to get more people on board with us prepared for the Q4. And also because we are facing some extreme weather according to the forecast for this winter. So we prepared for our winter equipment a little bit early and it's a full preparation in Q3. That's the reason why a little bit cost has been increased in our operational cost. But it's one of the investments in the winter equipment also in the labor recruitment cost. I can give you a rough picture of the first quarter gross profit margin. We expect the margin will be better than this quarter. Thank you. Got it. Thank you. That's helpful. One more if I may. Can you sort of talk a little bit more about the

multi-city deployment? What's your go-to-market strategy there? Like how do you select which cities get the multi-service and how do you onboard some of your workers onto that platform? So, Mike, go ahead. We have considered this multi-scenario deployment. Actually, this is a nationwide strategy. And basically, we are providing for our workers for multi-job opportunities. But for these workers, possibly, they do not have this kind of skill or capability. So we have an online training system and together equipped with inside coaching. So with these two systems, we help them to adapt them to the new job opportunities and help them to get more income. Besides that, we have a screening system. This screening system will help to record this personnel and their qualification and their skill set and their work record in the system. And we use a kind of algorithm to help us to identify and match the people to the right jobs. And when these people in the system being matched and we will encourage them and provide them with the training program and some kind of encouragement, they will be better, easier, and also be encouraged to work in the new job opportunities. That's how we can keep more workforce in our platform to have more job opportunities and increasing about 28% quarter over quarter. Yeah, thank you. Great. Thank you. That's it for me. There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now all disconnect.

