 Good day, and ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Chihuahua's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 This time, all participants are in the listen-only mode.
 After the management's prepared remarks, there will be a Q&A session.
 Today's conference call is being recorded.
 If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's conference call,
 Mr. Eric U1, please go ahead.
 Okay, thank you all for your time.
 Hello, everyone.
 Welcome to Qi Huo's third quarter, 2021,
 Earnings Conference call.
 The company's results were released early today and are available on our website.
 On the call today are Leslie Yu, Chairman and CEO, Co-Founder Barry Ba, and CFO Andrew
 Ji.
 Lastly, we will reveal business operations and the company highlights, followed by central
 who will discuss financials and guidance.
 they will be available to author your questions
 in the Q&A session that follows.
 Before we begin, I would like to remind you that that's called make content for looking
 statements made under the safe harbor provisions of the private securities and immigration
 Act of 1995.
 Such statements are based on measurement current expectations and current market and operating
 conditions relate to the events that involve known or unknown risks and
 and certainties and other factors of which are difficult to predict and many of which
 which are beyond the company's control,
 which may cause the company's actual results,
 performance, and achievements.
 to deform, to relay from those in forward-looking statements.
 further information regarding leads and other risks and certainties and factors is included
 in the company's findings with the U.S. SEC.
 The company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking
 statement.
 out of new information, future events, or otherwise,
 accept as required and lower.
 With that, I will now turn the call over
 to our chairman, the CEO, Mr. Leslie Yu.
 Please go ahead, Thor.
 Thank you, Eric, and thank you all for joining our third quarter to sound it until we release
 call.
 We are pleased to report another strong quarter.
 For Chihuahua, the total revenues grow by 44% year over year, reaching IMB 1.1 billion,
 in line with our prior guidance.
 Also, our three main business lines on demand for delivery, mobility, and housekeeping solutions
 or enjoy the continued strong demand with our top-line growth
 outpacing the whole industry.
 Now, let me walk you through our key business performance
 in Q3.
 First, let's look at our biggest revenue contributor.
 the on-demand delivery business.
 The surreal reached R&B 1.05 B.
 are 38% year over year, exceeding the IMB 1 billion mark
 for the first time.
 For Q3, the aggregate number of given orders
 worth $150 million.
 up 59 year-old a year.
 this growth rate with clearly faster than the industry average.
 showing our ability to quickly gain market share.
 This impressive result in our own demand for delivery business
 were enabled by our strategy to aggressively penetrate
 into new cities and expand our service network.
 By Q3, we provided our own demanding resources in 1,231 business circles across 87 cities
 nationwide. Compared with 1067 business circles across 70 cities in the same
 period in 2020. In addition, we expand our coverage of serving
 chain merchants directly, including supermarkets and chain restaurants, this so-called new
 new retail business.
 in the strong momentum in truth rate.
 We believe that the COVID-19 containment measures across China served as a positive catalyst
 for our clients in metro areas to adopt new ways to purchase living necessities.
 So you place all this online and get instant delivery offline.
 These positions cure very well in capturing new business opportunities in this burgeoning
 segment. As evidenced by our community and the grocery delivery, enjoying explosive growth
 in Q3 with revenue up 262% year over year.
 Furthermore, our expanded network is enabling Chihua to sustain our leading position on business
 scale and service quality while also improve our operational efficiencies and cost structure.
 Move into our housekeeping solutions business.
 Q3 revenues increased 538% year-over-year to MB, 21 million.
 with a GMV of IMB for the 62 million.
 And we are pleased to announce that our housekeeping solution has become our second largest business
 For our mobility business, this strategic segment continued its strongholds in Q3,
 With revenue reaching INB 34.6 million, up 364, 65 percent year-over-year, and 35 percent
 quarter over quarter.
 Besides your bike ride cleaning,
 We launched our free service for industry customers.
 by profiting end-to-end intercity and the long-distance transportation orders.
 We believe this is a very promising business with huge market potential, all above reflected
 our growing brand awareness and the resulting market share gains in this lucrative category.
 Let me now provide another update on our exciting multi-scenario deployment, which enables
 to have multiple jobs on our platform to optimize their overall income.
 In Q3, the cumulative number of workers who engage in two or more types of jobs on our
 platform reached about 22,700, increasing 28% quarter over quarter.
 Female workers accounted for 16% of the total group, increasing from 10% in the previous quarter.
 For riders with an average monthly income of at least 5,000 RMB, they represented more
 54,000 workers, accounting for 51% of total group,
 flat with the previous quarter.
 In Q3, we would like also to highlight the importance of our aggressive investment in
 She was technology platform.
 reflected by the doubling of our high-end research and development expenses from a year ago.
 We believe these expenditures will enhance our competitiveness by improving operational
 efficiency and service quality while expanding our services to more sectors.
 A clear illustration of our progress on the technology front is the low-out six-quarter
 of our new led sticks platform.
 including a new family-oriented housekeeping services.
 Our goal is to extend our workhouse housekeeping services capabilities from hotels and restaurants
 directed to home and the community.
 The largest size over which is expanded to reach the trading
 on the level.
 The last fixed platform integrates
 intelligent inspection, robots, and sensors to monitor water and electricity consumption,
 which can effectively reduce labor costs or property management and improve efficiency
 and service quality.
 with adoption of the smart system by more property management companies.
 We will set up service stations near communities and fully utilize the resources of workers
 at hotels and property management companies,
 within five kilometers of service stations.
 Meanwhile, through cooperation with more property management companies, we can also mobilize
 our existing housekeeping workforce,
 and our infrastructures to engage in the community housekeeping services, creating a win-win
 solutions for our parties.
 Finally, let me talk about our continued efforts in driving profitability in Q3.
 In spite of all operating constraints from the string to COVID-19 content measures, and
 we've hidden the competition.
 we were still able to achieve a RMB 19 million net income
 without in Q3, compared with the net loss of IMB per million in the same period last year.
 adjusted the net income for Q3 with R&B 28 million.
 The results reflected our commitment to sustainable profitability as we continued to advance our
 lucrative business model.
 This concludes my prepared remarks.
 I will now turn the call over to our C4 Senator and who will discuss our financial
 results for the CERCOTO.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Leslie. Hello, everyone. Welcome to QQ Holds 3rd quarter, 2021.
 Please be reminded that all months coached here will be in the meeting unless stated otherwise.
 For this quarter, our total revenues were 1,105.5 million, representing an increase of
 and we'll see you in the next video.
 year-over-year, primarily due to the rapid growth of our major business lines.
 from undemanded delivery solutions for 1,047 million, representing the increase of 38
 sent from 758.8 million in third quarter of 2020,
 primarily due to the increase in the number of delivery orders
 we've fulfilled as a result of the industry growth as our
 continue the penetration and expansion
 to new geographic markets, revenues from mobility service solutions consisting of shared bike
 maintenance. Ryan Haley and the free survey solutions were 34.6 million representing
 an increase of 364.5% from 7.4 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to our
 enlarge the customer base and the service scope for shared wide maintenance solutions
 as the commencement of trade survey solutions in July 2021.
 Revenues from housekeeping and accommodation solutions were $21.9 million, representing
 significant increase of 538% from 3.4 million in the third quarter of 2020,
 primarily because we enlarge our customer base for housekeeping and
 accommodation solutions to include the hotels and the BSBs following our
 or acquisition of Lila and the Chanchu Hall.
 Our cost of revenues were $1,055.1 million, representing an increase of 53.2% year-over-year,
 due to our business expansion which resulted in increased costs.
 proportionate to our revenue growth and the incremental hiring expenses and
 health and equipment costs to expand the workforce on our platform and secure additional resources
 in preparation for the anticipated increased demand of our solutions and our continuous
 of Business Expansion Plan in the first quarter.
 General and administrative expenses were 56.2 million,
 representing a decrease of 45.6 from 103.2 million in third quarter of last year.
 year.
 That decrease was
 was primarily due to decrease in share-based compensation
 It's expensive.
 72 million in the third quarter of last year to 9.1 million in the fourth quarter of this
 year, primarily because we incurred substantial share-based compensation
 expenses in the third quarter of 2020 as we
 in satisfied the performance conditions of our
 share a sensitive award upon completion of our initial public offering them, excluding
 share-based compensation expenses.
 general as administrative expenses increase by 51% year-over-year,
 primarily due to the increase in top cost,
 in line with the rapid growth of our housekeeping solutions and professional service fees and
 expenditures in connection with our business expansion plan.
 Our research and the development expenses were 6.3 million, representing an increase
 of one hundred and eighty point nine from three million and
 the third quarter of 2020,
 primarily due to the occurrence of outsourcing expenses
 to develop a new self-system for our housekeeping solutions
 as the increase in staff costs as we enlarge our research
 as the development team.
 The operating loss was 19.3 million compared to operating loss of 24 million in the third
 quarter of last year, excluding share-based compensation
 expenses, the adjusted operating loss was $10.2 million compared to adjusted operating
 profit of $48 million in the record of 2020.
 We reported other income net of $39.2 million compared to other income net of $32.1 billion
 third quarter of 2020.
 Thank you.
 to the increase in fair value change of investments in mutual funds.
 We also recorded income tax benefits of 0.8 million compared to income tax expenses of
 15.8 million in the third quarter of 2020,
 due to the lower estimated annual effective tax rate
 for the third quarter of 2021.
 that adjusted EBITDA was $35.1 million compared to just EBITDA of $85.1 million in the quarter of 2020.
 The adjusted net income was $28.2 million compared to adjusted net income of $61.3 million
 in third-culture.
 For the balance sheet, as of September 30, 2021, we had cash short-term investment
 at the restricted cash of $257.1 million,
 the short-term debt of $140.6 million.
 Now move to our finished outlook for the next culture.
 for the first quarter of 2021.
 We expect the total revenues to be in the range of $1,050,000 to $1,150,000 representing
 the increase of 20.6% to 32% year over year.
 The forecast reflects our current and the preliminary views on the market and its operational conditions,
 We should subject to change.
 I think this concludes our prepared remarks.
 Thank you for your attention.
 We are not happy to take your questions.
 Operator, please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad and wait
 for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press the pound or hash key.
 Once again, if you wish to ask a question, you may press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 Your first question comes from Dylan Hesslin from Ross Capital Partner.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, good morning. Good afternoon.
 and I hope everyone's doing well.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 First, I know some of the other gig economy companies in China
 talked about some weakness in consumer demand from both the
 COVID variant of Delta, and then some flooding and other macro impacts.
 Did you guys see anything similar in 3Q?
 And if so, have any of those trends normalize for 4Q?
 Hi, this is Lassie, and even though the COVID-19 contained a measurement across the whole of
 China, we can still see that the COVID-19 situation is getting worse and worse.
 can see, we capture the business opportunity and we have very strong growth.
 So, compared with our, according to our growth, we consider that it's a market for on-demand
 and for housekeeping and for mobility is still very strong.
 And we expect that Q4, as indicated by Sandra in the financial outlook, we're still expanding
 that will be huge demand and where we are maintaining this growth.
 So, I think I will be, uh,
 like Spring Festival followed up by Q4.
 So we mainly focused on the profitability
 in Q4, but we expected that the demand for the service and for the revenue clause is still
 job.
 Thanks.
 Secondly, your gross margins were a little bit under pressure, again, in 3Q, down a bit
 more from TQ versus what they were last year.
 How much of that is one time in nature
 from some of the platform expenses you incurred to grow,
 in terms of like technology and hardware
 and then what's sort of like a steady state forward,
 gross margin outlook for 4Q and beyond.
 I would like to explain the reason why the cross-profit is a little bit down in Q3 that
 these because uh...
 uh... we uh...
 we have recruited a lot of stuff
 preparing for this Q4 because we are already expecting
 a very strong growth compared with last year.
 overall is about 80% growth compared with last year so for this coming winter we
 need to prepare people in advance because in DC, particularly in the market, the labor
 is more, the supply of the laborers
 compared with the last a few years is relatively limited.
 So we have to get more people on board with us, prepared for the Q4.
 for and also because we are facing some extreme weather according to the forecast for this
 winter so we prepared for our winter equipment a little bit early and it's a full
 in Q3. That's a reason why the liberal cost has been increased in our operational cost,
 but it's one of the investments in the winter equipment
 and also in the labor recruitment cost.
 What is the level?
 And I can give you a rush picture of the first quarter gross profit margin.
 We expect the margin will be better than this quarter.
 Thank you.
 Got it.
 Thank you.
 One more if I may.
 Can you sort of talk a little bit more
 about the multi-city deployment.
 What's your go-to-market strategy there?
 like how do you select which, which set these,
 I'm not, I'm sorry, not multi-city, multi-service,
 which cities get the multi-service, and how do you,
 How do you onboard some of your workers onto that platform?
 And for multiple job opportunities, and also we considered this multi-scenario deployment.
 Actually, this is a national-wide strategy, and we basically will provide for our workers
 for multi-job opportunities.
 But for this worker, possibly, and they
 does not have this kind of skill or capability.
 So we have our launching system.
 and together, uh,
 equipped with inside coaching.
 So with these two systems, we'll help them to adapt them to the new job opportunities
 and help them to get the income, more income.
 besides of that, and we have a call is,
 Um...
 to the safety on the screenshot.
 Screen system. Yeah. We have screen system of Q4 plus.
 This screen system will help to record this personnel and their qualification and their
 a skill set, and now they are working very hard in the system, and we use that kind of
 like the egliposum to help us to identify and match the people to the right jobs.
 And when these people are in the system being matched,
 and we will encourage them and provide them
 with the training program, and some kind of encouragement.
 And they will be better, easier, and also be encouraged
 to work in the new job opportunities.
 That's how we can keep more workforce in our platform
 to have more job opportunities and increasing
 about 20% quarter over quarter.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Great, thank you.
 I know further questions at this time.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now all disconnect.