 Good day, and ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Chihua's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. This time, all participants are in the listen-only mode. After the management's prepared remarks, there will be a Q&A session. Today's conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's conference call, Mr. Eric Yuwan. Please go ahead. Okay, thank you, operator. Hello, everyone. Welcome to Chihua's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. The company's results were released earlier today and available on our website. On the call today are Leslie Yu, chairman and CEO, co-founder Barry Barr, and the CFO Andrew G. Leslie will reveal business operations and company highlights, followed by Sandra who will discuss financials and guidance. They will be available to answer your questions in the Q&A session that follows. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this call may contain forward-looking statements made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Security Security Association Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based on management current expectations and current market and operating conditions and relate to the events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which may cause the company's actual results, performance, and achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding leads and other risks and uncertainties and factors is included in the company's findings with the U.S. SEC. The company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required under law. With that, I will now turn the call over to our chairman and CEO, Mr. Leslie Yu. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you, Eric, and thank you all for joining our third quarter 2021 earnings call. We are pleased to report another strong quarter. For Chihua, the total revenues grow by 44% year-over-year, reaching IMB 1.1 billion, in line with our prior guidance. All of our three main business lines, on-demand for delivery, mobility, and housekeeping solutions, all enjoy the continued strong demand with our top-line growth, outpacing that of the industry. Now, let me walk you through our key business performance in Q3. First, let's look at our biggest revenue contributor, the on-demand delivery business. Its revenue reached IMB 1.05 billion, up 38% year-over-year, exceeding the IMB 1 billion mark for the first time. For Q3, the aggregate number of delivery orders were 159 million, up 59 year-over-year. This growth rate was clearly faster than the industrial average, showing our ability to quickly gain market share. This impressive results in our on-demand food delivery business was enabled by our strategy to aggressively penetrate into new cities and expand our service network. By Q3, we provided our on-demand delivery services in 1,231 business circles across 87 cities nationwide. Compared with 1,067 business circles across 70 cities in the same period in 2020. In addition, we expanded our coverage of serving chain merchants directly, including supermarkets and chain restaurants. This so-called new retail business gained strong momentum in Q3. We believe that the COVID-19 containment measures across China served as a positive catalyst for our clients in metro areas to adopt new ways to purchase living necessities. They placed orders online and get instant delivery offline. This positions Q3 very well in capturing new business opportunities in this burgeoning segment, as evidenced by our community and grocery delivery, enjoying explosive growth in Q3, with revenue up 262% year-over-year. Furthermore, our expanded network is enabling Q3 to sustain our leading position on business scale and service quality, while also improve our operational efficiencies and cost structure. Moving to our housekeeping solutions business, moving to our housekeeping solutions business, Q3 revenues increased 538% year-over-year to RMB $21 million, with a GMV of RMB $42 million. We are pleased to announce that our housekeeping solutions has become our second largest business line. For our mobility business, this strategic segment continued its strong growth in Q3. With revenues reaching RMB $34.6 million, up $364 million, 65% year-over-year, and 35% quarter-over-quarter. Besides share bike ride-hailing starting July this year, we launched our free service for industry customers by fulfilling N2N intra-city and long-distance transportation orders. We believe this is a very promising business with huge market potential. All above reflected our growing brand awareness and resulting in market share gains in this lucrative category. Let me now provide another update on our exciting multi-scenario deployment, which enables gig workers to have multiple jobs on our platform to optimize their overall income. In Q3, the cumulative number of workers who engaged in two or more types of jobs on our platform reached about 22,700, increasing 28% quarter-over-quarter. Female workers accounted for 16% of the total group, increasing from 10% in the previous quarter. For riders with an average monthly income of at least 5,000 RMB, they represented more than 54,000 workers, accounting for 51% of the total group, flat with the previous quarter. In Q3, we would like also to highlight the importance of our aggressive investment in Sugar's technology platform, reflected by the doubling of our R&D research and development expenses from a year ago. We believe these expenditures will enhance our competitiveness by improving operational efficiency and service quality while expanding our services to more sectors. A clear illustration of our progress on the technology front is a rollout this quarter of our new LED-FIX platform. Including a new family-oriented housekeeping services. Our goal is to extend our world-class housekeeping services capabilities from hotels and restaurants to directly to home and communities. The market size of which is expanded to reach the trading RMB level. The LED-FIX platform integrates intelligent inspectors, robots, and sensors to monitor water and electricity consumption, which can effectively reduce labor costs for property management and improve efficiency and service quality. With adoption of this smart system by more property management companies, we will set up service stations near communities and fully utilize resources of workers at hotels and property management companies within five kilometers of service stations. Meanwhile, through cooperation with more property management companies, we can also mobilize our existing housekeeping workforce and our infrastructures to engage in the community housekeeping services, creating a win-win solution for all parties. Finally, let me talk about our continued efforts in driving profitability in Q3. In spite of the operating constraints from the strict COVID-19 content measures and with heightened compensation, we were still able to achieve our R&B 19 million net income result in Q3 compared with a net loss of R&B 10 million in the same period last year. Adjusted net income for Q3 was R&B 28 million. The results reflected our commitment to sustain more profitability as we continued to advance our lucrative business model. This concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to our C4, Sandra, and who will discuss our financial results for the third quarter. Thank you. Thanks, Leslie. Hello, everyone. Welcome to Q4, Sandra, for your 2021. Please be reminded that all amount quoted here will be in Renminbi, unless stated otherwise. For this quarter, our total revenues were $1,105.5 million, representing an increase of 43.7% year-over-year, primarily due to the rapid growth of our major business lines. Revenues from on-demand delivery solutions were $1,047 million, representing an increase of 38% from $758.8 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the increase in the number of delivery orders we fulfilled as a result of the industry growth as our continued penetration and expansion into new geographic markets. Revenues from mobility service solutions were $3,047 million, representing an increase of 364.5% from $7.4 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to our enlarged customer base, primarily due to our enlarged customer base and service scope for share-by maintenance solutions and the commencement of free service solutions in July 2021. Revenues from housekeeping and accommodation solutions were $21.9 million, representing a significant increase of 538% from $3.4 million in the third quarter of 2020, primarily because we enlarged our customer base for housekeeping and accommodation solutions to include hotels and the BFBs following our acquisition of Lila and the Central Home. Our cost of revenues were $1,055 million, representing an increase of 53.2% year-over-year, primarily due to our business expansion, which resulted in increased costs. Proportionate to our revenue growth and the incremental hiring expenses and equipment costs to expand the workforce on our platform and secure additional resources in preparation for the anticipated increased demand and secure additional resources in preparation for the anticipated increased demand of our solutions and our continuous business expansion plan in the first quarter. General and administrative expenses were $56.2 million, representing a decrease of $45.6 million from $103.2 million in third quarter of last year. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in share-based compensation expenses from $72 million in the third quarter of last year to $9.1 million in the third quarter of this year, primarily because we incurred substantial share-based compensation expenses in the third quarter of 2020, as we satisfied the performance conditions of our share incentive awards upon completion of our initial public offering them. Excluding share-based compensation expenses, general and administrative expenses increased by 51% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in staff cost in line with the rapid growth of our housekeeping solutions and the professional service fees and the professional service fees and expenditures in connection with our business expansion plan. Our research and development expenses were $6.3 million, representing an increase of $180.9.3 million in the third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the incurrence of our sourcing expenses to develop a new subsystem for our housekeeping solutions and the increase in staff costs as we enlarge our research and development team. The operating loss was $19.3 million, compared to operating loss of $24 million in third quarter of last year, excluding share-based compensation expenses. The adjusted operating loss was $10.2 million, compared to adjusted operating profit of $48 million in third quarter of 2020. We recorded other income net of $39.2 million, compared to other income net of $32.1 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the increase in fair value change of investments in mutual funds. We also recorded income tax benefits of $0.8 million, compared to income tax expenses of $15.8 million in the third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the lower estimated annual effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2021. Net adjusted EBITDA was $35.1 million, compared to adjusted EBITDA of $85.1 million in third quarter of 2020. The adjusted net income was $28.2 million, compared to adjusted net income of $61.3 million in third quarter of 2020. For the balance sheet, as of September 30, 2021, we had cash, short-term investment, and the restricted cash of $257.1 million, and the short-term debt of $140.6 million. Now move to our financial outlook for the next quarter. For the first quarter of 2021, we expect the total revenues to be in the range of $1,050 million to $1,150 million, representing the increase of 20.6% to 32% year-over-year. The forecast reflects our current and the preliminary views on the market and its operational conditions, which is subject to change. I think this concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you for your attention. We are now happy to take your questions. Operator, please go ahead. Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press the pound or hash key. Once again, if you wish to ask a question, you may press star 1 on your telephone keypad. Your first question comes from Dylan Heslin from Ross Capital Partner. Please ask your question. Hi. Good morning. Good afternoon. Hope everyone's doing well. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I know some of the other gig economy companies in China talked about some weakness in consumer demand from both the COVID variant of Delta and then some flooding and other macro impacts. Did you guys see anything similar in 3Q? And if so, have any of those trends normalized for 4Q? Thank you. Hi. This is Leslie. And even though the COVID-19 contain the measurement across the whole of China, China, we can see we captured the business opportunity and we have very strong growth. So compared with our, according to our growth, we consider that the market for on-demand delivery and for housekeeping and for mobility is still very strong. And we expect that the Q4 as indicated by Sandra in the financial outlook, we're still expanding that will be huge demand and we will maintain this growth. Although there will be like stream festival followed up by Q4, so we mainly focused on the profitability driven in Q4, but we expected that the demand for the service and for the revenue growth is still strong. Thank you. Thanks. And secondly, your gross margins were a little bit under pressure again in 3Q, down a bit more from 2Q versus what they were last year. How much of that is one time in nature from some of the platform expenses you incurred to grow in terms of like technology and hardware? And then what's sort of like a steady state forward gross margin outlook for 4Q and beyond? I would like to explain the reason why the gross profit is a little bit down in Q3. That is because we have recruited a lot of staff preparing for this Q4 because we are already expecting very strong growth compared with last year. Overall, it's about 80% growth compared with last year. So for this coming winter, we need to prepare people in advance because in this year, particularly in the market, the labor is more, the supply of the labor compared with the last few years is relatively limited. So we have to get more people on board with us prepared for the Q4. And also because we are facing some extreme weather according to the forecast for this winter. So we prepared for our winter equipment a little bit early and it's a full payment in Q3. And that's a reason why we, the labor cost has been increased in our operational cost. But it's one of the investments in the winter equipment and also in the labor recruitment cost. And I can give you a large picture of the first quarter gross profit margin. We expect the margin will be better than this quarter. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Got it. Thank you. That's helpful. One more if I may. Can you sort of talk a little bit more about the multi-city deployment? What's your go-to-market strategy there? Like how do you select which, which cities, I'm not, I'm sorry, not multi-city, multi-service, which cities get the multi-service and how do you, how do you onboard some of your workers onto that platform? For multiple job opportunities, and also we can see that it's multi-scenario deployment. Actually that we, this is a national-wide strategy, and we basically will provide for our workers for multi-job opportunities. But for these workers possibly, and they does not have this kind of skill or capability, so we have online training system and together equipped with inside coaching. So with these two systems, we will help them to adapt them to the new job opportunities and help them to get the income, more income. Besides of that, I know we have a, called is, Screening. Screening. Screening system. Yeah. We have a screen system on Q4 Plus. This screen system will help to record, and this, this personnel, and their qualification, and their skill set, and their work record in the system. And then we use a kind of like a group of them to help us to identify and match the people to the right jobs. And when these people are in the system being matched, and we will encourage them and provide them with the training program, and now some kind of encouragement, and they will be better, easier, and also be encouraged to work in the new job opportunities. That's how we can keep the more workforce in our platform to have more job opportunities and increasing about 20% over quarter. Yeah. Thank you. Great. Thank you. That's it for me. There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now all disconnect.