 Good day, and ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Chihua's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 This time, all participants are in the listen-only mode.
 After the management's prepared remarks, there will be a Q&A session.
 Today's conference call is being recorded.
 If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's conference call, Mr. Eric Yuwan.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, operator.
 Hello, everyone. Welcome to Chihuo's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 The company's results were released early today and available on our website.
 On the call today are Leslie Yu, Chairman and CEO, co-founder Barry Ba and CFO Andrew
 Leslie will review business operations and the company highlights, followed by Sandra
 who will discuss financials and guidance.
 They will be available to answer your questions in the Q&A session that follows.
 Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this code may contain
 the code.
 looking statements made under the
 safe harbor provisions of the private
 to security
 and invasion
 Act of 1995.
 Such statements are based on management current expectations
 and current market and operating conditions
 and relate to the events.
 that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors,
 of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the company's control,
 which may course the company's actual results, performance, and achievements
 to differ materially from those in the forelooking statements.
 Further information regarding leads and other risks and certainties and factors is included in the company's findings with the U.S. SEC.
 The company does not undertake any obligation to update any forelooking statement as a result
 of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required and or lower.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Leslie Yu.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you, Eric, and thank you all for joining our third quarter 2021 earnings call.
 We are pleased to report another strong quarter.
 The total revenues grow by 44% year-over-year, reaching IMB 1.1 billion.
 in line with our prior guidance.
 All of our three main business lines on demand for delivery, mobility, and housekeeping solutions
 or enjoy the continued strong demand with our top-line growth outpacing set of the
 industry.
 Now, let me walk you through our key business performance in Q3.
 First, let's look at our biggest revenue contributor.
 on-demand delivery business.
 Its revenue reached IMB 1.05 billion, up 38% year-over-year, exceeding the IMB 1 billion
 for the first time.
 For Q3, the aggregate number of delivery orders were 159 million, up 59 year-over-year.
 rate with clearly faster than the industrial average, showing our ability to quickly gain
 market share.
 This impressive result in our own demand for delivery business was enabled by our strategy
 to aggressively penetrate into new cities
 and expand our service network.
 By Q3, we provided our on-demand delivery services in 1,231 business circles across
 of 87 cities nationwide.
 held with 1067 business circles across 70 cities in the same period in 2020.
 In addition, we expand our coverage of serving chain merchants directly, including supermarkets
 and the Qing restaurants.
 This so-called new retail business gained a strong momentum in Q3.
 We believe that the COVID-19 containment measures across China served as a positive catalyst
 for our clients in metro areas to adopt new ways
 to purchase living necessities.
 They place orders online and get instant delivery offline.
 These positions work very well in capturing new business opportunities in this
 burgeoning segment.
 as evidenced by our community and grocery delivery.
 Enjoying explosive growth in Q3 with revenue up 262% year-over-year.
 Furthermore, our expanded network is enabling
 Chihua to sustain our leading position on business scale and service quality while also
 improve our operational efficiencies and cost structure.
 Moving to our housekeeping solutions business, Q3 revenues increased 538% year-over-year
 to IMB, 21 million.
 with the GMV of RMB for the 62 million.
 We are pleased to announce that our housekeeping solution has become our second largest business line.
 For our mobility business,
 This strategic segment continued its strong growth in Q3 with revenues reaching RMB 34.6
 medium.
 364, 65%
 year over year, and
 a 35% quarter over quarter.
 Besides share bike ride-hailing starting July this year, we launched our free service for
 industry customers by fulfilling end-to-end intercity and the long-distance transportation
 others.
 believes this is a very promising
 business with a huge market potential.
 All above reflected our growing brand awareness and resulting in market share gains in this
 lucrative category.
 Let me now provide another update
 on our exciting multi-scenario deployment,
 which enables gig workers to have multiple jobs
 our platform to optimize their overall income.
 In Q3, the cumulative number of workers
 who engaged in two or more types of jobs on our platform,
 reached about 22,700, increasing 28% quarter-over-quarter.
 Female workers accounted for 16% of the total group, increasing from 10% in the previous
 For riders with an average monthly income of at least 5,000 RMB, they represented more
 than 54,000 workers, accounting for 51% of total group, flat with the previous quarter.
 In Q3, we would like also to highlight the importance of our aggressive investment in
 Q3.
 was technology platform.
 reflected by the doubling of our R&D research and development expenses from a year ago.
 We believe these expenditures will enhance our competitiveness by improving operational
 efficiency and service quality while expanding our services to more sectors.
 A clear illustration of our progress on the technology front is a rollout this quarter
 of our new net-fix platform, including a new family-oriented housekeeping services.
 Our goal is to extend our world-class housekeeping services capabilities from hotels and restaurants
 to direct it to home and the communities.
 the market size of which is expanded to reach the trading IMD level.
 platform integrates intelligent inspection, robots, and sensors to monitor water and electricity
 consumption, which can effectively reduce labor cost or property management and improve
 efficiency and service quality.
 With the adoption of the smart system by more property management companies, we will set
 up service stations near communities and fully utilize resources of workers at hotels and
 property management companies within five kilometers of service stations.
 Meanwhile, through cooperation with more property management companies, we can also mobilize
 our existing housekeeping workforce, and our infrastructures to engage in the community
 housekeeping services, creating a win-win solution for all parties.
 Finally, let me talk about our continued efforts in driving profitability in Q3.
 In spite of the operating constraints from the strict COVID-19 content measures and
 with heightened competition.
 We were still able to achieve our RMB 19 million net income result in Q3.
 compared with a net loss of RMB 10 million in the same period last year.
 Adjusted net income for Q3 was R&B 28 million.
 The results reflected our commitment to sustainable profitability as we continued to advance our
 look at it.
 business model.
 This concludes my prepared marks.
 I will now turn the call over to our C4 center
 and who will discuss our financial results for the third quarter.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Leslie.
 Hello, everyone. Welcome to Chihuahua third quarter 2021.
 Please be reminded that
 all month coaches here will be
 unless they did otherwise.
 For this quarter, our total revenues were $1,100 and $5.5 million, representing an increase
 of 43.7% year-over-year, primarily due to the rapid growth of our major business lines.
 from on-demand delivery solutions were $1,047 million, representing an increase of $0.38
 percent from
 758.8 million in third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the increase in the number of delivery
 orders we fulfilled as a result of the industry growth as our continued penetration and expansion
 into new geographic markets.
 Revenues from mobility service solutions consisting of shared bike maintenance, ride heating and
 equipment.
 survey solutions were 34.6 million, representing an increase of 364.5% from 7.4 million in
 third quarter of 2020.
 primarily due to our enlarged customer base
 and the survey scope for share-by maintenance solutions
 and the commencement of free service solutions
 in July 2021.
 Revenues from Housekeeping and Accommodation Solutions were $21.9 million, representing
 significant increase of 538% from 3.4 million in the third quarter of 2020, primarily because
 we enlarge our customer base
 for housekeeping and accommodation solutions to include the hotels and the BFBs following
 our acquisition of Lila and the 10-2-hole.
 cost of revenues were
 1,055.1 million
 represents an increase of 53.2% year-over-year,
 primarily due to our business expansion
 which resulted in increased costs proportionate to our revenue growth and the incremental
 Hiring expenses and equipment costs to expand the workforce on our platform and secure a
 program.
 additional resources in preparation for the anticipated increased demand of our solutions
 and our continuous business expansion plan in the first quarter.
 and administrative expenses were $56.2 million representing a decrease of $45.6 from $103.2
 million in the third quarter of last year.
 The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in share-based compensation expenses from
 72 million in the third quarter of last year to 9.1 million in the quarter of this year
 primarily because we incurred substantial share-based compensation expenses in the third quarter
 of 2020 as we have satisfied the performance conditions of our shared incentive awards
 upon completion of our initial public offering them,
 including share-based compensation expenses.
 General and administrative expenses increased by 51% year-over-year, primarily due to the
 increase in staff cost in line with the rapid growth of our housekeeping solutions and professional
 service fees and expenditures in connection with our business expansion plan.
 Our research and the development expenses were $6.3 million, representing an increase
 of 180.9 brown, 3 million in the third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the incurrence of
 or sourcing expenses to develop a new subsystem for our housekeeping solutions and the increase
 in stop cost as we enlarge our
 our research
 and the development team.
 The operating loss was 19.3 million compared to operating loss of 24 million in third quarter
 of last year, excluding
 being share-based compensation expenses.
 the adjusted operating system.
 operating loss was $10.2 million compared to adjusted operating profit of $48 million
 in the third quarter of 2020.
 We recorded other income net of 39.2 million compared to other income net of 32.1 million
 in the third quarter of 2020.
 probably due to the increase in fair value change
 of investment in a mutual fund.
 We also recorded income tax benefits of 0.8 million
 compared to income tax expenses of 15.8 million
 in the third quarter of 2020,
 primarily due to the lower estimated annual effective tax rate for the third quarter of
 of 2021.
 That adjusted EBITDA was $35.1 million compared to adjusted EBITDA of $85.1 million in third
 quarter of 2020, the adjusted net income was $28.2 million compared to adjusted net income
 of $61.3 million in third quarter of 2020.
 For the balance sheet, as of September 30, 2021, we had cash, short-term investment,
 and the restricted cash of $257.1 million, the short-term debt of $140.6 million.
 Now move to our financial outlook for the next quarter. For the first quarter of 2021, we expect
 The total revenues should be in the range of $1,050 million to $1,150 million, representing
 increase of 20.6% to 32% year-over-year.
 The forecast reflects our current and the preliminary views on the market and its operational conditions, which is subject to change.
 I think this concludes our prepared remarks.
 Thank you for your attention.
 attention. We are now happy to take your
 questions.
 please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press the pound or hash key.
 Once again, if you wish to ask a question, you may press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 Your first question comes from Dylan Heslin from Roth Capital Partner.
 please ask your question.
 Hi.
 Hi, good morning, good afternoon.
 Hope everyone's doing well.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 First, I know some of the other gig economy companies in China
 talked about some weakness in consumer demand from both
 the covid variant of delta and then some some flooding and other macro impacts um did you guys
 see anything similar in 3q and so has any of any of those trends normal eyes
 for 4Cube.
 Thank you.
 Hi, this is Leslie, and even though the COVID-19
 and contain the measurement across the whole of our China.
 We can see, we capture the business opportunity
 and we have very strong growth.
 So compared with our, according to our growth,
 we consider that the market for on-demand delivery and for housekeeping and for mobility
 is still very strong and we expect that the Q4 as indicated by Sandra in the financial
 outlook.
 We're still expanding that will be huge demand and we will maintain this growth.
 there will be like stream festival followed up by Q4.
 Q4, so we mainly focused on the profitability driven in Q4, but we expected that the demand
 but for the service and for the revenue growth is still strong.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 And secondly, your gross margins were a little bit under pressure again in 3Q,
 down a bit more from TQ versus what they were last year.
 how much of that is
 one time in nature from some
 of the platform expenses you
 incurred to grow in terms
 of technology and hardware
 and then what sort of like
 a steady state
 forward
 gross margin outlook for
 for Q and beyond.
 I would like to explain the reason why the cross-profit is a little bit down in Q3.
 that is because
 we
 we have
 recruits
 a lot of
 stuff, preparing
 for this Q4 because we are already expecting very strong growth compared with last year.
 In overall, it's about 80% growth compared with last year.
 So for this coming winter, we need to prepare people in advance
 because in this year, particularly, in the market,
 to the labor
 is more
 supply of the laborers
 compared with
 the last few years
 you some
 relatively limited
 So we have to get more people on board with us, prepared for the Q4.
 Also, because we are facing some extreme weather according to the forecast for this winter,
 So we prepared for our winter equipment a little bit early and it's a food
 impairment.
 in Q3.
 That's a reason why we – the liberal cost has been increased in our operational cost
 to produce one-off investment in the winter equipment
 also in the labor
 recruitment cost.
 I'm not a person.
 I can give you a large picture of the first quarter gross profit margin.
 We expect the margin will be better than this quarter.
 Thank you.
 Got it.
 Thank you, that's helpful.
 One more, if I may.
 Can you sort of talk a little bit more about the multi-city deployment?
 what's your go-to-market
 strategy there like how do you
 select which
 which sent these
 I'm not
 I'm sorry, not multi-city, multi-service.
 Which cities get the multi-service and how do you onboard some of your workers onto that platform?
 And for multiple job opportunities, and also we consider this multi-scenario deployment.
 Actually, this is a nationwide strategy, and we basically will provide for our workers
 information.
 the job opportunities.
 But for this worker, possibly, and they does not have this kind of skill or capability,
 So we have online chaining system and together equipped it with inside coaching.
 So with these two systems, we will help them to adapt them to the new job opportunities
 and help them to get the income, more income.
 The size of that, I know we have a call is
 ...
 Screaming at me.
 Screen system, yeah.
 We have a screen system of QiHuo Plus.
 This screen system will help to record and this personnel and their qualification and
 their skill set,
 and on their work record in the system.
 and we use a kind of like
 to help us to identify and match the people to the right jobs.
 And when these people are in the system being matched and we will encourage them and provide
 them with the training program.
 and some kind of encouragement
 and they will be better, easier, and also be encouraged to work in the new job opportunities.
 That's how we can keep the more workforce in our platform to have more job opportunities
 and increasing about 28 cent quarter over quarter.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Great. Thank you. That's it for me.
 There are no further questions at this time.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now all disconnect.