 Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to today's Le Grand 2021 Nine-Month Results Conference Call.
 All participants are in listen-only mode.
 later, there will be a question and answer session. For information, this
 conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the call over to CEO
 Mr. Benoît Acocard, and see you for Mr. Frank Lébry.
 Sir, please go ahead.
 Thank you
 Good morning, everybody.
 Thank you, everybody.
 Ronan and myself are happy to welcome you to the Le Grand 2021 Nine Month Result Conference Call and Webcast.
 We have published today, as usual, our press release, financial statements, and a slideshow to which we will refer.
 Those documents are available on the Legrand website.
 Please note that this conference call is recorded and webcasted.
 After a few opening remarks, Frank and I will comment into more detail the 2021 nine months' results.
 I begin on page four of the deck with two key takeaways.
 and supplies.
 supply chains that have
 intensified
 Le Grand recorded a strong rise in financial results in the first nine months of the year.
 sales grew plus 15% year-on-year and plus 5.7% over two years,
 Driven by a strong organic rise of plus 16% over one year or plus 4.4% over two years.
 Adjusted operating margin came to 21.4% of sales, and net profit rose plus 42% from the
 first nine months of 2020, or plus 12% from the same year of 2019.
 These very good results testify once again to the soundness and rhythm of a unique model
 for value creation
 and confirm our continued capacity to improve competitive positions on our markets despite strong headwinds.
 Second takeaway, given the solid showings recorded in the first nine months of the year,
 but also significant pressure on supply chains
 with a volatile pandemic environment.
 we are specifying the full year 2021 targets.
 Getting now into DTS, we are moving to page six, diving first into Seth Threats.
 Over nine months, sales grow strongly in all regions.
 Organic growth reached a significant plus 16% at double-digit levels in both metro countries
 with plus 13.2% and new economies with plus 24.7%.
 over two years, organic
 He said,
 Groot plus
 4.4%.
 Strong performance confirms
 le grand continued capacity to improve
 its competitive positions on its markets
 Precious
 built
 on supply chains, especially in the third quarter.
 At the end of September, this performance is notably driven by good demand in residential
 as well as sales in faster expanding segments,
 namely data centers, connective solutions, and our energy efficiency programs.
 This is for organic growth.
 Acquisitions contributed to an increase in sales of plus 2.7%,
 and exchange rates had a negative impact of minus 3.4%
 over the first nine-month period.
 Applying September average Forex rates to the rest of the year,
 This exchange rate effect should theoretically be about minus 2.5% in 2021 at a whole.
 Let's now move to page 7 to go into more details regarding the lifelike evolution of cells by geographical zone.
 In Europe, organic sales grew plus 21.8% in the first nine months of 2021.
 In Europe's metro countries, growth was plus 22.3%,
 including plus 4.3% in the third quarter alone.
 Over nine months, the steep rise
 recorded
 included strong showings
 in France
 and Italy, with many commercial successes,
 notably in faster expanding segments.
 Sales in Europe's new economies were up plus 19.2%, including plus 11.9% in the third quarter alone,
 with very good showings in Turkey and Eastern Europe over nine months.
 Moving now to North and Central America, organic sales increased plus 7.9% in the first nine months.
 In the U.S. alone, the organic rise in sales was plus 6%,
 with a slight decline of minus 0.9% over the third quarter alone.
 Over nine months, these trends reflect a marked serious increase in solutions for data centers
 and residential spaces, while demand for other non-residential spaces grew slightly.
 let me now move to the last zone
 with
 rest of the world
 where organic cells
 rose
 plus 22.4% over nine months.
 Asia-Pacific says
 increased plus 18.9%
 including plus 5.4% in the third quarter alone.
 over the nine months period
 China and India both grew double digits.
 In Africa and the Middle East, sales rose plus 16.6%, with plus 5.7% in the third quarter alone.
 The region's nine-month performance was wide, buoyed, supported by strong gains in Africa.
 In South America, sales increased plus 43.1% with plus 22.8% in the third quarter alone,
 reflecting continued significant
 growth in main countries.
 These were the key elements on sales.
 I am now passing the mic to Franck for an overview of our financial performance.
 Thank you, Benoit, and good morning to all of you.
 I hope you're doing well.
 going to page 8 now
 Adjusted operating margin before acquisitions in the first nine months stood at 21.6%,
 meaning an increase of plus 2.9 points from the end of September 2020.
 20. Inflation in raw materials and components reached nearly plus 10% over the nine-month
 period
 a nearly plus
 15% in the
 third quarter alone.
 Despite its significant inflation, our profitability increased, reflecting, in particular,
 and the start of the year.
 and expenses together with group pricing initiatives.
 after acquisitions the adjusted operating margin for the first nine months of 2021
 was 21.4 percent setting the adjusted operating profit just over 1.1 billion euros or up plus
 31.5% from the first nine months of 2020.
 Now to page 9, regarding the net profit attributable to the group.
 At 699 million euros, it grew plus 41.7% compared with the first nine months of 2020.
 the main driver
 is the strong growth recorded in the operating profit.
 Trend in the financial results is also favorable.
 and these positive items were partially offset
 by an increase in value of corporate income tax
 While the corporate tax rate was slightly down from the first nine months of 2020 at 28.5%.
 Moving now to page 10 with a few comments on cash and balance sheet.
 As a percentage of sales, cash flow from operation was up plus 2.3 points.
 at 19.7% of sales, above 1 million euros.
 it's driven first by the rise
 cash flow from operation
 and, second, as expected, an increase in working capital requirement.
 and then the free cash flow stood at a solid 15% of sales
 in the first nine months of 2021.
 Now, when normalizing working capital-current variations, on the right-hand side of the
 side of the slide.
 The normalized free cash flow stands at 859 million euros or 16.6% of sales in the first nine months.
 One last point I wanted to share on this slide.
 end of September,
 le grand successfully
 issued its first
 Sustainability Link Bond Index
 it's sorry
 We indexed it on our carbon neutrality trajectory, and this trajectory is validated by the SBTI.
 This concludes the key topics on our first nine months' strong financial performance.
 and I'm now passing the mic back to Benoit.
 Thank you, Frank.
 Moving now to the second part of the presentation regarding the 2021 full year targets that we are specifying today.
 We are on page 12 of the deck.
 Given solid showings in the first nine months of the year,
 but also significant pressure on supply chains with a volatile pandemic environment.
 Le Grand is now aiming for the following full-year targets.
 organic growth in sales
 of between plus 11% and plus 13% compared to at least plus 10% previously.
 a scope of consolidation effect of nearly plus 3%,
 an adjusted operating margin of between 20.0% and 20.5% of sales, including acquisitions
 consolidated in 2021
 compared to about 20% previously,
 the group also aims to achieve
 at least
 100% of its CSR on-map
 for 2021, testifying
 to its ongoing deployment
 of a bold, exemplary approach to ESG
 with a particular focus on the fight against global warming
 and the promotion of diversity.
 Let's now move to the last part of the presentation.
 We are on page 14.
 14, to come back briefly on our last CMD, where we reaffirmed our ambition to accelerate
 value creation.
 As you can see on the left-hand side,
 Le grand strategic roadmap
 is supported by
 the strong pillars of a unique
 business model and by our solid integrated
 defamance.
 these strong assets.
 we accélérer
 growth initiatives, in particular in what we name Faster Expanding Segments.
 We target to raise the share of group sales made in these promising fields
 from 31% in 2020 to 50% in the mid-term.
 Going to page 15, a few additional words on two important aspects of our strategic roadmap.
 First, we will continue to build on our performance-driven
 and close-to-market organization leveraging operational excellence, talent promotion,
 and strong employee engagement, which stood at 80% this year,
 rising strongly
 from 2017 results.
 Secondly, we intend to keep on deploying a bold and exemplary approach to ESG,
 which, as you know, is driven by demanding CSR roadmaps
 with a fifth one starting in 2022.
 I am now moving to slide 16.
 we have confirmed
 or mid-term targets regarding gross margin cash flow and ESG.
 In terms of capital allocation, Le Grand will continue its balanced policy,
 dedicating more than half of free cash flow to Bolton acquisitions on average,
 while maintaining an average dividend payout ratio of about 50%.
 As you know, the full event presentation and the replay podcast can be found on our website.
 Franck, Ronan and I are now ready to open to questions. Thank you.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 And if you have a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad.
 we have a few questions from
 Daniel Costa from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
 Hi.
 Good morning.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 I have three questions.
 They're relatively quick, I hope.
 First, I wanted to ask you regarding if you could comment a little bit in terms of your
 if you see them restocking
 how sell-in versus sell-out
 I know in the past you've commented on that.
 Second, on your inventory buildup in Q3, can you talk about how much of that is just finished goods waiting to get out of the door because of supply chain issues?
 And then the final point, just checking regarding restructuring, Q3 in terms of restructuring expenses was relatively low.
 So when you look into Q4, do you see any need to raise that
 given, like, the situation that you mentioned in terms of supply chain,
 or shall we assume it remains relatively low going forward.
 Thank you.
 Hello, Daniela.
 So on the first question, I'm sure that our distributors would like to build some inventory,
 but given the constraints on the supply chain, I think they can hardly do so.
 So, no, we haven't seen significant change in their inventory in 2021,
 and they are not able, unfortunately, to build back some inventory.
 Now, it compares, 2021 compares to a situation where the level of inventory in 2020 was very low.
 So even with the current level of inventory and even without building back some inventory,
 there is some positive impact on the top line
 coming from
 from inventory, but again,
 I don't believe that their level of infantry is particularly high.
 they would be happy and pleased
 to build back some inventory
 and, unfortunately, they cannot.
 But as far as our own inventory, well, it's coming back to normal.
 we had a level of inventory
 which was very low in H1
 given the very strong surge in demand and in sales, which was somehow unexpected, and
 effort to answer to the demand.
 So it's now coming back to normal.
 so it has a mechanical
 let's say
 negative impact on our
 networking capital
 which we expected to happen
 and we clearly
 guided the market when we released
 our H1 number saying, be aware that as far as the networking capital is concerned, the
 Free cash flow is concerned.
 the situation
 we
 have
 somehow deteriorate a little bit in H2
 compared to each one.
 So it was completely expected, but it's more coming back to normal than building a lot of imagery.
 Now, let's make things clear.
 if we have the ability to build further inventory
 In order to cope with the difficulty to get components and raw materials, we will.
 In other words, the strategy for Q3 and Q4, probably going into 2020, is to do whatever it takes to serve our customers, even at the expense of extra inventory.
 Unfortunately, it's a bit difficult given the current scarcity of resource,
 but we will not hesitate in building a bit more inventory if needed to better serve our customers.
 structuring is concerned.
 I think that
 As of the year of September, our level of restructuring is about 18 million euros,
 which compared to
 55 million euros
 or 17, sorry, 17 million euros,
 compared to 55 million euros at the end of last year.
 The key message is that we are coming back in 2021 to a sort of normal level of restructuring, i.e. a level of restructuring between, let's say, 20 to 30 million euros, or 20 to 25 million euros, which is a sort of historical level of restructuring.
 So you shouldn't expect anything exceptional in Q4.
 it should be more or less
 in line with what we have done so far since the beginning of the year.
 last year level of restructuring
 was sort of exceptional, given, of course, the crisis.
 I have to specify that the numbers I'm giving you are excluding the sales of assets.
 And you remember that last year in Q1, we sold a big asset, I think, for 15 million euros in South America.
 so 17 million
 at the end of September
 20 to 25
 or 30 million euros
 for the full year, the Q4, which should be consistent with the rest of the year.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 next question from
 Daniel Lebray from Deutsche Bank.
 Go ahead.
 Yes, good morning, everybody.
 thanks for the questions
 or the opportunity
 you're giving me, you ask her questions.
 look on the
 if I look at the
 performance in Q3, the
 organic cells
 on a two-year basis
 were up 4%
 But then if I look at the midpoint of your guidance, it implies that in the fourth quarter, the organic sales would actually be down by about 3% on the same two-year basis.
 So, I mean, why do you guide for such a sequential deterioration?
 in
 In particular, did you see some disruption from supply chain challenges going into the
 fourth quarter. More disruption actually than there was already in Q3.
 Well, in...
 It is true that the plus 11% to plus 13% organic growth for the full year
 imply Q4, which would be over one year
 between minus 2.7% and plus 4.7%.
 And over two years, between a strong decrease to almost a stability.
 So this is the range we are shooting for the plus 11 to plus 13%.
 And as you are rightly mentioning, the big uncertainty is coming from the supply chain.
 The situation has clearly deteriorated in Q3 on many fronts.
 It has become
 increasingly difficult to get
 of Electronic Components, for example,
 it does become
 increasingly difficult
 to get containers and transportation capabilities or capability to get the goods out of the custom
 quickly in a number of um of places um and it has also um you know been the case for for more
 mon tradition rebataillant.
 So the situation has deteriorated.
 how it is in Q4, but this is the big uncertainty, let's say, between the plus 11 and the plus 13%.
 Now, I believe that the plus 11, to make things clear, is somehow a bit conservative.
 and it's really the low end of the guidance
 and it assumed a very strong deterioration in the supply chain in Q4,
 which may not happen
 But this is a clear, let's say, variable or input that can change a bit the profile of the Q4 compared to Q3.
 Last word, beyond the supply chain constraints, don't forget that Q4 2019 was a very strong quarter.
 so when you compare
 over the two-year period.
 But yes, Q4 2020 was not very strong as such, but Q4 2019 was very strong, both in terms
 of absolute growth
 and in terms of, you know, comparison with our peers, especially in North America.
 So it may also negatively impact the Q4 2021 performance.
 Okay, thanks for this.
 maybe a
 longer-term
 equation
 At the CMD, you highlighted that you were seeing some new growth opportunities emerging in the past COVID world with, for example, the upgrade of meeting rooms for hybrid meetings, including both virtual and in-person capabilities.
 And that was something you were seeing, increasing the value of the low-ground products per meeting room by a factor of nearly 10 times.
 So could you elaborate a little bit on this upsell potential in the office market?
 Is this a marginal trend or do you really see today already a lot of inquiries on this?
 And what's your guess on, you know, the proportion of meeting rooms that could potentially be upgraded in the next five to ten years?
 I know it's a difficult,
 uh,
 question to
 to answer to, but any help on this would be appreciated.
 well it's indeed quite a difficult question to answer
 well, it was
 it was a midterm comment not a comment for the next uh couple of quarters um and i think that
 the first
 the priority is for people
 to get back to the office, which again
 is not the case
 everywhere,
 If you look at the big metros in the U.S., for example, the wall from home is still a
 pregnant in May, we're still still
 prevalent in many
 places
 so
 So I could hardly tell you that we have done an analysis in the pending quotes saying that
 there is a structural change
 uh in the value of office space so it was more mid-term command than a short-term command now we
 We are very confident it will happen.
 It is supported by a number of requests and trends from people.
 for example the fact that
 office spaces we need to be greener
 There is a COP26 currently happening with the U.S. coming back to the table.
 It is sure that this will help.
 The fact that more and more spaces will need to be connected to support AV conferencing or remote conferencing is a fact.
 The fact that you will need more and more connectivity, whether wired or wireless, to accommodate for more needs.
 it's a fact, the fact that the number of people
 we require
 not only to have a desk to work
 but also a number of, you know, not more than before.
 It would also happen.
 So,
 so,
 France will somehow materialize.
 Frankly speaking, I have no, you know,
 precise number to tell you, to tell you,
 X or Y percent of his space will need to be remodeled for an additional value of Y.
 So we'll see, if I may say.
 it's not yet happening
 because this is a long-term trend,
 But we are very confident that it will materialize.
 Okay. Thanks very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question from André Kirkland from Credit Suisse.
 Good morning.
 Thank you very much for taking my questions.
 Can I please start with extending the math that Gail ran on your organic growth rates
 and what's implied for Q4 to the implied profitability for the fourth quarter,
 because if my master's right
 then even at the top end of your organic growth and margin guide,
 you're implying around 17.5% margin for Q4, down 200 basis points year on year.
 so I just wanted to check if that
 maths is right and
 would love to hear your
 reasoning
 behind it
 as well
 Does the math are all?
 almost right um our guidance imply a q4 in terms of adjusted operating uh ebit um
 all-in, including acquisitions
 between 15.3% in the low end of the guidance,
 up to 17.9%
 in the upper end of the cadence.
 Right.
 Well,
 Three comments.
 Number one, 17.9% is never seen.
 Q4 margins
 are always lower than the rest of the year.
 It's a seasonality topic, and if you look at the past five years,
 margins around 18% or let's say 18 to 18.5% were never seen.
 In 2015, Q4 margin was 18.4%.
 In 2016, it was 18.1%.
 So, you know, structurally, let's say our Q4 margins are lower than our nine-month margin,
 and 18% EBIT margin is nothing I've ever seen.
 Number two.
 happening since the beginning of the year
 which is not a surprise to you
 between
 setting
 for
 and purchase price, which worsened in Q3.
 maybe I can give you the precise
 precise number
 in
 the first
 nine months
 of the year
 uh
 purchase price
 increased by close to
 10%
 And selling price were up plus 2.7%.
 And those numbers were 7% for the purchase price in H1 and plus 1.9% for the selling price.
 So it implies a Q3, which is at nearly plus 15% as far as purchase price is concerned,
 and plus 4.3% as far as selling price.
 So you remember I told you in July that in H2, we would have the purchase price, which would be a double digit and the selling price, which would be between two and four percent.
 Well, it's more than double digits, if I may say, well, it's double digits, but it's probably more than expected.
 it's plus 15%
 for purchase price
 And as a result, we did some pricing at the upper end of the sort of guidance I gave you, plus 4.3%.
 What to expect in Q4?
 with
 purchase price will probably be
 at the level of Q3 or even worse.
 you could very much put in your estimate that the purchase price could be comprised between the plus
 15 and 20% even though we have
 no crystal balls
 this is the order of magnitude we could expect, and the setting price should be approximately
 be at the same level as
 the one we recorded in Q3.
 So it will be something around the plus 4% plus, let's say.
 So if you take those two numbers, and I remind you that Robatelian components represent about one-third of our cells,
 you can see the sort of squeeze we are
 we are
 we are currently experiencing.
 so this is the reason why
 you know
 having
 seven
 17.9% EBIT margin only in Q4 or less than that is not something which is out of the probability
 and it's very much consistent with the squeeze we have in front of us,
 even though, of course, we are doing many things.
 we have
 son
 the
 to Turing Chargers, which
 as pointed out by Daniella
 will be ours last year.
 so we have many things that will partially compensate for that,
 but the squeeze is significant.
 Third comment, the difference between the low end of the margin guidance
 and the high end of the margin cadence is clearly coming from the top line.
 And whether you have, let's say, a minus 3% in Q4 or plus 5% in Q4,
 of course, does not have the same impact on the margin.
 so the top line
 evolution in Q4 will be
 driving force
 be behind
 the 20% to 20.5% EBIT margin that we are shooting for.
 Thank you very much for such a comprehensive answer.
 I really appreciate all the details you've given.
 just one more question
 the conscious time
 Could I ask, in the rest of the world,
 you've seen a really healthy acceleration
 on kind of two-year stack basis in Q3 versus Q2 or H1.
 Could you talk about maybe what regions or maybe product lines, what drove that and how sustainable it is, please?
 No.
 Well,
 so it's
 Rest of the world over two years.
 So, the rest of the world, it is true that the quarter is plus 8.7%, and the nine months
 So it's plus 6.4%.
 So, yes, indeed, you have a bit of acceleration.
 I could
 hardly say that it's a big acceleration
 and it's mostly
 coming from India
 which is a positive single digit over two years in Q3,
 and which is still negative single digit over nine months.
 over two years.
 So you remember that in India, the COVID crisis is more 2021 H1 topic than 2020 topic,
 as opposed to most of the rest of the world
 So India has progressively recovered from the COVID crisis, as many countries did last year.
 and again
 it represents most of the change
 interest, let's say, between
 H1 and Q3
 if you look at the other
 places
 Africa is doing also very well
 Both in Q3 and in nine months.
 China is doing very well, both in Q3 and in nine months.
 All my comments are over two years, of course, and rest America also.
 the place which is a bit more
 difficult is the Middle East
 which is down over nine months
 and over Q3 or over two years.
 So to make a long story short,
 it's good
 all across the zone except in the list
 and the changing trend
 between H1 and Q3
 is mostly coming from India.
 Very helpful.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 next question from on has really from
 I'm J.P. Morgan.
 Good morning, Bernouin and Franck.
 Thanks for the time.
 I wanted to follow up on the guidance discussions we've had.
 We are in early November already, and you assume in your range
 a pretty material further deterioration in the supply chain.
 So maybe you could comment what you have seen in October so far
 and how much visibility you do normally have in terms of components stock at hand and so on.
 would this imply a dramatic
 duration basically
 into the year end
 to get to the middle or the lower end of the range,
 or have you already seen a further deterioration in October?
 That's my first question.
 well
 You know the rules of the game, Andreas, so no, I will not comment on October.
 Burr, but again, just
 the
 You know, looking at Q3, I can confirm that the situation is tough to give you orders.
 I mean, to give you sort of a feeling of what we are facing in front of us,
 We had, for example, to reallocate a couple of our...
 and with some of our R&D team to do a sort of redesign to supply.
 So to start redesigning a number of products, to incorporate components that were more available
 than the one that the products currently have.
 we have
 force of
 supply chain people
 meeting weekly
 on the
 topics, we have
 daily discussions
 with our suppliers
 so no
 it does
 it
 It was in Q3 particularly difficult.
 We have probably lost a couple of tens of million euros of sales.
 difficult to be more precise in terms of quantification because well because you
 same time you probably had a couple of distributors who ordered a bit more than they needed when you
 want to make sure to get
 10 products
 you tend to order 15 or 20
 as a result
 you think
 you are
 the
 more
 more sure, if I may say, to get the thing you really need.
 So you have many factors at play, so it's difficult to give you a precise number,
 that we have probably lost a couple of tens of million euros of sales
 of our nine-month-olds.
 uh,
 Yes, plus 11. Assume that there would be a strong deterioration in the situation.
 And as I said a little bit earlier, this is somehow a bit conservative, probably.
 so no
 I cannot be more specific in October.
 you have the rules of the game
 we are not commenting months
 we are commenting quotas.
 Thank you.
 And my second question is on North America.
 maybe you could give a little bit more
 granularity on the trends
 there in terms of volume
 grows where volumes are now versus
 two years ago. I assume the US has also seen, or North America has also seen pretty high price
 increases this year.
 So where are volumes versus 2019, and what are you seeing or have seen in Q3 sequentially
 in terms of the growth trends and momentum in the market in RAS versus non-RAS.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, well, on a region-by-region basis, but I can tell you that there's absolutely no reason why we would do more price in North America than elsewhere.
 and I saw a couple of releases
 where people
 where we're seeing a price increases of 5%, 7%, 9%.
 This is not the sort of price increase we are seeing in North America.
 so we end up increasing
 braces in North America
 more than elsewhere
 a phase of
 friends are concerned
 not much new things to tell you
 compared to what we told you in H1
 Over nine months, data centers and residential are doing very well over the first nine months of the year,
 with a strong double-digit increase over two years.
 as other non-residential spaces, which represent 60% of our cells, I remind you, they are still
 strongly negative over two years however
 The two-year trend is improving in Q3 compared to H1.
 So the drop-in cells over two years is not as strong in Q3 as it was in H1.
 And the result of that is that there is a slight growth over nine months compared to 2020.
 incest over two years, slight growth over one year, and if you compare H1 to Q3, Q3 is
 better than H1 over two years.
 Well, that's what I can tell you, and there's, again, nothing specific as far as the pricing is concerned in North America,
 neither between the various pieces of our business, residential, non-residential, etc., nor when comparing North America with the rest of the group.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question from Lucy Carrier from Morgan Stanley.
 Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question.
 I have a couple of follow-ups, actually.
 The first one is a follow-up
 on the question from Andreas
 just right now on North America.
 when you speak about
 slide growth in the
 third quarter
 in non-res
 in the U.S.?
 Is it in volume terms or is it in value terms, just so we kind of know what we're talking about?
 Well, it's in value terms.
 Okay, so slight growth in value terms in the third quarter.
 Yeah, so it was in value terms, indeed.
 Are you able to give us an indication of how it might look like in volume terms?
 We're not giving pricing per region.
 now again
 you can assume that
 the pricing we are doing in North America
 is not much different
 from what we're doing
 it's worth
 So you can come to the conclusion by yourself.
 But no, we're not giving precise pricing per region.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 My second question was around the logistic or transportation costs that you are facing.
 are you able to tell us
 kind of how much
 they represent, generally speaking, as a percentage of cells.
 and also when you think about your procurement
 and whether this is procurement of components
 or procurement of finished products,
 How much of that is really dependent on what I would call sea freight rather than just kind of more traditional transportation and specifically coming from Asia into Europe or into the U.S.?
 Well, the...
 Transportation, transportation cost is slightly above 3%,
 It was slightly about 3% of group sales in fiscal year 2020.
 and of course
 the
 it includes
 domestic transportation
 where inflation is pretty reasonable.
 low single digit
 But I see where the inflation could be as high as times four, five, or six for cost of container, for example.
 significant, let's say, flu we have, the big one, is between Asia and the U.S. We already
 discuss that
 two years back
 when we discussed the Trump tariff a year ago
 when we discussed COVID.
 So this is the biggest, let's say, flow of products or components from one continent to another.
 Now, I'm turning to my colleagues.
 Are we able to give more precise breakdown of those 2%?
 Not your weekend
 Frank?
 No, Lucy, unfortunately, we cannot, I don't start that material, but you see 3% of sales is not a lot.
 as Benoit said
 looking out
 footprint, it's more
 domestic transportation
 that what you call the sea flows,
 Intercontinental Flows
 and further
 our products
 moreover the one traveling
 from China to the U.S. are very small products where the...
 the phrase
 percentage of the cost
 like the set of cells, are our minimum.
 So this is why the question is how much the transportation is arming our PNL.
 It's not material today.
 And let's maybe comment as far as an increase in price of transportation.
 It's pretty consistent with what I told you about home materials and components.
 it's a little bit higher than what I told you
 for all materials and components.
 It's a little bit lower for energy, for example,
 but it's pretty consistent.
 Thank you very much.
 very helpful
 and then maybe my last question is
 I guess it's maybe
 of the more theoretical question,
 Do you see across the value chain in construction, whether this is you as a supplier into this market, labor costs and so on,
 Do you see potentially that the price increase
 or the inflation acceptance is becoming more difficult?
 Do you think this is a risk for this industry in terms of demand as, you know, every single bit of cost across the value chain seems to be increasing?
 well
 Well, today I don't see that as a short-term risk because there is such a shortage in components and materials
 that the people are, you know, eager to continue the renovation
 or construction work
 and not really stopped by inflation,
 which probably actually has
 somehow
 negative impacts are on top line which again is difficult to size and to evaluate but when you have
 new wood
 for wooden construction where you have no concrete, for example, you have no wall,
 and when you have no wall, you have no switch to install.
 So this impact is extremely difficult to evaluate, but it's probably happening here and there.
 now of course
 if the construction cost was to increase by, I don't know, 30%, 40%,
 it could potentially
 You are right.
 potentially over the midterm have a negative
 impact on the
 the market itself
 That's not what we are seeing so far, and I believe that part of this negative impact would be more than upset
 by all the positive friends which I already mentioned.
 whatever the cost of the goods,
 If there is a strong political and social willingness to make the buildings greener,
 you know, what if we'd happen?
 you know, whatever the cost
 of Robatel and Koppelens
 If you need to install, you know, a datacom system, I hope to remotely work, you will.
 So I believe that the stress will more than offset any potential, let's say, negative coming from the cost of construction.
 but this being said
 Our price is increasing by 2.9%.
 it's not increasing
 by 10 or 15%.
 And, of course, the price of other inputs is also increasing.
 But today, I don't believe that the price for the total renovation, for example,
 So the price for big construction is increasing by 30, 40, 50 percent.
 and it's not
 something we have never seen to do a price increase of plus 2.9 percent so uh uh sorry
 2.7% or 2.8%.
 So I wouldn't be sure, so theoretically it could happen,
 Frankie speaking
 Number one, given the level of pricing we see today in the market, which is not plus 10, 15 or 20 percent or closer to what we are doing, plus 2.7 percent.
 And number two, all the megatrends which will materialize, I don't believe it will really happen.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Next question is from Supriya Subrimanian from UBS.
 Just go ahead.
 Yes, thank you.
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for giving me the opportunity to ask a question.
 on the
 sort of continuing on the pricing point.
 Just wanted to get your thoughts on, you know, you said that you will potentially continue to take pricing action into fourth quarter as well.
 how much do you see that supporting sales maybe early in 2022?
 and also just wanted to get your thoughts
 on the supply chain issues and supply shortages,
 What is your outlook or thoughts on this situation?
 how do you see that developing, or let's say how long do you expect these constraints to last in the market?
 And maybe last question, a little bit more medium or long term, is related to the European
 region.
 innovation market. Are you starting
 How do you see that developing in the context of the Green Deal as well as the recovery fund?
 And are you starting to see sort of demand and funds flowing into the market now?
 Thank you.
 So, well, clearly there will be a career.
 So, as I said, Q4 pricing should be around plus 4% compared to Q4 2020.
 so pretty much what we did in Q3
 And, of course, this will have a carryover impact into 2022.
 wield the cost of raw materials and components.
 so you have of course a negative impact of source of the price of the input
 Well, it's far too early to discuss 2022.
 to get hence
 we'll do that
 we'll do that in February
 when we release
 our 2021 numbers but of course you know our mid-term guidance which is a five to ten percent
 top line growth
 on average
 per your extreme for an exchange
 and about 20% EBIT, which we repeated and reiterated at the end of September.
 As far as the supply chain constraint, well, I have to do crystal board
 and I have to listen to specialists
 and read at the studies.
 And what most people say is that you have, you know, a very sort of conjunctural thing to the issues,
 which, for example, is about containers and a number of traditional raw materials,
 such as polypropylen, and most people say that this should ease in the coming months
 or quotas,
 But most of the specialists also expect the semiconductor issue
 and the electronic component issue to last until the beginning of 2023,
 because it would take time for a semiconductor specialist
 to build capacities, extra capacities, additional capacities to answer to the demand.
 So that's what most people say.
 Transportation and traditional raw materials and components,
 It should be a matter of months and for electronic companies, it should last a little bit longer than that.
 As far as the third question is concerned, well, it's too early to see the European innovation wave.
 We see a number of, you know, initiatives locally taken by local governments, such as,
 for example, in France, and we see similar initiatives in a number of countries, including
 Italy, but the big of the so-called
 innovation wave is still to come and it's more a topic for the years to come than a 2021 topic as
 you know,
 It always takes a bit of time between the time initiative is announced, is structured,
 then it is voted by the open parliament
 then it is voted by the local parliament
 and then the flow of money is getting into the market.
 So the innovation markets were pretty positively oriented in 2021,
 one, but it's not coming from any stimulus plan, it's coming from the fact that following
 the lockdowns, a lot
 of people decided to renovate their home because they felt that it would become not only a place
 where they would like to live,
 but also that's a place where they would need to be remotely connected
 to their doctors, to their office, and so on and so forth.
 So, renovation is pretty well-oriented in 2020, but it's not coming from the Renovation Wave or the Fit for 55 or any of those programs.
 it's coming mostly from the need of individuals and to a certain and lower extent from local
 incentive plans
 that were launched one or two years back.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Next question from James Small from Wedburn. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good morning everyone. Benoit Frank. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two if I can
 Maybe do them one at a time. Lots of my questions have been asked about price and raw maps
 So maybe I could shift to mix.
 You've often had the strategy of getting positive mix impact on sales from trading up over time.
 I wondered if you could comment on how Mick's impact to sales looked in the first nine months
 and whether that was in line with historic trends.
 Well, you know that for us,
 it's always difficult to identify a mix we have on one hand pricing which we can you know
 quantify and measure very accurately, and then we have volume and mix,
 and it's a bit difficult to split
 You can put them in a mix.
 And we are doing the analysis over nine months.
 So it's difficult for me to answer.
 What I can tell you is that when we look at the various product families,
 the sectors
 which we identified as, or labelled as, faster expanding segments.
 idiot
 Thank you.
 products, data centers, and the green programs grew faster than the rest of our product industry.
 Now, I have no more precise number to tell you.
 we haven't seen
 For example, given the increasing price of products, customers would shift from added value products to simpler or accessed products.
 But no, there's not such a move, and we don't expect this move to happen.
 but I have no more comment to give you
 We're not doing this kind of in-depth analysis on the nine-month basis.
 keep in mind that we have
 300,000 SKUs
 Every time we want to dig into the numbers byproducts, I mean, it's a big, big machine.
 we have to
 put in place
 I understand
 my second question
 And you may have already touched on, but it's just on the fast-growing segment and the strategy there.
 Could you comment on the differing speeds between the three buckets of data center connectivity and energy efficiency this year?
 I'm not trying to be precise, but do you see a pecking order in terms of fastest to slowest?
 depends on the, the, the main driver, if I may say, would, would rather be, uh, the
 geographical driver
 Take, for example,
 in Brazil, excluding datacenter.
 as I said it's still strongly
 down double digits
 over two years
 So even if connected products or green products are doing better,
 Well, they're not growing 20%.
 So all product families in non-RESI in the U.S. somehow suffer from the fact that people have not yet gone back fully to the office
 and that the renovation work have not yet really happened there.
 Take on the other side, the Western Europe and residential market, which is booming.
 it's booming on those
 three
 uh
 segments as well as
 on traditional products.
 So, no, I cannot make a difference between, let's say, data center, connected products, and green.
 it really depends on the region
 and it really depends
 also the basis for comparison. But I can tell you that
 taken as a whole
 together, they're growing faster than the plus 16% that we are showing for the total
 Any way you can quantify that positive spread?
 We are...
 This is not Verneimelsus.
 or
 I
 Let's see, park your question and ask it again in February.
 alright I will
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Question from the Lettlie Société Générale, please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, thanks.
 just a question on pricing
 So Q3 pricing came in at the top end of the 2% to 4% guidance range,
 I think you were talking about for H2
 which I think
 to a certain extent
 was going to be dependent on tactical pricing initiatives.
 Does that mean that it's kind of been harder for you to execute on that kind of pricing
 strategy to boost growth, maybe due to the supply chain environment and whether there's
 may be implications there for your growth expectations in the short term.
 Does it delay that at all, or should we kind of not really read too much into that?
 Thank you.
 No, I mean, to make things, to make sure that you get the numbers right, in July we said
 two to four
 in pricing for H2
 and now we are saying it's going to be
 more fun
 than two because it was
 it was a
 4.3 in Q3
 and we are shooting for four in Q4.
 So we are sort of pre-sizing the pricing cadence.
 The 2-2-4 is becoming now a 4, which is, well, it's never granted because you could always give some price out to your customer,
 but given the pricing initiatives we have launched until then, we are very confident in our ability to reach this plus 4 in 2-4.
 if your question is
 Why aren't we doing more?
 The answer is we could.
 in the current context we could do a five six or seven percent price increase instead of four
 in Q4
 I don't believe it would be a wise decision for Legrand,
 because even though everybody is increasing its price,
 I think that it will put us somehow at a competitive risk.
 But I think it's always, you know, a smart balance you have to find between protecting
 your profitability and protecting your competitiveness.
 we believe with our country managers
 who are really, you know, driving this price increase.
 It is.
 We jointly believe that the plus, 4% plus, if I may say, in H2 and Q4 is the best balance
 we can have today.
 It's because we can't do more
 It's because we don't want to do more
 No, exactly
 that's kind of what I wanted to check on
 And that effectively, even at four, there was a sort of an element of tactical pricing within that
 that allows you to gain share and boost growth.
 thanks for that
 And maybe just a quick follow-up then on U.S. non-resi.
 I was just wondering
 whether you're sort of seeing any signs at all
 the project's getting pushed to the right, maybe due to labor or component shortages.
 well it's
 it's always difficult to say.
 I think they are not pushed to the right.
 they are pushed ahead of us
 and
 That's why I'm not negative for the U.S. for 22, 23, 24.
 now we'll see
 it is true that
 The labor shortage is a fact.
 it impacts actually not only
 you know,
 contractors, for example, but
 it is also something we have to manage
 you know,
 factories
 So far, I think it's not the topic.
 The topic is more the fact that the recovery is, as expected, a bit slow.
 It will take a bit of time before people get back fully to work
 and all the innovation work are performed.
 But, again, Q3 is already showing some sort of improvement compared to H1, both in value
 any new volume
 and hopefully
 this will materialize
 in the months
 is too good.
 Great. Thank you very much.
 thank you
 next question from
 Martin Wilkie from
 City Investment Research.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you. Good morning. This is Martin from City.
 Just a question on customer behavior relative to the pricing.
 I appreciate your price is only up 4%, but presumably for a certain product line, it's up a lot more than that.
 are you seeing any indications of customers reacting to that
 Obviously, Legrand typically has premium products.
 our customers choosing to
 sort of move to cheaper
 products as a result of pricing. And also
 you can remind us what percentage
 of your products are specified
 by specialists
 such that the electrical contractor has no ability to choose somebody else
 if they can find a product that's cheaper than Legrand,
 and just to understand if pricing could have an effect on competitive dynamics as well.
 Thank you.
 no no we are not seeing such in the price increase the the end users and the contractors
 would go to cheaper solutions.
 if you look at all, for example,
 for example, premium ranges of wiring devices,
 Selian in France, Living Now in Italy,
 connected products
 high-end panel boards
 as a staff, they are doing
 a very good performance
 going nicely
 and sometimes faster than the rest of the product of things.
 So we are not seeing such a move toward simpler products.
 the answer be that
 the reason be that
 when you are doing some
 On renovation work, when you ask a contractor to come, the cost of product would be 10%
 of the total cost of his work.
 Out of these 10%, probably 3-4% would be the Grand Products.
 and then you have cables, lighting features, and many other topics.
 So if on those 2% or 3% you are increasing your price by 4%, 5%, 6%,
 It's not such a big deal.
 for the end-user. It's not a reason not to do the work. Well, it could be a reason for the
 contractor to switch to a competitor.
 That's why we are doing plus 4% price increase
 and not plus 10
 But it might not be a reason for the end user to tell the contractor, let's stop the work.
 It's costing too much for me
 I'm going to invest my money in something else
 also more as
 Don't forget that during the year 2020, in many countries, people saved a lot of money.
 I think the total savings for France alone
 I don't remember the exact number, but it's 120 or 150 billion euros of money which was saved.
 So, no, to make a long story short, I don't see this kind of behavior whereby there would be a migration, let's say, toward a cheaper product.
 also more as others affect us
 are seen into play, the fact that your products need to be available.
 You know, today, clearly, there is a rush toward products which are available.
 So it is also an opportunity for us if we can be smart to gain a bit of market share.
 So we are not seeing this move.
 As far as the percentage of products that would be specified, it's a large minority
 of our products.
 A lot of our products, the majority of our products, difficult to shoot a precise number,
 but the majority of our products would be chosen either by the contractor or by the end user,
 the end user being either an individual or a professional company more than by an engineering
 office typically or by a design bureau by an architect now again when it is the contractor
 choosing
 or the end-user choosing,
 are they usually choosing
 a lower value product?
 the answer is no
 and
 and uh...
 and you have
 and you can still sell
 very added value products
 to those guys
 If I may add maybe one factor, the current cost increase or price increase of energy
 which by the way
 is not a big topic
 for Le Grand
 because
 I think that
 I'm turning to my colleagues so that they can confirm the number,
 but I think the energy cost is 0.5% of ourselves.
 So you see it's a pair of tens of millions of euros.
 It's not big, so it's not a big, let's say, cost problem for us.
 It can even provide additional opportunities and push people,
 either engineering offices, contractors, end-users,
 towards
 buying
 a lot more energy efficiency
 see related solutions uh you know when you are
 heating cost is increasing by 20 or 30 percent and statistics show that in france it represents
 1,200
 the euro
 the year
 well
 a good opportunity for you to buy a thermostat which you're going to pay 250 euro or 300 euro at
 and uh...
 And which would help you to save 15, 20, 25% of your bill.
 So, you know, not only we are not seeing any negative mix effect coming from the current, let's say, supply chain crisis,
 but on top of that it could even provide a number of opportunities
 either in terms of market share if you can
 be better than your competitors
 or in terms of selling more products to help people to reduce their energy bill.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 next question
 from Eric LeMarier
 from Bayan Ghani.
 please go ahead
 Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
 I've got two, if I may.
 the first one regarding
 the
 I thought that you mentioned the faster expanding product
 So you've most successful product like Connected Products,
 solution for data center, etc.
 do you think
 you've got more pricing power
 with this type of product
 than for deal
 the product of Floodvang.
 question.
 I got the second one.
 we're going to 2022 next year
 in a scenario
 with further inflation next year?
 do you think you would have
 for the room, for the leeway
 to offset that inflation in terms of pricing cost cutting restructuring or would it be um
 would it be too much for Le Grand?
 the first question is concerned we have neither more nor less pricing capability in those
 through the Sydney segment
 Than I swear
 I don't see that.
 I don't think there is a specific different pattern except that they are growing faster.
 I will tell you that we have more pricing power.
 As far as the 2022...
 You know,
 you know,
 is concerned
 But again, I'll not repeat the fact that we are very confident in our ability to deliver
 or with guidance
 Yes, sir.
 which implies mid-term and I've registered 20% a bit,
 But on top of that, given the fact that we are pretty reasonable in terms of pricing, that's a feeling I have, not doing too much of pricing, there's probably a bit more margin for maneuver for 2022 if we need it.
 And as far as cost management is concerned, we have reinvested into cost ever needed in 2021.
 So, again, if needed, we will have the ability to put costs under a little bit more constraints.
 I'm not giving any warning for
 2032. We will give you guidance
 in February 2020
 do
 And you can expect that the mid-term guidance will be respected.
 maybe one
 indication
 on our cause base
 I didn't give in, which can be useful.
 I told you that
 that are like for access over nine months,
 increased by 16%
 expenses, i.e. production expenses and SG&A in nine months of 2021.
 so at the same time you have
 one of the reasons why we can compensate the increase in raw materials and components not
 not only through pricing, but also through leverage.
 And on top of that, you can see that we are punctually reinvesting into, especially SG&A, wherever it is.
 So we are not cutting further on cost.
 We are putting some cost back into the machine.
 Well, part of that cost, of course, is viable, but part of it is also a fixed cost.
 So, no, I wouldn't give you today a specific warning of concern for 2022.
 of course our budget process is going on
 and we'll tell you more in February
 2022 when we released our
 full year numbers.
 Thank you for listening.
 Thank you.
 next question from
 Jonathan Monty from Exxon, please go ahead.
 Yes, thanks for fitting me in.
 So, yeah, on the first question, maybe back to the same topic you were talking about there, I think about Q4 and the guidance you've given on what it implies for margins and the conversations we were just listening to around pricing and how far to push it and how pushing it much further, which you could do, would probably ultimately hurt your market share, which seems to be something you don't want to do.
 If that's the case, then you're kind of a bit boxed in in terms of pricing from here, at least for a while.
 And margins are obviously under pressure in Q4.
 As we go into Q1 and Q2 of next year, is this just something we have to weather?
 So I listened to your comment around confident that you can recover the margin to 20% on the midterm.
 And is that really how we should read things, that the exit rate next year can be 20 percent?
 But honestly,
 as we move into the early part of next year
 we're going to have to accept margins sub-20 for a while
 because you can't pull the lever of price
 without hurting market share
 or is there an alternative such as a more aggressive restructuring campaign
 that we could see announced shortly as a different level you could pull
 to offset the headwinds you now seem to be experiencing?
 Well, I told you that I didn't want to comment in detail 2022.
 I'll not go one step beyond
 of commenting Q1 and Q2
 2022
 against the performance of that one quarter
 And it applies, you know, my comment is more for Q4 2021.
 One, it's not of great interest to me.
 And, you know,
 delivering 17 or 18 percent
 or even 16 percent EBIT margin of a quarter is not a big concern provided number one
 and I'm fully in line with my yearly guidance,
 and the 20% you emit more gene.
 number two
 I'm doing what it takes
 my customers, accelerate my top-line growth, and reinforce the group positioning.
 Well, I know that it will not precisely answer your question,
 And again, we'll discuss the 22 guidance in February.
 Okay
 But I guess it's
 It's
 You should trust a bit Le Grand when we are telling you that we will do whatever it takes to deliver our mid-term cadence.
 Yes, sir.
 Which is something we intend to achieve every year, of course.
 Yeah, I have confidence on you recovering a 20% margin.
 I just note that the exit rate is going to be something closer to 17.9,
 I think you've said, as we leave 2021.
 on. On the
 a different topic, acquisitions.
 Obviously, originally, you were going to three.
 i mean we can never be sure about the scope effect and the timing that deals land or indeed
 when you choose to start consolidating deals that you do and how is the pipeline looking right now
 Now, can we expect the usual sort of 4% contribution to the top line next year, or is it becoming
 more difficult to get deals across the line
 in this inflationary environment?
 well
 um
 well
 We are indeed saying that the scope of consultation should be nearly 3%.
 but actually it does not depend on further this
 to be made,
 it depends on how fast we will consolidate
 those who are
 already announced, namely two
 ENSTO and ECOTAP, we can consolidate them before the end of the year and the scope of
 consultation will be slightly above 2%, or we can't, and the scope of consultation will
 We selected below 3%.
 Frankly speaking, it's not a big deal
 and we are not rushing to consolidate.
 you know for me
 it's not an absolute must
 to be
 exact
 3.1
 and I can
 say
 much leave with a 2.8 for example because we wouldn't have
 much too much in consolidating.
 that's where the
 that's why
 as a word
 The wording is nearly, it depends on the ability to consolidate facts,
 which does not only depend on us
 but also on the state of the financials and the readiness of the companies to be consolidated.
 As far as our sort of mid-term, what we said during our investor day was that historically it was plus 4%, including a big deal, Mystone, and excluding Mystone, it was 3%.
 So we are not changing at all the cadence.
 we are shooting, let's say, between a plus three
 or press 4%
 depending on whether or not we are doing a bigger deal if we could do more if we could do a given
 five or six we would uh we would of course be delighted to do so provided we are paying the
 Third comment as far as our...
 pipeline is
 concerned, well, we still have
 a number of discussions going
 on, so I'm not
 afraid of our ability
 to do further this
 in the quarters to come.
 We have quality discussions.
 Of course, sometimes the prices are a bit high because there's plenty of cash on the market.
 No, it has always been,
 the grand core asset
 to be able to buy quality companies
 at the reasonable prices.
 That's what we did this year with ENSTO and ECOTAP,
 and that's what we intend to do, the quarters to come.
 So, no, there's still a number of discussions going on.
 I cannot be precise on, you know, when they will materialize
 because until you have
 signed the acquisition contract, and even sometimes closed the deal, you're never sure
 to make it, so I couldn't be more specific
 except to tell you that the pipeline is not empty.
 Thank you.
 next question from Simon
 Susan search for Jeffries.
 just go ahead
 Yes, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question.
 My first one is just maybe a bit more clarification on the organic growth guide, please.
 and he's specifically about the comps you're seeing in the U.S. in the fourth quarter.
 I think last year you were down 11% in the U.S. versus a minus 1.5% decline in Q3.
 so you're facing
 significantly easier
 comps, you're saying non-resi is
 improving sequentially so
 I would think the U.S. should grow very nicely for you in Q4.
 So how should we read this into your quite conservative implied Q4 guide?
 Secondly, on China, you're saying in the presentation it was up double digits in the first nine months.
 h1 you said it was up double digits but maybe you can talk a bit more about how q3 was maybe
 even throughout Q3.
 I know it's small for you, but just interested in that.
 And then lastly,
 can you comment a bit on your
 customer churn
 in
 in any way
 over the last, say, 12 to 18 months?
 Has this changed in any way given pricing strategies?
 Thanks a lot.
 Well, as far as the Q4 is concerned for the U.S., the, you know, the fact is that it was
 Q4 2019
 which was very strong
 especially compared to our competitors.
 And if you look at 2019 compared to 2018, all of our listed peers, namely the Eton, the Hubbard, the Invent, all those guys, went down pretty significantly.
 and our performance was a lot better.
 I think our performance was something like plus two in Q4 2019 compared to Q4 2018.
 and all of our peers were down sometimes 3%, 4%, 5%, 6%.
 So I think the performance in Q4 2021 will have to be compared with Q4 2019,
 which is sort of two-year comparison
 must to be done for all our
 areas in 2021, given the very
 specific
 let's say
 pattern of the year
 So that's why we don't expect, you know, fantastic growth in the U.S.
 because the basis for comparison to the US is pretty difficult.
 As far as China is concerned, when I told you that both the nine-month period and the Q4 was positive,
 If you look at about two years,
 were up double digit
 Well, it is true that you,
 three is
 kept it off
 points less than
 but nothing to be worried about.
 the pattern
 is still very
 very positive
 what to expect
 going ahead
 it will depend very much on
 of course the Chinese
 economy and Chinese GDP, if I may, we are so small in China, I'll remind you that there's
 It's a big deal.
 of our sales, that we should be able to pursue our growth strategy even if the market is
 It's not super positive.
 that we will grow in China
 whatever happens
 But it means that, for example, we will continue to look at potential acquisitions in China.
 we've done
 two in the past four years and we remain interested to do more and we'll keep investing
 into new products
 and predict confidence in their ability,
 mid-term to keep growing nicely in China.
 So, to make a long story short,
 Nothing specific between H1 and Q3.
 no precise guidance
 for the rest of the year
 no for 2022 because it's too early
 and number three
 we intend
 offensive grosses stratégies
 in china because we believe that we should grow this four percent of ourselves to something bigger
 As far as customer churn is concerned, we haven't seen significant customer going down,
 I mean, you know, going out of business,
 in 2020
 because of financial constraints.
 So it's not the reason why customers are changing.
 and we continue to work with all the big guys
 The three being either big distributors, DIY, internet pure player, professional distributors,
 as well as big contractors and smaller contractors.
 so I don't see anything
 specific coming from customer churn that would be worth mentioning, we have a
 a pretty solid and stable customer base
 and I haven't seen a big shift from one customer to another
 coming from the crisis.
 Again, you are mentioning pricing.
 We'll be right back.
 things, but
 seeing
 pricing
 such as the one we are seeing as a plus 2.7 percent in the nine months or the plus 4.3 in q3
 he's not a never seen
 the grand history
 We have had several years with pricing at plus 3 or plus 4%.
 so I wouldn't want you to think that
 this pricing is so exceptional
 it is completely changing
 the mind of the market
 or changing the players that are
 that are active in the market
 is something we
 we saw
 from time to time
 in the past years.
 Thanks, Benoit.
 Thank you.
 Next question from William Mackey from Kepler-Chevreux.
 Go ahead.
 Good morning and thank you for the time
 I wanted to ask another question on the USA, please, just if you can help us understand.
 And if I think about the year and how it's developed, I think in Q1, you know, you've had 4% growth and non-resi declined.
 In Q2, you had 15% growth.
 And again, your non-resi was nearly unchanged.
 And in Q3, in value terms, you're reporting a 1% decline, but you're saying that non-resi in the nine months has slightly grown.
 so can can you be a bit more specific about why there was such a drop it seems to be if we assume
 Pricing was plus four
 in Q3
 then there's a volume drop of about five percentage points.
 non-resi was growing
 according to your commentary.
 So why is there such an apparent drop in Q4
 around data centers and residential, or perhaps I'm reading it the wrong way.
 How would you describe the trend in the segments in Q3 across the business lines?
 Well, I was more commenting over two years than over one year, because when it comes to top line, the year 2020 is so, let's say, strange, if I may say, than one year comparison doesn't make a lot of sense.
 for example
 three
 the
 crazy in the u.s 2020 because there was the the you know these sort of consequences from the end of
 So the virus lockdowns happening here and there.
 So, the basis for comparison in Q3 is the basis for comparison in Q3 is the basis for comparison
 The residential is strong.
 And as a result, the Q3 performance in 2021 for residential is a bit smooth, but again, it's not coming from any negative trend.
 It's coming from the base for compliance.
 That's why I'm as much as possible analyzing the numbers over two years.
 And over two years, that's what I can tell you, residential.
 show only up i mean up double digit in nine months
 at double digit
 in Q3
 with about the same number.
 so over two years no change in trend for uh resi data center
 Very, very strong growth over two years in nine months.
 Very strong growth over two years in Q3.
 not
 Slightly lower in Q3 than over nine months, but it's not significant, and as a whole, it's going fast.
 Now,
 other non-régies
 It's down double digit in H1, is down single digit in Q3.
 And as a result, it's still down double digit in nine months, but less than in H1.
 And from those numbers, I'm deriving the comments I'm making on trends, saying trends in
 trends.
 are still good
 even though
 looking at Q3 alone
 over one year
 it's smooth
 The market itself is still supportive.
 The market is still very supportive for the data center and for other non-resists.
 there is some sort of improvement
 because, you know, the decrease in sales is more or less cut by half between H1 and Q3.
 so we see that
 as a sort of sign for improvement
 even though it remains
 negative or votoyous.
 Is that clear?
 Perfectly clear. Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 Amen.
 Thank you. That was the last question. Back to you for the conclusion.
 Well,
 Thank you very much for your patience and for the time you're dedicated to Le Grand.
 and have a good day.
 Thank you very much.
 And, of course, Ronan, Marc,
 Samy Ben Saïd
 Frank Lebris and myself will be available
 until the end of the week
 to answer any
 additional questions you may have. Thank you.
 Thank you.