Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to today's Legrand 2021 nine-month results conference call. All participants are in listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question and answer session. For information, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the call over to CEO Mr. Benoit Coquart and CFO Mr. Francois Hebre. Sir, please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Franc and I are happy to welcome you to the Legrand 2021 nine-month results conference call and webcast. We have published today, as usual, our press release, financial statements, and a slideshow to which we will refer. Those documents are available on the Legrand website. Please note that this conference call is recorded and webcasted. After a few opening remarks, Franc and I will comment into more details the 2021 nine-month results. I begin on page four of the deck with two key takeaways. First, amid tensions and supply chains that have intensified, Legrand recorded a strong rise in financial results in the first nine months of the year. Sales grew plus 15% year-on-year and plus 5.7% over two years, driven by a strong organic rise of plus 16% over one year or plus 4.4% over two years. Adjusted operating margin came to 21.4% of sales, and net profit rose plus 42% from the first nine months of 2020 or plus 12% from the same period of 2019. These very good results testify once again to the soundness and relevance of a unique model for value creation and confirm our continued capacity to improve competitive positions on our markets despite strong headwinds. Second takeaway, given the solid showings recorded in the first nine months of the year, but also significant pressure on supply chains with a volatile pandemic environment, we are specifying the full year 2021 targets. Getting now into details, we are moving to page six, diving first into sales threads. Over nine months, sales rose strongly in all regions. Organic growth reached a significant plus 16% at double-digit levels in both major countries with plus 13.2% and new economies with plus 24.7%. Over two years, organic sales grew plus 4.4%. This strong performance confirms Legrand's continued capacity to improve its competitive positions on its markets as pressures built on supply chains, especially in the third quarter. At end of September, this performance is notably driven by good demand in residential as well as sales in faster-spending segments, namely data centers, connected solutions, and our energy efficiency programs. This is for organic growth. Acquisitions contributed to an increase in sales of plus 2.7% and exchange rates had a negative impact of minus 3.4% over the first nine months period. Applying September average Forex rates to the rest of the year, this exchange rate effect should theoretically be about minus 2.5% in 2021 as a whole. Let's now move to page 7 to go into more details regarding the lifelike evolution of sales by geographical zone. In Europe, organic sales grew plus 21.8% in the first nine months of 2021. In Europe's metro countries, growth was plus 22.3%, including plus 4.3% in the third quarter alone. Over nine months, the steep rise recorded included strong showings in France and Italy, with many commercial successes, notably in faster-spending segments. Sales in Europe's new economies were up plus 19.2%, including plus 11.9% in the third quarter alone, with very good showings in Turkey and Eastern Europe over nine months. Moving now to North and Central America, organic sales increased plus 7.9% in the first nine months. In the U.S. alone, the organic rising sales was plus 6%, with a slight decline of minus 0.9% over the third quarter alone. Over nine months, these trends reflect a marked sales increase in solutions for data centers and residential spaces, while demand for other non-residential spaces grew slightly. Let me now move to the last zone with the rest of the world, where organic sales rose plus 22.4% over nine months. In Asia-Pacific, sales increased plus 18.9%, including plus 5.4% in the third quarter alone. Over the nine-month period, China and India both grew double-digit. In Africa and the Middle East, sales rose plus 16.6%, with plus 5.7% in the third quarter alone. The region's nine-month performance was partly supported by strong gains in Africa. In South America, sales increased plus 43.1%, with plus 22.8% in the third quarter alone, reflecting continued significant growth in main countries. These were the key elements on sales. I am now passing the mic to Franck for an overview of our financial performance. Thank you, Benoit. And good morning to all of you. I hope you are doing well. Going to page 8 now, adjusted operating margin before acquisitions in the first nine months stood at 21.6%, meaning an increase of plus 2.9 points from the end of September 2020. Inflation in raw materials and components reached nearly plus 10% over the nine-month period, and nearly plus 15% in the third quarter alone. Despite this significant inflation, our profitability increased, reflecting, in particular, strong leverage on expenses together with group pricing initiatives. After acquisitions, the adjusted operating margin for the first nine months of 2021 was 21.4%, setting the adjusted operating profit just over 1.1 billion euros, or up plus 31.5% from the first nine months of 2020. Going now to page 9 regarding the net profit attributable to the group. At 699 million euros, it grew plus 41.7% compared with the first nine months of 2020. The main driver is the strong growth recorded in the operating profit. Trend in the financial results is also favorable, and dispositive items were partially offset by an increase in value of corporate income tax, while the corporate tax rate was slightly down from the first nine months of 2020 at 28.5%. Moving now to page 10 with a few comments on cash and balance sheet. As a percentage of sales, cash flow from operation was up plus 2.3 points at 19.7% of sales, above 1 billion euros. It's driven first by the rise in cash flow from operation, and second, as expected, an increase in working capital requirement. And then the free cash flow stood at a solid 15% of sales in the first nine months of 2021. Now, when normalizing working capital current valuations on the right-hand side of the slide, the normalized free cash flow stands at 859 million euros, or 16.6% of sales in the first nine months. One last point I wanted to share on this slide. End of September, Legrand successfully issued its first sustainability-linked bond index. It's indexed on our carbon neutrality trajectory, and this trajectory is validated by the SBTI. This concludes the key topics on our first nine months' strong financial performance, and I'm now passing the mic back to Benoit. Thank you, Franck. Moving now to the second part of the presentation regarding the 2021 full-year targets that we are specifying today. We are on page 12 of the deck. Given solid showings in the first nine months of the year, but also significant pressure on supply chains with a volatile pandemic environment, Legrand is now aiming for the following full-year targets. Organic growth in sales of between plus 11% and plus 13% compared to at least plus 10% previously. The scope of consolidation effect of nearly plus 3%. An adjusted operating margin of between 20.0% and 20.5% of sales, including acquisitions consolidated in 2021, compared to about 20% previously. The group also aims to achieve at least 100% of its CSR roadmap of 2021, testifying to its ongoing deployment of a bold, exemplary approach to ESG

with a particular focus on the fight against global warming and the promotion of diversity. Let's now move to the last part of the presentation. We are on page 14 to come back briefly on our last CMD, where we reaffirmed our ambition to a very value creation. As you can see on the left-hand side, Legrand's strategic roadmap is supported by the strong pillars of a unique business model and by our solid integrated performance. Building on these strong assets, we accelerated growth initiatives, in particular in what we name faster expanding segments. We target to raise the share of group sales made in these promising fields from 31% in 2020 to 50% in 2022. Going to page 15, a few additional words on two important aspects of our strategic roadmap. First, we will continue to build on our performance-driven and close-to-market organization, leveraging our operational excellence, talent promotion, and strong employee engagement, which stood at 80% this year, rising strongly from 2017 results. Secondly, we intend to keep on deploying a bold and exemplary approach to ESG, which, as you know, is driven by demanding CSR roadmaps, with a fifth one starting in 2022. I am now moving to slide 16. We have confirmed our mid-term targets regarding growth, margin, cash flow, and ESG. In terms of capital allocation, Legrand will continue its balanced policy, dedicating more than half of free cash flow to both acquisitions on average, while maintaining an average dividend payout ratio of about 50%. As you know, the full event presentation and the replay can be found on our website. Franck, Roland, and I are now ready to open to questions. Thank you. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press 01 on your telephone keypad. We have a few questions from Daniel Costa from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I have three questions. They're relatively quick, I hope. First, I wanted to ask you regarding if you could comment a little bit in terms of your distributors, if you see them restocking, how selling versus sellout. I know in the past you've commented on that. Second, on your inventory buildup in Q3, can you talk about how much of that is just finished goods waiting to get out of the door because of supply chain issues? And then the final point, just checking regarding restructuring, Q3 in terms of restructuring expenses was relatively low. When you look into Q4, do you see any need to raise that given the situation that you mentioned in terms of supply chain, or shall we assume it remains relatively low going forward? Thank you. Hello, Daniela. So on the first question, I'm sure that our distributors would like to build some inventory, but given the constraints on the supply chain, I think they can hardly do so. So no, we haven't seen significant change in their inventory in 2021, and they are not able, unfortunately, to build back some inventory. Now it compares, 2021 compares to a situation where the level of inventory in 2020 was very low. So even with the current level of inventory, and even without building back some inventory, there is some positive impact on the top line coming from inventory. But again, I don't believe that their level of inventory is particularly high. They would be happy and pleased to build back some inventory, and unfortunately, they cannot. As far as our own inventory, well, it's coming back to normal. We had a level of inventory which was very low in H1, given the very strong surge in demand and in sales, which was somehow unexpected, and our effort to answer to the demand. So it's now coming back to normal, so it has a mechanical, let's say, negative impact on our networking capital, which we expected to happen, and we clearly guided the market when we released our H1 number, saying, be aware that as far as the networking capital is concerned, the free cash flow is concerned, the situation will somehow deteriorate a little bit in H2 compared to H1. So it was completely expected, but it's more coming back to normal than building a lot of inventory. Now, let's make things clear. If we have the ability to build further inventory in order to cope with the difficulty to get components and raw materials, we will. In other words, our strategy for Q3 and Q4, and probably going into 2020, is to do whatever it takes to serve our customers, even at the expense of extra inventory. Unfortunately, it's a bit difficult given the current scarcity of resources, but we will not hesitate in building a bit more inventory if needed to better serve our customers. As far as restructuring is concerned, I think that as of the end of September, our level of restructuring is about €18 million, which compared to €55 million at the end of last year. The key message is that we are coming back in 2021 to a sort of normal level of restructuring, i.e., a level of restructuring between, let's say, €20 million to €30 million, or €20 million to €25 million, which is a sort of historical level of restructuring. So you shouldn't expect anything exceptional in Q4. It should be more or less in line with what we have done so far since the beginning of the year. Last year level of restructuring was sort of exceptional given, of course, the crisis. I have to specify that the numbers I'm giving you are excluding the sales of assets, and you remember that last year in Q1 we saw the big asset, I think for €15 million in South America. So €17 million as of the end of September, €20 million to €25 million or €30 million for the full year. Q4, we should be consistent with the rest of the year. That's it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Next question from Gaël Debray from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Yes, good morning, everybody. Thanks for the questions or the opportunity you're giving me to ask questions. Look, if I look at the performance in Q3, the organic sales on a two-year basis were up 4%. But then if I look at the midpoint of your guidance, it implies that in the fourth quarter, the organic sales would actually be down by about 3% on the same two-year basis. So, I mean, why do you guide for such a sequential deterioration? In particular, did you see some disruption from supply chain challenges going into the fourth quarter, more disruption actually than there was already in Q3? Well, it is true that the plus 11 to plus 13% organic growth for the full year implies Q4, which would be over one year between minus 2.7% and plus 4.7%. And over two years between, let's say, the strong decrease to almost stability. So this is the range we are shooting for the plus 11 to plus 13%. And as you have rightly mentioned, the big uncertainty is coming from the supply chain. The situation has clearly deteriorated in Q3 on many fronts. It has become increasingly difficult to get electronic components, for example. It has become increasingly difficult to get containers and transportation capabilities or capabilities to get the goods out of the customs quickly in a number of places. And it has also been the case for more traditional raw materials. So the situation has deteriorated. We'll see how it is in Q4, but this is the big uncertainty, let's say, between the plus 11 and the plus 13%. Now, I believe that the plus 11, to make things clear, is somehow a bit conservative. And it's really the low end of the guidance, and it assumed a very strong deterioration in the supply chain in Q4, which may not happen. But this is a clear, let's say, variable or input that can change a bit the profile of Q4 compared to Q3. Last word beyond the supply chain constraints. Don't forget that Q4 2019 was a very strong quarter. So when you compare over the two-year period, yes, Q4 2020 was not very strong as such, but Q4 2019 was very strong, both in terms of absolute growth and in terms of comparison with our peers, especially in North America. So it may also negatively impact the Q4 2021 performance. Okay, thanks for this. Maybe a longer-term question.

maybe a longer term question. At the CMD, you highlighted that you were seeing some new growth opportunities emerging in the past COVID world with, for example, the upgrade of meeting rooms for hybrid meetings, including both virtual and in-person capabilities. And that was something you were seeing increasing the value of the low-grade products per meeting room by a factor of nearly 10 times. So could you elaborate a little bit on this upsell potential in the office market? Is this a marginal trend or do you really see today already a lot of inquiries on this? And what's your guess on the proportion of meeting rooms that could potentially be upgraded in the next 5 to 10 years? I know it's a difficult question to answer to, but any help on this would be appreciated. Well, it's indeed quite a difficult question to answer. Well, it was a mid-term comment, not a comment for the next couple of quarters. And I think that the first priority is for people to get back to the office, which again is not the case everywhere. If you look at the big metros in the US, for example, the work from home is still present in many places. So I could hardly tell you that we have done an analysis in the pending quotes saying that there is a structural change in the value of office space. So it was more a mid-term comment than a short-term comment. Now, we are very confident it will happen because it is supported by a number of requests and trends from people. For example, the fact that office spaces will need to be greener. There is a COP26 currently happening with the US coming back to the table. It is sure that this will help. The fact that more and more spaces will need to be connected to support AV conferencing or remote conferencing is a fact. The fact that you will need more and more connectivity, whether wired or wireless, to accommodate for more needs, it's a fact. The fact that the number of people will require not only to have a desk to work, but also a number of social spaces a lot more than before, will also happen. So those trends will somehow materialize. Frankly speaking, I have no precise number to tell you X or Y percent of office space will need to be remodeled for an additional value of Y. So we'll see, if I may say. It's not yet happening because this is a long-term trend, but we are very confident that it will materialize. Okay, thanks very much. Thank you. Next question from André Kucknen from Credit Suisse. Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Can I please start with extending the math that Gael ran on your organic growth rates and what's implied for Q4 to the implied profitability for the fourth quarter? Because if my math is right, then even at the top end of your organic growth and margin guide, you're implying around 17.5 percent margin for Q4, down 200 basis points year on year. So I just wanted to check if that math is right and would love to hear your reasoning behind it as well. Yes, of course. Well, the math are almost right. Our guidance imply a Q4 in terms of adjusted operating EBIT all in, including acquisitions, between 15.3 percent in the low end of the guidance up to 17.9 percent in the upper end of the guidance. Well, three comments. Number one, 17.9 percent is not an ever-seen. Q4 margins are always lower than the rest of the year. It's a seasonality topic. And if you look at the past five years, margins around 18 percent or let's say 18 to 18.5 percent were not ever-seen. In 2015, Q4 margin was 18.4 percent. In 2016, it was 18.1 percent. So structurally, let's say, Q4 margins are lower than our nine months margin. And 18 percent EBIT margin is not an ever-seen. Number two, there is a strong squeeze happening since the beginning of the year, which is not a surprise to you, between selling price and purchase price, which worsened in Q3. Maybe I can give you the precise number. In the first nine months of the year, purchase price increased by close to 10 percent, and selling price were up plus 2.7 percent. And those numbers were plus 7 percent for the purchase price in H1 and plus 1.9 percent for the selling price. So it implies a Q3, which is at nearly plus 15 percent as far as purchase price is concerned and plus 4.3 percent as far as selling price. So you remember I told you in July that in H2, we would have a purchase price which would be double digit and a selling price which would be between 2 and 4 percent. Well, it's more than double digit. I may say, well, it's double digit, but it's probably more than expected. It's plus 15 percent for purchase price. And as a result, we did some pricing at the upper end of this sort of guidance I gave you, plus 4.3 percent. What to expect in Q4? Well, purchase price will probably be at the level of Q3 or even worse. So you could very much put in your estimate that the purchase price could be comprised between plus 15 and plus 20 percent, even though we have no crystal ball. This is the order of magnitude we could expect. And the selling price should be approximately at the same level as the one we recorded in Q3. So it will be something around plus 4 percent, plus, let's say. So if you take those two numbers, and I remind you that raw material and components represent about one third of our sales, you can see the sort of squeeze we are currently experiencing. So this is the reason why having a 17.9 percent EBIT margin all in in Q4 or less than that is not something which is out of the probability. And it's very much consistent with the squeeze we are having in front of us, even though, of course, we are doing many things. We have some cost control. We have some rest of touring charges, which as pointed out by Daniela will be lower than last year. So we have many things that will partially compensate for that. But the squeeze is significant. Third comment, the difference between the low end of the margin guidance and the high end of the margin guidance is clearly coming from the top line. And whether you have, let's say, a minus 3 percent in Q4 or plus 5 percent in Q4, of course, does not have the same impact on our margins. So the top line evolution in Q4 will be a driving force behind the 20 to 20.5 percent EBIT margin that we are shooting for. Thank you very much for such a comprehensive answer. I really appreciate all the details you've given. Just one more question, because of time. Could I ask, in the rest of the world, you've seen a really healthy acceleration on kind of two-year stack basis in Q3 versus Q2 or H1. Could you talk about maybe what regions or maybe product lines, what drove that and how sustainable it is, please? Well, so rest of the world over two years. So rest of the world over two years, it is true that the quarter is plus 8.7 percent and the nine months is plus 6.4 percent. So yes, indeed, you have a bit of acceleration. I could hardly say that it's a big acceleration. And it's mostly coming from India, which is positive single digit over two years in Q3 and which is still negative single digit over nine months, over two years. So you remember that in India, the COVID crisis is more 2021 H1 topic than 2020 topic, as opposed to most of the rest of the world. So India has progressively recovered from the COVID crisis, as many countries did last year. And again, it represents most of the change in trends, let's say, between H1 and Q3. If you look at the other places, Africa is doing also very well, both in Q3 and in nine months. China is doing very well, both in Q3 and in nine months. All my comments are over two years, of course. And West America also. The place which is a bit more difficult is the Middle East, which is down over nine months.

in the list, which is down over nine months and over Q3, over two years. So to make a long story short, it's good all across the zone, except in Middle East. And the change in trend between H1 and Q3 is mostly coming from India. Very helpful. Thank you very much. Thank you. Next question from Anzaz Widi from JP Morgan. Yeah, good morning, Benoit and Frank. Thanks for the time. I wanted to follow up on the guidance discussions we've had. We are in early November already, and you assume in your range a pretty material further deterioration in the supply chain. So maybe you could comment what you have seen in October so far and how much visibility do you normally have in terms of component stock at hand and so on. Would this imply a dramatic deterioration, basically, into the year end to get to the middle or the lower end of the range? Or have you already seen a further deterioration in October? That's my first question. Well, you know the rules of the game, Andreas, so no, I will not comment on October. But again, just looking at Q3, I can confirm that the situation is tough. To give you a feeling of what we are facing in front of us, we had, for example, to reallocate some of our R&D team to do a sort of redesign to supply. So to start redesigning a number of products to incorporate components that were more available than the ones the products currently have. We have a task force of supply chain people meeting weekly on the topics. We have daily discussions with our suppliers. So no, it was in Q3 particularly difficult. We have probably lost a couple of tens of million euros of sales. Difficult to be more precise in terms of quantification because, well, because, you know, at the same time, we probably had a couple of distributors who ordered a bit more than they needed. When you want to make sure to get 10 products, you tend to order 15 or 20. So as a result, you think you are more sure, if I may say, to get the 10 you really need. So you have many factors at play. So it's difficult to give a precise number. We have probably lost a couple of tens of million euros of sales over nine months. And again, yes, plus 11 assumes that there would be a strong deterioration in the situation. And as I said a little bit earlier, this is somehow a bit conservative, probably. So no, I cannot be more specific in October. You know the rules of the game. We are not commenting months. We are commenting quarters. Thank you. And my second question is on North America. Maybe you could give a little bit more granularity on the trends there in terms of volume growth, where volumes are now versus two years ago. I assume the U.S. has also seen, or North America has also seen pretty high price increases this year. So where are volumes versus 2019? And what are you seeing or have seen in Q3 sequentially in terms of the growth trends, momentum in the market in RES versus non-RES? Thank you. Well, we are not commenting price on a region-by-region basis, but I can tell you that there is absolutely no reason why we would do more price in North America than elsewhere. And I saw a couple of releases where people were stating pricing increases of 5%, 7%, 9%. This is not the sort of pricing increase we are seeing in North America. So we are not increasing prices in North America more than elsewhere. As far as the trends are concerned, not much new things to tell you compared to what we told you in H1. Over nine months, data centers and residential are doing very well over the first nine months of the year with strong double-digit increases over two years. As far as other non-residential spaces, which represent 60% of our sales, I remind you, they are still strongly negative over two years. However, the two-year trend is improving in Q3 compared to H1. So the drop in sales over two years is not as strong in Q3 as it was in H1. And the result of that is that there is a slight growth over nine months compared to 2020. So still a strong drop in sales over two years, a slight growth over one year. And if you compare H1 to Q3, Q3 is better than H1 over two years. Well, that's what I can tell you. And there's, again, nothing specific as far as the pricing is concerned in North America, neither between the various pieces of our business, residential, non-residential, data center, nor when comparing North America with the rest of the group. Thank you very much. Thank you. Next question from Lucie Carrier from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Yeah, good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. I have a couple of follow-up, actually. The first one is a follow-up on the question from Andreas just right now on North America. When you speak about slide growth in the third quarter in non-res in the US, is it in volume terms or is it in value terms? Just so we kind of know what we're talking about. Well, it's in value terms. Okay, so slide growth in value terms in the third quarter. Yeah, slide growth in value terms, indeed. Are you able to give us an indication of how it might look like in volume terms? Well, we are not giving pricing per region. Now, again, you can assume that the pricing we are doing in North America is not much different from what we're doing elsewhere. So you can come to the conclusion by yourself. But no, we are not giving precise pricing per region. Okay, thank you very much. My second question was around the logistic or transportation cost that you are facing. Are you able to tell us kind of how much they represent, generally speaking, as a percentage of sales? And also, when you think about your procurement and whether this is procurement of components or procurement of finished products, how much of that is really dependent on what we call sea freight rather than just kind of more traditional transportation and specifically coming from Asia into Europe or into the US? Well, the transportation cost is slightly above 3% of group sales in fiscal year 2020. And of course, it includes domestic transportation where inflation is pretty reasonable, low single digits, with transportation by sea or the inflation could be as high as times 4, 5 or 6 for the cost of container, for example. And the only significant, let's say, flow we have, big one, is between Asia and the US. We already discussed that two years back when we discussed the Trump tariff, a year ago when we discussed COVID. So this is the biggest, let's say, flow of products or components from one continent to another. Now, I'm turning to my colleagues. Are we able to give more precise breakdown of those 3%? Not sure we can. No, Lucie, unfortunately, we cannot add that material. But you see 3% of sales is not a lot. As Benoit said, looking at our footprint, it's more domestic transportation than what you call the sea flows or intercontinental flows. And third, our products, and moreover, the one traveling from China to the US, are very small products where the freight percentage of the cost or percentage of sales are minimum. So this is why the question is how much the transportation is harming our P&L. It's not material today. And last maybe comment, as far as increasing price of transportation, it's pretty consistent with what I told you about raw materials and components. It's a little bit higher than what I told you for raw materials and components. It's a little bit lower for energy, for example, but it's pretty consistent. Thank you very much. Very helpful. And then maybe my last question is, I guess this is maybe a more theoretical question, but do you see across the value chain in construction, whether this is you as a supplier into this market, labor costs and so on, do you see potentially that the price increase or the inflation acceptance is becoming more difficult? Do you think this is a risk for this industry in terms of demand as every single bit of cost across the value chain seems to be increasing? Well, today I don't see that as a short-term risk because there's such a shortage in components and materials that the people are eager to continue the renovation or construction

work and not really stopped by inflation, which probably actually has a somehow negative impact on our top line, which again is difficult to size and to evaluate. But when you have no wood for wooden construction, when you have no concrete, for example, you have no wood, and when you have no wood, you have no switch to install. So this impact is extremely difficult to evaluate, but it's probably happening here and there. Now, of course, if the construction cost was to increase by another 30%, 40%, it could potentially, you're right, it could potentially over the midterm have a negative impact on the market itself. That's not what we are seeing so far, and I believe that part of this negative impact would be more than offset by all the positive trends, which I've already mentioned. You know, whatever the cost of the goods, if there is a strong political and social willingness to make the buildings greener, a lot of innovation work will happen. You know, whatever the cost of raw material and components, if you need to install a data-com system at hope to remotely work, you will. So I believe that those trends will more than offset any potential, let's say, negative coming from the cost of construction. This being said, you know, our price is increasing by 2.9%. It's not increasing by 10% or 15%. And, of course, the price of other inputs is also increasing. But today, I don't believe that the price for the total renovation, for example, or price for peak construction is increasing by 30%, 40%, 50%. And it's not something we have never seen to do a price increase of 2.7%. So I wouldn't be so... So theoretically, it could happen. Practically speaking, number one, given the level of pricing we see today on the market, which is not plus 10%, 15%, or 20%, but closer to what we are doing, plus 2.7%. And number two, all the megatrends which will materialize, I don't believe it will really happen. Thank you. Thank you. Next question from Supriya Subramanian from UBS. Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for giving me the opportunity to ask a question. On the sort of continuing on the pricing point, just wanted to get your thoughts on, you know, you said that you will potentially continue to take pricing action into fourth quarter as well. How much do you see that supporting sales maybe early in 2022? And also just wanted to get your thoughts on the supply chain issues and supply shortages. What is your outlook or thoughts on this situation? How do you see that developing? Or let's say how long do you expect these constraints to last in the market? And maybe last question a little bit more medium or long term is related to the European renovation market. How do you see that developing in the context of the Green Deal as well as the recovery fund? Are you starting to see demand and funds flowing into the market now? Thank you. So I'll tell you there will be a carryover. As I said, Q4 pricing should be around plus 4% compared to Q4 2020. So pretty much what we did in Q3. And of course, this will have a carryover impact in 2022. Well, so will the cost of raw materials and components. So you have, of course, a negative impact of the price of the input. Well, it's far too early to discuss 2022 guidance. We'll do that in February when we release our 2021 numbers. But of course, you know our midterm guidance, which is 5% to 10% top line growth on average per year, excluding foreign exchange, and about 20% EBIT, which we repeated and reiterated at the end of September. As far as the supply chain constraints, well, I have no crystal ball and I have to listen to specialists and read studies. And what most people say is that you have a very sort of conjunctural thing to the issues, which, for example, is about containers and a number of traditional raw materials such as polypropylene. And most people say that this should ease in the coming months or quarters. But most of the specialists also expect the semiconductor issue and the electronic component issue to last until the beginning of 2023 because it will take time for semiconductor specialists to build capacities, extra capacities, additional capacities to answer to the demand. So that's what most people say. Transportation and traditional raw materials and components should be a matter of months. And for electronic components, it should last a bit longer than that. As far as the third question is concerned, well, it's too early to see the European renovation wave. We see a number of initiatives locally taken by local governments, such as, for example, the Prime Renov in France. And we see similar initiatives in a number of countries, including Italy. But the big of the so-called renovation wave is still to come. And it's more a topic for the years to come than a 2021 topic. As you know, it always takes a bit of time between the time an initiative is announced, is structured, then it is voted by the open parliament, then it is voted by the local parliament, then the flow of money is getting into the market. So the renovation markets were pretty positively oriented in 2021, but it's not coming from an stimulus plan. It's coming from the fact that following the lockdowns, a lot of people decided to renovate their home because they felt that it would become not only a place where they would like to live, but also a place where they would need to be remotely connected to their doctors, to their office, and so forth. So renovation is pretty well oriented in 2021, but it's not coming from the renovation wave or the FIT for 55 or any other programs. It's coming mostly from the need of individuals and to a certain and lower extent from local incentive plans that were launched one or two years back. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Next question from James Small from Wedburn. Please go ahead. Yeah, good morning, everyone. Benoit, Frank, thanks for taking my questions. I have two if I can. Maybe do them one at a time. Lots of my questions have been asked about price and raw mats, so maybe I could shift to mix. You've often had the strategy of getting positive mix impact on sales from trading up over time. I wondered if you could comment on how mix impact of sales looked in the first nine months and whether that was in line with historic trends. Well, you know that for us, it's always difficult to identify mix. We have on one hand pricing, which we can quantify and measure very accurately, and then we have volume and mix, and it's a bit difficult to do the split between volume and mix. And we are doing the analysis over nine months, so it's difficult for me to answer. What I can tell you is that when we look at the various product families, the sectors which we identified as or labeled as faster expanding segments, Elliot products, data centers, and green programs, grew faster than the rest of our product offering. Now, I have no more precise number to tell you. We haven't seen the big change whereby, for example, given the increasing price of products, customers would shift from added value products to simpler or access products. No, there's not such a move, and we don't expect this move to happen. But I have no more comment to give you. We're not doing this kind of in-depth analysis on a nine-month basis. Keep in mind that we have 300,000 SKUs, so every time we want to dig a bit more precisely into the numbers by product family, it's a big, big machine we have to put in place. I understand. My second question, you may have already touched on, but it's just on the fast-growing segment and the strategy there. Could you comment on the differing speeds between the three buckets of data center, connectivity, and energy efficiency this year? I'm not trying to be precise, but do you see a pecking order in terms of fastest to slowest? No, it really depends on the main driver, if I may say, would rather be the geographical driver. Take, for example, US non-resi, excluding data center. As I said, it's still strongly down double digits over two years. So even if connected products or green products are doing better, well, they're not growing 20%. So all product families in non-resi in the US somehow suffer from the fact that people have not yet gone back fully to the office and that the renovation work has not yet really happened there. Take, on the other side, Western Europe and residential markets, which is booming. It's booming on those three segments as well as on traditional products. So, no, I cannot make a difference between, let's say, data center

connected products and drill, it really depends on the region and it really depends also the basis of comparison. What I can tell you is that taken as a whole, put together, they're growing faster than the plus 15% that we are showing for the total of the group. Anyway, you can quantify that positive spread? We are usually doing it on a yearly basis, not over nine months, so let's say partial question and ask it again in February. All right, I will. Thank you very much. Thank you. Next question from Lesley from Société Générale, please go ahead. Hi, good morning. Thanks. Just a question on pricing. So key free pricing came in at the top end of the 2% to 4% guidance range, I think you were talking about for H2, which I think to a certain extent was going to be dependent on tactical pricing initiatives. Does that mean that it's kind of been harder for you to execute on that kind of pricing strategy to boost growth, maybe due to the supply chain environment and whether there's maybe implications there for your growth expectations in the short term? Does it delay that at all or should we kind of not really read too much into that? Thank you. To make sure that you get the numbers right, in July we said 2% to 4% in pricing for H2 and now we are saying it's going to be more 4% than 2% because it was 4.3% in Q3 and we are shooting for 4% in Q4. So we are sort of pricing the pricing guidance. The 2% to 4% is becoming now 4%, which is what is never granted because you could always give some price out to your customer, but given the pricing initiatives we have launched until then, we are very confident of our ability to reach this plus 4% in Q4. If your question is why aren't we doing more, the answer is we could, especially in the current context. We could do 5%, 6% or 7% pricing fees instead of 4% in Q4. I don't believe it would be a wise decision for Legrand because even though everybody is increasing its price, I think that it would put us somehow at a competitive risk. So pricing is always a smart balance you have to find between protecting your profitability and protecting your competitiveness. And we believe with our few managers who are really driving these price increases, we jointly believe that the plus 4% in H2 and Q4 is the best balance we can have today. To make sure that you do more, it's because we don't want to do more. No, exactly. That's what I wanted to check on, effectively even at 4%, there was a sort of element of tactical pricing within that that allows you to gain share and boost growth. Thanks for that. Maybe just a quick follow-up then on US non-resi. I was just wondering whether you're seeing any signs at all of projects getting pushed to the right, maybe due to labour or component shortages. Well, it's always difficult to say. I think they are not pushed to the right, they are pushed ahead of us. And that's why I'm not negative for the US for 2022, 2023, 2024. Now we'll see. It's true that the labour shortage is a fact. It impacts actually not only people, contractors, for example, but it's also something we have to manage in our factories. Well, so far I think it's not the topic. The topic is more the fact that the recovery is as expected a bit slow. It will take a bit of time before people get back fully to work and all the renovation work are performed. Again, Q3 is already showing some sort of improvement compared to H1, both in value and in volume. And hopefully this will materialize in the months to come. Great. Thank you very much. Thank you. Next question from Martin Wilkie from City Investment Research. Please go ahead. Yeah, thank you. Good morning. It's Martin from City. Just a question on customer behavior relative to the pricing. I appreciate your price is only about 4%, but presumably for certain product lines it's up a lot more than that. Are you seeing any indications of customers reacting to that, either obviously Legrand typically has premium products, are customers choosing to move to cheaper products as a result of pricing? And also if you can remind us what percentage of your products are specified by specialists such that the electrical contractor has no ability to choose somebody else if they can find a product that's cheaper than Legrand, just to understand if pricing could have an effect on competitive dynamics as well. Thank you. No, no, we are not seeing such a move whereby given the pricing fees the end users and the contractors would go to cheaper solutions. If we look at our, for example, premium ranges of wiring devices, Selian in France, living now in Italy, connected products, high-end panel boards, all the stuff, they are doing a very good performance, growing nicely and sometimes faster than the rest of our product. So we are not seeing such a move toward simpler products. And again, the reason being that when you are doing some renovation work, when you ask a contractor to come, the cost of product would be 10% of the total cost of his work. Out of these 10%, probably 3-4% would be Legrand products. And then you have cables, lighting features, and many other topics. So if on those 2 or 3%, you are increasing your price by 4-5-6%, it's not such a big deal for the end user. It's not a reason not to do the work. Well, it could be a reason for the contractor to switch to a competitor. That's why we are doing plus 4% pricing fees and not plus 10%. But it might not be a reason for the end user to tell the contractor, let's stop the work. It's costing too much for me. I'm going to invest my money in something else. Also, let's not forget that during the year 2020, in many countries, people saved a lot of money. I think the total savings for France, I don't remember the exact number, but it's 120 or 150 billion euros of money which was saved. So to make a long story short, I don't see this kind of behavior whereby there would be a migration, let's say, toward cheaper products. Also, as all other factors are seen to play, the fact that your product needs to be available. Today, really, there is a rush toward products which are available. So it is also the opportunity for us if we can be smart to gain a bit of market share. So we are not seeing this move. As far as the percentage of products that would be specified, it's a large minority of products. A lot of our products, the majority of our products, difficult to shoot a precise number, but the majority of our products would be chosen either by the contractor or by the end user. The end user being either an individual or a professional company, more than by an engineering office, typically, or by a design bureau or by an architect. Now again, when it is a contractor choosing or the end user choosing, are they usually choosing a lower value product? The answer is no. And you can still sell very added value products to those guys. If I may add maybe one factor, the current cost increase or price increase of energy, which by the way is not a big topic for Legrand because I think that I'm talking to my colleagues, they can confirm the number, but I think the energy cost is 0.5% of our sales. So you see it's a couple of tens of million euros, it's not big, so it's not a big, let's say, cost problem for us. It can even provide additional opportunities and push people, either engineering offices, contractors, end users, toward buying a lot more energy efficiency related solutions. You know, when your heating cost is increasing by 20 or 30%, and statistics show that in France it represents 1,200 euros a year, well, maybe it's a good opportunity for you to buy a thermostat which you're going to pay 250 euros or 300 euros at best, and which would help you to save 15, 20, 25% of your bill. So, you know, not only we are not seeing any negative mix effect coming from the current, let's say, supply chain crisis, but on top of that it could even provide a number of opportunities, either in terms of market share if you can be better than your competitors, or in terms of selling more products to help people to reduce their energy bill. Thank you very much. Thank you. Next question from Eric Lemarier from Bayangani, please go ahead. Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I've got two, if I may. The first one regarding the product you mentioned, the faster expanding product, your most successful product like connected products, solution for data center, et cetera.

you think you've got more pricing power with this type of products than for the other product of Legrand? My first question. And I have a second one regarding 2022 next year. In a scenario with further inflation next year, do you think you would have further room for the leeway to offset that inflation in terms of pricing, cost cutting, restructuring, or would it be too much for Legrand? So as far as the first question is concerned, we have neither more nor less pricing capability in those faster and faster segments than elsewhere. I don't think there is a specific difference there except that they are growing faster. So no, I wouldn't tell you that we have more pricing power. As far as 2022 is concerned, well again, I'll not repeat the fact that we are very confident in our ability to deliver our midterm guidance, which implies midterm and average 20%. But on top of that, given the fact that we are pretty reasonable in terms of pricing, that's the feeling I have, not doing too much of pricing, there's probably a bit more margin for maneuver for 2022 if we need it. And as far as cost management is concerned, we have reinvested into cost expenses wherever needed in 2021. So again, if needed, we will always have the ability to put costs under a little bit more constraints. So I'm not giving any warning for 2022. We will give a guidance in February 2022. And you can expect that the midterm guidance will be as expected. Maybe one indication on our cost base, which I didn't give and which can be useful. I told you that our like-for-like sales over nine months increased by 16%. Our like-for-like expenses, i.e. production expenses and SG&A increased by 8% in nine months of 2021. So at the same time, you have one of the reasons why we can compensate the increase in raw materials and components, not only through pricing, but also through leverage. And on top of that, you can see that we are punctually reinvesting into especially SG&A wherever needed. So we are not cutting further our costs. We are putting some costs back into the machine. Well, part of that cost, of course, is variable, but part of it is also fixed cost. So no, I wouldn't give you today a specific warning or concern for 2022. Of course, our budget process is going on and we'll tell you more in February 2022 when we release our full year numbers. Thank you. Thank you. Next question from Jonathan Monty from Exam. Please go ahead. Yes, thanks for fitting me in. So yeah, on the first question, maybe back to the same topic you were talking about there. I think about Q4 and the guidance you've given on what it implies for margins and the conversations we were just listening to around pricing and how far to push it and how pushing it much further, which you could do, would probably ultimately hurt your market share, which seems to be something you don't want to do. If that's the case, then you're kind of a bit boxed in in terms of pricing from here, at least for a while. And margins are obviously under pressure in Q4. And just as we go into Q1 and Q2 of next year, is this just something we have to weather? I listened to your comment around confident that you can recover the margin to 20% on the midterm. And is that really how we should read things, that the exit rate next year can be 20%, but honestly, as we move into the early part of next year, we're going to have to accept margins sub 20 for a while because you can't pull a level of price without hurting market share? Or is there an alternative such as a more aggressive restructuring campaign that we could see announced shortly as a different lever you could pull to offset the headwinds you now seem to be experiencing? Well, I told you that I didn't want to comment in detail 2022. I'll not go one step beyond of commenting Q1 and Q2 2022. Again, the performance of one quarter, and it applies, my comment is more for Q4 2021, is not of great interest to me. And delivering 17 or 18% or even 16% EBIT margin of a quarter is not a big concern, provided, number one, I'm fully in line with my yearly guidance and the 20% EBIT margin. Number two, I'm doing what it takes to serve my customers, accelerate my top line growth, and reinforce the group positioning. So, well, I know that it will not precisely answer your question, but again, we'll discuss the 22 guidance in February. Okay. But I guess you should trust a bit Legrand when we are telling you that we will do whatever it takes to deliver our midterm guidance. Yes, I do. Which is something we intend to achieve every year, of course. Yeah, I have confidence on you recovering a 20% margin. I just note that the exit rate is going to be something closer to 17.9, I think you've said, as we leave 2021. On the, maybe a different topic, acquisitions. Obviously, originally you were guiding to three. I mean, we can never be sure about the scope of length and the timing that deals land, or indeed when you choose to start consolidating deals that you do. How is the pipeline looking right now? Can we expect the usual sort of 4% contribution to the top line next year, or is it becoming more difficult to get deals across the line in this sort of inflationary environment? Well, we are indeed saying that the scope of consolidation should be nearly 3%. Well, actually, it does not depend on further deals to be made. It depends on how fast we will consolidate those who are already announced, namely two, N2 and Ecotap. Either we can consolidate them before the end of the year, and the scope of consolidation will be slightly above 3%, or we can't, and the scope of consolidation will be slightly below 3%. Frankly speaking, it's not a big deal, and we are not rushing to consolidate. For me, it's not an absolute must to be at 3.1, and I can very much live with 2.8, for example, because we wouldn't have rushed too much in consolidating. So that's why the wording is nearly. It depends on the ability to consolidate that fact, which does not only depend on us, but also on the state of the financials and the readiness of the companies to be consolidated. As far as our sort of midterm scope effect, what we said during our investor day was that historically it was plus 4%, including a big deal, Milestone, and excluding Milestone, it was 3%. So we are not changing at all the guidance. We are shooting, let's say, between a plus 3% or plus 4%, depending on whether or not we are doing a bigger deal. If we could do more, if we could do a given year 5 or 6, we would, of course, be delighted to do so, provided we are paying the right companies. The third comment as far as our pipeline is concerned, well, we still have a number of discussions going on, so I'm not afraid of our ability to do further deals in the quarters to come. We have quality discussions. Of course, sometimes prices are a bit high because there is plenty of cash on the market. Now, it has always been Legrand core asset to be able to buy quality companies at reasonable prices. That's what we did this year with N2 and Ecotap, and that's what we intend to do in the quarters to come. So, no, there are still a number of discussions going on. I cannot be precise on when they will materialize because until you have signed the acquisition contract and even sometimes closed the deal, you're never sure to make it. So I cannot be more specific except to tell you that the pipeline is not empty. Thank you. Thank you. Next question from Simon Souza for Jeffries. Please go ahead. Yes. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. My first one is just maybe a bit more clarification on the organic growth guide, please. And here specifically about the comps you're seeing in the US in the fourth quarter. I think last year you were down 11% in the US versus a minus 1.5% decline in Q3. So you're facing significantly easier comps. You're saying non-resi is improving sequentially. So I would think the US should grow very nicely for you in Q4. So how should we read this into your quite conservative implied Q4 guide? Secondly, on China, you're saying in the presentation it was up double digits in the first nine months. H1, you said it was up double digits. But maybe you can talk a bit more about how Q3 was, maybe even throughout Q3. I know it's small for you, but just interested in that. And then lastly, can you comment a bit on your customer churn in any way over the last, say, 12 to 18 months? Has this changed in any way given pricing strategies? Thanks a lot. Well, as far as Q4 is concerned,

Well, as far as the Q4 is concerned for the US, you know, the fact is that it was Q4 2019, which was very strong, especially compared to our competitors. And if you look at Q4 2019 compared to 2018, all of our listed peers, namely the Eton, ABB, the Hubble, the Invent, all those guys, went down pretty significantly, and our performance was a lot better. I think our performance was something like plus two in Q4 2019 compared to Q4 2018, and all of our peers were down sometimes 3, 4, 5, 6%. So I think the performance in Q4 2021 will have to be compared with Q4 2019, which is a sort of two-year comparison, which must be done for all our areas in 2021, given the very specific, let's say, pattern of the year 2020. So that's why we don't expect fantastic growth in the US, because the basis for comparison over two years is pretty difficult. As far as China is concerned, when I told you that both the nine-month period and the Q4 was positive, if you look over two years, both Q3 and nine months were up double-digit. It is true that Q3 is a couple of points less than nine months, but nothing to be worried about. The pattern is still very, very positive. What's to expect going ahead? It will depend very much on the Chinese economy, Chinese GDP. If I may, we are so small in China, I remind you that it's 3.4% of our sales, that we should be able to pursue our growth strategy even if the market is not super positive. It's not saying that we will grow in China whatever happens, but it means that, for example, we will continue to look at potential acquisitions in China. We've done two in the past four years and we remain interested to do more, and we'll keep investing into new products, and I'm pretty confident in our ability mid-term to keep growing nicely in China. So to make a long story short, nothing specific between H1 and Q3, no precise guidance for the rest of the year nor for 2022 because it's too early. And number three, we intend to pursue an offensive growth strategy in China because we believe that we should grow this 4% of our sales to something bigger. As far as customer churn is concerned, we haven't seen significant customers going down, going out of business in 2020 because of financial constraints. So it's not the reason why customers are changing. And we continue to work with all the big guys in the industry, being either big distributors, DIY, Internet pure player, professional distributors, as well as big contractors and smaller contractors. So I don't think there's anything specific coming from customer churn that would be worth mentioning. We have a pretty solid and stable customer base and I haven't seen a big shift from one customer to another coming from the crisis. Again, you are mentioning pricing. I don't want to repeat things, but seeing pricing such as the one we are seeing as a plus 2.7% in our nine months or the plus 4.3% in Q3 is not an ever seen. In Legrand history, we have several years with pricing at plus 3 or plus 4%. So I wouldn't want you to think that this pricing is so exceptional that it is completely changing the mind of the market or changing the players that are active in this market. This is something we saw from time to time in the past years. Thanks, Benoit. Thank you. Next question from William Mackey from Kepler-Sherwood. Go ahead. Good morning and thank you for the time. I wanted to ask another question on the USA, please, just if you can help us understand. If I think about the year and how it's developed, I think in Q1, you had 4% growth and non-resi declined. In Q2, you had 15% growth and again, your non-resi was nearly unchanged. And in Q3, in value terms, you're reporting a 1% decline. But you're saying that non-resi in the nine months has slightly grown. So can you be a bit more specific about why there was such a drop? It seems to be if we assume pricing was plus 4 in Q3, then there's a volume drop of about 5 percentage points. Non-resi was growing according to your commentary. So why is there such an apparent drop in Q4 around data centers and residential? Or perhaps I'm reading it the wrong way. How would you describe the trend in the segments in Q3 across the business lines? Well, I was more commenting over two years than over one year because when it comes to top line, the year 2020 is so, let's say, strange, if I may say, than one year comparison doesn't make a lot of sense. For example, in Q3, the resi in the US was super strong in Q3 2020 because there was the sort of consequences from the end of the various lockdowns happening here and there. So the basic for comparison in Q3 in residential is strong. And as a result, the Q3 performance in 2021 for residential is a bit smooth. But again, it's not coming from any negative trend. It's coming from the basic for comparison. That's why I'm as much as possible analyzing the numbers over two years. And over two years, that's what I can tell you. Residential, up, strongly up, I mean, up double digit in nine months, up double digit in Q3 with about the same number. So over two years, no change in trend for resi. Data center, very, very strong growth over two years in nine months, very strong growth over two years in Q3. Not slightly lower in Q3 than over nine months, but it's not significant. And as a whole, it's going fast. Now, other non-resi, it's down double digit in H1, is down single digit in Q3. And as a result, it's still down double digit in nine months, but less than in H1. And from those numbers, I'm deriving the comments I'm making on trends, saying trends in resi are still good, even though looking at Q3 alone over one year, it's smooth, but it's basic for comparison topic. The market itself is still supportive. The market is still very supportive for data center. And for other non-resi, there is some sort of improvement because the decrease in sales is more or less cut by half between H1 and Q3. So we see that as a sort of sign for improvement, even though it remains negative over two years. Is that clear? Perfectly clear. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. That was the last question. Back to you for the conclusion. Well, thank you very much for your patience and for the time you dedicated to Legrand. And have a good day. Thank you very much. And of course, Ronald, Mark, Samy Benzaid, Franck Lembré and myself will be available till the end of the week to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

