 Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to today's Le Grand 2021 9 month results conference call.
 Our participants are in little only mode later, there will be a question and answer session.
 information this conference is being recorded at this time I would like to
 You hand the call over to CEO Mr. Benoit Coquillard and CEO for Mr. Franklin Bray, sir, please
 Go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, everybody.
 Franck, Rono and myself are happy to welcome you to the Le Grand 2021 Nine Months Result
 conference call and webcast. We have published today, as usual, our press release, financial
 of statements and a slideshow to which we will refer.
 those documents are available on the Legrand website.
 please note that this conference call is recorded and webcasted.
 After a few opening remarks, Franck and I will comment into more details in the 2020-19
 months' results. I begin on page 4 of the deck with two key takeaways. I mean, tensions
 and supply chains that have intensified,
 Le Grand record did a strong rise in financial results in the first nine months of the year.
 growth plus 15% year on year and plus 5.7% over two years, driven by a strong organic
 rise of plus 16% over one year or plus 4.4% over two years.
 Adjusted operating margin came to 21.4% of sales and net profit rose plus 42% from the
 the first nine months of 2020, or plus 12% from the same year of 2019.
 These very good results testify once again to the soundness and redevance of a unique
 model for valuation and confirm a continued capacity to improve competitive positions
 on our markets, despite strong headwits.
 Second takeaway, given the solid showing recorded in the first nine months of the year, but
 but also significant pressure on supply chains with a volatile pandemic environment.
 We are specifying the full year 2021 targets.
 Getting now into details, we are moving to page 6, diving first in two set threats.
 Over nine months, CES grows strongly in all regions.
 growth reached a significant plus 16 percent at double-digit levels in both metro countries
 with plus 13.2% and new economies with plus 24.7%.
 favoriturious, organic-serve, group, plus 4.4%.
 Desprendre performance confirms le grand continue de capacité
 to improve its competitive positions on its markets,
 as pressures build on supply chains, especially in the third quarter.
 At the end of September, this performance is not have been driven by good demand in residential
 as we're assessing faster spending segments, namely data centers,
 connective solutions and our energy efficiency programs.
 This is for organic growth.
 Adminations contributed to an increase in sales of plus 2.7 percent, and exchange rates
 had a negative impact of minus 3.4 percent over the first nine months period.
 applying September average 4x rates to the rest of the year, this exchange rate effect
 should theoretically be about minus 2.5% in 2021 at a roll.
 Let's now move to page 7 to go into more details regarding the life-like evolution of cells by geographical zone.
 In Europe, organic sales grew plus 21.8% in the first nine months of 2021.
 In Europe's major countries, gross was plus 22.3%, including plus 4.3% in the third quarter
 alone.
 Over nine months, the steep rise recorded included strong showings in France and Italy, with
 many commercial successes, notably in faster-expanding segments.
 sales in Europe's new economies were up plus 19.2% including plus 11.9% in the third quarter alone
 with very good showings in Turkey and Eastern Europe over nine months.
 Moving now to North and Central America, organic sales increased plus 7.9% in the first nine months.
 In the U.S. alone, the organic rising sales was plus 6% with a slight decline of minus
 0.9% over the third quarter alone.
 For nine months, these trends reflect a marked sales increase in solutions for data centers
 and residential spaces, while demand for other non-residential spaces grew slightly.
 Let me now move to the last zone with rest of the world where organic cells rose plus
 was 22.4 percent over nine months.
 Asia-Pacific says increased plus 18.9% including plus 5.4% in the third quarter alone over
 was the Naiman's period, China and India both grew double digit.
 In Africa in the Middle East, sales rose plus 16.6% with plus 5.7% in the third quarter
 The region's nine months' performance was by Boyd supported by strong gains in Africa.
 South America has increased plus 43.1% with plus 22.8% in the third quarter alone.
 continue significant growth in many countries.
 These were the key elements on sales.
 I am now passing the mic to Franck for another view of our financial governance.
 Thank you Benoit.
 Good morning to all of you.
 I hope you're doing well.
 I'm going to page 8 now.
 Adjusted operating margin before acquisitions in the first nine months stood at 21.6%,
 an increase of plus 2.9 points from the end of September 2020. Inflation in raw materials
 component reach nearly plus 10% over the nine months desired and nearly plus 15% in the third quarter alone.
 Despite the significant inflation, our profitability increases,
 reflecting, in particular, strong leverage on expenses, together with group pricing initiatives.
 After acquisitions, the adjusted operating margin for the first nine months of 2021 was 21.4%
 setting the adjusted operating profit just over 1.1 billion euros or up plus 31.5% from
 from the first nine months of 2020.
 We're going now to patch nine.
 regarding the net profit attributable to the group,
 At 699 million euros, it grew plus 41.7% compared with the first nine months since 2020.
 The main driver is the strong growth recorded in the operating profit trend in the financial
 The results is also favorable, and these positive items were partially offset by an increase
 in value of corporate income tax,
 while the corporate tax rate was slightly down
 from the first nine months years of 2020 at 28.5 percent.
 Moving now to patch 10 with a few cannons on cash and balance sheet.
 As a percentage of sales, cash flow from operation was up plus 2.3 points, at 19.7 percent of
 sales above 1 billion euro.
 It's driven first by the rise in cash flow from operation and second, as expected, an
 an increase in working capital requirements,
 And then the free cash flow stood at a solid 50% of sales in the first nine months of 2021.
 Now, when normalizing working capital recurrent variations
 on the right-hand side of the slide, the normalized pre-cache flow,
 stands at 859 million euros or 16.6% of sales in the first nine months.
 One last point.
 wanted to share on this slide, end of September,
 The grant successfully issued its first sustainability link bond index.
 It's, sorry, indexed on our carbon neutrality trajectory, and this trajectory is validated
 by the SBTI.
 Please conclude the key topics on our first nine months' strong financial performance,
 and I'm now passing the mic back to Benoit.
 Thank you, Frank.
 Moving now to the second part of the transition regarding the 2021 four-year target that we
 We are specifying today.
 We are on page 12 of the DIC.
 even solid showings in the first nine months of the year, but also significant pressure
 on supply chains with a volatile pandemic environment.
 Le Grand is now aiming for the following full year targets.
 Organic growth in cells of between plus 11 and plus 13 percent compared to at least
 plus 10% previously.
 The scope of consideration effect of nearly plus 3 percent and adjusted operating margin
 of between 20.0% and 20.5% of sales, including acquisitions consolidated in 2021 compared
 to about 20% previously.
 The group also aims to achieve at least 100% of its CSR on map for 2021, testifying to
 its ongoing deployment of a bold, exemplary approach to ESG with a particular focus on
 the fight against global warming as a promotion of diversity.
 Let's now move to the last part of the presentation.
 We are on page 14 to come back briefly on our last CND where we reaffirmed our ambition
 As you can see on the left-hand side, le grand stratégie que l'on a fait de l'exercice
 The strategic roadmap is supported by the strong pillars of a unique business model
 and by our solid integrated performance.
 Building on these strong assets, we accelerate growth initiatives in particular in what we
 We name faster spending segments.
 We'll see you in the next video.
 Take care.
 to raise the share of group sales made in this promising field from 31 percent in 2020
 to 50 percent of the meter.
 Going to page 15, few additional words
 on two important aspects of our critical map.
 First, we will continue to build on our performance-driven, close-to-market organization, leveraging
 on operational accidents, talent promotion, and strong employee engagement, which stood
 that 80% this year, rising strongly from 2017 results.
 Secondly, we intend to keep on deploying a bold and exemplary approach to ESG, which
 As you know, it is driven by demanding CSR roadmap
 with the fifth one starting in 2022.
 I am now moving to slide 16.
 We have confirmed on midterm targets regarding gross margin cash flow and ESG in terms of
 of capital allocation, Le Grand will continue its balanced policy, dedicating more than
 and a half of free cash flow to both on acquisitions on average while maintaining an average dividend
 payout ratio of about 50%.
 You know the full event pre-emptation and the replay with
 We play with test can be found on our website.
 Frank, Ronan and I are now ready to open to questions, thank you.
 Thank you ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press 01 on your telephone
 Thank you, Pad.
 A few questions from Daniel Costa from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, thanks for taking my question.
 I have three questions, they're relatively quick.
 I hope.
 first wanted to ask you regarding if you could comment a little bit in terms of your
 If you see them restocking how sell-in versus sell-out, I know in the past you've commented
 on that.
 Second, on your inventory buildup in Q3, can you talk about how much of that is just finished
 goods waiting to get out of the door because of supply chain issues and then the final
 point just checking regarding restructuring Q3 in terms of restructuring expenses was
 relatively low. When you look into Q4, do you see any need to raise that given like the
 situation that you mentioned in terms of supply chain or shall we assume it remains relatively
 low going forward.
 Thank you
 Hello, Daniela.
 So, on the first question, I'm sure that the distributors would like to do some inventory,
 But given the constraints on the supply chain, I think they can hardly do so, so no, we have
 They haven't seen significant change in their inventory in 2021, and they are not able to
 to build back some inventory.
 Now, it compares 2021 compared to a situation where the level of inventory in 2020 was very
 So even with the current level of inventory and even without building back some inventory,
 There is some positive impact on the top line coming from in the tree, but again, I don't
 believe that their level of infantry is particularly high, they would be happy and pleased to build
 backs of inventory and unfortunately they get up. As far as our own inventory, it's coming
 Going back to normal, we had a level of symmetry which was very low in each one given the very
 strong surge in demand and in sales, which was somehow unexpected and I thought to answer
 to the demand, so it's now coming back to normal, so it has a mechanical, let's say,
 get you impact on our networking capital, which we expected to happen, and we clearly
 guided the market when released or each one number saying be aware that that's
 As far as the networking capital is concerned, the free cash flow is concerned, the situation
 We will somehow deteriorate a little bit in H2 compared to H1, so it was completely
 expected, but it's more coming back to normal than building a local symmetry.
 Now, let's make things clear.
 if we have the ability to build further inventory
 in order to cope with the difficulty to get components
 raw materials, we will, in other words, or the strategy for Q3 and Q4, probably going
 into 2020 is to do whatever it takes to serve our customers, even at the expense of extranetary.
 Unfortunately, it's a bit difficult given the scarcity of resources, but we will not
 hesitate in building a bit more inventory if needed to better serve our customers.
 As far as restructuring is concerned, I think that at the end of September or level of restructuring
 is about 18 million euros, which compared to a 55 million euros of 17, sorry, 17 million
 compared to 55 million euros at the end of last year.
 The key message is that we are coming back in 2021 to a sort of normal level of restructuring,
 i.e. a level of restructuring between, let's say, 20 to 30 million euros or 20 to 25 million
 which is a sort of historical level of the surgery.
 So, you shouldn't expect anything exceptional in Q4.
 It should be more or less in line with what we have done so far since the beginning of
 year. So security was sort of exceptional given, of course, the crisis. I have to specify
 that the numbers I'm giving you are excluding the sets of assets and you remember that last
 here in Q1, we saw the big asset, I think, for 15 million euros in South America.
 So, 17 million at the end of September, 20 to 25 or 30 million euros for the full year.
 The Q4, we should be consistent with the rest of the year.
 That's it.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much for your question from Gairn Lebray from Deutsche Bank.
 Yes, good morning, everybody.
 Thanks for the questions or the opportunity you're giving
 as you ask it questions.
 look on the, if I look at the performance in Q3, the organic cells on a two-year basis
 were up 4%. But then if I look at the midpoint of your guidance, it implies that in the fourth
 quarter, the organic sales would actually be down by about 3% on the same two-year basis.
 So, I mean, why do you guide for such a sequential deterioration?
 um
 In particular, do you see some disruption from supply chain challenges going into the
 fourth quarter, more disruption actually than there was already in Q3.
 Well, um...
 It is true that the plus 11 to plus 13% organic growth for the full year imply Q4, which would
 be over one year between minus 2.7% and plus 4.7% and over two years between the strong
 decrease to almost a stability. So this is the range we are shooting for, for the plosive
 event to 2 plus 13 percent and as you are rightly mentioning the big uncertainty is coming
 from the supply chain.
 The situation has clearly deteriorated in Q3.
 many fronts, it has become increasingly difficult to get the electronic components, for example.
 It has become increasingly difficult to get containers and transportation capabilities
 or capability to get the goods out of the custom quickly in a number of places.
 and it has also, you know, been the case for my tradition,
 or battalions.
 situation as deteriorated. We'll see how it is in Q4, but this is the big uncertainty,
 let's say, between the plus 11 and the plus 13%.
 No.
 I believe that the plus 11 to make things clear is somehow a bit conservative.
 And it's really the low end of the guidance and it assumes a very strong deterioration
 supply chain in Q4, which may not happen. But this is a clear, let's say, variable input
 that can change a bit the profile of the Q4 compared to the Q3.
 That last word, beyond constraints, don't forget that Q4 2019 was a very strong quarter.
 When you compare over the two-year period, yes, Q4 2020 was not very strong as such,
 Q4 2019 was very strong, both in terms of absolute growth and in terms of, you know,
 comparison with our peers, especially in North America.
 So it may also negatively impact the Q4 2021 performance.
 OK, thanks for this.
 maybe a longer term question. At the CMD, you highlighted that you were seeing some new growth
 opportunities emerging in the past COVID world, with, for example, the upgrade of meeting rooms for
 hybrid meetings, including both virtual and in-person capabilities, and that was something
 you were seeing increasing the value of the low-grant products, permitting room by a factor
 of nearly 10 times.
 So could you elaborate a little bit on this upsell potential
 in the office market. Is this a marginal trend, or do you really see today already a
 a lot of inquiries on this.
 and what's your guess on the proportion of meeting rooms
 proportion of meeting rooms that could potentially be upgraded in the next five
 to 10 years. I know it's a difficult question to answer to, but any help on this would be
 appreciate it.
 Well, it's indeed quite a difficult question to answer, but well, it was a mid-term comment,
 not a comment for the next couple of quarters. And I think that the first priority is for
 people to get back to the office, which, again, is not the case everywhere.
 If you look at the big metros in the U.S., for example, the walk from home is still a
 is still prevalent in many places.
 So I could hardly tell you that we
 have done an analysis in the pending quotes saying that there is a structural change in
 the value of office space.
 So it was more mid-term comment than a short-term comment.
 Now, we are very confident it will happen.
 It is supported by a number of requests and prints from people.
 For example, the fact that office spaces will need to be greener, there is a COP26 currently
 happening with the U.S. coming back to the table, it is sure that this will help, the
 fact that more and more spaces will need to be connected to support AV
 conferencing or remote conferencing is a fact, the fact that you will need more and more
 connectivity, whether wired or wireless, to accommodate for more needs.
 It's a fact.
 of people require not only to have a desk to work but also a number of social spaces
 a lot more than before, we'd also happen.
 So those friends will sort somehow materialize from his picking.
 I have no, you know, precise number to tell you, to tell you X or Y percent of office space
 will need to be remodeled for the initial value of Y. So we'll see, if I may say, it's not
 yet happening because this is a long-term trend, but we are very confident that it will materialize.
 Okay.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Question from Andre Kuknin from Credit Swiss Business.
 Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
 Can I please start with extending the mass that
 gale run on your organic growth rates and what's implied for Q4 to the implied profitability
 for the fourth quarter because if my master's right then even at the top end of your organic
 growth and margin guide. You're implying around 17.5% margin for Q4 down 200 basis points
 year on year so I just wanted to check if that mass is right and would love to
 hear your reasoning behind it as well.
 Yes, of course, well, the math, our guidance implies a Q4 in terms of adjusted operating
 EBIT-OLIN, including acquisitions between 15.3% in the low end of the guidance up to 17.9%
 9% in the upper end of the data.
 Well, number one, 17.9% is not never seen.
 Q4 margins are always lower than the rest of the year.
 It's a seasonality topic.
 And if you look at the past five years,
 since around 18%, let's say 18 to 18.5% were not never seen.
 In 2015, Q4 margin was 18.4 percent, in 2016 it was 18.1 percent, so, you know, structurally
 they say our Q4 margins are lower than our 9 months margin and 18% EBIT margin is not
 a never seen.
 the tool.
 There is some squeeze happening since the beginning of the year, which is not a surprise to you
 between a setting price and purchase price, which
 were sent in Q3.
 Maybe I can give you the precise number in the first nine
 year, purchase price increased by close to 10% and setting price were up plus 2.7%.
 Those numbers, 7% for the purchase price in H1 and plus 1.9% for the selling price.
 So it implies the Q3, which is at nearly plus 15% as far as purchase price is concerned,
 plus 4.3% as far as setting price.
 You remember, I told you in July that in H2, we would have the purchase price which would
 would be a double digit and a selling price which would be between 2% and 4%. Well, it's
 more than WDZ, for me, it's WDZ, but it's probably more than expected, it's plus 15%
 for purchase price, and as a result, we did some pricing at the upper end of the sort
 of the guidance I gave you, plus 4.3%.
 What to expect in Q4?
 Well, purchase price will probably be at the level of Q3 or even worse, so you could very
 much put in your estimate that the purchase price could be a comprise between the plus
 15 and plus 20%, even though we have no crystal balls,
 This is the order of magnitude we could expect, and the setting
 price should be approximately at the same level as the one we recorded in Q3, so it
 which will be something around the plus 4% plasticity.
 So you should take those two numbers, and I remind you that
 The raw material and components represent about one third of ourselves.
 You can see the sort of squeeze we are.
 But we are currently experiencing.
 So this is the reason why, you know, having a 17.9%
 bit margin early in Q4, or less than that, is not something which is out of the probability
 and it's very much consistent with the squeeze we have in products, even though, of course,
 are doing many things.
 We have a...
 on the
 some restoring charges which are pointed out by Daniela will be ours and that's here so
 We have many things that will partially compensate for that, but the squeeze is significant.
 Third comment, the difference between the low end of the margin guidance and the high
 end of the margin cadence is clearly coming from the top line and whether you have, let's
 say minus 3% in Q4 plus 5% in Q4, of course, does not have the same impact on a margin,
 So the top line evolution Q4 will be driving force behind the 20 to 20.5 percent EBIT margin
 that we are shooting for.
 Thank you very much for such a comprehensive answer, I really appreciate all the details
 you've given.
 Just one more question the conscious time. Could I ask in the rest of the world? You've seen a really healthy acceleration on kind of two-year
 year stag basis in Q3 versus Q2 or H1.
 Could you talk about maybe what regions or maybe product lines, what drove that and how
 sustainable it is please.
 Well
 So it's the rest of the world over two years.
 For the rest of the world, it is true that the quarter is plus 8.7% and the nine months
 it's plus 6.4%. So yes, indeed, you have a bit of acceleration. I could hardly say
 that it's a big acceleration and it's mostly coming from India, which is a positive single
 digit over two years in Q3 and which is still negative single digit over nine
 months, over two years. So you remember that in India, the COVID crisis is more 2021,
 H1 topic, the 2020 topic, as opposed to most of the rest of the world.
 So India has progressively recovered from the COVID crisis, as many countries did last
 year.
 And again, it represents most of the change in trends,
 let's say between H1 and Q3.
 If you look at the other places, Africa is doing also very well,
 in Q3 and in 9 months. China is doing very well both in Q3 and in 9 months. All my comments
 over two years, of course, and rest America also, the place which is a bit more difficult
 He is a medallist, which is down over nine months and over three years.
 So to make a long story short, it's good all across the zone except in the Middle East
 and the change in trend between H1 and Q3 is mostly coming from India.
 Very helpful. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 next question from Andreas Willi from JP Morgan.
 Thanks, go ahead.
 Yeah, good morning, Bernouin, Franck, thanks for the time.
 I wanted to follow up on the guidance discussions we've had.
 Because we are in early November already and you assume in your range a pretty material
 further deterioration in the supply chain. So maybe you could comment what you have seen
 in October so far and how much visibility you do normally have in terms of component
 stock at hand and so on, would this imply a dramatic duration basically into the year
 end to get to the middle or the lower end of the range, or have you already seen the
 for the deterioration in October.
 That's my first question.
 Well, you know the rules of the game on that, so no, I will not comment on October.
 Again, just looking at Q3, I can confirm that the situation is to give you orders, I mean
 to give you sort of a feeling of what we are facing in front of us.
 We had, for example, to reallocate some of our R&D team to do a redesign to supply, to
 start redesigning a number of products to incorporate components that were more available
 than the ones that the products currently have.
 We have supply chain people meeting weekly on the topics.
 We have daily discussions with our suppliers, so no, it wasn't particularly difficult.
 We have probably lost a couple of tens of million euros of sales, difficult to be more precise
 in terms of quantification because, well, because, you know, at the same time, we probably
 They had a couple of distributors who ordered a bit more than they needed when you want
 to make sure to get 10 products, you tend to order 15 or 20, so as a result, you think
 You are more sure, if I may say, to get the 10 you really need.
 So you have many factors at play, so it's difficult to give a precise number, but we
 We have probably lost a couple of tens of billion euros of sales over 9 months.
 And again, yes, plus he didn't assume that there would be a strong deterioration in the
 situation and as I said a little bit earlier this is somehow a bit
 conservative probably so no I cannot be more specific on October you know the
 the rules of the game, we are not commenting monsters, we are commenting quarters.
 Thank you, and my second question is on North America, maybe you could give a little bit
 more granularity on the trends there in terms of volume growth, where volumes are now versus
 two years ago. I assume the U.S. has also seen, or North America has also seen pretty
 high price increases this year. So there are volumes versus 2019 and what year are you
 seeing or have seen in Q3 sequentially in terms of the gross trend momentum in the market
 in the rest versus none the rest.
 Thank you.
 Well, on a region-by-region basis, but I can tell you that there's absolutely no reason
 why we would do more price in North America than elsewhere. And I saw a couple of releases
 where people were paying the price increases of five, seven, nine percent.
 This is not the sort of price increase we are seeing in North America.
 So we're not increasing prices in North America,
 more, more, more than anywhere.
 As far the trends are concerned, not much new things to tell you compared to what we
 told you in H1. Over nine months, data centers and residential are doing very well over the
 the first nine months of the year with a strong double digit increase over two years, non-residential
 spaces, which represent 60% of ourselves, I remind you, they're still strongly negative
 over two years, however, is improving in Q3 compared to H1, so the drop in cells over
 to use is not as strong in Q3 as it was in H1.
 And the result of that is that there is a slight growth over nine months soon compared
 to 2020.
 till a strong drop in sales over two years, a slight gross over one year, and if you compare
 H1 to Q3. Q3 is better than H1 over to use. Well, so that's what I can tell you. And there's
 Again, nothing specific as far as the pricing is concerned in North America, neither between
 the various pieces of our business, residential, non-residential, that are known when comparing
 North America, with the rest of the group.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question from Lucie Carrier from Morgan Stanley.
 Yeah, good morning gentlemen, thanks for taking my question.
 And I have a couple of follow-up, actually.
 And the first one is a follow-up on the question from Andreas just right now on North America.
 Can you speak about slide growth in the third quarter in non-residue in the U.S.?
 Is it in volume terms or is it in value terms just so we kind of know what we're talking
 about.
 Well, it's in value terms, okay, so slide growth in value terms in the in the third quarter
 Yeah.
 So it was in the value terms.
 Are you able to give us an indication of how we might look like in volume terms?
 So we are not giving pricing per region, now again you can assume that the pricing we are
 doing in North America is not much different from what we're doing elsewhere, so you can
 You can come to the conclusion by yourself, but no, we're not giving precise pricing per
 region.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 My second question was around the logistic or transportation cost that you are facing.
 Are you able to tell us kind of how much they represent generally speaking as a percentage
 of...
 And also, when you think about your procurement and whether this is procurement of components
 or procurement...
 to finish products.
 How much of that is really dependent on what
 called sea freight rather than just kind of more traditional transportation and specifically
 coming from Asia into Europe or into the U.S.
 Well
 transport, the slightly proportioned cost is slightly above 3%, while slightly above
 3% of group sales in fiscal year 2020.
 It includes domestic transportation, where inflation is pretty reasonable, low single
 in Egypt.
 importation or inflation could be as high as times four, five or six for cost of container
 for example.
 And the only significant, let's say, flow we have, big one is between Asia and the U.S.
 We already discussed that.
 Two years back when we discussed the Trump tariff, a year ago when we discussed COVID,
 So this is the biggest, let's say, flow of products
 components from one continent to another. Now, I'm turning to my colleagues. Are we
 able to give more precise breakdown of those 3%, I'm not sure we can.
 No, no, no, no.
 Lucy, unfortunately, we cannot.
 I don't have that material, but you see 3% of sale is not a lot.
 As Benoit said, looking at our footprint, it's more domestic transportation than what
 you call the sea flows or intercontinental flows.
 And third, our products move over the one traveling from China
 to the U.S. are very small products, where the freight percentage of the cost are instead
 of cells are minimum. So, this is why the question is how much the transportation is
 arming our PNR, it's not material today.
 And let's maybe comment as far as increasing in price of transportation, it's pretty consistent
 with what I told you about the home materials and components.
 It's a little bit higher than what I told you for raw materials and components.
 It's a little bit lower for energy, for example, but it's pretty consistent.
 Thank you very much, very helpful.
 And then maybe my last question is, I guess it's maybe a more theoretical question, but
 But do you see across the value chain in construction, you know, whether this is you as a supplier
 and...
 this market, you know, labor costs and so on.
 And do you see potentially that the price increase of the inflation acceptance is becoming
 more difficult, do you think this is a risk for this industry in terms of demand as, you
 you know, every single bit of cost across the value chain seems to be increasing.
 Well, I don't, today I don't see that as a short-term risk because there is such a shortage
 in comprehensive material that the people are, you know, eager to continue the renovation
 in our construction work, and that's really stuck by,
 by inflation, which probably actually has a somehow negative impact on the top line,
 which again is difficult to size and to evaluate,
 But when you have no wood for wood and construction,
 where you have no conceits, for example,
 you have no wall, and when you have no wall, you have no switch to install.
 So this impact is extremely difficult to evaluate, but it's probably happening here and there.
 Now, of course, if the construction cost was to increase by another 30-40%, it could potentially
 potentially over the midterm have a negative impact on the market itself.
 That's what we are seeing so far, and I believe that part of this negative impact would be
 be more than upset by all the positive friends which I already mentioned, you know, whatever
 the cost of the goods if there is strong political and social willingness to make the buildings
 greener, a lot of innovation work will happen.
 You know, whatever the cost of raw material and components, if you need to install, you
 you know, that I can sustain, I hope, to remotely work, you will.
 So I believe that the stress will more than upset any potential, let's say, negative coming
 from the coast of our construction.
 what is being said
 uh...
 You know, our price is increasing by 2.10%.
 It's not increasing by 10% or 15%, and of course,
 part of other inputs is also increasing.
 But today I don't believe that the price for the total innovation, for example, the price
 for a big construction is increasing by 30, 40, 50 percent, and it's not something we
 we have never seen to do a price increase of plus 2.7% at 2.8%.
 It wouldn't be so, so, so, so, it could happen.
 Okay, speaking, number one, given the level of pricing we see today in the market, which
 is not plus 10, 15, or 20% or closer to what we are doing,
 plus 2.7%, and number two, all the megatrends, which
 I don't believe it will really happen.
 Thank you.
 Next question from Supriya Subrimanyan from UBS, please go ahead.
 Yes.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for giving me the opportunity to ask a question.
 On the sort of continuing on the pricing point,
 I just wanted to get your thoughts on, you know,
 said that you will potentially continue to take pricing action into fourth quarter as
 Well, how much do you see that supporting sales maybe early in 2022 and also just wanted
 to get your thoughts on the supply chain issues and supply shortages.
 What is your outlook or thought on this situation?
 how do you see that developing, or how long do you expect these constraints to last in
 the market and maybe last question a little bit more medium or long term is related to
 the European renovation market, are you starting, how do you see that developing in the context
 of the green deal as well as the recovery fund.
 are you starting to see demand and funds flowing into the market now?
 Thank you
 So, well, clearly there will be a carry also, so as I said Q4 pricing should be around the
 plus 4% compared to Q4 2020, so pretty much what we did in Q3, and of course, these will
 have a carryover impact in 2022, well, so will the cost of raw materials and components.
 So you have, of course, a negative impact also of the price of the input, where it's
 It's far too early to discuss 2022.
 We will do that in February when we release our 2021 numbers, but of course you know our
 I mean, don't get it, huh?
 which is a 5% to 10% top-line growth on average per year,
 extra info and exchange, and about the 20% EBITZ as well,
 which we repeated and reiterated at the end of September.
 as far as the supply chain constraint,
 Well, I have to exist on board and I have to, you know, listen to specialists and read
 that studies and what most people say is that you have, you know, a very, sort of, a conjonctural
 to the issues which, for example, is about containers and a number of traditional raw
 materials such as polypropylene, and most people say that these should ease in the coming
 or quarters, but most of the specialists also expect the semiconductor issue in the electronic
 component issue to last until the beginning of 2023, because it would take time for a
 or semiconductor especially to build the extra capacities,
 additional capacities to answer to the demand. So that's what most people say, transportation
 and traditional raw materials and components should be a matter of monsoons and for electronic
 I think it's a bit...
 last a bit longer than that.
 As far as the third question is concerned, well, it's too early to see the European Innovation
 way, we see a number of initiatives locally taken by local governments such as, for example,
 in France, and we see similar initiatives in other countries, including Italy, but the
 The big of the so-called innovation wave is still to come, and it's more a topic for
 years to come than the 2021 topic. As you know, it always takes a bit of time between the time
 initiative is announced, is structured, then it is voted by the open parliament,
 Then it is voted by local parliaments, then the flow of money is getting into the market,
 So the renovation markets were pretty positively oriented in 2021, but it's not coming from
 many steaming disciplines, coming from the fact that following the lockdowns, a lot of
 people who decided to renovate their home, because they felt that it would become not
 a new place where they would like to live, but that's a place where they would need to
 be remotely connected to their doctors, to their office, and so forth. So, renovation
 is pretty well-oriented in 2018, but it's not coming from the renovation wave or the
 for 55 or any other problems, it's coming mostly from the need of individuals and to
 a certain and lower extent from local incentive plans that were launched one or two years
 Thank you.
 Thank you, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you next question from James small from wetburn, please go ahead
 Yeah, good morning everyone, Benoit Frank, thanks for taking my questions.
 I have two if I can, maybe do them one at a time.
 Lots of my questions have been asked about price and raw match, so maybe I could shift to mix.
 You've often had this strategy of getting positive mix impact on sales from trading
 up over time, I wondered if you could comment on how mixed impactor sales looked in the
 first nine months and whether that was in line with historic trends.
 Well, you know that for us it's always difficult to identify mix we have on one hand pricing which we can you know
 quantified measure very accurately, and then we have volume and mix, and it's been difficult
 And we are doing the analysis over nine months or so, it's difficult for me to answer what
 What I can tell you is that when we look at the various product families, the sectors
 which we identified as, or labelled as a faster-expanding segment,
 the products, the data centers and the green programs group faster than the rest of our
 Now, I have no more precise number to tell you.
 We haven't seen a range whereby, for example, given the increasing price of products, customers
 would shift from added value products to simpler or access
 the products.
 There's not such a move, and we don't expect this move to happen, but I have no more comment
 to give you why not doing this kind of indefinite analysis
 on the nine-month basis.
 We keep in mind that we have 300,000 queues.
 So every time we want to dig into a bit more precisely into the numbers by product family,
 It's a big, big machine. We have to, we have to put it in place.
 I understand my second question.
 have already touched on, but it's just on the fast growing segment and the strategy
 there. Could you comment on the differing speeds between the three buckets of data centre connectivity
 energy efficiency this year. I'm not trying to be precise, but do you see a pecking order
 in terms of fastest to slowest.
 No, it really depends on the main driver, if I may say, would rather be the geographic
 driver to take, for example, RAZI, Excelling Data Center, as I said, it's still strongly
 down double digit over two years.
 So, even if connected products or green products are doing better, well, they're not growing 20%.
 So, all product families in non-regi in the US somehow suffer from the fact that people
 has not yet gone back fully to the office and that the renovation work are not really
 That's what really happened there.
 take on the other side, Western Europe and residential markets, which is booming, it's
 booming on those three segments as well as on traditional products.
 So I cannot make a difference between a data center
 connected products and grills, it really depends on the region, and it really depends also
 on the basis for comparison.
 take it as a whole, put it together, they're going faster than the plus 16% that we are
 that we are showing for the tutorial of the loop.
 Any way you can quantify that positive spread?
 All right, we are usually doing it on a yearly basis, not for nine months.
 So I ask you to park your question and ask if you can get any summary.
 All right, I will thank you very much
 Thank you.
 Next question from Leslie Société Générale, please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning.
 Thanks.
 This question on pricing, so Q3 pricing came in at the top end of the 2% to 4% guidance
 range I think you were talking about for H2, which I think to a certain extent was going
 going to be dependent on tactical pricing initiatives.
 Does that mean that it's kind of been hard for you to execute on that kind of pricing
 strategy to...
 boost growth, maybe due to the supply chain environment and whether there's maybe implications
 there for your growth expectations in the short term? Does it delay that at all or should
 we kind of not really read too much into them.
 Thank you.
 No, I mean, to make things, to be sure that you get the numbers right, in July we said
 224 in pricing for H2 and now we are saying it's gonna be a more 4 than 2
 because it was 4.3 in Q3 and we are shooting for 4 in Q4.
 Precising the pricing guidance, the 224 is becoming now 4, which is what is never granted
 because you always give some price out to your customer,
 but given the pricing initiatives we have launched until then,
 We are very confident our ability to reach these plus four in Q4.
 If your question is, why aren't we doing more?
 The answer is we could, current context, we could do a five, six or seven percent price
 increase instead of 4 in Q4. I don't believe it would be a wise decision for Le Grand because
 even though everybody is increasing its price,
 I think that it will put us somehow at a competitive risk.
 You know, a small balance you have to find between protecting your profitability and
 protecting your competitiveness and we believe with our country managers who are really, you
 You know, driving this pricing crisis, we jointly believe that the plus, 4% plus, if
 if I may say, in H2 and Q4 is the best balance we can have today.
 OK, sorry, thank you.
 To do more, it's because we don't want to do more.
 No, exactly. I'll just that's kind of what I wanted to check on that effectively even at four you were there was a sort of an element of
 of tactical processing within that that allows you to gain share and boost growth.
 Thanks for that. And maybe just a quick follow-up then on U.S. non-resi.
 I was just wondering whether you're sort of seeing any signs at all, the project's getting
 pushed to the right maybe due to labour or component shortages.
 Well, it's always difficult to say. I think they are not pushed to the right, they are pushed ahead of us.
 And that's why I'm not, I've got negative for the U.S. for 22, 23, 24.
 Now, we'll see.
 It is true that the labor shortage is a fact.
 It impacts actually not only people, you know, contractors, for example, but it is also something
 We have to manage in our factories.
 W-when?
 I think this is not the topic.
 The peak is more the fact that the recovery is, as expected, a bit slow.
 It would take a bit of time before people get back fully to work and all the innovation work are performed.
 Again Q3 is already showing some sort of improvement compared to H1, both in value and in volume,
 and hopefully this will materialize in the months to come.
 Great, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question from Martin Wilkie from City Investment
 Research.
 Does it go ahead?
 Yeah, thank you. Good morning, it's Martin from City.
 Just a question on customer behavior relative to the pricing.
 I appreciate your price is only up 4%, but presumably, for a certain point, line this
 up a lot more than that.
 Are you seeing any indication?
 No.
 of customers reacting to that either,
 we don't all see LeGron typically has premium products.
 our customers choosing to sort of move to cheaper products
 the results of pricing and also if you can remind us what percentage of your products
 are specified by specialists such that the electrical contractor has no ability to choose
 somebody else if they can find a product cheaper than the Gron, just to understand if pricing
 could have effect on competitive dynamics as well. Thank you.
 No, no, we're not.
 seeing such a move whereby, given the price increase, the end users and the contractors
 would go to cheaper solutions.
 If we look at our, for example, premium ranges of warring devices, said in New France, living
 now in Italy, connected products, high-end panel boards, all the stuff they are doing
 a very good performance, going nicely and sometimes faster than the rest of the product
 So we're not seeing such a move toward simpler products.
 And again, the reason B is that when you are doing some renovation work, when you ask
 contractor to come. The cost of product would be 10% of the total cost of his work. Out
 10% probably 3-4% would be the products and then you have cables, lighting fixtures and
 many other topics.
 So if one does.
 .
 two or three percent, you are increasing your price by four, five, six percent. It's not
 such a big deal for the end user.
 It's not a reason not to do the work.
 Well, it could be a reason for the contractor to switch those two competitors.
 That's why we are doing plus 4% pricing phase and not plus 10, but it might not be a reason
 for the end user to tell the contractor, let's stop the work. It's costing too much for me.
 Don't forget that during the year 2020, in many countries, people saved a lot of money.
 the total savings for France alone.
 remember the exact number, but it's 120 or 150 billion euros of money which wasn't saved.
 So, no, to make a long story short,
 I don't see this kind of behavior whereby there would be a migration, let's say, toward
 toward a cheaper product.
 more as all of the factors are seen to play the fact that your product needs to be available,
 So, you know, today, clearly, there is a rush toward products which are available.
 So it is also an opportunity for us if we can be smart to gain a bit of market share.
 So we're not seeing this move.
 As far as the percentage of products that would be specified,
 It's the large minority of our products.
 The load of your products, the major issue of your products,
 difficult to shoot a precise number, but the majority of the products would be chosen
 easier by the contractor or by the end user, the end user being either an individual or
 company, more than by an engineering office, typically or by a design bureau or by an architect.
 now again
 When it is a contractor choosing, or the end user choosing,
 Are they usually choosing lower-value product?
 The answer is no.
 and you can still sell very added value products to those guys.
 So I may add maybe one factor, the current fees or pricing fees of energy, topic for
 because I think that I'm turning to my colleagues
 that they can confirm the number,
 number, but I think the energy cost is 0.5% of ourselves. So you see it's a
 If you're a pair of tanks of Indian roads, it's not big, so it's not a big, let's say,
 for us, it can even provide additional opportunities and push people, engineering offices, contractors
 and users toward buying a lot more energy-efficient
 see your native solutions.
 you know when you are hitting cost is increasing by 20 or 30 percent and
 And statistics show that in France it represents 1,200 euro a year, where maybe it's a good
 opportunity for you to buy a thermostat which you're going to pay a 250 euro, 200 euro
 and which would help you to save 15, 20, 25% of your bill.
 So, you know, not only we are not seeing any negative mix,
 effects coming from the current, let's say, supply chain crisis. But on top of that, it
 could even provide a number of opportunities,
 either in terms of market share if you can be better than your competitors or in terms
 of setting more products to help people to reduce their energy bill.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question from Eric Lomarier from Bayern Garnier, please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I got two, if I may. The first one regarding the
 The product you mentioned, the faster expanding product,
 you've most successful product like connected product,
 solution for data center, et cetera.
 Do you think you've got more pricing power
 with this type of product than for the other product
 of Le Grand, my first question.
 And I'm going to stick on one, we're going to 2022 next year.
 In a scenario where it's further inflation next year, do you think you would have further
 room for the leeway to offset that inflation in terms of pricing, cost
 cutting, restructuring or would it be would it be too much for the dorm?
 The question is concerned.
 We have neither more nor less pricing capability in those faster spending segments than the
 I don't think there is a specific difference back then except that they are going faster.
 So, no, I wouldn't tell you that we have more pricing power, as far as the 2022 is concerned,
 I'll not repeat the fact that we are very confident in our ability to deliver or meet
 guidance, which implied midterm and average 20% a bit, but on top of that, given the fact
 that we are pretty reasonable in terms of pricing, that's the feeling I have, not doing
 too much of pricing.
 That's probably a bit more margin for my number for 2022 if we need it.
 And as far as cost management is concerned, we have reinvested into costs that were needed in 2021.
 So again, if needed, we will have the ability to put cost under a little bit more constraints.
 I'm not giving any warning for 2032, we will give a guidance in February 2022 and you can
 I expect that the meet-up guidance will be expected.
 Maybe one indication on our Cosmase, which I didn't give and which can be useful, I told
 You know that our life for like 6 over 9 months increased by 16%.
 our life and SGNA in nine months of 2021.
 So at the same time, you have whether the reason why
 we can compensate the increase in raw materials and components,
 not only for pricing, but also to leverage.
 And on top of that, you can see that we are punctually
 into especially SGNA, wherever needed.
 So we are not cutting further on cost.
 we are putting some cost back into the machine.
 part of that cost, of course, is variable, but part of it is also fixed and discussed.
 So, no, I wouldn't give you today a specific warning of concern for 2022, of course, our
 budget process is going on, and we'll tell you more on February 22nd when we release our
 Thank you for your numbers.
 Thank you, thank you very much.
 Thank you. Next question from Jonathan Monty from Exxon. Please go ahead.
 Yes, thanks for sitting me in. So yeah, on the first question, maybe back to the same
 that you were talking about there.
 I think about Q4 and the guidance you've given,
 what it implies for margins.
 and the conversations we were just listening to
 around pricing and how far to push it
 and how pushing it much further, which you could do,
 would probably ultimately hurt your market share, which seems to be something you don't
 want to do. If that's the case then you're kind of a bit boxed in in terms of pricing
 from here at least for a while and margins are obviously under pressure in Q4 and I just
 As we go into Q1 and Q2 of next year,
 Is this just something we have to wear there?
 I listened to your comment around confident
 you can recover the margin to 20% on the midterm.
 and is that really how we should read things
 that the exit rate next year can be 20%.
 But honestly, you know, as we move into the early part of next year, we're going to have
 to accept margins sub-20 for a while because you can't pull the lever of price without
 in market share or is there an alternative such as a more aggressive restructuring campaign
 that we could see announced shortly as a different level you could pull to offset the headwinds
 as you now seem to be experiencing.
 Well, I told you that I didn't want to comment in detail 2022.
 I'll not go one step beyond of commenting Q1 and Q2, 2022,
 Again, the performance of the one quarter and it applies, you know, my comment is more
 Q4 2021 is not of great interest to me and you know 17% or 18% or even 16% a bit margin
 of a quarter is not to be concerned, provided number one.
 I'm fully in line with my yearly guidance, and the 20% you give it margin.
 Number two, I'm doing what it takes to serve my customers,
 accelerate by top line growth and reinforce the group positioning.
 So, well, I know that it will not pre-safety answer your question, but again, we'll discuss
 22 guidance in February.
 Okay.
 I guess it's that same.
 You should trust a bit the Grand when we are telling you that we will do whatever it
 takes to deliver on mid-term guidance?
 yes
 We intend to achieve a rear, of course.
 Yeah, I have confidence on you recovering at 20% margin.
 Just note that the exit rate is going to be something closer to 17.9.
 I think you've said as we leave 2021.
 On maybe a different topic, acquisitions,
 Obviously, originally, you were going into three.
 I mean, we can never be sure about the scope of the fact
 the timing that deals land or indeed when you choose to start consolidating deals that
 you do.
 How is the pay
 .
 line looking right now.
 now, can we expect the usual sort of 4% contribution to the top line next year or is it becoming
 more difficult to get deals across the line in this sort of inflationary environment?
 Well, we are indeed saying that the scope of consideration should be nearly 3 percent,
 But actually, it does not depend on further this to be made.
 We depend on how fast we will consolidate those who are already announced, namely two, and
 to an ecotap, we can consolidate them before the end of the year and the scope of costation
 will be slightly above 3% or we can't and the scope of consideration will be slightly
 below 3%.
 frankly speaking, it's not a big deal that we are not rushing to consolidate, you know,
 For me it's not an absolute mess to be exactly at 3.1 and I can very much live with 2.8 for example
 because we wouldn't have too much in concentrating.
 So, that's why the wording is nearly, it depends on the ability to consider that fact, which
 And it does not only depend on us, but also on the state of the financials and the readiness
 of the companies to be consolidated. As far as our sort of mid-term...
 scope effect. What we said during our investor day was that the history fleet was plus 4%
 excluding a big deal, my stone, and excluding my stone, it was 3%.
 So we are not changing at all together, we are shooting, let's say, between a plus
 we are plus four percent depending on whether or not we are doing a bigger deal. If we could
 do more, five or six, we would of course be delighted to do so provided we are
 paying the right companies.
 Just comment as far as I'll.
 pipeline is concerned. Well, we still have a number of discussions going on, so I'm not afraid
 the vulnerability to further this in the quarters to come.
 we have quality discussions of course sometimes the prices are a bit high because there are
 There's plenty of cash in the bucket.
 It has always been the grand core asset to be able to buy quality companies at reasonable
 prices, that's what we did this year and it's doing a good job and that's what we intend
 do the quarter to come. So, no, there's still a number of discussions going on. I couldn't
 be precise on when they will materialize because until you have signed the acquisition contract
 can even sometimes close the deal.
 you're never sure to make it.
 So I couldn't be more specific except to tell you
 that the pipeline is not empty.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Next question from Simon, Susan search for Jeffries. Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning everybody, thanks for taking the question.
 My first one, it's just maybe a bit more clarification on the organic growth guide, please.
 He's specific.
 about the comms you're seeing in the U.S. in the fourth quarter.
 I think last year you were down 11% in the US versus the minus 1.5% decline in Q3, so
 you're facing significantly easier comps.
 she's saying non-residious, improving sequentially.
 So I would think the US should grow very nicely for you in Q4.
 So how should we read this into your quite conservative,
 implied Q4 guide?
 Secondly, on China, you sang in the presentation,
 was up double digits in the first nine months.
 H1 you said it was up double digits, but maybe you can talk a bit more about how Q3 was maybe even throughout Q3
 I know it's small for you, but just interested in that.
 And lastly, can you comment a bit on your customer churn in any way over the last, say,
 12 to 18 months.
 has this changed in any way given pricing strategies?
 Thanks.
 Q4 is concerned for the U.S.
 The fact is that it was Q4 2019, which was very strong, especially compared to our competitors.
 And if you look at 2019 compared to 2018, all of our listed peers, namely the Eton,
 the Hubble, the Invent, all those guys went down pretty significantly and our performance
 performance was a lot better. I think our performance was something like plus two in
 Q4 2019 compared to Q4 2018 and all of our peers were down sometimes 3, 4, 5, 6% so I
 I think the performance in Q4 2021 will have to be compared with Q4 2019, which is sort
 to your comparison, which must be done for all our areas in 2021, given the very specific
 pattern of the year 2020. So that's why we don't expect, you know, fantastic loss in
 the U.S. because it's better to compare them to yours.
 It's pretty, pretty difficult.
 As far as China is concerned, when I told you that both the nine-months-period and the
 Q4 was positive. If you look at about 2 years and 9 months were up double digit, well it
 is true that Q3 is a couple of points less than Monsou's, but nothing to be worried about
 The pattern is still very, very positive.
 But what to expect going ahead, it will depend very much on the, of course, the Chinese
 economy, Chinese GDP, if I may, we are so small in China, remind you that it's 4% of
 I'll see you guys next time.
 that we should be able to pursue a gross strategy even if the market is not super positive.
 It's not saying that we will grow in China whatever happens, but it means that, for example,
 We will continue to look at potential acquisitions in China.
 We've done two in the past four years and we remain interested to do more and will keep
 to keep investing into new products and a pretty confident in rapidity,
 turn to keep growing nicely in China.
 So to make an observation, nothing specific
 between H1 and Q3.
 No precise guidance for the rest of the year, no for 2022 because it's too early, and number
 three, we intend to pursue an offensive growth strategy in China, because we believe that
 we should grow this 4% of our cells to something bigger.
 As far as customer insurance is concerned, we haven't seen a significant customer going
 going down, I mean, you know, going out of business here in 2020 because of financial
 constraints.
 reason why customers are and and we continue to work with all the big guys
 since it's tripping, either big distributors, DIY,
 internet pure player, professional distributors, as well as big contractors and spotter contractors.
 I don't see anything specific coming from customer churn that would be worth mentioning.
 We have a pretty solid and stable customer base, and I haven't seen a big shift from
 on one customer to another coming from the crisis.
 Again, you are mentioning pricing?
 You know, a bit, seeing such as the one we are seeing is a plus 2.7% in the last nine
 months or the plus 4.3 in Q3 is not a never seen in the whole history we have
 several years with pricing at plus 3 or plus 4 percent. So I wouldn't want you to
 to seeing that this pricing is so exceptional that it is completely changing the mind of
 the market or changing the players that are active in the market.
 We show from time to time in the past years.
 Thanks, Benoit.
 Thank you. Next question from William Mackey from Kepler-Chevrope. Go ahead.
 Good morning and thank you for the time.
 for the time.
 I wanted to ask another question on the USA, please,
 just if you can help us understand.
 But if I think about the year and how it's developed,
 I think in Q1, you've had 4% growth and non-rezi declined.
 Thank you, too.
 you had 15% growth.
 And again, your non-resi was nearly unchanged.
 and in Q3, in value terms, you're reporting a 1% decline,
 but you're saying that non-resi in the nine months has slightly grown.
 So can you be a bit more specific about why
 there was such a drop.
 It seems to be, if we assume pricing was plus four,
 Thank you.
 Q3, then there's a volume drop of about 5 percentage points.
 non-rezi was growing according to your commentary.
 So why is there such an apparent drop in Q4
 around data centers and residential.
 or perhaps I'm reading it the wrong way.
 How would you describe the trend in the segment in Q3 across the business lines?
 more commenting over two years than over one year.
 Because when it comes to top line, the year 2020 is so, let's say, strange, if I may say,
 then one year comparison doesn't make a lot of sense.
 For example, in Q3, in the US, Q3 2020, because there was sort of consequences from the end
 of the various lockdowns happening here and there.
 So the basis for comparison Q3 in residential is strong.
 And as a result, the Q3 performance in 2021 for residential is a bit smooth, but again,
 It's not coming from any negative trend.
 It's coming from the baby for comparison.
 That's why I'm, as much as possible, analyzing the numbers over to use.
 And over two years, that's what I can tell you,
 President Shaw, I mean, up double digit,
 in nine months.
 up WDGIT in Q3 with about the same number, so over two years, no changing trend for
 Center is very strong growth over two years in 9 months, very strong growth over two years
 in Q3.
 not slightly lower in Q3s than over nine months,
 but it's not significant, and, as a whole, it is going fast.
 Now, other non-resi, it's double digit in H1,
 is down single digit in Q3.
 And as a result, it's still down double digit in nine months,
 but less than in each one.
 And from those numbers, I'm deriving the comments I'm making on trends, saying trends in Rezzi
 are still good, even though Q3 alone over one year,
 It's smooth, but it's busy for comparison to a big.
 The market itself is still supportive.
 The market is still very supportive for the data center and for others in the region, there
 is some some
 of improvement.
 Because, you know, the decrease in cells is more or less cut by half between H1 and
 Q3.
 that as a sort of sign for improvement, even though it's negative of what you use.
 Is that clear?
 perfectly clear. Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you that was the last question back to you for the conclusion
 Well, a lot of patience and for the time you dedicated to Tour le Grand and have a good day.
 Thank you very much. And of course, Ronan, Marc, Sami Ben Said, Franck Lebrun and myself
 myself will be available until the end of the week to answer any additional questions
 you may have.
 Thank you.