 Thank you, David. And good afternoon, folks.
 You'll find the details of revenue starting on slide number 10 of your deck.
 Strong and continued volume growth by Prolia, and I'm more recently loaned to brands like
 for Patha, Chyprolos, and Bonsaito,
 I'll post it to clients and a lot of mature brands.
 Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales growth was flat year over year, as reported
 sales declined 1%, declined 2% year-over-year, and sales outside the US grew 5% excluding
 the impact of foreign exchange driven by a robust 8% volume growth.
 Let me start with Prolia.
 Prolier continues to deliver exceptional performance after being on the market for over seven years.
 Prolet grew 22% year-over-year with double-digit volume growth in all markets, primary from
 and share games.
 Court on quarter we saw a slight decline which follows the typical pattern for prolier in the first and the third quarters
 Earlier, as Bob said, it's a unique asset with a very strong value proposition.
 This remains a large underserved osteoporotic population at risk for fracture.
 These fractures often cause loss of independence for patients and place a large burden on caregivers
 and society.
 main focus on improving diagnosis and treating rates in order to bring prolier to more these
 I just need
 With share around 20% in most markets, there continues to be a lot of room for pro-rear
 to grow, and we are investing accordingly. As I mentioned before, there are some countries
 such as Australia, Switzerland, and Ireland, with better
 diagnosis and treatment rates for osteoporosis.
 where pro-lea has a 50% share or better.
 These are countries that truly understand the societal cost of non-intervention.
 Cyprus grew 13% year-over-year in a competitive multiple-mile segment with several new entrants.
 Outside the U.S., we continue to see strong growth from both existing and new markets.
 Cyprolis is a unique product in a competitive position, having two compelling sets of overall
 survival data in relapsed multiple myeloma patients.
 Our most recent market share date in the U.S. shows an improvement in new patient share
 in the second line setting.
 This is an important leading indicator for sales growth
 future coders.
 Our product also continues to have a prominent position
 in the MCCM guidelines for all lines of therapy.
 Exjevish declined 2% year over year.
 Primely due to a shift in timing of purchases from some from some larger end customers
 We believe it achieves a position for growth in 2018 with the addition of a multiple myeloma
 indication.
 That's a decline of 6% year-over-year.
 due to a shift in timing of purchases by some larger end
 customers, as well as a small decline in the number of malice oppressive chemotherapy
 Thank you very much.
 The on-pro kit grew shared to 56% of new LASTA units and we expect to continue to drive additional
 on production into two thousand nineteen
 Our most recent in market data shows that on-pro drives better adherence to therapy, which
 leads to lowering of rates of fibromutrient P in there, and in fact lower rates of hospitalization.
 Simply put, on-pro is a better value to the healthcare system, and this is an important
 point of potential differentiation for the future.
 New Belgium.
 active short acting by some of the competition was consistent with prior
 trends. We exit the quarter with 41% share of the short acting segment and we've continued
 to maintain pricing discipline, despite the competitive pressures New Virginia's faced
 to the last several years.
 General sales declined 6% year-over-year in line with prescription trends.
 We expect...
 these prescription trends to continue into 2018. Second growth, year-over-year,
 was in line with last quarter across both rheumatology and dermatology segments, confirming
 the rebound from the slower growth scene in quarter one.
 one.
 Andrew lost, less than a point of shame.
 segments in this quarter consistent with prior trends.
 Quarter three so a low single-digit year-over-year decline in net selling price
 Yes.
 Overall, we expect there to be a very slight year-over-year decline in that selling price
 for the full year 2017.
 most forming decision for 2018 and I've been finalized and we expect the net
 selling price trends of 2017 to continue into 2018.
 You may recall that we noticed some potential excess end-user inventory at the end of quarter two.
 and use the infinity levels or estimate it by deducting the value of prescriptions
 from the value of wholesale shipping to end customers based on this data we did
 not see a depletion in the third quarter and if prior fourth quarter patterns
 hold, we would not expect a depletion in the fourth quarter either.
 We continue to make investments to maximise animals' long-term value, such as the imminent
 launch of our emerald auto-touch, a reusable auto-injector that is ergonomically designed
 to meet the needs of rheumatoid arthritis patients.
 Lastly, we look forward to extending our information franchising to Europe next year with the launch
 of Amjavida, a bio-summoner to Humaira.
 for modest declines of 3% year-over-year.
 We had a small, unfavorable impact on foreign exchange,
 and unit volume declined slightly globally.
 He presumed the glowing 21% year over year, the primary driver was lower net selling prices
 in line with quarter one and quarter two,
 as a result of our extended delivery agreement.
 In the third quarter, we did not see any underlying changes in the effigent business.
 to have some unfavorable imagery changes which added to the year of a year decline.
 Census bar increased 10% here over here, primarily due to net selling price.
 We've now launched passable in over 10 countries in Europe, and our partner, Ohno, has had
 a very successful launch in Japan.
 We are preparing to launch in the U.S. when CMS reimbursement code for possible becomes
 effective on January 1, 2018.
 Not to Rupatha.
 Cardiovascular team continued its strong, competitive execution, reaching 60% of total
 prescription share in the US and 57% in the EU. In the US, new to brand share, which in
 in my mind is a forecaster for future sales.
 in the U.S. reached 74 percent.
 Consequently, our Rx grew by 20% in the U.S. However, sequential sales growth was tempered
 by changes in inventory and accounting adjustments
 that benefit of the second quarter.
 We continue to work hard with players to improve access for appropriate patients and we look
 forward to the FDA's priority review of repassive cardiovascular outcomes data, which will allow
 us to start promoting for pathos ability to reduce heart attacks and strokes with both
 physicians and patients in December this year.
 cardiovascular disease continues to be the number one cause of death and
 There's ability in the world, and it's a top priority at AMGEN to ensure that appropriate
 patients have access to a pathway.
 So in conclusion, we are focused on a strong finish to 2017, as we prepare for numerous
 launches in 2018, which include our Rappata Outcomes label,
 the Indrel Auto Touch device.
 I'm Avik from Migraine.
 possible, the exjiva multiple myeloma indication, as well as
 laws, opportunities from our biosomal franchise.
 Let me for a moment stop and say thank you to all the engine staff who worked so hard
 and TIE will flee this quarter to get our important drugs to patients around the world.
 Now let me pass you the show.
 This is for Chris Tony.
 Clearly, I'm not happy with 56%, if I look at the product value that this thing brings
 in terms of enhancing patients' ability to go home,
 the value to a large institution in terms of how they treat patients, we will continue
 to drive hard to increase that share beyond 56 percent.
 Okay, Matt, so Tony, let me respond there.
 Okay, so the market share we've achieved today has been in the presence of a competitor.
 So, as I think about going forward,
 we will continue to be competitive.
 and I think getting more and more patients
 Honourable pastor is our objective, which we've been quite successful with.
 We are working extensively with players at the moment in terms of improving potentially
 the
 utilization management criteria and working on trying to reduce the own
 bureaucracy that takes place and frustrates physicians at the moment.
 We look forward to being able to pull some of these things through potentially in 2019.
 Welcome. Clearly, we think that the market in the beginning will be a branded buy of
 similar market and therefore the value we bring as an organization about the quality
 and the continuity of our supply is really important.
 the relationships we have with large institution,
 with small community clinics is really going to be important as well, so we'll focus
 very clear upon our relationships of the past, our skills of the past, as well as the value
 the product we bring to market.
 Okay.
 So, as I said, the end user inventory is a triangulation we do in an attempt to give
 you guys as much visibility as possible about what we know to allow you to run your models.
 But, fundamentally, we do the calculation based on what the Rx's are in the marketplace,
 which I'm never a hundred percent,
 And mine is what we know our whole to the soul, to the end users, and the bounds we
 assume is an imagery build. When I look back five years, I've never seen an
 and immediately burn in the fourth quarter,
 So we're making the assumption that there wouldn't be an enemy to burn this fourth
 quarter as well.
 As regards to 2018...
 2018, as I said in my earlier comments, most of our contracts have been negotiated, although
 So that doesn't mean that there won't be negotiations that continue going forward during
 2018, we do expect the net selling price for Enroll, the trend you've seen in 2017, we
 We expect that to continue to 2018.
 We are bringing parts of it to market based on the clinical data we have at present, right?
 So, by definition, secondary HPT is a very difficult thing to treat and adherence is
 a real problem.
 I think we have about 150,000 patients on the drug at the moment, which is only about
 a 26% penetration.
 The head-to-head data we have has shown a greater level of efficacy of passive boob and
 Without that, in our mind, we will see a better level of adherence
 as physicians are back in control.
 All the feedback we've had today from nephrologists
 in the marketplace has been very good.
 They are looking forward to having this drug available.
 So whether it's a switch or a replacement or a usage during a treatment period will be
 dependent upon the physician or the dialysis unit in terms of their guidelines.
 So, this is Tony. Thanks, Corey.
 I just came back from the International Headache Conference, which was in Vancouver, where
 I was meeting with a group of keeping and leaders and individuals who run headache clinics
 together with me with my counterpart from Novartis, Paul Hudson, so he and I will work
 in this together so as we think strategically the two organizations are doing a lot of strategic
 thinking together. We both jointly agree we probably saw more enthusiasm from this set
 of neurophysicians than we've ever seen in many other physicians in other congresses.
 talking about, you know, this is the first time they've been able to potentially prescribe
 a migraine drug for migraine patients in two decades.
 So, I came away feeling much more positive about the scientific understanding, the clinical
 need and the large population that is waiting for this.
 The work we've done at the moment with migraine bloggers and patients who are suffering from
 migraine has also been very beneficial. We understand much better now, the patient's
 journey, the importance of the work we have to do with patients, and their
 willingness to work with us to spread this good message once we have our drug approved.
 Obviously, we continue to work with payers in strategic discussions, but we haven't made
 in the final decisions around pricing as we go forward.
 Sure is that so I think first of all the magnitude of the market is different right in the u.s
 we estimate about 3.5 million patients right now are being treated for prophylactic treatment
 of migraine.
 A lot of those patients fail, a lot of those patients go off treatment because of side
 effects. A lot of those patients find that treatment is not effective. I think we believe
 that will clearly be positioned for patients who've failed existing therapy and last but
 I think patients are much more aware of the disease.
 disease. This is a symptomatic disease when you have a migraine, you're very much aware
 So I think patient mobilization in terms of their voice around the need to have access
 to drug is going to be important.
 The value these drugs bring to the marketplace, too,
 when you think about how debilitating migraine really is
 in terms of stopping people from going to work,
 preventing people from being mothers or caregivers.
 There's huge value to society to allow these people to get back their independence and
 to become normal citizens again.
 If you believe that a biosomber has to be a decision made by a physician, you want clarity
 around each single product has to be able to retract
 in the marketplace. So we're working hard to ensure that we have actual Jcode by-product
 as we go forward.
 The pricing one, I'm not quite sure what the competition is doing and that's the decision.
 So, I don't think any of the imagery movement had anything to do with the hurricane.
 Most of the discrepancies were as a result of contracts ending early and buying in the
 took place in the second quarter, which would normally happen in the third quarter. There
 was sufficient inventory both in our supply chain here as well as in the whole
 further supply chain during this period.
 I think if you were at the ESC recently, when we presented some of the sub cuts of the path
 outcomes data, and we looked at the cohort where you had patients who entered at LDL
 below 70 and how as you drove LDL down to levels way below 70, you actually got a higher
 reduction in my colin foxon and reduction in stroke
 And our data alone showing up to about a 33% reduction in MI.
 I can't understand why you wouldn't want to do anything
 other than drive LVL down as low as you can.
 Um, so, so our drug does that other drugs done