 Hello, good afternoon or good morning, wherever you might be.
 Welcome to the London Energy Q4 2021 results and also the 2022 business outlook and budget
 for the year. We'll run today like a normal set of results actually. We'll have Nick Walker
 talk to the top line, some operational highlights, and then we'll hand over to Dan Fitzgerald,
 he'll talk you through the operations and then over to Titer Poulsen, he'll talk you
 through the financial performance for the year and an outlook into 2022. After that will
 followed by the Q&A and we'll run it by the conference call line first Q&A and then I'll
 I'll host the calls from the web thereafter.
 So thanks for joining.
 And I'll hand over to Nick Walker who'll kick off the presentation.
 Thank you, Ed, and good afternoon or good morning if you're joining us from North America.
 And it's great to have you all join our London Energy's 2021 results discussion and 2022
 business outlook. Of course, given the transaction we announced with ACA-BP in December, the
 The format today is naturally slightly different to our usual capital markets day.
 And as Ed says, I'll give an overview and then give an insight into the ACCPP transaction
 and then we'll run through the agenda and of course, as usual, we'll give you the
 opportunities for you answer your questions at the end.
 So, first of all, the key highlights for 2021, I'm really pleased to report record
 production and record financial results for the full year. This is underpinned by continued
 excellent operating performance and of course the strong oil and gas prices
 that we're enjoying today.
 You can see our world-class assets continue to outperform,
 Full year production, you can see, came in at 190,000 BOEs per day, that's top of the
 original guidance range, and we exceeded the year at just under 200,000 BOE's per day.
 All of our key projects are on track in the Greater Evergreen Creek area.
 We delivered an infill drilling program and we delivered two tie-back projects to the
 facilities, Solvai and Rolls-Ness, and all of those projects came in on budget and on
 schedule. And together with a number of new projects that are being planned, we'll keep
 the facilities fall in the long term.
 term.
 Jens Federer at Phase 2 remains firmly on schedule for first oil later this year, which
 which will provide a big boost to our production, as you'll see when Dan talks.
 And we have two projects in the Alvime area just started in the execution phase.
 We again grew the business with a resource replacement ratio last year of 200%, and I
 And I see more to come from continued growth in our world-class assets and I think Dan
 And we'll give you a flavor for that when he talks.
 Our high quality cash generative business delivered record financial results you can
 see continuing industry-leading low operating costs of $3.1 per BOE in the year.
 generated record free cash flow on the back of strong production performance and strong
 prices of $1.6 billion for the year. That's over three times our annual dividends and
 And results in us deleveraging the business, with net debt reduced to $2.7 billion at the
 year end. We're also making great progress on our decarbonisation plan with the company
 set to be carbon neutral by 2023 from operational emissions.
 And I see this as a key value differentiator for London Energy and supports our top quartile
 ESG ratings. And this is the foundation of our recent inclusion in the Dow Jones sustainability
 index for Europe. And I think this is a big deal. It's one of the biggest accolades you
 you can get in relation to ESG.
 So in summary, we've delivered excellent results in 2021.
 and all of our key business priorities are on track.
 But also, at the end of last year, I was very pleased that we announced a transaction where
 We're combining London Energy's E&P business with ACA-BP to create the leading European
 independent EMP company and I'll talk about that in a few moments.
 But first, looking forward to what can you expect in 2022.
 You can see we're guiding production of 180,000 to 200,000 BOEs per day and that's consistent
 with what we've indicated previously,
 with the main variable being the timing of the start-up of Jens Federer per phase two,
 As I've discussed, we're set to be carbon-neutral by the end of this year, and we're continuing
 to sustain low operating costs. $3.6 per barrel is the guidance for this year. That's
 slightly above 2021 levels, but that's due to start-up phase of
 Yoans-Fedrup and when we get to a full year of production on Yoans-Fedrup phase two then
 it drops down again in 2023.
 delivery.
 In terms of operational delivery, you'll see that Johans Federer at Phase 2 comes online
 in the fourth quarter of the year, lifting capacity through the field to 755,000 barrels
 of oil per day, gross.
 At Evergreek, we expect to see three new project sanctions by the end of the year supporting
 this long-term production plateau extension. An electrification of the facilities will
 start up later in the year. And this is, of course, a key element to our decarbonisation
 plan. And at the large whisting field where we increased our interest last year to 35%
 will sanction that project development at the end of the year and this provides material
 support to the long-term production outlook for the business.
 And of course, during the year, we expect the transaction that could be Peter Complete
 around the middle of the year.
 and on the back of that strong performance and the outlook for the business and as we announced at
 at the end of last year. The board is recommending to the 2022 AGM, a quarterly dividend increase
 by 25% from this year. So on an annual basis that's $2.25 per share which will be paid
 quarterly. This is in line with our dividend policy to grow shareholder returns and this
 the increased dividend level will remain payable until closure of the ACA BP transaction.
 I now intend to run through a couple of slides that talk about the proposed ACABP, London
 energy combination.
 London Energy is a track record of creating value for shareholders for over 20 years,
 which you can see shown in this slide.
 So, since the company's inception, the share price has grown from three-sec per share in
 in 2001 to roughly $375 per share today, while also along the way distributing around $2.5
 million dollars through spin outs and dividends. And this represents a 28% compound annual
 average return every year for 20 years.
 years.
 However, the board has felt for a while that to prosper through the energy transition that
 we need to build greater scale while retaining focus being low cost and low
 carbon, which led to the process that we ran during the second half of last year, resulting
 this proposed transaction, where we announced in December to combine London Energy's EMP
 business with ACA BP, and leaving London Energy Renewables Business, which is positioned
 to grow. And I think this creates more value for shareholders that I think selling the
 The renewable business with the E&P business would not create that extra value.
 So I'm convinced this transaction will continue our path of creating value for shareholders.
 So, focusing now on the details of the transaction.
 The pro-
 opposed combination of ACQPP and London Energy's E&P business, I think is a tremendous deal
 to combine these two great companies drawing on the best of both to make something even
 bigger and better. It creates a Norwegian pure play EMP company of scale, production
 growth, low cost, and low carbon emissions that I think is set to prosper through the
 energy transition. It will be Europe's leading independent A&P company and one of the top
 not independence in the world, with a market cap of today around $23 billion, and will
 be Norway's third ranked listed company by value.
 I think it's a great deal where the value of the combined business is greater than the
 component parts. And I think in this case we can truly say 1 plus 1 is equal to more
 than two. And for the London Energy Shareholders, this will deliver significant upfront cash
 consideration of approximately 72 sec per share that's around 20% of the value
 of the company, the opportunity to be a shareholder in the leading European A&P company, and you
 You can see receiving roughly 0.95 ACA BP shares for every one London energy share you
 hold and a retained interest in the new renewables business that is set for growth.
 And the combined business has the financial strength and cash flow profile to pay a growing
 and Sustainable Dividend into the next decade.
 ACABP has announced a 14% increase in dividend for this year and the current buying group
 will pay an annual dividend of $1.9 per year post completion on a quarterly basis. And
 the intent that is that will grow there after by at least 5% per annum.
 And so I'm convinced that this combination proposal with ACAVP is a win-win outcome for
 both sets of shareholders, and I think in terms of the process moving forward on the
 transaction, the London Energy shareholders will be asked to vote on the transaction at
 our AGM at the end of March. And the ACA BP shareholders will vote early April. And then
 there's some necessary approvals, government approvals and competition authority approvals
 in Norway, which I think I see as a formality which will lead to closing of the transaction
 around the middle of the year.
 And this is what the combined company looks like.
 will have reserves and resources of over 2.7 billion BOEs. Production today will be around
 400,000 BOE's per day in 2022 and that will grow to over 525,000 BOE's per day in 2028.
 You can see industry leading low operating costs of less than $7 a barrel and industry
 leading low-carbon emissions of around one-quarter of industry average, providing the combined
 entity the opportunity to continue a progressive and market
 leading decarbonisation strategy, which I think you will hear more about from ACA
 in that Q4 results.
 and also delivering sustainable and growing dividends.
 And this creates a company of scale, production growth, low cost, low carbon emissions, which
 as I say, I think will prosper through the energy transition.
 Thank you for watching.
 And for the remaining London energy business, this will be a new renewable company that
 we intend to grow. It has three high-quality renewable assets in the Nordics, which when
 fully built out will produce 600 gigawatt hours per annum net this business will be
 debt-free and with significant cash reserves to complete the projects and generating free
 cash flow from the end of 2023 and with the financial capacity to grow the business.
 We also intend to position this to pursue other opportunities and consider other opportunities
 through the energy transition.
 in.
 business will remain listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm exchange. And I think this is really
 a great opportunity to grow and create for the significant value from this business and
 And we will outline what the business plan, the management, board and governance details
 are going to be for this on the 7th of March so that you can understand the opportunity
 ahead of our AGM.
 So that's what I wanted to cover, so now I'm going to hand over to Dan who will give you some more details on our operations.
 operations, so over to you Dan.
 Thank you Nick and it's a pleasure to be here presenting today what has been a phenomenal
 year of performance for Lundin. I'm notwithstanding the ACA BP transaction a really exciting outlook
 for 2022 with a lot of activity aimed at continuing to grow the business.
 business.
 And so, if we look across the operations and the assets that we have today, it's been
 another year of really good top tier operating performance.
 On Johann Svedrip, the excellent performance we've seen over the past 18 months, two years
 has continued in the same fashion, and we're going to touch a little bit later on where
 we see opportunities for resource or further resource growth in Yohan's
 that's my drop.
 Edvard Grieg, we've seen a reserves upgrade of around 40 million barrels this year, which
 is more than we produced from the area in 2021. And that that comes from not only the
 the Edvard Grieg field, but starting to see some of the upsides in the tiebacks and so
 So we'll delve into those a little bit more and the activities that we have to continue
 that growth into the future.
 future.
 We have five new projects moving towards sanction this year and that corresponds to net resources
 of around 240 million barrels that we're aiming to mature in towards the reserves at the end
 of the year. And each of those projects has an exciting potential to continue to grow
 beyond what we put forward in these project sanctions.
 If we look at the resource replacement, we've added two barrels for every barrel we produced
 in 2021, and that comes primarily from the whisting acquisition we announced at the end
 of last year, growth in the Edvard Grieg area and the subsea tiebacks to Edvard Grieg as
 well and that corresponds to 140 million barrels of 2P plus 2C resource
 additions in 2021.
 And the operating performance of the assets really has been world-class, we've been at
 98% on Edvard Grieg and Johann Svedrup and 95 on Alfheim which really is
 is well-classed performance from all of these assets.
 And something you'll see which is unparalleled in the industry when you look broadly across
 not only Norway but the wider industry and we've done that at an all-in cost of
 3.1 dollars per barrel net to our SOPEX and a carbon intensity of less than 3 kilograms
 of CO2 per barrel, which is really world-class operating performance.
 comments.
 Nick touched quickly on our production in 2021,
 And we finished the year above the top end of our original guidance range at just over
 190,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
 You see here the growth towards the tail end of the year with 194 in Q3 and 195 in Q4.
 And December finished just shy of 200,000 barrels per day.
 And the outperformance in 2021 really was due to Edvard Grieg and a little bit from your
 a hunts fed drip.
 really high production efficiency on both assets and we saw some increased capacity
 available on evergreek which we took advantage of towards the tail end of the
 year and that puts us in a position where now for six and a half years the
 company has been delivering at or above the midpoint of its production guidance range,
 which is really an outstanding achievement, all considered.
 If we look f-
 forward towards 2022 and this year, we've given guidance of 180,000 to 200,000 barrels
 of oil equivalent per day, and that range is really driven by two main themes of activities.
 In Q2 we'll see turnarounds planned outages on Johan Svedrup, which will be the hookup
 and commissioning of the phase 2 platform, which will have been lifted late in Q1 of
 of this year.
 Edvard Grieg has a plan maintenance turnaround as well in Q2.
 And then in Q4, we see the start-up of Johan's
 FEDERATE FACE 2 and that really drives the opening and increasing of our guidance range
 towards the end of the year. And there's some flex in that range. In the low side we see
 at start later in Q4 and in the high side we see it starting in the early part of Q4.
 And so the external guidance for Johans Fedrup is firmly on track for Q4, and we see a range
 of outcomes possible in our external guidance for next year, for this year, sorry.
 And all of that will be completed with operating costs still in our long-term guidance range
 of between three and four dollars per barrel and we maintain that range as we look forward
 with another year behind us.
 2021, our out turn on the year was around just over $0.10 higher than what we expected
 at $3.10, still industry leading levels, but we're impacted towards the tail end of the
 year by increased carbon prices and increased electricity prices.
 As we move into 2022, we're guiding at $3.60 per BOE, and that takes into account the fact
 that we have increased costs in Johansfedrup and we don't benefit from all of the production
 outside we see getting phase two online.
 We also see an increase in in carbon pricing and electricity pricing which has taken into
 account in this guidance.
 As we roll then into 2023 and we see a full year of production impact from Johan's federal
 Phase 2. We'll see our operating costs reduce back to our long-term average of between three
 and four and down at the lower end of that range while we remain on plateau for Johans
 So, all in all, we remain industry leading on operating costs and we expect to maintain
 that guidance going forwards.
 Our carbon neutral promise still stands firm and we're now less than 12 months away from
 from being carbon neutral on our operations.
 And the three key pillars we have driving that carbon neutrality is firstly powering
 our assets from shore.
 Secondly, powering them by renewable assets, which
 we've invested in, and third, natural carbon capture projects.
 And on the electrification, we expect to see this online in Q4 of this year, when
 Edward Grieg and Johann Svederup phase two are both powered from shore and once we see
 Phase 2 online, then we'll see Edward Greek powered from shore through the P2 platform.
 Our renewable projects are progressing well and by the end of next year all three of the
 projects will be fully online. Today like hanger is fully online which is a
 hydropower plant in Norway. MLK, we have around half the turbines generating power. About
 three-quarters of them are fully commissioned and nearly all of them bar one are fully constructed.
 And so we are slightly delayed from our original plan of end of last year, but we expect to
 to see MLK fully online and handed over
 towards the tail end of Q1 this year.
 Then we move into Sweden with our cast-group project,
 And that'll be online towards the tail end of 2023.
 and the project activities have already commenced
 on CASS Group.
 And then our natural carbon capture projects, once we complete those first two pillars,
 There's a small amount of remaining emissions
 our natural carbon capture projects are firmly on track. We've planted around half a million
 trees to date. We have just shy of three million being planted this year and a total of eight
 million trees being planted, which will capture the residual emissions from our business.
 And as we move forward, Nick touched on this a little bit.
 ACA BP will acquire the assets and will pick up all of the electrification projects and
 assets. They will also pick up the natural carbon capture projects with the renewable
 staying behind in Lundin Energy's renewables company and ACA BP are going to communicate
 a little more on this when they come out and speak to the markets later in their Q4 results.
 Then if we start to look through some of the key assets across our portfolio,
 So Johann Svedert really has had another year of world-class delivery.
 We've seen emissions from the Johanns-Fedrobasset at significantly lower than 0.1 kilograms
 of CO2 per barrel, operating costs down at less than $2 a barrel with extremely high
 production efficiency and a credit to all of the teams involved in making this performance
 has happened.
 This will continue with phase two coming on stream
 and we see some of the benefits of that,
 not only on Yohan's Frederick, but in the whole Sierra
 high region with the power from shore infrastructure coming on.
 and so we expect to see this performance continuing on Johan Svedrup.
 If we look at the opportunities for resource growth, then we open this door a little bit
 at the end of last year where we're now looking,
 now that we have more production data from phase one, we're looking at opportunities
 on how we can continue to grow the Yohans-federal field and how we can realize some of the key
 things that we, key themes that we see as upside in Johan's fredrup.
 The first one that we touched on in our reserves announcement and today in our guidance announcement
 is on acceleration.
 And so this year we've put a range of infill wells
 into our 2P reserves, and we see a lot more potential
 in the field for infill drilling and bringing forward some of the tail end resources from
 from Johans Fedrup. And this field has an extremely long tail and a lot of volumes which can
 be recovered over its entire field life. If we're able to take some of those volumes
 and move them forward, extending plateau and arresting the decline of two opportunities
 where we can see significant potential.
 and we're doing pieces of work to try and identify
 and understand what that potential looks like.
 Secondly, there's some constraints around some of the facility's capacity and reservoir
 management that we're trying to understand and investigate here and especially around
 and water handling and water injection,
 We see some significant upside there.
 And finally you can see here the development so far has been concentrated in the field
 centre and we still see significant opportunity and uncertainty around the
 outside and the flanks of the field where there's opportunity for further
 understanding, potentially increased thickness of the reservoir, and further to that further
 development, which could see some of those volumes being produced. So with all three
 of these acceleration through infill drilling, an improvement in capacity and further understanding
 and development of the flanks of the field.
 We see significant running room in Johansfedrup and that in the fullness of time we'll be
 able to share more details of what that looks like.
 like the face-to-project on Johans Fedrup is firmly on schedule for Q4 of this
 year. We're around 70% complete now. We've started drilling on some of the
 satellite areas and the P2 processing platform will be installed in late Q1 of this year
 with the hookup and commissioning in Q2 and the project teams are doing a phenomenal job at
 managing it all of the risks and uncertainties with this project not
 that we're standing COVID over the last two years
 and being able to keep this project firmly on track.
 and not only on track, on schedule,
 we're on cost as well.
 so we still sit with costs in line with the PDO estimate
 for phase two.
 Moving now on to the greater Edvard Grieg area.
 And this really is a core area for lending energy,
 and one where we've seen significant growth
 significant upside, and there's still a significant amount of activity in this region.
 We started with Edvard Grieg at 186 million barrels of 2P reserves when we sanctioned
 the project and now in the greater area we see that growing to 450. If we include the
 the upsides and some potential exploration success, we could be between 600 and 800 million
 barrels of reserves and resources in this area, which is over four times what we started
 And if the Greek itself is performing well, we've seen outperformance reserves increase.
 Solweig has grown over the years.
 And this year as well we see reserves increase because of the results of drilling and we've
 We've got three projects in the area, a further development on Solweig, Robson is fulfilled
 and little Princeton to the north where we see future potential to grow in the
 the Edvard Grieg area.
 At the Greek itself, we announced a just shy of 30 million barrels increase in the two
 reserves from Edvard Grieg and you can see in the bottom left here how much this
 has grown since PDO. 186 million barrels is now just shy of 380 and we still have upsides
 to continue to grow that.
 And where we see upsides, we completed the Info Wells this year on schedule, on budget
 and the productivity from two of these wells
 with the fish bones is significantly higher
 than what we expected to see.
 And so we see further potential to deploy the fish bones
 more towards the eastern flanks of the field
 and the eastern core of the field
 where we have slightly poorer reservoir quality,
 And that's where we see the real benefit of these fish bone completions by increasing
 productivity.
 We drilled for the first time production wells into the Jorvik high in the Jorvik basin
 and we see further running room which will understand a little bit more through the production
 performance of the wells. In the northern area we have two wells already producing
 from the Telus area, where we see a very small layer of Asgard sand sitting above basement,
 And those two wells in the north have seen a really good charge from the basement into
 to this thin sand giving us good production performance.
 And so we'll talk in a slide or two
 around the whole basement potential in the region,
 but already we have wells on production in the basement.
 In Jorvik and in Telus we have further opportunity in the field to explore what the basement
 potential could be on top of where this Asgard sand will sit in those regions.
 On top of that we have further infill drilling planned in the in the core of the field as
 as well. Although we've already seen significant resource growth in Edvard Grieg, I don't think
 were yet finished with Edward Grieg.
 In Solweig, we started this field in Q3 of 2021,
 and we've seen an increase in reservoir properties
 due to the results of the drilling campaign on Solvagan.
 So that drives the increase of 11 million barrels
 to our 2P reserves.
 We're now getting ready for a phase two development,
 which will take into account the de-segment discovery we made last year and there's a
 the well towards the north east of the field and in the south west you see two wells in
 the SINRIFT section and so we'll be maturing this project through towards PDO and we're
 Looking at opportunities, we see segment A there.
 We're looking at opportunities to further explore and expand Solweig to continue this
 growth story.
 And finally, on the Edvard Greig area, a little bit around Lille Prinsen and the regional
 basement potential and roles in this.
 So in Rolls-Ness, if we start in the south of this,
 Robson has a resource potential of between 14 and 78 million barrels of resources.
 We have the extended well test, which we started up last year.
 And this well test aims to prove a number of things in the basement, one that we have
 productivity over a long period of time and two, that we have a water cut development
 that allows for a full field development,
 And so the stability of the water cut development
 key to ensure that the fractured and weathered basement continues to contribute to well over
 a long period of time and we see matrix flow not only fracture flow where we see water
 are coming up from underneath the field.
 And what we've seen in rolls-ness
 is our water cut is stabilizing around 45% to 50%.
 And the key thing is that the stability in the water cut
 development means we're seeing a lot more contribution from the weathered basement and a lot more
 contribution from the matrix. And so because we're starting to see this this water cut
 stabilize, it suggests that we've got a significant running room on Rolls-Nest to continue with
 the full field development.
 And I think what you'll see on that development
 is a phase development where we take small steps to further understand the resource potential.
 And so if we take that knowledge on the basement and step up to Lil Prinsen, last year we completed
 a transaction with Equinor to acquire an extra 20% and take
 like, operate a ship of little Princeton, and then we drilled a suite of exploration
 and appraiser wells this year.
 And what we've found is some good quality sands
 and Lil Prinsen.
 We've also found basement potential below.
 And so what you see here in the resource range
 primarily the good quality sands with a small amount of basement potential, but what we
 found in that basement is we have three times the thickness or up to three times the thickness
 of what we do in enrolls-ness. And we also have the oil in little prints and is the same
 as Ed McGreg and roughly in pressure communication, potentially through the aquifer, so you have
 this basement potential that extends from Rolvesness all the way up to Lille
 Prinsen and we have the ability to go and phase the development in Lille
 Princeton as well to test some of this basement potential on top of the base.
 And so if we put our arms around all of that, there's potentially up to 300 million barrels
 of gross potential in this area due to basement alone
 top of what we have in the field and the non-basement potential.
 And so we'll be spending a little bit more time
 this year with both the PDOs and the understanding in the area to try and explore what further
 potential we have in the regional basement in the Yitzirahai.
 Stepping out of the itsyra high into whisting,
 This will become a new core production area for lending energy and as Nick touched on
 earlier, it's a really strategic acquisition for us that adds long life resources into
 window where we're looking for that growth.
 And so we remain firmly on track with engineering and the work required to submit the PDO at
 the end of this year. And we've also been awarded a further licence in the latest app
 around and we'll take a 35% working interest in all of the acreage around
 the whisting and the operation of the exploration phase, and there's running room of up to 500
 million barrels as identified today on that exploration potential and we'll be working
 with Equinor, the operator, to mature that forward. So really exciting area, I think
 There's more to here regarding Westing as we move forwards.
 In the Alfheim area, the fantastic work that ACA BP have been doing in Alfheim really continues.
 We see new projects, Cobra East and Cobra East Gecko and Frosk were sanctioned last
 year.
 they're moving into the execution phase and we should see Trell and Treene
 moving through the same process this year. And those material additions add significant
 volumes but also significant production into the profile for the Alvheim area and I think
 that will continue into the future.
 Looking at the future growth potential, we have three projects in execution just now.
 Kegfrosk and Johann Svedert phase two and then five more progressing to PDO and those five
 represent 240 million barrels net resource and so that that project is
 is our short to medium term production growth.
 And then we have a remaining program of five ENA wells in 2022, targeting around 140 million
 barrels and so we'll see those being drilled through the course of the year and then we
 We have a material program ongoing with still around a hundred licenses in Norway and an
 exciting program for 2023 and beyond as well.
 My final two slides looking at reserves resources and and production on the the reserves and resources position
 Then we touched on the 200% resource replacement ratio for 2021, and that's made up of primarily
 Westing, Edward Grieg, and Solweig.
 And so, if we look at the reconciliation of our 2P reserves and 2C resources, we see
 the production of 71 million barrels.
 We see the Edvard Grieg and Solweig,
 2P Reserve Editions of 39,
 corresponding to around 55% reserve replacement ratio.
 And then we see the wisting transaction coming in,
 less some of the stranded assets in the barren switch we took off the books at the end of
 last year. And all of that together points towards a strong resource replacement ratio
 So two barrels added for every barrel produced, and over a billion BOEs of 2P resources and
 two C resources and two P reserves.
 And then my final slide before I hand over to Taita is our long-term production outlook
 and we've shared this for the last few years at CMD.
 And year on year, we see that the 2P reserves position continues to increase.
 and so you can see on here in the dark blue bars our current 2P reserves position
 And you see in the red line what the 2P reserves were at the year end 2020, so 12 months ago.
 and you see in nearly every year an increase.
 And our role as a technical and management team is to turn some of the 3P and upsides
 into 2P reserves over time. And I think you've seen our track record of doing that year after
 year and you see the potential in our asset base to continue to do that over time.
 And so we all believe that that 3P and upsides will continue to be added into the 2P a new
 opportunities will come on top of that. And so our production growth outlook is greater
 than 200 by 2023 and significantly more as you can see here and where we will
 sustain that greater than 200 with this pipeline of projects
 and new opportunities.
 And so it's been a fantastic year in 2021.
 strong performance across all of the assets. And I think there's a really exciting portfolio
 for this year to continue and putting this portfolio together with ACA BP as Nick touched
 on, creates one of the worlds, or it's certainly Europe's leading and one of the world's leading
 low-cost, low-carbon companies with significant growth into the future.
 And with that I'll pass over to Taita.
 Okay, thanks Stan for that and good afternoon everybody or good morning depending on where you are
 So we're now going to go through Q4 financial numbers, which again are going to show a very strong quarterly performance.
 and we're also touching on the full-year results for the company.
 And then towards the end we will give a brief guidance on the 2022 numbers as we see them.
 And just a comment on the accounting implications from the announced deal with Acre BP, whereby we combine our E&P business with Acre BP.
 What that means is that from the fourth quarter onward we will present all the numbers relating to the E&P business as discontinued operations in our consolidated income statement.
 Similarly, on our consolidated balance sheet, we will present the liabilities and assets
 associated with that business as its enliability is held for distribution.
 But in terms of the numbers we are presenting here today, you will see everything as normal
 as we are combining this continued and continued operation together in one financial metric.
 So starting off with the key highlights for the fourth quarter and also Q4 for the full year and Q4
 As we announced ahead of release is that we have had an overlift in the fourth quarter.
 So the sales volume is 199,000 BOE per day, and that is then the number that drives all the financial numbers we're reporting for the quarter.
 And similarly for the full year we were also overlifted on an annualized basis by around about
 about 6,000 barrels or 196,000 BOE per day in terms of salt volume.
 price oil prices have been very very strong similar to to gas prices 77 a
 dollars a barrel for the crude oil we sold in the fourth quarter and actually over two hundred
 dollars a barrel in BOE terms for gas, around about $34 per MCF. Obviously, the gas market
 in Europe has been well advertised to be extremely tight and that's certainly shown
 through in our realized gas prices.
 Cost we've been through those to some degree but $3.81 per barrel for the fourth quarter
 and we had oil and gas investments of just over two hundred and thirty million dollars
 And also, we completed the listing acquisition in the fourth quarter, so that led to a 320
 million dollar cash consideration to only for the 25 percent we acquired.
 In terms of cash generation for the full year,
 You can see on the top right here EBITDA generation of over $4.8 billion for the full year and
 cash flows from our operating activities over $3 billion and then generating free cash
 of 1.6 billion dollars for the for the full year and that delivered the
 the debt position of the company down to just over 2.7 billion dollars.
 And as Nick mentioned, we are again increasing dividends.
 That was the criteria we set out when we started off paying dividends in 2018, and we were
 essentially increased dividends in line with the financial earnings over that period, except
 for the year 2020 when we had the COVID impact.
 but again, a material increase in dividend proposed to the AGM this year of 25%, which
 equates to just over 56 cents per quarter in quarterly dividend payments.
 If we then look at some of the key financial metrics that we normally report on as we go
 through the year, starting off with EBITDA at the 1.46 billion dollars for the quarter. That's
 that's generated off revenue of 1.55 billion dollars and as you can see in the top right
 corner, very strong sales price for the quarter, $84 per BOE, obviously as I mentioned the
 the realist gas prices is pulling up the BOE number quite significantly, so 94% up on
 the same quarter last year and also the sales volumes up 18.3 million barrels up 6% on the
 the same quarter last year.
 The cash flows from operation in the fourth quarter came in just below five hundred and
 $160 million. In the fourth quarter, we always have a higher tax installment in Norway given
 on how the phasing of tax installments works.
 So we paid $710 million in cash taxes in the quarter.
 And in addition we also had a working capital build of over 140 million dollars given to
 continued strong oil price performance as we went through the year.
 So also CFFO is up more than doubled on the same period last year.
 cash flow before dividend payments $22 million and that was also impacted by the settlement
 of the listing acquisition of $320 million.
 So we had all in investment levels of $530 million in the quarter.
 Then in terms of adjusted net results, 293 million dollars for the fourth quarter, but
 on the face of the income statement if you combine this continued and continued operation
 we came in at $122 million.
 Again, the announced acquisition with Acre BP has led to certain one of financial items
 which we normally just moved through equity is now having to be charged through the income
 statement such as FX and interest rate swaps which are now all deemed ineffective given the
 the transaction we have announced. So that movement normally went to equity where it's
 now going forward that will be fully charged through the income statement.
 And then a similar outlook for the full year. We generated $5.1 billion of revenue for the full year.
 So that led, as I said, to EBITDA of 4.8 billion dollars, and at our Q3 numbers we actually guided EBITDA,
 full year EBITDA between 4.8 to 4.9, so we came roughly in at the middle of that guidance.
 And then CFFO came in at, as I said, just above $3 billion.
 That then includes cash tax payment for the full year of $1.4 billion and also working
 capital built for the full year of $230 million, so very strong cash flow generation and more
 and doubling from 2020 numbers.
 And as Nick said, free cashflow from operation, free cashflow before dividend payments, $1.6
 billion dollars for the full year. That's actually covering dividends three and a half
 times the cash dividend we paid out over the last year. And then adjusted net
 That results just below $800 million when we take out the non-cash effects impacts we
 we have on numbers. And on the face of the income statement we have reported just below
 500 million dollars in net profit for the full year.
 Just touching a bit more in detail on our realized crude prices as we've gone through
 the year you can see on the chart to the right here that we are showing the timing difference
 which is the orange bar on the average dated bread for each quarter and you can see in the
 first half of the year, the timing of our lifting led to us actually outperforming on
 realized prices half a dollar in the first quarter and one dollar in the second but you
 You can see that trend then reversing in Q3, Q4, particularly in Q4, you can see on the
 the chart to the left. We had a high lifted volume in December, just as the dated Brent
 was dropping and that's therefore led to a timing difference of $1.70 for the
 fourth quarter negative impact on our real-life prices and the red bar you see
 here are then the differentials to the to the dated brand and we've solved
 between half a dollar to two dollars
 differentials in each of these quarters.
 But it's been a very busy year for our crude oil marketing department, we've sold close
 to 100 cargoes for the year, so almost two cargoes per week.
 So the team here in Geneva has done a great job in firstly marketing and then selling
 all these, all these cargoes.
 And on gas prices it's been very much an increasing trend as we've gone through the year and actually in December alone we realised the $240 barrel per BOE equivalent in realised gas prices.
 So, a very strong macro environment here on gas sales in Europe, we are selling both into
 the UK market and into the Dutch gas market on pricing ahead.
 And of course, importantly, when Edward Greig will be fully electrified at the end of this
 here, our gas sales volume will obviously increase since we are not going to burn any
 gas on the gas turbines on the Greek. So that will lead to even further revenues from our
 gas production when we look into 2023 and beyond.
 Then looking at operating costs and EBITDA margin, we continue to very much have industry
 leading unit operating costs out there and which is leading to an exceptionally high
 EBITDA margin you can see here 94 percent in Q4 and in fact it's been around about 94 percent over
 over the last five quarters.
 On the chart to the to the left you can see there was a little bit of an uptick in unit
 off-packs for the fourth quarter and Dan touched upon this already but you can see
 the bottom of the bars here you can see the actual impact from higher electricity prices
 and also higher CO2 prices. Both of those prices increased roughly 50% from Q3 to Q4,
 So that was leading to a somewhat higher unit of pegs, also combined with a somewhat stronger
 Norwegian Kroner compared to previous quarters. So all in that has pushed the unit up to $3.81,
 Nevertheless, it's still extremely low and for the full year, as Dan said, we came in
 at $3.10.
 for the year as an average.
 Then looking at a tax, the top two charts show the Q4 effective tax rate on the
 the face of the income statement of 89%, but if we then again adjust for the non-cash
 financial items which have very little tax impact for us, then you can see we get to a 79%
 percent effective tax rate which is very much in line with what you would expect given that
 as we operate in Norway, where you have a 78% effective tax rate.
 And then the chart on the bottom here shows you the facing of our cash tax installments
 As I mentioned, in Q4 we had a significantly higher toxin installment given that you make
 two toxin installments in that quarter.
 So, $711 million installed in Q4.
 And if you sum up all of the quarter last year, we paid $1.4 billion.
 But you will also see on our balance sheet that we have a tax liability,
 current tax liability of close to 1.6 billion dollars and that's then the cash tax cash
 job payment we have to make in first half this year to fully settle the 2021 tax due.
 So you can see we have already locked in these tax installments of $510 million in Q1 and
 just over a billion dollars in Q2 based on the year-end FX rate of 8.8 nock to the dollar.
 So those are the locked and tax installments we already know we have to make in Q1 and
 Q2.
 Then looking at the full-year cash generation for the business, which as I said was very strong
 the CFFO, organic CFFO before we adjust for the working capital came in at close to 3.3
 billion dollars and after working capital three billion and fifty eight million dollars.
 We have total investments during the year of just over $1.4 billion, around about $300
 million dollars relates to ENA and and three hundred and twenty million dollars relates
 to the visiting acquisition, and then the delta is split roughly a third, a third, a third
 for Edward Greek, Johann Sverdrup and Edward Greek with some smaller items also on the Alvheim area.
 So that's how we define the free cash flow before dividends of $1.6 billion for the full year.
 And you can see here the total dividend payment of $455 million, and that reduction of close
 to $800 million which therefore gave us a cash build of $370 million so we're exiting
 2021 with a cash balance of $450 million.
 In terms of debt position and liquidity headroom for the company,
 At the end of the year we had a gross debt of $3.2 billion which consists of bonds amounting to $2 billion and
 and terminal on spread over three, four, and five-year
 maturities of 1.2 billion dollars or in total 3.2 and as I said around it we
 We have cash of just below half a billion dollars, leaving the net debt of 2.7 billion
 dollars. In terms of available liquidity for the group, we have an
 an on-drawn revolving credit facility of $1.5 billion,
 So in addition to the cash we're holding,
 We have in total two, around about $2 billion of liquidity headroom as of year end 2021.
 If we now turn into guidance for 2022, and what I should emphasise here is that this guidance is provided on a London standalone basis as if the ARCHER-BP combination is not happening.
 But as I said in my introduction from now up to closing, we will continue to report the
 EMP business as discontinued operations. So, the numbers here are essentially reflecting
 no deal happening at all and the year would be as a normal E&P year for us.
 So, the guidance here, the key highlights are, as I said earlier, the dividend of $2.25
 per share and that will be proposed to the AGM in 2022 and we will then commence our
 quarterly dividends as normal until the deal with Acre BP completes.
 The CFFO guidance we are giving here is between 1.3 to 2.1 billion dollars for the full year
 and that's on an oil price range between 65 to 85
 dated brand, the average for the full year.
 and on the midpoint of the price bracket we gave you,
 which is a $75 Brent we anticipate to generate free cash flow after dividend payments for
 the year so that will reduce net debt to EBITDA down still further to roughly 0.5 times ratio
 a year and 22. We've been through the OpEx guidance and as we announced this morning the
 oil and gas investment is estimated to amount to $760 million and then renewable and natural
 carbon capture projects amounting to around about 70 million dollars and then running
 through the details of our guidance as we normally do, so if we focus on the mid column
 which is our base case planning assumption on oil price in 2022, $75 and a hundred pence
 a term in gas price, that will then generate a revenue per barrel of $76.70, which is $5.3
 billion dollars in absolute revenue, giving a cash margin of 5.1 billion dollars or around
 about $73 a barrel and an EBITDA netback of $72.40 per barrel or just about $5 billion
 in EBITDA generation based on our midpoint scenario, $75 Brent.
 And then in terms of P&L impact, as I said, the cash margin is $73 a barrel.
 We have the depletion charge of just below $11 a barrel,
 which is slightly above the depletion rate we run with in 2021.
 and the G&A is running as usual at a very low rate of 60 cents per barrel produced for the year
 and then financial items which includes income from joint ventures which are
 our renewable projects in Finland and Laikankar in Norway,
 amounting to $2 a barrel, so giving us profit before tax, just below $60 a barrel.
 And then the tax charge ran about $47 a barrel giving us net after tax profit of $12 a barrel
 and you can see here the current tax as a percentage of the EBITDA generation in the
 midpoint oil price scenario 61 percent and that will equate to roughly three just over
 three billion dollars in current tax for the year 2022 and that tax
 tax calculation is based on the proposed new tax legislation in Norway, which is going
 through Parliament soon but hasn't been ratified as yet but the numbers are based on that it
 will be.
 And then the last slide on the netback guidance for us here,
 This is the cash flows from operation for the for 2022 and we are sitting as I said between
 between $1.3 billion at the $65 case, up to $2.1 billion in the $85 case.
 And in this year, we will have the cash tax payments will actually mirror to a large
 degree the current tax that we will charge to the income statement given that we have
 have a $1.6 billion cash tax payment to make this year relating to the 2021 tax bill.
 And you can see here all the capital items are mounting up to $12 a barrel or around
 about $830 million.
 So that will therefore give us a free cash flow available
 for dividends of between $6.8 to $18.3 a barrel.
 So certainly in the 75 and 85 dollar cases you can see that we are more than funding
 the dividend payments we are proposing and in the $65 case we are slightly drawing on
 debt to fund the dividend to the June of 140 million dollars. But the bottom line here
 that it's a low-opx business and it's also very low-copx intensity business
 all in capex to grow production further is only $12 a barrel for the full year.
 and if we then look out in time and focus on the CAPEX profile we have if we
 We focus on the 2P plus Firm, which is essentially our 2P reserves, plus Visting and some of
 the projects in the Alweim area. You can see this year, as we guided this morning, five
 $520 million this year, and a similar level next year, and then when
 investing expenditure starts to ramp up. You can see that we are running around the
 about 700 million dollars per year for out to 2026.
 So it'll continue to be a business with relatively low capex intensity as we look out in time.
 And then the lighter blue bars here are the growth projects that Dan talked about, mainly
 relating to Rolls-Ness and Solweig expenditures in 2024 the majority of
 this band would relate to Rolls-Ness and then in 2025 you have a roughly 50-50
 split between Rolls-Ness and Solweig phase two in terms of development expenditure.
 In my final slide before I hand back to Nick is just a quick summary of the guidance we
 We have set out in our press release this morning, so 180,000 to 200,000 POE per day
 for the full year guidance and all our numbers in terms of netback guidance was based on
 the midpoint of this, 190,000 POE per day for the full year.
 We've been to the OpEx, which is slightly up $3.60 for this year, but dropping down to
 $3.10 again in 2023, when we have a full year worth of Phase 2 Yuan's wardrobe contribution
 and the capital items that we went through earlier amounting to $830 million, including
 renewables and carbon capture expenditure and some decommissioning costs.
 So with that I will hand back to Nick with some concluding remarks.
 parks.
 Well, thanks, Dan, and Tita.
 I've just got one final slide before we open up for questions.
 I just want to leave you with these three key messages.
 At first, we delivered record operational and record financial results in the year, supporting
 increasing increased dividend proposal to the AGM.
 Secondly, the proposed combination of London Energy's E&P business and ACABP creates a
 were leading European-independent E&P company, which I am convinced is a win-win outcome
 for both sets of shareholders and it's expected that that transaction will complete around
 the middle of this year. And then thirdly, the remaining London energy is a new renewable
 energy business, positioned for growth. And we'll let youwe'll provide you more details
 about that and the strategy for that business in early March, so you can understand the
 opportunity. So those are our full year 2021 results and our outlook for this year. Thanks
 for your time, and we'd now like to open up the call for your questions, and I think Ed
 is going to run that process for us.
 Thanks very much, Nick. Yeah, Mark, we'll open up for questions from your conference
 go lying first and then you can hand back to me and I'll see if there's any from the
 the web. So over to you Mark. Thank you. To the callers on the phones if you do wish to
 ask a question please dial 0 1 on your telephone keypad now to enter the queue.
 Once your name has been announced, you can ask your question.
 If you find your question is answered before it's your time to speak, you can dial at 0-2 to cancel.
 So once again, that's 0-1 to ask a question.
 We'll see you right, too, if you need to cancel.
 Our first question comes from the line of Sashikant Chiluru of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hi, thanks for taking my turns.
 I had two, please.
 The first was related to the 2022 to 2026 CAPEX guidance.
 And if I were to compare today's guidance with the one presented in last year's capital
 market stay. It appears there is a significant increase in the underlying
 capex levels and here I'm comparing the capex required for the 2P reserves with last year's
 total CAPEX projections. If you could let us know the key reasons for the increase you
 mentioned capex for falseness and solve like is that the only reason for the
 increase over their other reasons as well.
 Also, if you could reconfirm, again, the CAPEX guidance for the discovered and the
 contingent resource of site that is primarily for the visiting
 development, I suppose.
 The second question was regarding the comment made on the reduction of the 2C contingent
 resource space that was related to the standard assets in the currency.
 I was just wondering if they could provide more details
 on what these resources were, if there were any key discoveries
 that you had previously highlighted, that would be helpful.
 Thanks.
 Taita, do you want to get the first one and maybe Dan the second?
 I can on the CapEx guidance so what we call 2P plus firm includes obviously all our 2P
 reserves and the bulk of that remaining expenditure really relates to the buildout of Janss Verge
 to phase two.
 What we call firm here, the majority of that is the visiting development, which is a material
 CapEx project, obviously, up in the Bar and Sea. When we guided last year, we only had
 10% of visiting in our numbers was with the acquisition with OMV this year that number
 is now 35 percent equity in the visiting development and from 2024 onward the bulk
 of the two people's forum really relates to the visiting, the building out of the visiting
 development. So that is the answer to that.
 I think on the barren sea assets, the small discoveries are Nydans, Selina, Filikudi,
 small 10 to 20 million barrel gas or small oil stranded assets, so nothing of any materiality
 in the barons.
 Great. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from the line of Johann Charon-Ton of Socit Gnrale.
 Please have a happy old line in sight.
 Yes, good afternoon, everyone.
 Thank you to Taito to provide that much granularity
 on the financial section of the presentation.
 I would like to come back onto this slide showing the KPEX profile.
 I'm interesting to know is that it's possible to understand all
 much of this project is shown here because of course, as you said, this thing will only
 start to impact CAPEX from 2024 onwards.
 First oil, as we speak, also the project as yet to be
 function is slightly slated.
 sorry, for 2028.
 So, on this slide, basically, what is the share of the full CAPEX associated with whistling
 that is shown. And then the second question will be trying to come back onto some content
 that you used to provide to the investment communities.
 that was your break even sort of level over the midterm.
 over the midterm. Are you able to provide any color on this on your E&P portfolio indeed
 over the midterm where it's sort of free cash for break even, we should sort of have in mind.
 And then the final question is in relation to the portfolio or the inventory of resources
 that could be CNFID by the end of this year to benefit from tax relief.
 Are you able to provide a bit more color
 on the share looking away from whisting
 as part of this inventory.
 Thank you.
 Yeah
 Yeah, we guide out to 2026 here and I should say the visiting project is scheduled to start
 up in 2028 so obviously there will be continued a Cup Expo in 27 and 28 and probably some
 drilling beyond that even but we we aligned the capping guidance here with
 our production guidance which we're also showing out to 2026 but what we are
 Our given guidance on this is the full scale cupcakes of Johansson off visiting 65 to 75
 billion knock I think the number is or they're about so I think you can take
 your 35% net from that and you can roughly eyeball it because from obviously we will
 We'll have some Jan Sverdrup numbers in 2023 and beyond for drilling and there will also
 be the cake and frost developments in the Alweim area, but as I said the bulk of this
 this will be visiting development. So I think you can eyeball roughly what 20, 27 and 28
 expenditure will look like without knowing the exact facing of that. And of course the
 The PDO on this thing hasn't been submitted as yet, so the caveat on this is of course
 control so that we need to see a more exact facing of the capex when we submit the PDO.
 And then in terms of your free cash flow break even, I mean we didn't feel it was appropriate
 for us given the deal with Accra BP to guide beyond 2022, otherwise we normally would have
 done that. But I think it suffices to say you again look at the CapEx profile we're showing
 here and you see the growing production profile that we're showing that that should explain
 to you that the CAPEX intensity per bar will remain low and our long-term OPEX guidance
 between $3 to $4 a barrel is also a very low number and with reducing debt and cheaper
 that with investment rates in place now, all the elements are in place for us to continue
 to have an extremely low free cash law break even price for the business as we look forward.
 I think your question on the resources, so on the slide we said 240 million barrels in
 in Westing with 35% of the 500 million barrel discovery,
 So just shy of 180 of that is wisting.
 the remainder net resources in the remaining four projects.
 I hope that helps.
 Okay, thank you both.
 Thank you.
 Now our next question comes from the line of Carl Peterson of ABG Sunville Collier, please
 Let's go ahead. Your line is open.
 Thank you guys. I just wondered about the production profile for this year if you could elaborate on the
 magnitude of the birth trial program on Jomsford Grip during the second quarter and also on
 for how long time will there be downtime on those assets and then looking ahead I guess.
 Do you have any indications on the development of the regulatory process regarding the merger
 with or the transaction with awkward BP.
 So, Dan, why don't you get the first one and I can take the second?
 the problem.
 We're not going to give exact guidance for exactly how long it's going to be shut down
 because we have a range in our profiles.
 I think you can see from Q1 and Q3 where there are no outages, the rough level of where our
 production would normally sit and I think if you if you think in the order of a small
 number of weeks for those outages on both Edvard Grieg and Svedrup. That's around the
 right ballpark. And in terms of the regulatory process for approval, as I mentioned when
 When I spoke for the transaction, both sets of shareholders will vote, ours at the end
 March and ACCA BPs early April.
 We also have government approval to achieve and also competition authority approval in
 in Norway and those are the only real regulatory approvals that we have to get and I think
 you know our feeling is that those are really a formality it just takes a bit
 a time and that's why it takes from now until around the middle of the year to close the
 the transaction. So, you know, it's very low risk to this deal not going ahead, given
 the nature of the shareholding of both companies and the quality of the transaction and the
 are actually approvals that are required.
 I hope so.
 Thank you.
 clear understanding.
 Yeah
 Thank you, there's currently one further question in the phone line
 So just as a reminder to participants, if you do wish to ask a question, please dial 01 now.
 The next question comes from Al Stanton of Royal Bank of Canada, please go ahead, your
 on mine, he said.
 Yes, good afternoon, guys.
 Just two simple questions, really.
 with respect to development and exploration spending
 in 2022.
 Can you give us any flavor of the timing?
 whether it's just chunked in 25% per quarter
 or whether there's any additional guidance or color
 you provide on that, whether there's any heavy quarters.
 And then a separate question on gas.
 I'm just wondering if gas sales are purely driven by the GOR
 or whether, you know, there is some pressure maintenance that consumes gas that you might
 be able to redirect towards additional gas sales, as you've mentioned, with the electrification
 of that degree. Thank you.
 one, you cover both of those.
 Yeah, firstly on the the gas side, I think most of it's associated gas
 gas, we don't have a big gas injection program that we can swing in and move the amounts
 of produced gas. So I think, Al, the amount of gas production you've seen over the past
 period you'll probably see going forwards as well.
 and I think the E&A and development spending,
 most of, if we focus on the appraisal spending first,
 Most of that is linked to studies and activities towards the PDOs.
 So I think you'll see that roughly spread
 over the course of the year.
 and similarly with the expiration spend.
 It'll be spread between the Wells and with five Wells spread over the course of the year.
 you'll see a rough spread rather than all of it being done in one quarter.
 and the development spend of 590 is that basically whatever it is 150
 important that the best guidance yeah yeah so the and tighter you jump in if
 if there's anything to add.
 but the, so Johannes Federer makes up a big portion
 the development spend there and most of that will be spent as you roll between now evenly
 until you get into the final commissioning and start-up phase so you'll see that fairly
 linearly over the course of the year and then depending on the final out term on cost we
 we may see some of that coming out over time.
 Let's see.
 On the remaining spend we will finish the development drilling on Solwag in Q1 and so
 so you won't see heavy development spend
 in the Edvard Grieg area after that period,
 other than for the Edvard Greed power from shore project,
 which will be linear through most of the year
 until we get into the commissioning at the end.
 So I think you should roughly see most of this L
 on both the development and ENA spread fairly evenly
 through the year.
 Obvious ups and downs as you go.
 Cool, perfect, thank you.
 Thank you. We've had one further question come from the phone lines and that's from James Thompson at J.P. Morgan.
 Please come ahead, your line is open.
 Great.
 Thanks guys for the presentation. Just click on for me. Obviously, you know, stronger oil price
 backdrop. Everyone's making a little bit more money in the upstream. I just wondered if you
 could maybe talk to us a little bit about the differentials, particularly on the low
 carbon crew front, you know, the idea that you may well start to get a bit of a premium
 for Svedric Cargo is because of the low carbon nature and also a degree, so it feels like
 the environment is probably better to be testing the wolves on that, because you maybe talk
 little bit about, you know, any success or otherwise that you've had in trying to capture
 some of that Delta?
 Taita, do you want to have a go?
 Yeah, I can hi James. I mean it's been it's been a story
 we've been telling for some time now and we've been working really hard at getting to the great
 position we now are in, which means that sort of 60% of our production is produced carbon
 mutually, and it's actually fully certified both in terms of the emissions and also the
 offsets and that we have purchased for for Johan Sverdrup. So essentially means
 means that every time we now lift a young soldier of cargo it is essentially a carbon
 zero cargo and wives is still not showing through in the numbers we presented today but we have actually
 and now sold a few cargoes on Jan Sverdov with a carbon premium implied on the overall
 price is still selling at a discount to dated brand but at a lower discount than it otherwise
 would have.
 I would say the numbers are relatively modest at the moment, but we continue to tell the
 story and to articulate the benefits to our buyers from buying carbon neutral
 cargoes and we firmly believe that over time that will be manifested in the in the in the
 prices we are going to achieve.
 Thank you.
 Bye bye.
 Thank you, and there are no further questions on the phones at this time, so I'll hand
 back to the room for the questions from the webcast.
 Thanks very much Mark. I'm just checking on the web here. I think because of our unbelievably good disclosure
 There's no further questions from the web either.
 So, with that, I'll draw the meeting to a close, but if anyone has any other questions
 that they need answering, please don't hesitate to drop me a line and we can take it offline.
 So thanks very much for joining.