 Thank you.
 Hello, good afternoon or good morning, wherever you might be.
 Welcome to the London Energy Q4 2021 results and also the 2022 business outlook and budget for the year.
 So we'll run today like a normal set of results, actually.
 we'll have Nick Walker talk through the top line
 some operational highlights
 and then we'll hand over to Dan Fitzgerald
 who will talk you through the operations
 and then over to Taita Paulson.
 and they'll talk you through the financial performance for the year
 and an outlook into 2022.
 after that will be followed by the Q&A
 and we'll run it by the conference call line first Q&A
 and then I'll host the calls from the web thereafter.
 so thanks for joining
 and I'll hand over to Nick Walker who will kick off the presentation.
 Thank you, Ed, and good afternoon or good morning if you're joining us from North America.
 and it's great to have you all join our
 London Energy's 2021 results discussion and our 2022 business outlook.
 Of course, given the transaction we announced with AKBP in December,
 The format today is naturally slightly different to our usual capital markets day.
 And as Ed says, I'll give an overview and then give an insight into the AKBP transaction
 and then we'll run through the agenda.
 And, of course, as usual, we'll give you the opportunities to answer your questions at the end.
 So first of all, the key highlights for 2021.
 I'm really pleased to report record production and record financial results for the full year.
 this is underpinned by continued excellent operating performance and of course the strong
 oil and gas prices that we're enjoying today.
 today. You can see our world-class assets continue to outperform. Full-year production,
 you can see came in at 190,000 BOEs per day. That's top of the original guidance range.
 And we exited the year at just under 200,000 BOEs per day.
 All of our key projects are on track.
 in the greater Edvard Greek area.
 we delivered an infield drilling programme
 and we delivered two tie-back projects to the facilities Solvay and Rawlsness.
 And all of those projects came in on budget and on schedule.
 and together with a number of new projects
 that being planned will keep the facilities full in the long term.
 Johan's Federer phase two remains firmly on schedule for First Oil later this year,
 which will provide a big boost to our production
 as you'll see when Dan talks
 and we have two projects in the Alvheim area
 just started in the execution phase.
 we again
 grew the business with a resource replacement ratio last year of 200%.
 And I see more to come from continued growth in our world-class assets.
 And I think Dan will give you a flavour for that when he talks.
 books.
 Our high quality cash generative business delivered record financial results.
 you can see continuing
 industry-leading low operating costs of $3.1 per BOE in the year. We generated record-free
 cash flow on the back of strong production performance and strong prices of 1.6 billion dollars
 for the year. That's over three times our annual dividends and results in us deleveraging the
 business with net debt reduced to $2.7 billion at the year end.
 We're also making great progress on our decarbonisation plan, with the company set to be carbon neutral by 2023 from operational emissions.
 and I see this as a key value differentiator for Lundin Energy
 and supports our top quartile ESG ratings.
 And this is the foundation of our recent inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for Europe.
 And I think this is a big deal.
 It's one of the biggest accolades you can get in relation to ESG.
 So, in summary, we've delivered excellent results in 2021, and all of our key business priorities are on track.
 But also at the end of last year, I was very pleased that we announced a transaction where
 We're combining London Energy's E&P business with ACA BP to create the leading European
 independent E&P company and I'll talk about that in a few moments. But first looking forward to what
 can you expect in 2022? You can see we're guiding production of 180,000 to 200,000 BOEs per day
 and that's consistent with what we've indicated previously
 with the main variable being the timing of the start-up of Jörn Svedrup Phase 2.
 as I've discussed
 we're set to be carbon neutral by the end of this year
 and we continue to sustain low operating costs.
 $3.6 per barrel is the guidance for this year.
 that's slightly above 2021 levels but that's due to start-up phase of Johans Fedrup and when we get
 to a full year of production on Johan Sverdrup Phase 2,
 then it drops down again in 2023.
 in terms of operational delivery
 you'll see that Johan Svedere at Phase 2 comes online in the fourth quarter of the year,
 lifting capacity through the field to 755,000 barrels of oil per day. Gross.
 At Evergreeg, we expect to see three new project sanctions by the end of the year,
 They're supporting this long-term production plateau extension
 and electrification of the facilities will start up later in the year.
 And this is, of course, a key element to our decarbonisation plan.
 and at the large whisting field
 where we increased our interest last year
 to 35%, we will sanction that project development at the end of the year, and this provides
 material support to the long-term production outlook for the business.
 business.
 And, of course, during the late year, we expect the transaction with AKBP to complete around the middle of the year.
 And on the back of that strong performance and the outlook for the business, and as we announced at the end of last year, the board is recommending to the 2022 AGM a quarterly dividend increase by 25 percent from this year.
 So on an annual basis, that's $2.25 per share, which will be paid quarterly.
 This is in line with our dividend policy to grow shareholder returns.
 and this increased dividend level will remain payable
 until closure of the ACABP transaction.
 transaction. And I now intend to run through a couple of slides that talk about the proposed
 to ACABP-Lundin Energy Combination.
 London Energy is a track record of creating value for shareholders for over 20 years,
 which you can see shown in this slide.
 So, since the company's inception, the share price has grown from 3 sec per share in 2001
 to roughly 375 sec per share today,
 while also along the way
 distributing around $2.5 billion through spin-outs and dividends.
 And this represents a 28% compound annual average return every year for 20 years.
 however the board has felt for a while that to prosper through the energy transition
 that we need to build greater scale
 while retaining focus being low-cost and low-carbon,
 which led to the process that we ran during the second half of last year
 resulting in this proposed transaction where we announced in December
 to combine Lundin Energy's E&P business with ACA BP.
 and leaving Lundin Energy, a renewables business, which is positioned to grow.
 and I think this creates more value
 for shareholders that I think selling the renewable business with the E&P business would
 have, would not
 create that extra value. So I'm convinced this transaction will continue our path of
 creating value for shareholders.
 So focusing now on the details of the transaction, the proposed combination of ACIPP and London Energy's E&P business, I think is a tremendous deal to combine these two great companies, drawing on the best of both to make something even bigger and better.
 It creates a Norwegian pure-play E&P company of scale, production growth, low cost and low carbon emissions
 that I think is set to prosper through the energy transition.
 It will be Europe's leading independent E&P company and one of the top independents in
 the world with a market cap of today around 23 billion dollars and will be Norway's third
 ranked listed company by value. I think it's a great deal where the value of the combined
 business is greater than the component parts
 And I think in this case, we can truly say one plus one is equal to more than two.
 And for the London Energy shareholders, this will deliver significant upfront cash consideration of approximately 72 sec per share.
 That's around 20% of the value of the company.
 the opportunity to be a shareholder in the leading
 European E&P company
 and you can see receiving roughly 0.95 ACA BP shares
 for every one London energy share you hold,
 and a retained interest in the new renewables business that is set for growth.
 And the combined business has the financial strength and cash flow profile to pay a growing
 and sustainable dividend into the next decade.
 ACA BP has announced a 14% increase in dividend for this year, and the combined group will pay an annual dividend of $1.9 per share post-completion on a quarterly basis.
 and the intent that is that will grow thereafter by at least five percent per annum and so i'm
 convinced that this combination proposal
 with AKBP as a win-win outcome for both sets of shareholders.
 and I think in terms of the process
 moving forward on the transaction
 The London Energy shareholders will be asked to vote on the transaction at our AGM at the end of March.
 And the ACA BP shareholders will vote early April.
 And then there's some necessary approvals, government approvals and competition authority approvals in Norway, which I think I see as a formality, which will lead to closing of the transaction around the middle of the year.
 and this is what the combined company looks like
 It will have reserves and resources of over 2.7 billion BOEs.
 Production today will be around 400,000 BOEs per day in 2022
 and that will grow to over 525,000 BOEs per day in 2028.
 You can see industry-leading low operating costs of less than $7 a barrel
 and industry-leading low-carbon emissions of around one-quarter of industry average.
 providing the combined entity the opportunity to continue a progressive and market-leading decarbonisation strategy,
 which I think you will hear more about from ACA BP in their Q4 results.
 goals, and also delivering sustainable and growing dividends, and this creates a company
 of scale, production growth, low cost, low carbon emissions, which, as I say, I think
 will prosper through the energy transition.
 and for the remaining
 London Energy Business, this will be
 a new renewable company that we intend to grow.
 It has three high-quality renewable assets in the Nordics,
 which when fully built out will produce 600 gigawatt hours per annum net.
 this business will be debt free
 and with significant cash reserves to complete the projects
 and generating free cash flow from the end of 2023
 and with the financial capacity to grow the business.
 business. We also intend to position this to pursue other opportunities and consider
 are the opportunities through the energy transition.
 the business will remain
 listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. And I think this is a really a great opportunity to
 grow and create further significant value
 from this business
 and we will outline
 what the business plan, the management
 Board and Governance details are going to be for this on the 7th of March
 so that you can understand the opportunity ahead of our AGM.
 so that's what I wanted to cover
 So now I'm going to hand over to Dan, who will give you some more details on our operations.
 So over to you, Dan.
 Thank you, Nick, and it's a pleasure to be here presenting today
 what has been a phenomenal year of performance for Lundin.
 And notwithstanding the ACABP transaction, a really exciting outlook for 2022 with a lot of activity aimed at continuing to grow the business.
 and so if we look across
 the operations and the assets that we have today.
 It's been another year of really good top-tier operating performance.
 on Johan Svedrup
 the excellent performance
 we've seen over the past 18 months two years has continued continued in the
 same fashion and we're going to touch a little bit later on where we see
 opportunities for resource or further resource growth in Johan Svendrup.
 At Edward Grieg, we've seen a reserves upgrade of around 40 million barrels this year, which
 is more than we produced from the area in 2021. And that that comes from not only the Edvard Grieg
 field but starting to see some of the upsides
 in the tiebacks.
 And so we'll delve into those a little bit more and the activities that we have to continue that growth into the future.
 We have five new projects moving towards sanction this year, and that corresponds to net resources
 of around 240 million barrels
 that were aiming to mature in towards the reserves
 at the end of the year.
 And each of those projects has an exciting potential to continue to grow beyond what we put forward in these project sanctions.
 if we look at the the resource replacement we've added two barrels for every barrel
 we produced in 2021, and that comes primarily from the Whisting acquisition we announced
 at the end of last year.
 growth in the Edward-Grieg area
 and the subsea tiebacks to
 Edward Grieg as well. And that corresponds to 140 million barrels of 2P plus 2C resource
 editions in 2021.
 And the operating performance of the assets really has been world class.
 We've been at 98% on Edvard Grieg and Johan Svedrup and 95% on Alfheim, which really is world-class performance from all of these assets.
 and something you'll see which is unparalleled in the industry
 when you look broadly across not only Norway, but the wider industry.
 And we've done that at an all-in cost of $3.1 per barrel to us, OPEX, and a carbon intensity
 of less than three kilograms of CO2 per barrel, which is really world-class operating performance.
 performance. Nick touched quickly on our production in 2021, and we finished the year above the
 top end of our original guidance range at just over 190,000 barrels of oil
 equivalent per day and you see here the growth towards the tail end of the year
 year with 194 in Q3 and 195 in Q4. And December finished just shy of 200,000
 barrels per day. And the outperformance in 2021 really was due to Edvard Grieg and a little bit
 from Johan Svedrup. Really high
 production efficiency on both assets
 and we saw some increased capacity available on Evergreeg,
 which we took advantage of towards the tail end of the year.
 and that puts us in a position where now for six and a half years the company has been delivering
 at or above the midpoint of its production guidance range,
 which is really an outstanding achievement, all considered.
 If we look forward towards 2022 and this year, we've given guidance of 180,000 to 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
 And that range is really driven by two main themes of activities.
 In Q2, we'll see turnarounds, planned outages on Johan Svedrup, which will be the hookup
 and commissioning of the phase two platform which will have been lifted late in q1 of this year
 Edward Grieg has a planned maintenance turnaround as well in Q2.
 and then in Q4 we see the start-up
 of Johans Federer at phase two,
 And that really drives the opening and increasing of our guidance range towards the end of the year.
 and there's some some flex in that range in the low side we see it start later in q4
 and in the high side, we see it starting in the early part of Q4.
 And so the external guidance for Johan Svedrup is firmly on track for Q4
 and we see a range of outcomes possible in our external guidance for this year.
 sorry
 And all of that will be completed with operating costs still in our long-term guidance range of between $3 and $4 per barrel.
 and we maintain that range as we look forward with another year behind us.
 2021, our outturn on the year was around just over 10 cents higher than what we expected at $3.10.
 still industry leading levels but we're impacted towards the tail end of the year
 by increased carbon prices and increased electricity prices.
 As we move into 2022, we're guiding at $3.60 per BOE, and that takes into account the fact
 that we have increased costs in Johan Svedrup and we don't benefit from all of the production
 upside we see getting phase two online.
 We also see an increase in carbon pricing and electricity pricing, which is taken into account in this guidance.
 as we roll then into 2023 and we see a full year of production
 impact from Johan Sveder at Phase 2.
 we will see our operating costs
 reduce back to our long-term average of between three and four and down at the lower end of
 that range while we remain on plateau for Johan Svedrup. So all in all, we remain industry-leading
 on operating costs
 and we expect to maintain that guidance going forwards.
 Our carbon neutral promise still stands firm
 and we're now less than 12 months away from being carbon neutral on our operations.
 and the three key pillars we have
 driving that carbon neutrality is firstly powering our assets from shore secondly powering them by
 renewable assets which we've invested in and third natural carbon capture projects
 and on the electrification we expect to see this online in Q4 of this year
 when Edward Grieg and Johan Svedrup Phase 2
 are both powered from shore.
 And once we see phase two online, then we'll see Edward Grieg powered from shore through the P2 platform.
 Our renewable projects are progressing well,
 and by the end of next year, all three of the projects will be fully online.
 today
 Likanga is fully online
 which is a hydropower plant in Norway.
 MLK, we have around half the turbines generating power.
 about three quarters of them are fully commissioned
 and nearly all of them
 bar one are fully constructed. And so we are slightly delayed from our original plan of
 end of last year, but we expect to see MLK fully online and handed over towards the tail end of
 Q1 this year. Then we move
 into sweden with our cast groove project and that'll be online towards the tail end of 2023 and
 and the activities project activities have already commenced on cast groove and then
 and then our natural carbon capture projects
 Once we complete those first two pillars, there's a small amount of remaining emissions
 and our natural carbon capture projects are firmly on track.
 We've planted around half a million trees to date.
 We have just shy of 3 million being planted this year
 and a total of 8 million trees being planted,
 which will capture the residual emissions from our business.
 And as we move forward, Nick touched on this a little bit, ACA BP will acquire the assets
 and will pick up all of the electrification projects and assets.
 They will also pick up the natural carbon capture projects
 with the renewables staying behind
 in Lundin Energy's renewables company.
 And ACA BP are going to communicate a little more on this
 when they come out and speak to the markets later in their Q4 results.
 then if we start to look through
 some of the key assets across our portfolio.
 Johan Svedrup really has had another year of world-class delivery.
 We've seen emissions from the Johannes Vedra Baset
 at significantly lower than 0.1 kilograms of CO2 per barrel.
 operating costs down at less than $2 a barrel
 with extremely high production efficiency
 and a credit to all of the teams involved in making this performance happen.
 So this will continue with phase two coming on stream
 and we see some of the benefits of that,
 not only on Johan Svedrup, but in the whole Utsira High region
 with the power from shore infrastructure coming on.
 And so we expect to see this performance continuing on Johan Svedrup.
 If we look at the opportunities for resource growth,
 and we opened this door a little bit at the end of last year
 where we're now looking,
 now that we have more production data from phase one,
 And we're looking at opportunities on how we can continue to grow the Johan Svedrup field
 and how we can realise some of the key themes
 that we see as upside in Johan Sverdrup.
 The first one that we touched on in our reserves announcement
 and today in our guidance announcement is on acceleration.
 And so this year we've put a range of infill wells into our 2P reserves
 and we see a lot more potential in the field for infill drilling
 and bringing forward some of the tail-end resources from Johan Svedrup.
 And this field has an extremely long tail and a lot of volumes which can be recovered over its entire field life.
 If we're able to take some of those volumes and move them forward, extending plateau and arresting the decline are two opportunities where we can see significant potential.
 and we're doing pieces of work to try and identify
 and understand what that potential looks like.
 like.
 Secondly, there's some constraints around some of the facility's capacity and reservoir management
 that we're trying to understand and investigate here.
 And especially around water handling and water injection, we see some significant upside there.
 And finally, you can see here the development so far has been concentrated in the field centre.
 and we still see significant opportunity and uncertainty
 around the outside and the flanks of the field
 where there's opportunity for further understanding,
 potentially increased thickness of the reservoir,
 And further to that, further development, which could see some of those volumes being produced.
 So with all three of these, acceleration through infill drilling, an improvement in capacity
 and further understanding and development of the flanks of the field, we see significant
 running room in in Johan Sverdrup and that in the fullness of time we'll be
 able to share more details of what that looks like.
 The Phase 2 project on Johan Svedrup is firmly on schedule for Q4 of this year.
 We're around 70% complete now.
 We've started drilling on some of the satellite areas and the P2 processing platform will be installed in late Q1 of this year with the hookup and commissioning in Q2.
 and the project teams are doing a phenomenal job
 at managing all of the risks and uncertainties
 with this project notwithstanding COVID over the last two years and being able to keep
 this project firmly on track and not only on track on schedule where we're on
 on cost as well.
 So we still sit with costs in line with the PDO estimate for phase two.
 Moving now on to the Greater Edward-Grieg area,
 and this really is a core area for Lundin Energy
 and one where we've seen significant growth and significant upside.
 and there's still a significant amount of activity in this region.
 We started with Edward Grieg at 186 million barrels of Tupi reserves when we sanctioned the project.
 And now, in the greater area, we see that growing to 450.
 If we include the upsides and some potential exploration success,
 we could be between 600 and 800 million barrels of reserves
 and resources in this area, which is over four times what we started with.
 And Evergreeg itself is performing well.
 we've seen outperformance reserves increase. Solveig has grown over the years. This year as
 well we see reserves increase because of the the results of drilling and we've got three projects
 in the area. A further development on Solveig, Rolfsnes Fullfield and Lil Prinsen to the north
 where we see future potential to grow in the Edvard Grieg area.
 Yeah.
 Edvard Grieg itself, we announced a just shy of 30 million barrels increase in the 2P reserves from Edvard Grieg.
 and you can see in the bottom left here how much this has grown since PDO.
 186 million barrels is now just shy of 380
 and we still have upsides to continue to grow that and where we see upsides we
 We completed the in-for-wells this year on schedule, on budget, and the productivity
 from two of these wells with the fish bones
 is significantly higher than what we expected to see.
 so we see further potential to deploy the fish bones more towards the eastern
 flanks of the field and the eastern core of the field where we have slightly poorer reservoir
 our quality and that's where we see the real benefit of these fishbone
 completions by increasing productivity.
 We drilled for the first time production wells into the Jorvik High and the Jorvik Basin
 and we see further running room which we'll understand a little bit more through the production
 performance of the wells.
 In the northern area we have two wells already producing from the TELUS area
 where we see a very small layer of Asgard sand sitting above basement.
 and those two wells in the north have seen a really good charge
 from the basement into this thin sand
 giving us good production performance.
 And so we'll talk in a slide or two around the whole basement potential in the region,
 but already we have wells on production in the basement.
 In Jorvik and in TELUS, we have further opportunity in the field
 to explore what the basement potential could be
 on top of where this Asgard sand will sit in those regions.
 On top of that, we have further infill drilling planned in the core of the field as well.
 So although we've already seen significant resource growth in Edvard Grieg, I don't think we're yet finished with Edvard Grieg.
 In Solveig, we started this field in Q3 of 2021,
 and we've seen an increase in reservoir properties
 due to the results of the drilling campaign on Solveig.
 And so that drives the increase of 11 million barrels to our 2P reserves.
 We're now getting ready for a phase two development,
 which will take into account
 the D-segment discovery we made last year
 and there's a well towards the northeast of the field.
 and in the southwest you see two wells in the synrift section and so we'll be maturing this
 project through towards PDO and we're looking at opportunities.
 We see segment A there.
 we're looking at opportunities to further explore and expand Solveig to continue this growth story.
 story.
 And finally, on the Edvard Grieg area, a little bit around Lille-Princen
 and the regional basement potential in Rolves-ness.
 So in Rolvesnes, if we start in the south of this, Rolvesnes has a resource potential of between 14 and 78 million barrels of resources.
 We have the extended well test, which we started up last year.
 And this well test aims to prove a number of things in the basement.
 One, that we have productivity over a long period of time, and two, that we have a water
 cut development that that allows for a full field development and so the stability of
 the water cut development is key to ensure that the fractured and weathered basement
 continues to contribute to a well over a long period of time.
 And we see matrix flow, not only fracture flow,
 where we see water coming up from underneath the field.
 And what we've seen in Rolesness is our water cut is stabilising around 45% to 50%.
 And the key thing is that the stability in the water cut development
 means we're seeing a lot more contribution
 from the weathered basement
 and a lot more contribution from the matrix.
 and so because we're starting to see this this water cut stabilize it suggests
 that we've got a significant running room on Rolfsness
 to continue with a full-field development.
 And I think what you'll see on that development is a phased development where we take small steps to further understand the resource potential.
 and so if we take that knowledge on the basement
 and step up to Lil Prinsen
 Last year, we completed a transaction with Equinor
 to acquire an extra 20% and take operatorship of Lil Prinsen.
 and then we drilled a suite of exploration and appraisal wells this year.
 and what we've found is some good quality sands in Lil Prinsen
 but we've also found basement potential below.
 And so what you see here in the resource range is primarily the good quality sands
 with a small amount of basement potential.
 But what we found in that basement is we have three times the thickness
 or up to three times the thickness of what we do in Rolesness.
 and we also have the oil in Little Princeton
 is the same as Edvard Grieg and roughly in pressure communication potentially through the aquifer.
 So you have this basement potential that extends from Rolfsness all the way up to Lil' Prinsen.
 and we have the ability to go and phase the development
 and in Lilprinsen as well to test some of this basement potential on top of the base.
 And so if we put our arms around all of that, there's potentially up to 300 million barrels of gross potential in this area due to basement alone on top of what we have in the field and the non-basement potential.
 And so we'll be spending a little bit more time this year
 with both the PDOs and the understanding in the area
 to try and explore what further potential we have
 in the regional basement in the Yatsira High.
 Stepping out of the Itzira high into Wisting, this will become a new core production area
 for Lundin Energy, and as Nick touched on earlier, it's a really strategic acquisition
 for us that adds long-life resources into a window where we're looking for
 that growth and so we remain firmly on track with engineering and the work
 required to submit the PDO at the end of this year, and we've also been awarded a further
 license in the latest app around and we'll take a 35 percent working interest in all
 of the acreage around whisting and operatorship of the exploration phase and there's running room of
 up to 500 million barrels as identified today on that exploration potential and we'll be
 be working with Equinor, the operator, to mature that forward.
 So really exciting area.
 I think there's more to hear regarding Wisting as we move forwards.
 In the Alfheim area, the fantastic work that ACA-BP have been doing in Alfheim really continues.
 We see new projects, Cobra East Gecko and Frosk,
 were sanctioned last year, and they're moving into the execution phase, and we should see
 Trell and Treen moving through the same process this year.
 And those material additions add significant volumes, but also significant production into the profile for the Alfheim area.
 and I think that will continue into the future.
 Looking at the future growth potential, we have three projects in execution just now.
 Keg Frosk and Johan Svedrup phase two and then five more progressing to PDO and those five represent
 240 million barrels net resource and so that that project is our short to medium term production
 growth and then we have a remaining
 program of five ENA wells in 2022, targeting around 140 million barrels. And so we'll see
 those being drilled through the course of the year and then we have a material program ongoing with
 still around 100 licences in Norway and an exciting program for 2023 and beyond as well.
 My final two slides looking at reserves resources and production on the the reserves and resources position
 we touched on the 200% resource replacement ratio for 2021,
 and that's made up of primarily Whisting, Edvard Grieg and Solveig.
 And so if we look at the reconciliation of our 2P reserves and 2C resources,
 We see the production of 71 million barrels.
 We see the Edvard Grieg and Solveig 2P reserve additions of 39, corresponding to around 55% reserve replacement ratio.
 and then we see the whisting transaction coming in less some of the the stranded assets in the
 which we took off the books at the end of last year.
 And all of that together points towards a strong resource replacement ratio, two barrels added for every barrel produced, and over a billion BOEs of 2P resources and 2C resources and 2P reserves.
 And then my final slide before I hand over to Taita is our long-term production outlook.
 and we've shared this for the last few years at CMD and year on year we see that the 2P
 reserves position continues to increase.
 And so you can see on here in the dark blue bars, our current 2P reserves position and
 And you see in the red line what the 2P reserves were at the year-end 2020, so 12 months ago.
 And you see in nearly every year an increase.
 Our role as a technical and management team
 to turn some of the 3P and upsides into 2P reserves over time.
 and I think you've seen our track record of doing that year after year
 and you see the potential in our asset base
 to continue to do that over time.
 And so we all believe that that 3P and upsides will continue to be added into the 2P
 and new opportunities will come on top of that.
 And so our production growth outlook is greater than 200 by 2023 and significantly more, as you can see here, and where we will sustain that greater than 200 with this pipeline of projects and new opportunities.
 and so it's been a fantastic year in 2021 really strong performance across all of the assets and I
 think there's a really exciting portfolio for this year to continue and putting this portfolio
 together with ACA BP, as Nick touched on, creates one of the world's, or it's certainly
 Europe's leading and one of the world's leading low-cost, low-carbon companies were
 significant growth into the future. And with that I'll pass over to Taita.
 Okay, thanks Stan for that, and good afternoon everybody, or good morning, depending on where you are.
 So we're now going to go through Q4 financial numbers, which again are going to show a very strong quarterly performance.
 and we're also touching on the full-year results for the company.
 and then towards the end
 will give a brief guidance on the 2022 numbers as we see them. And just a comment on the accounting
 implications from the announced deal with Dakar BP whereby we combine our EMP business
 with Akra BP. What that means is that from the fourth quarter onward we will present all
 the numbers relating to the EMP business as discontinued operations in our
 consolidated income statement and similarly on our consolidated balance sheet we will
 present the liabilities and assets associated with that business as assets
 and liabilities held for distribution.
 But in terms of the numbers we are presenting here today, you will see everything as normal
 as we are combining this continued and continued operation together in one financial metric.
 BOE per day, and that is then the number that drives all the financial numbers we are reporting
 for the quarter. And similarly for the full year we were also over lifted on an annualized basis by
 So I run about 6,000 barrels, so 196,000 BOE per day in terms of sold volume.
 Strong price, oil prices have been very strong, similar to gas prices, $77 a barrel for the
 crude oil we sold in the fourth quarter, and actually over $200 a barrel in BOE terms for
 gas around about 34 dollars per per mcf obviously the gas market in in Europe
 has been well advertised to be extremely tight and that's certainly shown true in our realized gas
 gas prices because we've been through those to some degree but three dollars 81 per barrel
 for the fourth quarter, and we had oil and gas investments of just over 230 million dollars,
 and also we completed the visiting acquisition in the fourth quarter so
 So that led to a $320 million cash consideration to OMV for the 25% we acquired.
 In terms of cash generation for the full year, you can see on the top right here EBITDA
 a generation of over 4.8 billion dollars for the full year and cash flows from our
 operating activities over three billion dollars and then generating free cash
 cash flow of 1.6 billion dollars for the full year.
 And that delivered the debt position of the company down to just over $2.7 billion.
 And as Nick mentioned, we are again increasing dividends.
 the criteria we set out when we started off paying dividends in 2018 and we've
 essentially increased dividends in line with financial earnings over that period except for the
 the year 2020 when we had the COVID impact, but again,
 material increase in dividend proposed to the AGM this year of 25%, which equates to
 just over 56 cents per quarter in quarterly dividend payments.
 If we then look at some of the key financial metrics that we normally report on as we go through the year,
 starting off with EBITDA at $1.46 billion for the quarter.
 that's generated of revenue of $1.55 billion.
 And as you can see in the top right corner, very strong sales price for the quarter, $84 per BOE.
 Obviously, as I mentioned, the realest gas price is pulling up the BOE number quite significantly.
 significantly so 94% up on the same quarter last year and also the sales
 volumes up 18.3 million barrels, up 6% on the second quarter last year.
 The cash flows from operation in the fourth quarter came in just below $560 million.
 In the fourth quarter we always have a higher tax installment in Norway, given how the phasing
 of tax installments works.
 So we paid $710 million in cash taxes in the quarter.
 And in addition, we also had a working capital build of over $140 million, given the continued
 strong oil price performance as we went through through the year so also CFFO
 is up more than doubled on the same period last year.
 last year.
 free cash flow before dividend payments 22 million dollars and that was also impacted by by the
 settlement of the listing acquisition of three hundred and twenty million dollars so we had all
 in investment levels of 530 million dollars in the quarter.
 And then in terms of adjusted net results, two hundred and ninety three million dollars
 for the for the fourth quarter but on the face of the income statement if you
 combined discontinued and continued operation we came in at 122 million dollars again the the
 announced acquisition with Acre BP has led to a certain one-off financial items
 which we normally just moved through equity is now having to be charged to
 the income statements such as FX and interest rate swaps, which are now all deemed ineffective,
 given the transaction we have announced.
 So that movement normally went through equity, whereas now going forward, that will be fully charged through the income statement.
 And then a similar outlook for the full year, we generated $5.1 billion of revenue for the full year.
 So that led, as I said, to EBITDA of $4.8 billion, and at our Q3 numbers, we actually
 guided EBITDA, full year EBITDA, between 4.8 to 4.9.
 So we came roughly in at the middle of that guidance.
 And then CFFO came in at, as I said,
 just above $3 billion.
 That then includes cash tax payment for the full year of $1.4 billion and also working
 capital built for the full year of 230 million dollars, so very strong cash flow generation
 and more than doubling from 2020 numbers.
 And as Nick said, free cash flow from operation, free cash flow before dividend payments, $1.6 billion for the full year.
 that's actually covering dividends three and a half times the cash dividend we've paid out
 over the last year.
 And then adjusted net results just below $800 million when we take out the non-cash FX impacts we have on numbers.
 And on the face of the income statement, we have reported just below $500 million in net profit for the full year.
 Just touching a bit more in detail on our realized crude prices as we've gone through the year
 you can see on the chart to the right here that we are showing the timing
 difference which is the orange bar on the average stated brent for each quarter and you can see in
 first half of the year, the timing of our lifting led to us actually outperforming on
 realized prices half half a dollar in the first quarter and one dollar in the second but you can
 You can see that trend then reversing in Q3, Q4, particularly in Q4, you can see on the
 chart to the left we had a high lifted volume in December just as the dated
 Brent was dropping and that's therefore led to a timing difference of $1.70 for
 the fourth quarter negative impact on our realized prices.
 And the red bars you see here are then the differentials to the dated brand.
 And we've sold between half a dollar to two dollars differentials in each of these quarters.
 It's been a very busy year for our crude oil marketing department.
 We sold close to 100 cargoes for the year, so almost two cargoes per week.
 So the team here in Geneva has done a great job in marketing and then selling all these cargoes.
 and on gas gas prices has been very much an increasing trend as we've gone through
 through the year and actually in in december alone we realized the 240
 dollars a barrel per boe equivalent in in realized gas prices so very strong macro environment here on
 on gas sales in Europe.
 We are selling both into the UK market and into the Dutch gas market on pricing ahead.
 And, of course, importantly, when Edward Grieg will be fully electrified at the end of this year, our gas sales volume will obviously increase since we are not going to burn any gas on the gas turbines on Edward Grieg.
 So that will lead to even further revenues from our gas production when we look into 2023 and beyond.
 Then looking at operating costs and EBDA margin, we continue to very much have industry-leading
 unit operating costs out there and which is leading to an exceptionally high EBITDA margin
 you can see here 94 percent in q4 and in fact it's been around about 94 percent over the last
 five quarters on the chart to the to the left you can see there was a little bit of an optic in in
 in unit OPEX for the fourth quarter.
 and Dan touched upon this already,
 but you can see at the bottom of the bars here,
 you can see the actual impact from higher electricity prices and also higher
 CO2 prices, both of those prices increased roughly 50% from Q3 to Q4.
 So that was leading to a somewhat higher unit of OPEX, also combined with a somewhat stronger
 Norwegian kroner compared to previous quarters.
 So all in, that has pushed the unit OPEX to $3.81, but nevertheless still extremely low
 and for the full year, as Dan said, we came in at $3.10 for the year as an average.
 then looking at
 At tax, the top two charts show the Q4 effective tax rate on the face of the income statement
 of 89%.
 if we then again adjust for the non-cash financial items which have very little tax impact for
 us, then you can see we get to a 79% effective tax rate, which is very much in line with
 what you would expect given that we operate in Norway where you have a 78% effective tax
 rate.
 And then the chart on the bottom here shows you the phasing of our cash tax installments.
 As I mentioned in Q4, we had a significantly higher tax installment given that you make
 two tax installments in that quarter. So 711 million dollars installed in Q4.
 and if you sum up all of the quarter last year we paid 1.4 billion dollars.
 But you'll also see on our balance sheet that we have a tax liability,
 current tax liability of close to 1.6 billion dollars and that's then the cash tax catch-up
 payment we have to make in the first half of this year to fully settle the 2021 tax due.
 So you can see we have already locked in these tax installments of 510 million dollars in Q1
 and just over a billion dollars in Q2
 based on the year-end FX rate of 8.8 NOC to the dollar.
 So those are the locked-in tax installments we already know we have to make in Q1 and Q2.
 Then looking at the full year cash generation for the business, which as I said was very strong
 The CFO, organic CFO, before we adjust for the working capital came in at close to $3.3 billion
 and after working capital, $3 billion and $58 million.
 We have total investments during the year of one just over 1.4 billion dollars
 around about 300 million dollars relates to E&A and 320 million dollars
 relates to the visiting acquisition. And then the delta is split roughly a third, a third, a third
 for Edward Grieg, Johans Ferdrup, and Edward Grieg,
 with some smaller items also on the Alpheim area.
 so that's how we define the free cash flow before dividends of 1.6 billion
 dollars for the full year and you can see here the total dividend payment of
 of $455 million and debt reduction of close to $800 million, which therefore gave us a
 cash build of 370 million dollars so we're exiting 2021 with a cash tax sorry a cash
 balance of 450 million dollars in terms of debt position and and liquidity headroom for the for
 the company at year-end we had gross debt of 3.2 billion dollars which consists of
 bonds amounting to two billion dollars and term loans spread over three four and five year maturities
 of 1.2 billion dollars, so in total 3.2. And as I said, rounded we have cash of just
 below half a billion dollars leaving the net debt of 2.7 billion dollars in terms
 of available liquidity for the group. We have an undrawn revolving credit facility of 1.5
 billion dollars so in addition to the cash we're holding we have in total to
 around about two billion dollars of of liquidity headroom as of year-end 2021.
 If we now turn into guidance for 2022, and what I should emphasize here is that this guidance is provided on a Lundin standalone basis as if the Acker-BP combination is not happening.
 But as I said in my introduction, from now up to closing, we will continue to report the EMP business as discontinued operations.
 so the numbers here are essentially reflecting no deal happening at all
 and the year would be as a normal EMP year for us.
 so the guidance here the key highlights are as i said earlier the dividend of 2.25 per share
 and that will be proposed to the AGM in 2022 and we will then commence our
 quarterly dividends as normal until the deal with Accra BP completes.
 The CFFO guidance we're giving here is between $1.3 to $2.1 billion for the full year, and
 And that's on an oil price range between 65 to 85 dated brent average for the full year.
 And on the midpoint of the price bracket we give, which is $75 Brent, we anticipate to
 the price bracket.
 generate free cash flow after dividend payments for the year, so that will reduce net debt
 to EBITDA is down still further to roughly 0.5 times ratio at year-end 22.
 been through the been through the OPEX guidance and the as we announced this
 This morning the oil and gas investment is estimated to amount to 760 million dollars
 and then renewable and natural carbon capture projects amounting to around about $70 million.
 and then running through the details of our guidance as we normally do.
 So if we focus on the mid-column here, which is our base case, planning assumption on oil
 price in 2022 75 dollars and 100 pence a term in in gas price that will then generate a revenue per
 barrel of 76 dollars and 70 cents which is 5.3 billion dollars in in absolute revenue giving a
 cash margin of $5.1 billion, or around about $73 a barrel, and an EBITDA netback of $72.40
 per barrel, or just above $5 billion in EBITDA generation, based on our midpoint scenario
 $75 brand.
 And then in terms of P&L impact, as I said, the cash margin, $73 a barrel.
 We have a depletion charge of just below $11 a barrel, which is slightly above the depletion
 rate we run with in 2021 and the GNA is running as usual at a very low rate of 60 cents per
 per barrel produced for the year. And then financial items, which includes income from
 joint ventures which are our renewable projects in Finland and like hunger in Norway amounting
 to two dollars a barrel so giving us profit before tax just below sixty dollars a barrel
 And then the tax charge around about $47 a barrel, giving us a net after-tax profit of $12 a barrel.
 And you can see here the current tax as a percentage of the EBITDA generation
 in the midpoint oil drive scenario, 61%.
 and that will equate to roughly three just over three billion dollars in current tax
 for the year 2022 and that tax calculation is based on the proposed new tax legislation in Norway
 which is going through Parliament soon but hasn't been ratified as yet but the
 numbers are based on, that it will be.
 and then the the last slide on on the netback guidance for us
 here this is the cash flows from operation for the for 2022 and we are sitting as i said between
 1.3 billion dollars at the 65 dollar case up to 2.1 billion dollars in the 85 dollar case.
 And in this year, we will have the cash tax payments will actually mirror to a large degree the current tax that we will charge to the income statement, given that we have a $1.6 billion cash tax payment to make this year relating to the 2021 tax bill.
 And you can see here all the capital items are amounting up to $12 a barrel, or around about $830 million.
 dollars so that will therefore give us a free cash flow available for dividends
 of between 6.8 to 18.3 dollars a barrel.
 So certainly in the $75 and $85 cases, you can see that we are more than funding the dividend payments we are proposing.
 And in the $65 case, we are slightly drawing on debt to fund the dividend to the tune of $140 million dollars.
 but the bottom line here is that it's a low opex business and it's also very low
 capex intensity business all in capex to to grow production further is is only 12 a barrel
 for the full year.
 And if we then look out in time and focus on the CAPEX profile we have,
 If we focus on the 2P plus FIRM, which is essentially our 2P resource, plus Visting and some of the projects in the Alvheim area,
 You can see this year, as we guided this morning,
 520 million dollars this year and a similar level next year and then when listing expenditure
 starts to ramp up, you can see that we're
 running at around about 700 million dollars per year for out to 2026 so it'll continue to be a
 business with relatively low capex intensity as we look out in time and
 And then the lighter blue bars here are the growth projects that Dan talked about, mainly relating to Rollsness and Solvike expenditures.
 In 2024, the majority of this spend would relate to rolesness, and then in 2025 you
 We have a roughly 50-50 split between Rolzenes and Solvig Phase 2 in terms of development
 expenditure.
 And my final slide before I hand back to Nick is just a quick summary of the guidance we have
 set out in our press release this morning so 180 to 200 000 boe per day for the full year guidance
 guidance, and all our numbers in terms of netback guidance was based on the midpoint
 of this 190 000 boe per day for the full year we've been through the opex which is slightly up three
 $3.60 for this year but dropping down to $3.10 again in 2023 when we have a full year worth
 of phase two johannsberg group contribution and the capital items that we went through earlier
 amounting to 830 million dollars including renewables and carbon capture
 expenditure and some decommissioning costs. So with that I will hand back to
 Nick with some concluding remarks well thanks Dan and Taita I've just got one
 final slide before we open up for questions. I just want to leave you with these three
 key messages. First, we delivered record operational and record financial results
 in the year, supporting increased dividend proposal to the AGM.
 Secondly, the proposed combination of Lundin Energy's E&P business and ACABP creates a
 leading European independent E&P company, which I'm convinced is a win-win outcome for both
 sets of shareholders, and it's expected that that transaction will complete around the
 middle of this year.
 and then thirdly
 The remaining London Energy is a new renewable energy business positioned for growth.
 And we'll provide you more details about that and the strategy for that business in early March so you can understand the opportunity.
 So those are our full year 2021 results and our outlook for this year.
 thanks for your time
 and we'd now like to open up the call for your questions.
 and I think Ed is going to run that process for us.
 Thanks very much, Nick.
 Yeah, Mark, we'll open up for questions from your conference call line first
 and then you can hand back to me
 and I'll see if there's any from the web.
 so over to you Mark
 Thank you.
 to the callers on the phones.
 If you do wish to ask a question, please dial 01 on your telephone keypads now to enter the queue.
 Once your name has been announced, you can ask your question.
 If you find your question is answered before it's your time to speak, you can dial 02 to cancel.
 So once again, that's 01 for Ask a Question.
 or 02 if you need to cancel.
 Our first question comes from the line
 of
 Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 uh i had two please uh the first was related to the the 2022 to 2026 capex guidance and if i were
 were to compare today's guidance with the one presented in last year's capital markets day
 it appears there is a significant increase in the underlying capex levels and
 And here I'm comparing the capex required for the 2P reserves with last year's total capex projections.
 If you could let us know the key reasons for the increase, you mentioned CapEx for Rawls-Ness and Solveig.
 Is that the only reason for the increase or are there other reasons as well?
 Also, if you could reconfirm, again, the CapEx guidance for the discovered and the contingent
 subside that that is primarily for the visiting development I suppose the
 second question was regarding the the comment made on the reduction of the two
 contingent resource base that was related to the standard assets in the
 I was just wondering if they could provide more details on what these resources were,
 if there were any key discoveries
 that you had previously highlighted, that would be helpful.
 Thanks.
 Taita, do you want to get the first one and maybe Dan the second?
 Yeah.
 yeah i can on on the capex guidance so what we call 2p plus firm includes obviously all our 2p
 reserves and the bulk of that
 the remaining expenditure really relates to the build-out of Johans Virtual Phase 2.
 But what we call firm here is the majority of that is the visiting development, which
 is a material capex project obviously up in the up in the bar and see when we guided last year we
 We only had 10% of listing in our numbers, whereas with the acquisition with OMV this
 year that number is now 35% equity in the visiting development and and from
 2024 onward the bulk of the two people's firm really relates to the visiting the building out
 of the wisdom development so that is the answer to that and I think on the
 The Barents Sea assets, the small discoveries are Nidans, Selina, Filacudi, small 10 to
 20 million barrel gas or small oil stranded assets,
 So nothing of any materiality in the Barons.
 Great.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the mind of Johann Chalenton of Société Générale.
 Please go ahead to your line.
 It's open.
 Yes, good afternoon, everyone.
 Thank you to Taito to provide that much granularity on the financial section of the presentation.
 I would like to come back on to this slide showing the CAPEX profile.
 interesting to know is that it's possible to understand how much of wasting project is shown
 here because of course as you said we still will only start to impact capex
 from 2024 onwards first oil as we speak also the project has yet to be sanctioned is lately slated
 Sorry for 2028.
 So, on this slide, basically, what is the share of the full capex associated with whisting
 that is shown and then the second question will be trying to come back on
 to some content you used to provide to the investment community.
 that was your free cash flow break-even sort of level over the midterm are you able to provide any
 color on this on your ENP portfolio indeed uh over the midterm we're at sort of free cash for break
 given we should sort of have in mind.
 And then the final question is in relation to the portfolio
 the inventory of resources that could be see an FID by the end of this year to
 benefit from tax relief are you able to provide a bit more color on the share
 looking away from wasting as part of this inventory.
 Thank you.
 Yep.
 Shall I take the topics?
 Yeah, I mean, we guide out to 2026 here, and I should say, the visiting project is scheduled to start up in 2028.
 So, obviously, there will be continued capex both in 27 and 28 and probably some drilling beyond that even.
 but we we align the copy's guidance here with our production guidance which we're also showing out
 to 2026 but what we are giving guidance on is the full full scale capex of johannes of fisting
 I think 65 to 75 billion NOC, I think the number is or thereabout.
 So I think you can take your 35% net from that, and you can roughly eyeball it, because
 from obviously we will have some Johan Sverdrup numbers in 2023 and and and beyond for for drilling
 and there will also be the cake and frost developments in the Alverheim area but
 But as I said, the bulk of this will be visiting development.
 And so I think you can eyeball roughly what 2027 and 28 expenditure will look like without knowing the exact facing of that.
 And, of course, the PDO on this thing hasn't been submitted as yet, so the caveat on this
 is, of course, also that we need to see a more exact phasing of the CAPEX when we submit
 the PDO.
 And then in terms of your free cash flow breakeven, I mean, we didn't feel it was
 appropriate for us given the deal with Accra BP to guide beyond 2022 otherwise we normally would have
 would have done that but I think it suffices to say you again look at the
 Capex profile we're showing here and you see the the growing production profile
 that we are showing, that that should explain to you that the capex intensity per barrel
 will remain low, and our long-term OPEX guidance between $3 to $4 a barrel is also a very low
 number and with reducing debt and and cheaper debt with investment rates in place now all the elements
 are in place for us to continue to have an extremely low free cash flow break even price
 for the business as we look forward.
 And I think your question on the resources, so on the slide, we said 240 million barrels.
 In Whisting, we're 35% of the 500 million barrel discovery,
 So just shy of 180 of that is whisting.
 the remainder net resources in the remaining four projects.
 hope that helps
 Okay, thank you both.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carl Peterson of ABG Sunville Collier.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Thank you, guys.
 I just wondered about the production profile for this year,
 if you could elaborate on the magnitude
 of the birth trial program during the second quarter
 Porter and also Edward Crick how for how long time will there be downtime on
 from those assets and then looking ahead, I guess,
 Do you have any indications on the development of the regulatory process regarding the merger
 with or the transaction with Okra BP.
 Dan, why don't you get the first one and I can take the second.
 No problem.
 We're not going to give exact guidance
 for exactly how long it's going to be shut down
 because we have a range in our profiles.
 I think you can see from Q1 and Q3 where there are no outages the rough level of
 where where our production would normally sit and I think if you if you
 think in the order of a small number of weeks for those outages on both Edvard
 Grieg and Svedrup, that's around the right ballpark.
 And in terms of the regulatory process for approval, as I mentioned when I spoke for the transaction, both sets of shareholders will vote, ours at the end of March and ACA BP's early April.
 we also have
 government approval to achieve
 and also competition authority approval in Norway.
 And those are the only real regulatory approvals that we have to get.
 And I think, you know, our feeling is that those are really a formality.
 It just takes a bit of time, and that's why it takes from now until around the middle
 of the year to close the transaction. So, you know, it's very low risk to this deal
 not going ahead given the nature of the shareholding of both companies and the quality of the transaction.
 and the regulatory approvals that are required.
 Hopefully that gives you a clear, clear understanding.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 There's currently one further question in the phone line.
 So just as a reminder to participants, if you do wish to ask a question, please dial 01 now.
 The next question comes from Al Stanton of Royal Bank of Canada.
 please go ahead
 the queue line is open.
 Yes, good afternoon, guys.
 just two simple questions really
 Um, with respect to development and exploration spending in, uh, in 2022, can you give us
 any flavor of the timing, whether it's just chunked in 25% per quarter or whether there's
 any additional guidance or colour you'd provide on that,
 whether there's any heavy quarters.
 And then a separate question on gas.
 I'm just wondering if gas sales are purely driven by the GOR or whether, you know, there
 is some pressure maintenance that consumes gas that you might be able to redirect towards
 additional gas sales, as you've mentioned, with the electrification of a degree.
 Thank you.
 Dan, why don't you cover both of those?
 Yeah. Firstly, on the gas side, I think most of it's associated gas.
 We don't have a big gas injection program that we can swing in and move the amounts of produced gas.
 So I think, Al, the amount of gas production you've seen
 over the past period, you'll probably see going forwards as well.
 And I think the E&A and development spending, most of, if we focus on the appraisal spending
 first, most of that is linked to studies and activities towards the PDOs, so I think you'll
 see that roughly spread over the course of the year and similarly with the
 exploration spend it'll be spread between the wells and and with five wells
 spread over the course of the year you'll see a rough spread rather than all
 all of it being done in one quarter.
 And the development standard of 590 is that?
 That's basically whatever it is, 150 and a quarter.
 the best guidance, yeah.
 Yeah, so the, and Taito, you jump in if there's anything to add.
 So Johan Svedrup makes up a big portion of the development spend there
 and most of that will be spent as you roll between now evenly
 until you get into the final commissioning and startup phase.
 So you'll see that fairly linearly over the course of the year.
 And then depending on the final out term on cost, we may see some of that coming out over time.
 Let's see.
 On the remaining spend, we will finish the development drilling on Solveig in Q1,
 and so you won't see heavy development spend
 in the Edward-Grieg area after that period,
 other than for the Edward Greed Power From Shore project,
 which will be linear through most of the year
 until we get into the commissioning at the end.
 So I think you should roughly see most of this, Al,
 on both the development and ENA spread fairly evenly
 through the year.
 obvious ups and downs as you go.
 Cool. Perfect. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 One side of the question come through on the phone lines.
 That's from James Thompson at JPMorgan.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Great.
 Thanks. Thanks, guys, for the presentation.
 just a quick one for me
 Obviously, you know, a stronger oil price backdrop, everyone's making a little bit more
 money in the upstream i just wondered if you could maybe talk to us a little bit about
 The differentials, particularly on the low-carbon crude front, the idea that you may well start
 to get a bit of a premium for Sverdrup Cargos because of the low carbon nature and also
 Edward Greaves.
 so it feels like the environment's probably better to be testing the water on that because
 you maybe talk a little bit about you know any success or otherwise that you've had in
 Trying to capture some of that Delta
 Taita, do you want to have a go?
 Yeah, I can. Hi, James.
 I mean it's been
 it's been a story we've been telling for some time now and we've been working really hard at
 getting to the great position we now are in, which means that sort of 60% of our production
 is produced carbon neutrally and is actually fully certified, both in terms of the emissions
 and also the offsets that we have purchased for Johan Sverigdrup.
 So it essentially means that every time we now lift a Johan Sverdrup cargo, it is essentially a carbon zero cargo.
 and Wiles is still not showing true in the numbers we presented today,
 but we have actually now sold a few cargoes on Johan Sverdrup
 with a carbon premium implied on the overall price
 is still selling at a discount to Dated Brain, but at a lower discount than it otherwise
 would have, but I would say the numbers are relatively modest at the moment, but you know,
 So we continue to tell the story and to articulate the benefits to our buyers from buying carbon
 neutral cargoes and we firmly believe that over time that will be manifested in the prices
 you're going to achieve.
 Brilliant. Thanks, Titor.
 thank you and there are no further questions on the phones at this time so I'll hand back to the
 room for the questions from the webcast.
 thanks very much Mark
 I'm just checking on the web here
 I think because of an unbelievably good disclosure,
 there's no further questions from the web either.
 So with that, I'll draw the meeting to a close.
 but if anyone has any other questions that they need answering,
 please don't hesitate to drop me a line and we can take it offline.
 So thanks very much for joining.
 You
 Thank you.
 We'll be right back.