 Good day and thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to the Teller 2 4th Quarter Interim Report 2021 Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 After this speaker's presentation, there will be the question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star and one on your telephone
 keypad.
 Please be advised that today's conference has been recorded.
 If you require any further assistance over the phone, please press star zero.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to our speaker today, Shell Jonson.
 See you all.
 Yes, thank you operator and good morning everyone.
 Thank you for bearing with us.
 We seem to have a little bit of technical issues
 with the operator system.
 But here we are.
 So welcome to the Tele2 report call for the fourth quarter
 in the full year of 2021.
 Today I'm very happy that in front of me I have Charlotte Hansson, our new group CFO,
 sitting here in Chista. And of course, with me here, Henrik de Groot, our Chief Commercial
 officer and Stefan Trampus, our head of B2B.
 So today we will walk you through the results of the quarter and the full year.
 the progress that we made in 2021 and the outlook for 2022 and beyond and we'll do a Q&A at
 at the end of it.
 2021 was yet another year with impressive results for a group, and I would like to start by
 highlighting the achievements and strategic initiatives that we've taken.
 So I'm moving to slide two.
 So, despite the challenging year with headwinds stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, we were
 We are able to lift and deliver on our guidance for 2021 by growing and using service revenue
 by 1% and underlying EBITDAL by 5%.
 This was done by continued strong performance in the Baltics, as we were able to achieve
 both as spoo and volume growth, while maneuvering through an unpredictable pandemic.
 In speed and B2B we were able to reach stabilization in Q3 and we see yet another strong quarter
 today.
 In Sweden consumer, we continued our more and more strategy and so strong performance within
 mobile post-aid and fixed broadband, while we were able to mitigate the decline in digital
 TV. At the same time, we executed on our business transformation program, which ended the year
 with an annual run rate of 500 million sec in line with our target.
 During the year, we took a major step in our FMC strategy by creating the new premium
 until the two brand through the consolidation of two of the most iconic brands in Sweden.
 And with that, we concluded the first phase of our FMC strategy.
 I'm very happy to see the results in Sweden B2B that Stefan and his team have delivered
 during the year.
 We presented a new B2B strategy on Capital Market Day.
 I was optimistic and excited, but it pleases me to now say that they have over-delivered
 on my expectations.
 For the second
 second half of the year in 2021.
 This improvement is not merely done through our new SME mobile portfolio, but we see
 improvement across all segments, as we are now able to show the second consecutive quarter
 of growth.
 for a business that was declining by high single digits a year ago.
 In September, we announced the sale of our steak in T-Mobile Netherlands, which was the
 last step in consolidating our international footprints. I'm very impressed by the results
 the team has shown there during the last years and the value that they have created and we
 We were able to achieve a very good valuation for the company.
 We expect the transaction to be completed soon, and once it is done, we intend to distribute
 all of the proceeds to our shareholders.
 That's all for today.
 is a strong cash generative company and as I said during the capital markets day
 One of our midterm targets is to have the best industry shareholder return.
 With the equity-free cash flow that we have generated this year, or rather last year,
 The board intends to increase the ordinary dividend by 12.5 percent to six kronor, 75
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye for now.
 This puts us comfortably within our leverage range, and as we generate more cash and grow
 So we are underlying EBITDAL throughout the year.
 We should expect us to re-level the balance sheet to remain around the midpoint over time
 and distribute that cash to our shareholders.
 And with that, please move to slide three.
 We started in 2021 by witnessing negative impacts on the pandemic, where the primary
 had been being lower international roaming revenue.
 However, during the year, we've seen Roman gradually returning, and we are now experiencing
 a tailwind.
 albeit at a lower level than before the pandemic.
 At the same time, we've been able to build a solid foundation for growth throughout the
 year, which we have seen tangible results for since Q2 2021.
 In this quarter, we see a continuation of this, and we were able to grow and use a service
 revenue by 2%, both including and excluding roaming.
 adding up to a 1% growth for the whole of 2021.
 In Q4, we decided to take our foot off the gas a bit in terms of commercial spending.
 Since I became CEO of this company, you have heard me talk about the importance of balancing
 value and volume in the consumer business in order to achieve sustainable growth in the
 long term.
 During the first half of 2021, we focus on monetizing the increased demand for data by
 by our customers by executing on our more and more strategy.
 In the second half, as society's opened and market activity picked up, we shifted focus
 to invest more in the market.
 As Q4 normally is a quarter driven by high activities through campaigns, we decided to
 take a more active part in the market compared to the year before.
 This hampered some of the underlying EBITDA growth in the quarter, but it creates value
 for the long-term as we balance the value and volume in our customer base.
 rates, coupled with FX headwinds in Sweden, and increased inflation, particularly in the
 voltics resulted in an underlying beta growth of 1.3 percent in a quarter.
 Since this was in line with our plans and clearly communicated, we are able to land
 bottom without our guidance for the year as underlying EBITDAO grew by 5%.
 As a result, we saw strong cash generation during the 2021, with equity-free cash flow
 So growing double digits to 5.8 billion for the year.
 In Sweden, consumer, we see continued strong performance in broadband and mobile postspites
 and user service revenue on the back of our more-for-more strategy.
 With investments in the market, we were able to see strong net intake in mobile post-paid
 resulting in the customer base growing year-over-year.
 The renamed Teletubes Play Plus continues to show solid performance and we also launched our first SLIN offer now in January.
 further future-proofing our role as a player both in linear and OTT universe within the TV business.
 Sweden B2B saw the second consecutive quarter of growth driven by mobile volume growth,
 Solutions and slight tailwind in roaming.
 The mobile volume growth is driven by all segments.
 activity within a solution space continues to peak up despite some challenges in the
 supply chain. The Baltics continue to perform well, driven by both volume and
 and astro growth in Lithuania and Latvia,
 resulting in strong end-user service revenue development.
 During the quarter we saw some elevated costs driven by increased commercial spending in
 in order to sustain the growth, but also through higher inflation rates, primarily impacting
 energy costs.
 On a positive note, in Latvia we were able to secure Spectrum in a 700 MHz auction at
 fair prices, which now enables us to start a full rollout of 5G within the country.
 So let's move over to Sweden consumer slide five.
 During the quarter, we saw strong mobile posts paid net intake.
 And as a result, we were able to grow the customer base
 compared to last year.
 total state output increased by 2% driven by price adjustments made previously in the
 year and slight tailwind from roaming.
 These adjustments made earlier in the year continue to impact the 6th broadband ASPU,
 which grew by 1%.
 We saw a stronger quarter in terms of new sales,
 We didn't fix the broadband.
 However, this was offset by higher churn in the base as an effect of historically high sales periods
 in which customers are now rolling off, resulting in somewhat lower net intake.
 In digital TV, cable and fiber, we see continued contribution from Intelli2 Play Plus which
 which helped us to grow by 3% in the quarter.
 We continue to see a negative intake, which
 and user service revenue growth.
 Moving on
 As to volume growth in mobile post-paid led to an end-user service revenue growth of 2%
 for mobile phosphate and one for a total mobile.
 We'll see you in the next video.
 continued end-users revenue growth in fixed broadband of 3%, driven by both ASTU and
 volume growth.
 Total end-user service revenue for digital TV declined by 4% in the quarter, primarily
 driven by continued decline in the legacy DTT TV service due to a declining customer base.
 moving on to B2B, next page.
 Mobile net intake continued to be strong in a quarter, driven by new contracts, both within
 SME and large segments.
 The mobile altitude declined in the quarter by 4%, but we clearly see improvements from
 the levels witnessed at the end of last year.
 Continued mobile volume growth and strong growth in the solutions business was able to fully
 offset the decline in the legacy-fixed business, resulting in Sweden B2B throwing end-user
 So let's revenue for the second consecutive quarter with 1%.
 Now let's turn to page eight for a Sweden overview.
 end-user service revenue was flat in Sweden.
 growth in Sweden B2B was offset by continued decline in the legacy services within Sweden
 consumer.
 Underlying EBITDAL was flagged compared to Q4 2020 as a contribution from the business
 Transformation Program was offset by FXHeadwinds and increased commercial spending in a quarter
 within the consumer.
 We continue to see strong cash conversion of 64%, but at slightly lower levels compared
 to previous quarters as we ramp up network investments related to the 5G rollouts.
 And then moving to Baltics, page 10.
 In the Baltics, we continue to see strong volume and astro growth in Lithuania and Latvia
 as we are able to monetize data through our more and more strategy.
 the slide tailwind from roaming. In Estonia we also see strong as per growth driven by
 by price adjustments, while volume growth was hampered by promotional activity from competitors
 leading to elevated churn in the quarter.
 Moving on.
 Naturally, this as to when volume growth resulted in strong end-users service Germany in the
 quarter and we saw growth of 14% for the Baltics. Underlying Hibital grew by 7% in the quarter
 as the strong end user service in the growth was partly offset by slight pressure from
 writing inflation rates, primarily impacting energy costs, and higher commercial spend
 in Lithuania and Estonia and I would add also an adjustment in our, an accounting adjustment
 related to handsets.
 But with that, I'd like to thank all of you for watching this video.
 I hope you enjoyed it.
 to hand over to Charlotte, who will take us through the financial overview.
 So welcome Charlotte and I hand it over to you.
 Thank you, Sheld, and good morning, everyone.
 Before we dig into the group financials,
 I'd like to give a quick take on my first impressions of Teller 2.
 During my first week here, I can see that in the last couple of years,
 So the two have built a solid foundation to become a leading telco in the Nordic and the
 region.
 This includes investing and developing an organization
 that can create sustainable growth.
 best shareholder, industry shareholder return and lead in sustainability.
 The group leadership team that I've joined includes several individuals with a long
 expertise of the telco industry, both domestic and international.
 international
 And after working in several different companies outside of the telco industry, I believe I
 can contribute with an outside perspective in order to improve and excel over a descent
 fantastic results that we have seen and which we will continue to achieve going forward.
 It's our job now to show that we can deliver on our midterm ambitions
 and illustrate that we are a growing company.
 Please turn to page 13 in the presentation.
 As in previous quarter, we have created this slide to show the revenue breakdown of our
 segments, excluding roaming, to illustrate that we are a company that is going to spike
 the tailwind from roaming.
 Like Shell said, consumer post-paid continues to perform well, as prior
 adjustments made previously during the year, and volume growth contributes to the end use
 of-
 service revenue grace total sweden consumer end user service revenue declined by 0.6 percent
 in the quarter, excluding roaming, as growth in mobile postage and fixed broadband was
 offset by declining legacy services.
 In Sweden B2B, we see continuous strong momentum in mobile institutions offset by the climate
 fixed legacy services, and total end-user service revenue remains stable despite roaming
 b-
 being excluded.
 In the Baltics, the strong performance continues, resulting in 13% growth, primarily driven
 by higher ASPIL and volume growth in Lithuania and Latvia.
 For the group, this led to an end-user service revenue growth of 2.3% in the quarter excluding
 in roaming.
 We now see that roaming revenue is starting to come back in a material way as outbound
 and Roaming increased by 25 million second a quarter compared to Q4 2020.
 However, this is still not close to the roaming levels that were sought prior to the pandemic.
 to slide 14 for the group result.
 Underlying EBITDA grew by 1% organically in the quarter, driven by end-user service
 revenue growth and contribution from the Business Transformation Program.
 However, this was partly upset by higher commercial spending, primarily in Sweden, but also in
 and Estonia, and effects headwinds in Sweden.
 also see higher inflation rates impacting the cost primarily through higher energy costs.
 Items effecting comparability of minus 117 million in the quarter.
 primarily stemming from restructuring cost taken in the quarter, which relates to the
 continued execution of the business transformation program in Sweden.
 The decrease in that profit for continuing operations compared to Q4 2020 was primarily
 driven by the close down of the operation in Luxembourg, which had a positive impact
 on the result by roughly 3.3 billion second Q4 2020 but with no impact on equity.
 There's also higher amortarization of the brand compared to last year, following the
 Brown merger in Q2 2021.
 So let's continue with the cash flow on slide 15.
 Thank you.
 CapEx pay decreased to 971 million-second-a-quarter, driven by higher network investments related
 to 5G in Sweden. Working capital was strong in the quarter as we saw three separate items
 that had a positive impact.
 Firstly, we settled the receivable in the quarter of roughly 325 million SEK.
 Secondly, the timing of an account's payable was favorable in the quarter, but we expect
 to see the opposite effect in Q1 2022. Thirdly, we see continued contribution from external
 hence the financing in the Baltic.
 Taxes paid declined compared to Q4 2020 primarily driven by preliminary tax in Sweden for the
 year 2020 which was repaid in the quarter. All of this led to a quarter with remarkably
 strong cash generation of 1.8 billion-seq in equity-free cash flow.
 For 2021, our continuing operations have thus generated 5.8 billion SEK, or 8.3 SEK per share.
 Please move to slide 16 to go through the capital structure.
 Economic net debt rose by 0.2 billion seconds a quarter, as we paid out the second charge
 of the ordinary dividend of 2.1 billion SEK.
 However, this was largely offset by the strong cash generation
 in the quarter.
 At the end of the year, leverage was 2.5, which is still in the lower end of the target range of 2.5 and 3.
 With a proposed two-and-a-half percent increase in ordinary dividend for the financial year
 of 2021, we will comfortably be within our range, and we remain committed to maintaining
 leverage around the midpoint of 2.5 and 3 over time, and re-level the balance sheet
 as we grow underlying a bestowal in order to distribute excess cash to our shareholders.
 In addition to the ordinary dividend, we also intend to distribute the full proceeds from
 on T-Mobile Netherlands transaction.
 as soon as the transaction is closed
 and we have received the cash proceeds.
 With that, I will hand over to Shad.
 Thank you very much, Charlotte, and then please turn over to slide 17, where we will go through
 through the Business Transformation Program.
 So far, we have reached an annualized run rate of 500 million, with savings of 115 million
 affecting the PNL in the quarter, and 355 million for the full year.
 and we are now entering the last stages of the transformation program.
 These last stages include three major operational improvements
 within the business.
 decommissioning the 3G network,
 improve efficiency within our consolidated IT and technology
 and decommissioning our remaining IT stacks once we have migrated all customers.
 Firstly, the close-down of SUNUP, which we have already started, will increase the efficiency
 within our mobile network and reduce the amount of sites that we have as we consolidate
 towers and move frequencies into one company, net formability.
 Secondly, when Teletu and Comhem merged, we realized certain synergies within the technology
 department by merging the fixed and mobile network
 organizations in 2-1.
 When Yogesh joined the company, we further consolidated the technology and the IT department
 into one organization in order to improve collaboration
 within that organization, but also with the commercial units.
 From this, we expect to realize further synergies.
 And thirdly, we have so far already decommissioned two of our IT systems, and in 2022, we'll
 will carry out the major IT migration elements which will yield the largest cost savings
 and vastly improve operational efficiency.
 When we consolidated the Tell-It-To and Comhem brand,
 We created a new IT stack on which new FMC customers are put.
 Now the job is to migrate existing customers onto that IT stack as we currently operate
 the different brands on different IT stacks.
 all customers on one IT stack, we will vastly reduce the internal complexity, simplify the
 product portfolio and reduce the time the customer spend with customer service.
 This is of course not an easy job.
 we have already started migrating our first customers
 with successful results.
 However, in order to secure quality in all these complex projects and enable stable commercial
 momentum.
 We will extend the deadline from end of 2022 to end of Q2 2023.
 This is purely a matter of timing, in order to optimize our ways to deliver on our midterm ambitions.
 We're still confident that we will achieve the target of at least 1 billion sec in the
 analyzed run-right savings by the end of the period.
 At the same time, we are able to guide on mid-single-digit growth in underlying EBITDAAL,
 despite less contribution in 2002 from Scott's savings,
 which I will talk about on the next slide.
 demonstrating the long-term growth journey that we have embarked upon.
 This is about saving costs but it's also about building sustainable growth and we need to
 balance those two things. So moving to slide 18, I'm happy to announce that we can now
 guide for the full year in accordance with our midterm guidance.
 We expect low single digit growth in end user service revenue and mid single digit growth
 and underlying Evietal for 2022 compared to 21.
 We expect CAPEX, excluding spectrum and leases, to be in the higher end of our range of 2.8
 3.3 billion SEK driven by investment primarily in our mobile network as we ramp up the 5G
 rollout in Sweden and the Baltics, but also investment in the fixed network through remote
 For end user service we expect to continue the momentum that we had since Q221 by making
 all countries contribute to the growth as we leverage the continued performance in the
 Baltics and return to growth in Sweden.
 We expect Sweden B2B to continue the positive momentum that we have seen during the second
 half of 21. This does not mean that we will draw Sweden B2B every quarter during the year,
 but our aim is to make Sweden B2B a better country.
 is to stabilize and grow the business for the full year.
 In Sweden, consumer, we expect the momentum in mobile posts by the fixed broadband to
 persist through our more-for-more strategy.
 We also expect to see continued momentum in the Baltics to provide support for the entire group.
 The end-user service revenue growth will filter down to underlaggy betal, and we will continue to execute on the business transformation program.
 The program remains back and loaded in the year, and we expect to reach the majority
 of the remaining annual run rate in 2022.
 As I pointed out, during the first half of 2021,
 commercial activity and advertisement were significantly reduced during that part of
 year and we have now focused on bringing sustainable growth back in the second half.
 This leads to some investment in the market.
 This coupled with the phasing of the business transformation program will result in year
 on year underlying EBITAL trends to be more favorable from the summer of 2022, as we will
 continue to invest during the year.
 We today also reiterate our midterm guidance similar to our guidance for 22.
 In this guidance ...
 we aim for sustainable growth for the group with continued contribution for all countries,
 while the Business Transformation Program will continue to give tailwind to underlying
 Ibital up until the first half of 24. For CAPEX we expect to be in the high end of our
 guidance during the peak of the 5G rollout and will gradually reduce cap
 expanding as we complete the 5G rollout and improve the operational efficiency through
 the business transformation program.
 So then, please turn to the next slide for the key priorities going forward.
 In Sweden, we will continue to ramp up 5G investments in order to increase customer
 satisfaction, which will support our more and more strategy within the mobile business.
 Similarly, on the fixed side, we see the upgrade with remote fires and opportunity to increase
 capacity and speed in order to maintain reliable growth in our broadband business.
 We will continue executing on the business transformation program to deliver at least
 one billion seconds savings by the end of
 Q2 2023.
 In Sweden consumer we will continue to balance value and volume in order to build sustainable
 while gearing up our capabilities to address the 1.3 million non-FMC households.
 We will also continue to build our premium brand in order to increase customer satisfaction
 that we can monetize through reduced chart or price adjustments on the back of product
 improvement.
 As we will be to be, we will continue to turn around as we have started during the second
 half of the year by executing on our new granular approach with clearly defined segments.
 In the Baltics, we will continue to build on the performance that we've seen and execute
 on our mobile centric conversion strategy to more and more offers in order to make sure
 that we can sustain the growth.
 With the 5G auctions now concluded in Latvia, we will start to ramp up the 5G rollout while
 preparing for the auctions in Lithuania and Estonia. At the same time, we will continue
 to develop and explore FMCE capabilities.
 And lastly, we aim to close the T-Mobile Netherlands
 transactions soon, and which we intend to distribute all proceeds to our shareholders
 once the transaction is closed, and we have received the proceeds.
 32 is a gross company at heart, and we are witnessing positive results from our strategic
 initiatives, which demonstrates the viability of our way forward.
 I am confident in our ability to succeed and deliver on our 2022 and midterm guidance
 and excited to continue building sustainable growth.
 with that.
 I'd like to hand it over to the operator so we can do a Q&A.
 Thank you dear participants, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 And as you might have wished to ask a question, please press star and one on the top of the
 on P-PAD and my phone to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your quest, please the hashtag.
 And once again, please press star and one if you wish to ask a question.
 The first question comes from land of Andrew Lee from Goldman Sachs. Please ask your question.
 Yeah, good morning everyone. I just had a couple of questions and focusing on around
 the cost base of your business, because I guess that's where the courageous investor
 focuses today.
 So just firstly on the cost in the quarter and that you,
 Highlight will continue into the first half of 2022 in terms of sales and marketing costs.
 Is that purely fading or do you think there's a sign there that the cost to compete has
 gone up in the market.
 And then second question, just around your midterm cost cutting, which you have pushed
 back by six months, which one of your peers, KPN, did yesterday as well, just wanted to
 try and understand, has cost cutting or cost efficiencies become harder, or has your COVID
 to change the scope of that cost reduction.
 trying to understand a little bit more why the delay and the key reason for the question
 really there is we're trying to think about whether you can continue to create further
 efficiencies further out, you know, in the middle of 2023 and we're trying to understand
 and how much scope there is for long-term greater efficiencies in the company.
 Thank you.
 Let me start, and I would invite maybe one or two colleagues there.
 Let me take the second one first on the midterm cost cutting.
 If we were single-mindedly focused on cutting costs, we could have done the transformation
 program by the end of 2022, but what you see is in the second half of 2021 we're actually
 I was able to get back to meaningful growth in Sweden and I really would like for Stefan
 and Hendrik to not have too many freeze periods where they have to, where they are limited
 in their approach, and I'm quite confident that that brings more value, especially in
 in the medium term, getting the business back to growth rather than
 pass-forwarding this cost-cutting program.
 To deliver on this, we will definitely do it, there is no doubt about that, but from
 From a value perspective, I think the sequencing that we are putting now, where we are taking
 the loss of the big migrations in the first quarter of 2023 is a better one for our overall
 And we talk a lot about the sales and marketing cost, and of course this is just a sign of
 market becoming more normal again. So we have comparisons where they were very low level
 you saw we had a huge uptick in our EBITDA in the first part of 21 and then of
 And of course, since we are very, very transparent in the way we go to market and operate with
 to you.
 I could have made a bridge to you easily.
 that would take us back to the consensus of 3.7
 by pointing out individual elements related to an IFRS adjustment we've done, the electricity
 cost in the Baltics and from exchange losses and we'll be back at what the
 consensus was. But this is how we are. We are maybe a little bit too brutally honest
 with ourselves.
 So let's not overdo the sales and marketing.
 I don't know, Henrik, do you want to add a few comments to that?
 uh... yes uh...
 show please do hey Andrew hi and thanks for the question so on the sales and
 marketing because the shell was saying we of course you know need to look at
 where we are in the fourth quarter against early in the year also from a
 you know, return to normality point of view and that of course brings you in general to
 a little bit of a normalized level also on your marketing and sales cost.
 And then within that the fourth quarter is typically a very high trading season.
 We do a lot of the promotions, a lot of the handsets and device sales, and actually we
 have done
 done, we've performed quite nicely in the quarter, I would say particularly on the mobile
 post paid side and then on your question how will that translate into
 into next year
 I would say, you know, as long as we get out of, let's say, back to normality and out
 of COVID, you will see, of course, a normalized run rate again, but within that, the fourth
 quarter is a higher cost quarter and I also would like to point out that a lot of that
 That commercial cost is driven by acquisition costs and not as much as marketing costs with
 saw in some of the commentaries because we've of course also been able to get some, you
 you know, transformation savings onto our marketing spend by moving to one brand.
 So there's a lot more related cost to volumes.
 Okay, thanks very much. Can I just follow up on the longer term, so what you're seeing
 in the company at the moment, does that give you confidence that there's further ear coughs
 or efficiencies to go after post the midterm plan or do we then rely on operational gearing
 to drive the growth forward.
 Yeah, that's also why we are reiterating our midterm guidance and there are I think we can say that there are cost savings
 their cash savings.
 The Swedish model has also quite a lot of capitalised expenses for consultants, that's a bit unique
 to Sweden.
 At the end of the day, I do see a scope for improvements beyond the program that we have
 now defined in terms of reduction of cash spending in the company.
 Hello
 Excuse me, Andrew, have you finished with your questions?
 You might have dropped up the story about that. We're having some problems with the with the webcast everyone
 Well, let's go to Ulrich, then.
 I think we can go to the next question operator.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from the land of Ulrich Raze from Jaffis.
 Please ask a question.
 Thank you. I have two questions for you. The first one is a bit of a follow-up on the
 the other one.
 Just to clarify, when you talk about the phasing of commercial events with regard to the BTS
 sort of change. Is that the customer migrations or is it other commercial events that you're
 referring to and also, is this informed, this plan informed by anything you see in the market,
 actions by competitors or competitive levels overall in the market, or is it simply going
 back to the drawing board, you know, putting together all the other plans instead of deciding
 with this is better to sort of shift it out by six months.
 is it more internal or external?
 That's the first question.
 And then the second question is, you mentioned
 during your prepared remarks
 that there was sort of a bit of a wave of contract expirations in the first
 in the fourth quarter due to, you know, I suppose high sales in prior fourth quarters
 and then these contracts have expired and created higher chance.
 What's this?
 How do you see that?
 I mean, generally, you would hope not to see high turnover and contract expires.
 It was sort of a normal rate and just a higher underlying
 contact expiry, or was there a reason why more people
 percentage-wise of these expiring contracts decided to leave, tell it to, or ask for,
 for better terms.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 I will do the first one and Henrik will do the second one.
 So you're basically asking me, why do we shift to six months?
 I actually see that as a signal of strength in the business.
 If we were not succeeding in the go-to market,
 then we would redouble the efforts of cost
 to try to compensate.
 The thing here is that I see that both Stefan and now Henrik has the opportunity to build
 sustainable growth and then it's easier to let them have a little bit of
 maneuvering space in the go-to market. So it's a decision that we have made internally
 based on how we think we can get the most value
 out of the approach.
 So if we see the opportunity, like we do now,
 to have sustainable growth it makes sense
 to give them a little bit more space and have
 and don't be bogged down by too many freeze periods.
 Overall, I think this is good news.
 All right, just thanks for your questions.
 So first we'll just do to confirm a couple of things.
 First of all, from a commercial point of view,
 the consumer market, we're really executing on a value strategy, right, so we're trying
 to, you know, to drive value into the market and of course with that also increase your
 overall value in the market for the industry.
 And with that, we're in a regular cycle
 that is recovering coming out of COVID
 with typically the fourth quarter
 being a very high trading season with, you know, some, you know,
 additional commercial spend just from the quarter itself.
 If we look into, take this forward,
 And then what you can expect is that we, you know, in 22 will be able as we recover from
 COVID, although we still have some weakness in, you know, the end of January and in January
 as we speak, we will be able to get to a better sustainable commercial rate, but not at the
 level of Q4 and not the high level of Q4 because that's a seasonality and not at
 At the low levels we've seen earlier in 21, but we were very much focused on EBITDA in
 in the midst of COVID.
 Then in terms of what happens with the customer base, we've seen that, you know, and I think
 you're
 your question particularly pertains to broadband and our, you know, net intake of, of 1K versus
 versus a normal rate of, you know, a mid-single-digit rate.
 And I think we've sort of been guiding that what happens in this quarter in particular
 around broadband is, you know, that we had a pretty decent sales rate, although we've
 had some impact you know from covid on some of the channels that has sort of
 given a little bit of softening, but in particular we've seen for this quarter that we've had
 campaigns that we've had over the last two years, a 24-month campaign and a 12-month
 campaign that have both rolled out and so ended in this quarter and typically if
 we roll off a campaign this always comes with a level of churn so because we've
 We've had now two sort of these campaigns all happening in this quarter.
 you've seen some additional take up on churn
 and that's sort of key driver for the rate.
 And that is not a continued trending.
 that is very much, you know, a particular event in the fourth quarter, and I would say underlying
 our broadband, you know, traction is still around sort of that mid-single-digit rate.
 And then lastly, what we typically do in terms of migrations as we execute on more for more
 pricing strategies, we continuously move and upgrade customers to, of course, our new front
 book and of course also to, you know, our new product sets that we have.
 and if you mean migration in that sense,
 that's what we continue to do as part of more and more.
 That's very helpful.
 Just to clarify the very first question that I asked,
 These commercial events that you specifically talk about in the report as the phasing of
 that informing the delay to the BTS.
 What exactly are these commercial events?
 Is it the migration waves?
 What is that? What it is? What is it?
 Ah, yes. Okay. So, yeah, we probably could be more clear in our language.
 So it's basically what I'm trying to say is that,
 let me take a historic perspective on this.
 My predecessor made a decision, which I think was right at the time, to focus on EBITDA
 costs because of the uncertainties around COVID. Now we are at the end of this thing and we have
 seen that we've been able to get meaningful growth back into all main lines of our business.
 Then it makes sense for me and the management team to focus on getting that growth going
 And the commercial event that I'm in that is that, for example, Henrik is planning a
 campaign in an important period of the year. We don't want him to be too restricted by
 constant freeze periods, so by sequencing the B2P program so that it fits well with our
 go to market we are able to do both of these things and that builds the most
 the most value for the business.
 Perfect 10. Thank you very much. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Andres Jolson from Danzke Bank.
 Please ask a question.
 Yes.
 Great.
 Well, a question on leverage. You have been at the lower end of the leverage for quite
 a few quarters now as the slide showed.
 Is there anything that would change that view or if I'm being a little bit blunt what is
 preventing the board from moving you to the mid of the range that you expressed.
 Thank you
 Yeah, I can start if you can take over too well.
 we have had a very positive 2021 from a cash flow perspective and a couple of things have
 have come our way, that has been really helpful. We expected it and it has happened. So, you
 We see a very high cash flow generation in the business and we do remain committed to
 the policy, we will be reviewing this. Last year we paid an extraordinary, I mean, we
 I'm going to announce the second quarter, of course, I cannot say anything about what
 We're going to do this here, but the board is very committed to our policy.
 So if we see that we will be, over time, trending significantly lower than what we have said,
 then that will be reviewed for sure.
 This, we have no desire as a management or as a board to hold back any insignificant
 amount compared to what you expect and of course one thing we are doing now is that we are
 handing out when the deal closes and lands the entire amount, despite the fact that, you
 you know, from a ratings perspective, some of that revenue would have been calculated
 by S&P as future contributions.
 So that's a signal of strength from our side.
 but yes, we remain committed to the policy
 and we will be monitoring that.
 Very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Peter Nielsen from ABG, please ask your question.
 Thanks very much. Morning guys. Just a question related to again to the transformation program,
 the internal side, if you've spoken about the market side, please, on the IT migration
 transformation, etc.
 Is this running according to plan, or are you seeing some issues here that sort of moves
 this also slightly into the next year. That was my first question, and just second one.
 We are seeing a slight weakening of trends in the TV business.
 Could you give us any indication or a qualitative comment on how do you view the TB business
 moving into this year.
 Thank you very much.
 Let me do the first and then the second one I will hand over to so on the
 migrations. We have actually started that process, so one of our main brands is
 is moving to the new platform.
 And we haven't had any unexpected things there.
 Actually, it's been relatively smooth, I would say.
 these things are never super easy but uh... there hasn't been any kind of
 red or even orange flags coming up there.
 So again, our reasoning for the choice we've made is exactly what you see is what you
 get, this is our thinking. We really want to make sure that we extract the most
 value from the market in this process.
 So, we are very confident about the Business Transformation Plan, both the number and of
 course now the timeline that we have set. And I think it's definitely the right thing
 to do in terms of a value creation perspective.
 Yeah.
 Hey Peter, on the TV or in entertainment business, just to give you sort of something
 inside there. In last year's capital market today, I think it was very clearly launched
 and stated that, you know, our aim is to stabilize and modernize our entertainment
 business to also contribute to driving value for the overall consumer business.
 And that's basically still our aim, so we, you know, our aim is to stabilize this business
 and to make the necessary adjustments so that we can really move into streaming and get
 more solid fundamentals in the DTV business.
 what you see if you look at uh... you know the numbers on the line you see
 at least at the revenue level that our, you know, cable and fiber entertainment businesses
 it is sort of starting to stabilize,
 Because we still have some, you know, decline on the, let's say, the legacy DTT side.
 And that is in part coming through from the uptake we're seeing on our streaming business
 which sits in the, you know, cable and fiber numbers.
 And again, we're still early on because since we've now just rebranded Common Play Plus
 Thank you very much.
 to play. We're seeing some good growth momentum and that's also where we're now launching
 you know linear streaming into the portfolio. This is a again a first step into a you know
 continued modernization journey for entertainment business that again in the end should be able
 to stabilize the total TV line over time.
 Okay, thank you very much both.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from a line of Stefan Galvin from DNB, please ask your question.
 Yes, hello. I have a question on mobile art, though.
 There was a slightly weaker growth momentum on the orthoside for both the consumer and
 the business mobile this quarter compared to Q3 and just wonder if that is a result of
 and campaigning or if it's increased mobile competition or due to facing or price increases
 Just help me understand sort of the development on mobile ARPU.
 Okay, step up and start, and then, Henry?
 Yeah.
 Hi, Stefan.
 And thanks for the question and on B2B then if you look at comparison versus last year
 It's true that we have a decline.
 But if you look on the long trend,
 we are decreasing that revenue or as per the client that we've seen in the B2B segment.
 So, looking at the efforts that we're doing, keeping more disciplines around our pricing
 guidelines, focusing on value, and making sure that we take a responsible stance in
 the market and we're challenging ourselves all the time to make sure that we get the
 the right price from our B2B customers.
 We can see that it's actually resulting in improvements if you compare to the Q3 and
 Q4 ASPU. It's a flat development. And also if you look at the full year ASPU, we're on
 the same level as we were in both Q3 and Q4. I would say the strategy is yielding results
 And, of course, bringing in more SME customers with a higher ad spud than the key in the
 public sector. It works in the right direction for us in B2B. I hope that answers the question
 and then I'll hand over to Henrik.
 Thank you, Stefan.
 Yeah, step on it, step on it, actually.
 So I will focus on the consumer side on the post-paid as we step on and basically what
 you see from Q3 to Q4 is typically, you know, that in Q3, also this year, actually, still
 sort of in that lighter touch on COVID, we did have some good roaming revenues, as you may
 may remember from our Q3 report.
 So that typically drives a higher, you know, aspect in the quarter, which then, of course,
 you know, coming out of the holiday season has an effect on the, on the, you know, aspect
 fourth quarter, and that I think is the main explanation. If you look at the underlying
 Aspo in the quarter first last year we've been growing but by two percent and
 actually also the first full year, you know, strengthening the ASPOO development.
 And whilst you may think, well, from a campaigning, there may be a little bit of a campaign,
 you know software ASPU coming into the mix that of course to an extent is true
 but it doesn't have any effect on the overall, you know, customer-based as per such.
 So I would say it's mainly an effect from, you know, a strong Q3 driven by typically,
 You know, roaming.
 And first last year we see a 2% growth in the quarter.
 Okay, thank you.
 So, good explanations from both of you.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Francesca Schild from BNP Pariba, Exxain.
 Please ask a question.
 Thank you, and can I have one question, please, on waged inflation pressures?
 So, how do you think of wage inflation risk in Sweden and could you please remind us of
 the process for increase, wage increase negotiations this year, when they'll take place and what
 you are projecting for the increase. Thank you.
 Well, the wage inflation in Sweden is pretty much determined by the central negotiations.
 So, I don't see anything dramatic coming out of that.
 those numbers are usually quite responsible.
 uh... we do see a bit more rate inflation in in
 the bolt picks.
 That kind of goes with the overall growth that we see in the business and the economy.
 and so there is more inflationary pressure in the Baltics than in Sweden.
 in.
 Are they good?
 about that.
 The business in Baltic is also pretty good at pricing their services, so I think the
 industry
 in Europe has struggled with focusing on this inflation adjustment of pricing.
 pricing, and you see what BT is doing in the UK as maybe one way of doing it, we think
 I think our Baltic colleagues have been overall quite good at it.
 I think probably we could be even better at this in the Swedish market, but to be specific
 on your question.
 Sweden.
 pressures seem to be kind of under control because they are centrally managed most of
 And the Baltics is also under control, but will have a higher level.
 Thank you.
 So do you think that in Sweden it will be similar to the increase this year to last
 and have negotiations taken place?
 I think we can expect overall those agreements to end up in the area of two, maybe two and
 in the off-percent.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the land of Pontus,
 which may step from SCB.
 Please ask a question.
 Hi there.
 Thank you for taking the questions.
 On the marketplace, I focus on Sweden, and in regards to everything spoken about before
 the positioning in networks, and your 5G position, and the JV with tele-noir.
 Can you describe to us just very top-down how important that is going forward in terms
 of having a good position in 5G.
 And, uh,
 and the perception in the market of fast and strong networks
 and investments in those.
 and are you in line with Telinor in that space?
 I should really thank you for that question because this is something I love to talk about.
 We have a quite unique position in European telecoms with our networked cooperation with
 So we run some part of Sweden on our own network, but most of it through net formability.
 And that gives a great advantage because we have a scale advantage and we have also very
 good spectrum, a very good spectrum position. So when the whole 2G, 3G, 4G market consolidates
 into one 5G market.
 That is actually a net positive for us at TELA2.
 because the combination of net formability on our home networks will mean that in terms
 in terms of base stations and spectrum, we will have the strongest position in the market.
 Because right now we're operating with network corporations, with Sunab, with Telio, we have
 And that's mobility.
 We have our own.
 Now we consolidate all of this into one, with one network planning.
 We will have the biggest reach and we will have a great spectrum portfolio, so we can't
 wait to get through this, because it will, if anything, strengthen our position towards
 both B2B and B2C consumers in the Swedish market.
 All right.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 becoming more important towards the consumer you feel or is it because in the beginning
 You know, people weren't just aware, but now if you look at the efficiencies, it's more
 of a divider in the marketplace.
 Yeah, I think we have a good 4G network now, but the good news is that when we're moving
 over to the next technology and we can re-plan the network, we will be able to have better
 reach with fewer base stations because we're not sharing in multiple relationships here.
 So that whole planning has a significant efficiency in it.
 Actually, I think the yoghurs described that very well at our capital markets day.
 So there is a clip out there that describes how that journey goes.
 So it's something that we are really looking forward to.
 And maybe to add to that, Pontus, I think if I look at the, you know, typical consumer
 behavior and uptake on, for example, new phones and handsets, you see quite a lot of the phones
 that we've been shipping also in the fourth quarter are 5G ready and that's sort of making
 its way into the market quite quickly, so there's a natural uptake by the market.
 Okay, thank you
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the land of Adam Fox-Ramley from HSBC.
 Please ask a question.
 Thank you very much.
 Hello everyone.
 I wanted to ask a kind of a slightly general question about the way you're thinking of
 on phasing of custom graphs.
 And from my perspective, today's results show the machine is kind of working, you can turn
 on when you choose that allows you to dip in and out of the market to optimize your
 return on spend, but are you saying from today that you prefer kind of maintaining business
 momentum so it's slightly it's better to have a slightly smoother approach to to
 customer growth through the course of the year, or is it really just that you're kind of
 correcting for what was a very unusual first half last year.
 And then I wanted to start following up
 on that previous question, whether you're on a question
 capex. You've begun the big ramp-up in spend. I wanted you to just say a few words about
 about how that's going, whether you're seeing any issues
 or any areas where you are ahead of plans, that kind of thing.
 Okay, so looking at our positioning in the market, I'm very happy to see that we have
 have a much higher accuracy now than we had when I joined, and that is because a lot of
 people have worked hard on getting their data right.
 One of the reasons why staff are the successors is that they are not the successors.
 successful in B2B is that they do much better analysis now, they used to be very, B2B used
 to be very volume driven, go back in time.
 now they are much more accurate about the customer needs they have a much more
 interesting and relevant discussion with our big, large customers and solutions customers
 and that is how they can provide value to these customer relationships.
 One of the things we want to get out of our business transformation program, beyond saving
 cost is that Hendrik in cooperation with Joggers will work much more with big data, be much
 more accurate in our go-to markets, till it too has a history of being a very successful
 challenger and that was great in the growing market and where you didn't have such a huge
 long tail. Now we are a converged FMC player who need to be much more accurate and that
 That level of accuracy has increased a lot, and what Henry brings to the business here,
 It brings many things, but one of the things it brings is a deep understanding, not only
 of mobile markets, and not only of broadband markets, but also the TV side of the business.
 So the whole picture comes together.
 And for us to be more surgical in our approach between value and volume, we need more and
 bigger data and that's what we're getting into place.
 That is one of the key things that is happening.
 And on the rollout, the 5G, it's moving ahead.
 we actually were able to do a little bit more towards the end of the year
 than we expected.
 So that momentum has really picked up.
 So we think a lot is going to be built out in 2022.
 And the-
 The main momentum will be done and finished by 23 with of course some buildouts in 24.
 The guidance for our cupcakes, you have it, will be at the upper end, clearly, but we have
 transparency on that. We have visibility on that. It's looking pretty good.
 That's very helpful, thank you.
 If I could just follow up on that first question.
 So in terms of the staff requirement to become better and more capable with big data, it's
 telling you...
 you've seen as a place where that is a great career option to be able to have that opportunity.
 I'll start and then if you guys want to chip in please.
 One of the things that I did after coming here was to move the big data resources out from being
 more of a staff function to being directly in the line of business.
 We have people here who are truly capable and they are actually quite motivated now
 because they are much closer to where it happens. They are much closer to the business.
 So, they have really quite a lot of energy in putting into their work, and it seems like
 they're coming up with with a big value at and do you want to add something guys
 Well, from a B2B perspective, I would say that in the past in Tele2, we have underinvested
 in the business intelligence side.
 That is something that we are changing and which we started already next year with the
 program in becoming more data driven and to shelf point in different manners of running
 in the business. We will continue to do that also this year. And I think the cooperation
 that we have with the unit within our technical organization
 with the skill set that they bring in cooperation
 between the commercial and technical part,
 that will yield better control,
 better performance and execution going forward in all aspects and not just commercial I would
 but also from a customer experience perspective and a production perspective.
 So really, really looking forward to that.
 Thank you very much.
 Well maybe Adam just added, you know, from a consumer point of view, I think, you know,
 customer value management, you'll probably pick it up also other operators, it's really
 a way to go as you go into a converged strategy, you know, that's where we have to have, you
 a lot of opportunity and mileage to go and as you know a show was alluded to earlier the IT
 transformation is quite essential to get that done so that we can really not just have the
 data but also act on it through, you know, how we build propositions, how we, you know,
 get the intelligence to the channels and etc. So we're in full motion of that and there's
 clearly a lot of potential still to be to come out of this as we go through 2022.
 Great. Thank you.
 Thank you. And the last question comes online of Abilash Mohapatra from Bermbeg Bank. Please ask the question.
 Yes, good morning, and thank you for taking my question.
 I just wanted to come back to the comments
 on driving improved top-line growth in Sweden,
 please in context of the guidance.
 In 2021, obviously, you know, group service,
 having equal to one percent, but all of that was driven by the Baltics with Sweden declining
 half a percent and Q4 actually softening a bit. So just to confirm within the 2022 guide
 What are you assuming for Sweden, please?
 It looks like consensus has around 1% growth for Sweden in both consumer and business.
 Is that something that you're comfortable with?
 Thank you.
 I can start, first of all, I think it's very important to see the trends over time here,
 So, going from a quite significant negative trend in B2B to being a stable business was
 what they said we would do, and we've done it.
 So, and then, of course, we want to take it from there.
 Stefan and I and others will work hard to deliver meaningful growth there also.
 And then, of course, we've seen volumes picking up a bit in the consumer.
 So our ambition is that all the main lines of the business, meaning the Baltics,
 B2C Sweden, B2B Sweden should be delivering to the overall growth momentum of the company.
 And then, of course, it will vary over time
 where the biggest contribution comes from, clearly in the short term it will be the Baltics.
 Anything you want to add, though?
 No, I think you've put it well.
 I mean during the year we set the strategy for B2B with specific cornerstones that we
 We share with you at the Capital Market Day.
 We are delivering on that strategy to the full extent and that's our focus and also to be
 consistent in regards to strategy and these correlators with segmentation being
 a digitalization partner, operationally excellent, et cetera.
 And we set the ambition to make a major trend shift during 2021, which Shell just mentioned.
 I mean we have we have delivered on that and then we are on the path of having the ambition
 to be stable stabilizing the revenue growth that you saw in the last quarter.
 and hopefully that answers the ambition that we have
 and going from minus seven in 2020 to that level that we see now with two
 for the next video.
 Thank you.
 with positive growth. We're proud of that delivery, but we're not satisfied. We will
 push forward going into the future.
 Okay, then we have Nick, Gaur, we are...
 And the last question comes from land of Nick Lyle from so again, please ask your question.
 All right, thanks very much. Thanks for squeezing me in there.
 And there was a quick question, please, Chail, just two things.
 I was looking at the in-lite survey, the sort of end of 2021 in-lite survey.
 Well, could you just explain why that is or is not a true reflection of this sort of network
 quality and she would be concerned about your ability to close the gap on Telia's mobile
 prices because of that.
 And secondly, I apologize if I missed something, but I could have got cut off a couple of times
 it. I'll take your point about the broadband campaigns annualising, but if you were able
 to remove that, would we see in the numbers you making some headway by taking share from
 because of their rises in broadband prices.
 Could you just explain the sort of background to the market on the fixed side and the broadband
 side in particular and what sort of shoe you might be taking ex those end of
 campaigns please
 So I'll do one and maybe Henrik does two?
 So, what you are highlighting is an opportunity for Teletubbies.
 We have a very good network today, and then of course there will always be a survey that
 been to survey so long as I've been in this industry. But what I tried to say on the previous
 question is that the going into this setting of the 5G networks when we can
 and have a one network under our own control
 and not have multiple cooperations,
 The co-operational net probability has tested over time, it works really well.
 We are in a good relationship with our partner there, with Telenor.
 So 5G brings an opportunity for us to capitalize on that gap that you are pointing out because
 Clearly, we moving forward with Tele2 becoming a converged player, a quality player, gives
 of the chance to lift Oscars over time.
 So, when we come out end of 23 and early 24 with great coverage and great spectrum, the
 very strong 5G proposition, that gives us an opportunity to equalize some of that gap
 that you are pointing out. So it's a good opportunity for us.
 and make it will be an opportunity to carry on that growth momentum, I think also through
 more and more on the mobile as well, for us, you know, as such, and then on the fixed
 I just briefly comment on that, you know, underlying, I think we have still a good
 trend, of course, you know, you need to look at the total market, of course, where we've
 forgotten, if you look traditionally, first where we are now, of course, you know, we
 do
 have a mature and quite penetrated market.
 However, the campaign momentum that I was alluding to is that, of course, you need
 campaigns to an extent to drive, you know, your net ads on the one hand, but on the
 You know, but in this quarter in particular, we've seen, you know, just the two of these
 sort of quite successful campaigns, you know, coming out, rolling out, and that has been
 that is specific effect so yes you need campaigns to drive it of course these
 need to be well, well sort of, you know, planned and scheduled that you don't have these sort
 of effects that we've seen in this quarter in particular, which we're doing as we go
 forward and as we also execute on, you know, the FMC strategy and we will be able to as
 As we have been alluding to get more out of the customer base and customer value focus,
 We will also be able to address some of the churn levels and see some churn reduction.
 So a continuation on, you know, driving sort of campaigns, that's sort of a well-planned
 in combination with really driving the FMC momentum throughout 2022
 I think will give us a good underpinning for a broadband business going forward.
 screen.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much for all your questions today.
 I would like to hand the conference over to your speaker,
 Shell Jensen for the closing remarks.
 Yeah, thank you very much everyone for joining us this morning to go through the full year
 of 21 and our outlook for 22.
 I'm very happy that we could close the year on a relatively high note, with basically
 and living up to the guidance increase
 that we gave you in July of last year.
 and that we are now sitting with a guidance
 that is higher than we had 12 months ago.
 We have increased our dividend by 12.5% and we are recommitted to, of course, as we always
 talk to the dividend policy and the capital allocation.
 So things are looking good.
 We're gonna deliver on our transformation program
 And we're going to make sure that that does not interfere
 with our ability to drive growth momentum
 also in the Swedish market.
 So we're making these judgment calls,
 and I'm pretty positive about the outlook.
 So thanks for joining us today.
 That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating. You made all disconnects. Have a nice day.
 Thank you for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.