 Good day, and thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to the Tele2 4th Quarter Interim Report 2021 Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's presentation, there will be the question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star and one on your telephone keypad.
 Please be advised that today's conference has been recorded.
 If you require any further assistance over the phone, please press star 0.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to our speaker today,
 Shell Yonsen, CEO. Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you operator and good morning everyone. Thank you for bearing with us
 We seem to have a little bit of technical issues with the operator system, but here we are.
 um so welcome to the tele2 report call for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2021
 today I'm very happy that in front of me
 I have Charlotte Hansson, our new group CFO, sitting here in Chista.
 and of course with me here
 Henry de Groot, our Chief Commercial Officer
 and Stefan Trump is our head of
 B2B.
 So today, we will walk you through the results of the quarter and the full year, the progress
 that we made in 2021
 and the outlook for 2022 and beyond.
 and we'll do a Q&A at the end of it.
 2021 was yet another year with impressive results for the group, and I would like to start by highlighting the achievements and strategic initiatives that we've taken.
 So moving to slide two.
 So despite a challenging year with headwinds stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, we were
 able to lift and deliver on our guidance for 2021 by growing end-user service revenue by 1%
 and underlying EBITDA by 5%.
 This was done by continued strong performance in the Baltics, as we were able to achieve both ASPU and volume growth, while manoeuvring through an unpredictable pandemic.
 in student B2B
 we were able to reach stabilisation in Q3
 and we see yet another strong quarter today.
 In Sweden Consumer, we continued our more-for-more strategy
 and saw strong performance within mobile post-paid and fixed broadband,
 while we were able to mitigate the decline in digital TV.
 At the same time, we executed on our business transformation program,
 which ended the year with an annual run rate of 500 million sec in line with our target.
 During the year, we took a major step in our FMC strategy
 by creating the new premium Tele2 brand
 through the consolidation of two of the most iconic brands in Sweden.
 And with that, we concluded the first phase of our FMC strategy.
 strategy.
 I'm very happy to see the results in Sweden B2B
 that Stefan and his team has delivered during the year.
 When we presented a new B2B strategy on Capital Markets Day, I was optimistic and excited.
 but it pleases me to now say that
 they have over-delivered on my expectations for the second half of the year in 2021.
 month this improvement is not merely done through our new sme mobile portfolio but we see improvement
 across all segments
 as we are now able to show
 the second consecutive quarter of growth
 for a business that was declining by high single digits a year ago.
 In September, we announced the sale of our stake in T-Mobile Netherlands, which was the
 last step in consolidating our
 International Footprints.
 I'm very impressed by the results the team has shown there during the last years
 and the value that they have created.
 and we were able to achieve a very good valuation for the company.
 We expect the transaction to be completed soon
 and once it is done
 we intend to distribute all
 of the proceeds to our shareholders.
 Tele2 is a strong cash-generative company, and as I said during the Capital Markets Day,
 one of our mid-term targets is to have the best industry shareholder return.
 With the equity-free cash flow that we have generated this year, or rather last year,
 The board intends to increase the ordinary dividend by 12.5% to 6 kronor, 75 euro, per share.
 This puts us comfortably within our leverage range and as we generate more cash and grow our underlying EBITDA
 throughout the year, you should expect us to relever the balance sheet to remain around
 the midpoint over time.
 and distribute that cash to our shareholders.
 and with that
 please move to slide three.
 We started 2021 by witnessing negative impacts on the pandemic, with the primary headwind
 being lower international roaming revenue.
 However, during the year, we've seen roaming gradually returning, and we are now experiencing
 a tailwind, albeit at a lower level than before the pandemic.
 At the same time,
 we've been able to build a solid foundation for growth throughout the year,
 which we have seen tangible results for since Q2 2021.
 do all.
 In this
 quarter we see a continuation of this
 and we were able to grow end-user service revenue
 by 2%, both including
 and excluding roaming, adding up to a 1% growth for the whole of 2021.
 In Q4, we decided to take our foot of the gas a bit in terms of commercial spending
 Since I became CEO of this company, you have heard me talk about the importance of balancing
 value and volume in the consumer business in order to achieve sustainable growth in
 the long term. During the first half of 2021, we focused on monetizing the
 increased demand for data by our customers
 by executing on our more-for-more strategy.
 In the second half, as societies opened and market activity picked up,
 with shifted focus
 to invest more in the market.
 As Q4 normally is a quarter driven by high activity through campaigns, we decided to
 take a more active part in the market compared to the year before.
 This hamperts some of the underlying EBITDA growth in the quarter, but creates value for
 long term as we balance the value
 and volume in our customer base this coupled with FX headwinds in Sweden and
 and increased inflation particularly
 in the Baltics, resulted in an underlying EBITDA growth of 1.3% in the quarter.
 since this was in line with our plans
 and clearly communicated
 we are able to land
 spot on without our guidance for the year
 as underlying EBITDA grew by 5%.
 As a result, we saw strong cash generation during 2021, with equity-free cash flow growing
 double digits to 5.8
 billion for the year.
 In Sweden consumer, we see continued strong performance in broadband and mobile postbate.
 end-user mobile postcard, end-user service revenue on the back of our more-for-more strategy.
 With investments in the market, we were able to see strong net intake in mobile phosphate, resulting in the customer base growing year over year.
 The renamed Tele2Play Plus continues to show solid performance and we also launched our first SLIN offer now in January, further future-proofing our role as a player both in linear and OTT universe within the TV business.
 Sweden B2B saw the second consecutive quarter
 of growth driven by mobile volume
 growth. Solutions and slight tailwind
 enrolling.
 The mobile volumbre...
 Volume growth is driven by all segments.
 Activity within the solution space continues to peak up despite some challenges in the supply chain.
 The Baltics continue to perform well, driven by both volume and asper growth in Lithuania and Latvia, resulting in strong end-user service revenue development.
 During the quarter, we saw some elevated costs driven by increased commercial spending
 in order to sustain the growth
 but also through higher inflation rates
 primarily impacting energy costs
 on the
 on a positive note
 in latvia we were able to secure spectrum in the 700 megahertz auction and at fair prices
 which now enables us to start a full rollout of 5G within the country.
 So let's move over to Sweden Consumer on slide five.
 During the quarter, we saw strong mobile postpaid net intake, and as a result, we were able
 to grow the customer base compared to last year.
 Post-paid output increased by 2%, driven by price adjustments made previously in the year, and slight tailwind from roaming.
 Price adjustments made earlier in the year continued to impact the fixed broadband AFPU, which grew by 1%.
 We saw a stronger quarter in terms of new sales within fixed broadband.
 However, this was offset by higher churn in the base as an effect of historically high sales periods in which customers are now rolling off, resulting in somewhat lower net intake.
 In digital TV, cable, and fiber, we see continued contribution from the Tele2Play Plus, which helped us to grow by 3% in the quarter.
 we continue to see a negative intake, which hampers end-user service revenue growth.
 Moving on.
 on slide 6
 As-to-end volume growth in mobile postpaid led to an end-usage service revenue growth of 2% for mobile postpaid and 1% for total mobile.
 We see continued end-user service revenue growth in fixed broadband of 3%, driven by
 both ASPU and Volume Growth.
 Total end-user service revenue for digital TV declined by 4% in the quarter,
 primarily driven by continued decline in the legacy DTT TV service due to a declining customer base.
 And moving on to B2B, next page.
 Mobile net intake continued to be strong in the quarter, driven by new contracts, both within SME and large segments.
 The mobile after declined in the quarter by 4%,
 but we clearly see improvements from the levels
 witnessed at the end of last year continued mobile volume growth and strong growth in the solutions
 business was able to fully
 offset the decline in the legacy fixed business
 resulting in Sweden B2B
 drawing end-user service revenue
 for the second consecutive quarter with 1%.
 Now, let's turn to page 8 for a Sweden overview.
 End-user service revenue was flat in Sweden, as growth in Sweden B2B was offset by a continued decline in the legacy services within Sweden's consumer.
 Underlying EBITDA was flat compared to Q4 2020, as the contribution from the Business Transformation Program was offset by FX headwinds and increased commercial spending in a quarter within Sweden Consumer.
 We continue to see strong cash conversion of 64%,
 but at slightly lower levels compared to previous quarters
 as we ramp up networks investments
 related to the 5G rollout.
 Then moving to Baltics, page 10.
 in the Baltics
 we continue to see strong volume
 and astral growth in Lithuania and Latvia
 as we are able to monetize data
 through our more-for-more strategy.
 And a slight tailwind from roaming
 In Estonia, we also see strong Asper growth driven by price adjustments, while volume
 growth was hampered by promotional activity from competitors, leading to elevated churn
 in the quarter.
 moving on
 Naturally, this as to when volume growth resulted in strong end-user service revenue in a quarter,
 And we saw growth of 14% for the Baltics
 Underlying EBITDA grew by 7% in a quarter as the strong end-user service revenue growth was partly offset by slight pressure from rising inflation rates, primarily impacting energy costs and higher commercial spend in Lithuania and Estonia.
 And I would add also an adjustment in our – an accounting adjustment related to handsets.
 But with that, I'd like to hand over to Charlotte, who will take us through the financial
 loan.
 you.
 So welcome, Charlotte, and I hand it over to you.
 Thank you, Shell, and good morning, everyone.
 Before we dig into the group financials, I'd like to give a quick take on my first impressions of Teller 2.
 During my first week here, I can see that in the last couple of years, Tele2 has built
 a solid foundation to become a leading telco in the Nordic and the Baltic region.
 This includes investing in developing an organization that can create sustainable growth, best industry
 shareholder return and lead in sustainability.
 The group leadership team that I've joined includes several individuals with the long
 expertise of the telco industry both domestic and international and after
 working in several different companies outside
 of the telco industry, I believe I can
 contribute with an outside perspective in order to improve and excel the already
 fantastic results that we have seen and which we will continue to achieve
 going forward.
 It's our job now to show that we can deliver on our midterm ambitions and illustrate that
 we are a growing company.
 Please turn to page 13 in the presentation.
 As in previous quarter, we have created this slide to show the revenue breakdown of our
 segments, excluding roaming.
 illustrate that we are a company
 that is growing despite the tailwind
 from roaming.
 Like Shelf said, consumer postpaid continues to perform well as price adjustments made previously during the year and volume growth contributes to the end-user service revenue growth.
 Total Sweden consumer end-user service revenue declined by 0.6% in the quarter, excluding roaming, as growth in mobile postpaid and fixed broadband was offset by decline in legacy services.
 In Sweden B2B, we see continued strong momentum in mobile and solutions, offset by decline in fixed legacy services, and total end-user service revenue remains stable, despite roaming being excluded.
 In the Baltics, the strong performance continues, resulting in 13% growth, primarily driven
 by higher ASPO and volume growth in Lithuania and Latvia.
 For the group, this led to an end-user service revenue growth of 2.3% in the quarter, excluding roaming.
 we now see that
 roaming revenue is starting to come back
 in a material way as outbound roaming increased
 by 25 million sec in the quarter compared to Q4 2020.
 However, this is still not close to the roaming levels that we saw prior to the pandemic.
 Please turn to slide 14 for the group results.
 Underlying EBITDA grew by 1% organically in the quarter, driven by end-user service revenue
 growth and contribution from the Business Transformation Program.
 However, this was partly offset by higher commercial spending, primarily in Sweden, but also in Lithuania and Estonia.
 and FX headwinds in Sweden.
 We also see high inflation rates impacting the costs, primarily through higher energy costs.
 Items affecting comparability of minus 117 million in the quarter, primarily stemming
 from restructuring costs taken in the quarter, which relates to the continued execution of
 the business transformation program in Sweden.
 the decrease in net profit for continuing operations
 compared to Q4 2020.
 was primarily driven by the close down of the operation in Luxembourg,
 which had a positive impact on the results by roughly 3.3 billion SEC in Q4 2020,
 but with no impact on equity.
 There's also higher amortization of the ComHem brand compared to last year following the
 brand merger in Q2 2021. So let's continue with the cash flow on slide 15.
 CapEx pay decreased to 971 million sec in the quarter, driven by higher network investments related to 5G in Sweden.
 working capital was strong in the quarter
 actually saw three separate items that had a
 positive impact. Firstly, we settled the receivable in a quarter of roughly 325
 million sec. Secondly, the timing of an account payable was favorable in the
 quarter, but we expect to see the opposite effect in Q1 2022. Thirdly, we see
 continued contribution from external hands-up silencing in the vortex.
 Taxes paid declined compared to Q4 2020,
 primarily driven by preliminary tax in Sweden
 for the year 2020, which was repaid in the quarter.
 All of this led to a quarter with remarkably strong cash generation
 of 1.8 billion SEC in equity-free cash flow.
 For 2021, our continuing operations have thus generated 5.8 billion SEC, or 8.3 SEC per share.
 Please move to slide 16 to go through the capital structure.
 economic net debt rose by 0.2 billion sec in the quarter as we paid out the
 second tranche of the ordinary dividend of 2.1 billion SEC.
 However, this was largely offset by the strong cash generation in the quarter.
 at the end of the year
 leverage was 2.5 which is still in the lower end of the target range of 2.5 and
 three with a proposed two and a half percent increase in ordinary dividend
 for the financial year of 2021, we will comfortably be within our range
 and we remain committed to maintaining
 leverage around the midpoint of 2.5 and 3 over time.
 and relevel the balance sheet as we grow underlying EBITDALE
 in order to distribute excess cash to our shareholders.
 folders.
 In addition to the ordinary dividend, we also intend to distribute the full proceeds from T-Mobile Net Balance transaction.
 as soon as the transaction is closed
 and we have received the cash proceeds.
 With that, I will hand over to Sjerd.
 Thank you very much, Charlotte, and then please turn over to slide 17, where we'll go through the business transformation program.
 So far, we have reached an annualized run rate of 500 million, with savings of 115 million
 affecting the P&L in a quarter, and $355 million for the full year.
 And we are now entering the last stages of the transformation program.
 These last stages include three major operational improvements within the business.
 decommissioning the 3G network,
 improve efficiency within our consolidated IT and technology organization,
 and decommissioning our remaining IT stacks once we have migrated all customers.
 Firstly, the close-down of SUNAP, which we have already started, will increase the efficiency
 within our mobile network
 and reduce the amount of sites that we have
 as we consolidate towers and move frequencies into one company, Net4Mobility.
 Secondly,
 When Tele2 and ComHem merged, we realized certain synergies within the technology department
 by merging the fixed and mobile network organizations
 into one
 When Jogesh joined the company, we further consolidated the technology and the IT department into one organization
 in order to improve collaboration within that organization
 but also with the commercial units
 From this, we expect to realize further synergies.
 And thirdly, we have so far already decommissioned two of our IT systems, and in 2022, we will carry out the major IT migration elements, which will yield the largest cost savings and vastly improve operational efficiency.
 When we consolidated the Tele2 and ComHem brand, we created a new IT stack on which new FMC customers are put.
 Now the job is to migrate
 existing customers onto that
 ID stack.
 currently operate the different brands on different IT stacks with all customers
 on one IT stack, we will vastly reduce the internal complexity, simplify the product
 portfolio and reduce the time customer the customer spend with customer service
 This is, of course, not an easy job.
 We have already started migrating our first customers with successful results.
 However, in order to secure quality in all these complex projects
 and enable stable commercial momentum.
 We will extend the deadline from end of 2022 to end of Q2 2023.
 This is purely a matter of timing in order to optimize our ways to deliver on our mid-term
 ambitions.
 We're still confident that we will achieve the target of at least 1 billion SEC in the
 analyze run-write savings by the end of the period.
 At the same time, we are able to guide on mid-single-digit growth in underlying EBITDA
 despite less contribution in 2002 from cost savings, which I will talk about on the next slide,
 demonstrating the long-term growth journey that we are embarked upon this is
 about saving costs, but it's also
 about building sustainable growth
 and we need to balance those two things
 So, moving to slide 18.
 I'm happy to announce that we can now guide
 for the full year in accordance with our mid-term guidance.
 We expect low single-digit growth in end-user service revenue
 and mid-single-digit growth in underlying EBITDA for 2022 compared to 2021.
 We expect CAPEX, excluding spectrum and leases, to be in the higher end of our range of 2.8
 to 3.3 billion SEC, driven by investment primarily in our mobile network as we ramp up the 5G
 rollout in Sweden and the Baltics
 but also investment in the fixed network through remote PHY.
 For end-user service, we expect to continue the momentum that we had since Q221 by making
 all countries contribute to the growth as we leverage the continued performance in the
 Baltics and return to growth in Sweden.
 We expect Sweden B2B to continue the positive momentum that we have seen during the second half of 2021.
 This does not mean that we will grow Sweden B2B every quarter during the year, but our aim is to stabilize and grow the business for the full year.
 In Sweden consumer, we expect the momentum in mobile
 are possible in a fixed broadband to persist through our more-for-more strategy.
 We also expect to see continued momentum in the Baltics to provide support for the entire
 group.
 The end-user service revenue growth will filter down to underlying EBITDA,
 and we will continue to execute on the business transformation program.
 The program remains back and loaded in the year, and we expect to reach the majority
 of the remaining annual run rate in 2022.
 as I pointed out
 during the first half of 2021 commercial activity and advertisement was significantly reduced
 during the
 that part of the year and we have now
 focused on bringing sustainable growth back
 in the second half
 And this leads to some investment in the market.
 This, coupled with the phasing of the Business Transformation Programme, will result in year-on-year underlying EBITDA trends to be more favorable from the summer of 2022, as we will continue to invest during the year.
 We will today also reiterate our mid-term guidance, similar to our guidance for 2022.
 In this guidance, we aim for sustainable growth for the group with continued contribution
 for all countries, while the Business Transformation Program will continue to give tailwind to
 underlying EBITDALE up until the first half of 24.
 For CAPEX, we expect to be in the high end of our guidance during the peak of the 5G rollout,
 And we will gradually reduce CAPEX spending as we complete the 5G rollout
 and improve the operational efficiency
 through the business transformation program.
 So then, please turn to the next slide for the key priorities going forward.
 In Sweden, we will continue to ramp up 5G investments in order to increase customer satisfaction,
 which will support our more-for-more strategy within the mobile business.
 Similarly, on the fixed side, we see the upgrade with remote FI as an opportunity to increase
 that.
 capacity and speed in order to maintain reliable growth in our broadband business.
 We will continue executing on the Business Transformation Program to deliver at least
 1 billion sec of savings by the end of
 Q2,
 2023
 industry.
 In Sweden Consumer, we will continue to balance value and volume
 in order to build sustainable growth
 while gearing up our capabilities
 to address the 1.3 million
 non-FMC households.
 We will also continue to build our premium brand
 in order to increase customer satisfaction
 that we can monetize through reduced
 churn or price adjustments on the back of product improvement.
 In Sweden B2B, we will continue the turnaround that we have started during the second half of the year
 by executing on our new granular approach
 with clearly defined segments.
 In the Baltics, we will continue to build on the performance that we've seen
 and execute on our mobile-centric convergence strategy through more for more offers
 in order to make sure that we can sustain the growth.
 With the 5G auctions now concluded in Latvia,
 we will start to ramp up the 5G rollout while preparing for the auctions in Lithuania and Estonia.
 At the same time, we will continue to develop and explore FMCE capabilities.
 And lastly, we aim to close the T-Mobile Netherlands transaction soon, in which we intend to distribute
 all proceeds to our shareholders once the transaction is closed and we have received
 the proceeds.
 Teletoo is a growth company at heart, and we are witnessing positive results from our strategic initiatives, which demonstrates the viability of our way forward.
 I am confident in our ability to succeed and deliver on our 2022 and midterm guidance
 and excited to continue building sustainable growth.
 And with that, I'd like to hand it over to the operators so we can do a Q&A.
 Thank you, dear participants.
 we will now begin the question and answer session. As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question,
 please press star and one on your telephone keypad and my phone will be announced. If you wish to
 To cancel your request, please the hash key.
 Once again, please press star and 1 if you wish to ask a question.
 the first question comes online of Andrew Lee from Goldman Sachs
 Please ask a question.
 Yeah, good morning, everyone.
 I just had a couple of questions focusing around the cost base of your business
 because I guess that's where the greatest investor focus is today.
 So just firstly on the cost in the quarter and that you highlight will continue into the first half of 2022 in terms of sales and marketing costs.
 Is that purely phasing, or do you think there's a sign there
 that the cost to compete has gone up in the market?
 and then second question
 just around your mid-term cost cutting,
 which you have pushed back by six months
 which one of your peers, KPN, did yesterday as well.
 just wanted to try and understand
 to you
 has cost-cutting or cost-efficiencies become harder
 or has COVID changed
 the scope of that cost reduction
 and trying to understand a little bit more why the delay
 And the key reason for the question really there is we're trying to think about, you know,
 whether you can continue to create further efficiencies further out, you know, than the middle of 2023
 and trying to understand how much scope there is for long-term greater efficiencies in the company.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, let me start, and I would invite maybe one or two colleagues there.
 let me take the second one first on the midterm cost cutting if if we were
 single-mindedly focused on cutting costs
 We could have done the transformation program by the end of 2022.
 but what you see is
 in the second half of 21,
 we're actually able to get back to meaningful growth in Sweden.
 And I really would like for Stefan and Henrik to not have too many freeze periods where they are limited in their approach.
 And I'm quite confident that that brings more value, especially in the medium term, getting the business back to growth rather than fast-forwarding this cost-cutting program.
 To deliver on this, we will definitely do it.
 There is no doubt about that.
 but from a value perspective
 I think the sequencing that we are putting now
 where we are taking the loss of the big
 migrations in the first quarter
 of 23 is a
 better one for our overall
 business. And we talk a lot about
 the sales and marketing costs.
 and of course
 this is just a sign of a market becoming more normal again so we have comparisons
 where they were very low levels.
 you saw we had a huge uptick in our EBITDA
 in the first part of 21.
 and then of course
 Since we are very, very transparent in the way we go to market and operate with you,
 I could have made a bridge to you easily
 that would take us back to the
 uh,
 the,
 consensus of 3.7
 by pointing out individual elements related to an IFRS adjustment we've done,
 the electricity cost in the Baltics
 and from exchange losses.
 And we'll be back at what the consensus was.
 but this is how we are
 we are maybe a little bit too brutally honest with ourselves
 so let's not overdo the sales and marketing I don't know Henrik do you
 Do you want to add a few comments to that?
 Yes, Shell.
 I'm pleased to.
 Hey, Andrew.
 Hi.
 Thanks for the question.
 so on the sales and marketing
 because as Sheryl was saying,
 we of course
 need to look at where we are
 fourth quarter against early in the year
 also from a return to normality point of view
 And that, of course, brings you in general to a little bit of a normalized level also on your marketing and sales costs.
 And then within that, the fourth quarter is typically a very high trading season.
 We do a lot of the, you know, promotions, a lot of the handset and device sales.
 And actually, we've performed quite nicely in the quarter, I would say,
 in particular on the mobile post page side.
 And then on your question, how will that translate into next year?
 I would say, you know, as long as we get out of, let's say, back to normality and out of COVID,
 it, you will see, of course, a, you know, a normalized run rate again.
 but within that
 the fourth quarter is a higher
 cost quarter.
 And I also would like to point out
 that a lot of that commercial cost is driven by acquisition costs
 and not as much as marketing costs,
 which I saw in some of the commentaries,
 Because we've, of course, also been able to get some transformation savings onto our marketing spend by moving to one brand.
 And so there's a lot more related cost to volumes.
 Yeah.
 Okay, thanks very much.
 can I just follow up on the longer term
 And so what you're seeing in the company at the moment,
 does that give you confidence that
 there's further
 costs or efficiencies
 to go after post the midterm plan
 or do we then rely on operational gearing to drive the growth forward?
 Yeah, that's also why we are reiterating our mid-term guidance.
 and there are
 I think we can say that our cost savings,
 now cash savings, the Swedish
 model has
 also quite a lot of capitalized
 expenses for
 consultants. That's a bit unique
 to Sweden. So,
 So at the end of the day, I do see a scope for improvements beyond the program that we
 have now defined in terms of reduction of cash spending in the company.
 Hello?
 Excuse me, Andrew, have you finished with your questions?
 I think you dropped off.
 He might have dropped up the story about that.
 We're having some problems with the webcast, everyone.
 Well, let's go to Ulrich then.
 I think we can go to the next question operator.
 Thank you.
 the next question comes from the line of
 Ulrich Rasev from Jeffries.
 please ask your question.
 thank you
 I have two questions, please.
 The first one is a bit of a follow-up on the earlier one.
 Just to clarify, when you talk about the phasing of commercial events with regards to the BTS
 sort of change
 Is that the customer migrations or is it other commercial events that you're referring to?
 Also,
 is this informed
 this plan
 in Form
 by anything you see in the market,
 actions by competitors or competitive
 levels overall in the market
 or is it simply
 going back to the drawing board
 you know, putting together all the
 other plans instead of deciding this this is better to sort of shift it out by six months
 So is it more internal or external?
 that's the first question
 And then the second question is,
 you mentioned during your
 prepared remarks that there was
 sort of a bit of a wave of contract expiries
 in the fourth quarter due to, you know,
 I suppose high sales in prior
 fourth quarters and then this contract sort of expired and created higher
 John was this
 How do you see that, right?
 I mean, that's generally, you would hope not to see high term when contracts expire.
 was this sort of a normal rate
 and just a higher underlying content expiry?
 or was there a reason why
 more people
 percentage-wise of these expiring contracts
 decided to leave Teletool or ask for better terms.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, okay. I will do the first one, and Henrik will do the second one. So you're basically asking me why do we shift this six months? I actually see that as a signal of strength in the business. If we were not succeeding in the go-to-market, then we would redouble the efforts or costs to try to compensate.
 the thing here is that I see
 that both Stefan and
 now Hendrik
 has the opportunity to build sustainable growth.
 And then it's easier to let them have a little bit of maneuvering space in the go-to market.
 So it's a decision that we have made internally based on how we think we can get the most value out of the approach.
 So, if we see the opportunity like we do now to have sustainable growth, it makes sense
 to give them a little bit more space
 and don't be bogged down by too many freeze periods.
 So, overall, I think this is good news.
 Mm-hmm.
 Thank you very much.
 Ulrich, just thanks for your questions.
 so first of all just to
 to confirm a couple of things.
 First of all, from a commercial point of view in the consumer market, we're really executing on a value strategy, right?
 So we're trying to, you know, to drive value into the market.
 And, of course, with that, also increase the overall value in the market for, you know, for the industry.
 and with that
 we're in a
 we're in a regular cycle
 that is recovering coming out of COVID with typically the fourth quarter being a very high
 trading season with you know
 some, you know, additional commercial spend just from the quarter itself.
 If we look into, take this forward, then what you can expect is that we, you know, in 22, we'll be able, as we recover from COVID, although we still have some weakness in, you know, the end of January and in January as we speak, we will be able to get to a better sustainable commercial rate.
 but not at the level
 of Q4
 not the higher level of Q4
 at the seasonality and not at the low levels we've seen earlier in in 21 but
 we were very much focused on
 focused on EBITDA in the midst of COVID.
 Then in terms of what happens with the customer base, we've seen that, you know, and I think your question particularly pertains to broadband and our, you know, net intake of 1K versus a normal rate of, you know, a mid-single-digit rate.
 And I think we've sort of been guiding that what happens in this quarter in particular around broadband is, you know, that we had a pretty decent sales rate, although we've had some impact, you know, from COVID on some of the channels that has sort of given a little bit of softening.
 But in particular, we've seen for this quarter that we've had campaigns that we've had over
 the last two years, a 24-month campaign and a 12-month campaign, that have both rolled
 out
 so we end it in this quarter
 And typically, if we roll off a campaign, this always comes with a level of churn.
 So, because we've had now two sort of these campaigns all happening in this quarter, we've seen some, you know, additional tick up on churn, and that's sort of the key driver for the rate.
 And that is not a continued trending.
 that is very much, you know, a particular event in the fourth quarter.
 and I would say underlying our broadband, you know,
 traction is still around sort of that mid-single-digit rate.
 and what we
 and then lastly
 what we typically do in terms of, you know,
 migrations as we execute
 on more for more pricing strategies.
 we continuously move and upgrade customers to of course our new front
 book and of course also to you know our new product sets that we have and if you
 mean migration in that sense yet that's what we
 continues to do us as part of more for more that's very helpful can I just
 clarify the very first question
 ask
 these commercial
 events
 that you specifically talk about
 in the report as
 sort of the phasing of that
 informing the delay to the BTS
 what exactly are these commercial events?
 Is it the migration waves?
 is that what it is
 or what is it
 Ah, yes, okay. So, yeah, we probably could be more clear in our language.
 So it's basically what I'm trying to say is that, let me take a historic perspective on this.
 My predecessor made a decision, which I think was right at the time,
 to focus on EBITDA and costs
 because of the uncertainties around COVID.
 now we are at the end of this thing
 and we have seen
 that we've been able to get meaningful growth back into all main lines of our business,
 then it makes sense for me
 and the management team to focus on getting that growth going
 and the commercial events are
 mean that is that
 If, for example, Henrik is planning a campaign in an important period of the year,
 We don't want him to be too restricted by constant freeze periods.
 So, by sequencing the B2P program so that it fits well with our go-to-market, we are able to do both of these things.
 And that builds the most value for the business.
 That's perfect. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Andres Jewelsen from Danske Bank.
 please ask a question
 Yes, great to you all.
 a question on leverage
 You have been at the lower end of the leverage for quite a few quarters now, as the slide showed.
 Is there anything that would change that view?
 or if I'm being
 a little bit blunt.
 what is preventing the board from
 moving you
 to the
 mid of the range that you expressed.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, I can start.
 you can take off
 if you want
 we have had
 a very positive
 2021 from a cash flow
 a couple of things have come our way that has been really helpful we
 expected it, and it has happened.
 So you see a very high cash flow generation in the business.
 And we do remain committed to the policy.
 we will be reviewing this
 last year we paid an extraordinary
 and we'll announce the second quarter.
 Of course, I don't say anything about
 we're going to do this year but the the board is very committed to our policy so if we see that we
 will be, over time, trending significantly lower than what we have said, then that will
 be reviewed, for sure.
 We have no desire as a management or as a board to hold back any significant amount compared to what you expect.
 and of course one thing we are doing now
 is that we are handing out
 when the deal closes in Netherlands, the entire amount,
 despite the fact that, you know, from a ratings perspective, some of that revenue would have been calculated by S&P as future contributions.
 so that's a signal of strength from our side but yes we remain committed to the
 policy, and we will be monitoring that.
 Very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Peter Nielsen from ABG. Please ask your question.
 Thanks very much, Oni, guys.
 just a question related to again to the transformation program
 but the internal side of it
 You've spoken about the market side, please.
 on the IT migration transformation, et cetera.
 Is this running according to plan, or are you seeing some issues here that sort of moves this also slightly into the next year?
 That was my first question, and just second one.
 we are seeing a slight weakening of trends in the TV business
 Could you give us any indication or qualitative comments on how do you view the TV business moving into this year?
 Thank you very much.
 Let me do the first, and then the second one I will hand over to.
 so on the
 migrations. We have actually started
 that process.
 so one of our main brands
 is moving
 through the
 new platform
 and we haven't had any
 unexpected things there
 actually
 it's been
 relatively smooth, I would say.
 these things are never super easy
 but there hasn't been any kind of
 red or even orange
 flags coming up there
 so again
 use our
 our reasoning for
 for the choice we've made
 is exactly
 what you see is what you get
 this is
 our thinking
 We really want to make sure that we extract the most value from the market in this process.
 So we are very confident about the business transformation plan, both the number and, of course, now the timeline that we have set.
 And I think it's definitely the right thing to do in terms of a value creation perspective.
 Yeah.
 Bye-bye.
 hey Peter
 on the
 TV or an entertainment business
 Just to give you some insight there, in last year's Capital Market Day, I think it was
 very clearly launched and stated that, you know, our aim is to stabilize and modernize
 our entertainment business to also, you know,
 contribute to driving value for the overall
 consumer business
 and that's basically still our aim so we you know our aim is to stabilize this
 business and
 and to make the necessary adjustments so that we can really move into streaming
 and get more solid fundamentals in the DTV business what you see if you look at
 you know the numbers on the line you see at least the revenue level that are you
 know cable and fiber entertainment businesses is sort of starting to
 stabilized was we still have some you know decline on the on let's say the
 legacy DTT side.
 And that is in part
 coming through from
 the uptake
 we're seeing on our streaming business, which
 It sits in the, you know, cable and fiber numbers.
 Again, we're still early on because since we've now just rebranded
 to come and play a plus and to tell it to play.
 we're seeing some good growth momentum
 And that's also where we're now launching, you know, linear streaming into the portfolio.
 This is, again, a first step into a continued modernization journey for entertainment business
 that, again, in the end, should be able to stabilize, you know, the total TV line over time.
 Okay, thank you very much both.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes to the line of Stefan Gaufin from DNB.
 Please ask your question.
 Yes, hello
 I have a question on
 mobile ortho
 And there was slightly weaker growth momentum on the ARPA side for both the consumer and the business mobile this quarter compared to Q3.
 and just wondering
 if that is a
 result of campaigning or if it's increased mobile competition or due to
 facing or price increases just help me understand sort of the the development
 on mobile ARPU
 Okay, Stefan will start and then Henrik.
 Yeah.
 Hi Stefan
 thanks for the question
 and on
 beat the beat then
 If you look at the comparison versus last year, it's true that we have a decline.
 but if you look on the long
 Trump
 we are decreasing that revenue
 or ask for the client that we've seen in the B2B segment.
 so
 So, looking at the efforts that we're doing, keeping more disciplined around our pricing guidelines, focusing on value, and making sure that we take a responsible stance in the market.
 And we're challenging ourselves all the time to make sure that we get the right price from our B2B customers.
 we can see that it's actually resulting in improvements.
 if you compare it to the Q3 and Q4 ASPO, it's a flat development.
 And also, if you look at the full year,
 after
 We are on the same level as we were in both Q3 and Q4.
 So I would say the strategy is yielding results and, of course, bringing in more SME customers
 with a higher ASPU than the key and the public sector.
 it works in the right direction for us in B2B.
 I hope that answers the question
 and then I'll hand over to Henrik
 Thank you, Stefan.
 Yes, Stefan and Stefan, actually.
 So I will focus on the consumer side on the post-paid ask for Stefan.
 and basically what you see
 from Q3 to Q4
 is typically, you know, that in Q3,
 also this year actually still sort of
 in that lighter touch
 on COVID, we did have some good roaming
 revenues, as you may remember from our Q3
 report. So that typically drives a
 higher
 you know
 as we're in the quarter, which then, of course, you know,
 coming out of the holiday season
 has an effect on the, you know,
 in the fourth quarter.
 Another thing is the main explanation.
 If you look at the underlying ASPU in the quarter versus last year, we've been growing by 2%,
 and actually also the first full year, you know, strengthening the ASPU development.
 and whilst you may think
 from campaigning
 there may be
 maybe a little bit of a campaign
 low
 softer ASPU coming into the mix
 that of course to an extent is true
 but it doesn't have any effect on the overall, you know, customer base as well as such.
 so I would say
 It's mainly in effect from, you know, a strong Q3 driven by typically, you know, roaming.
 and of course
 Last year, we see a 2% growth in the quarter.
 Okay. Thank you. Good explanations from both of you. Thank you.
 Thank you, Stefan.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Lan or Francesca Schill from BNP Paribas Exane.
 Please ask a question.
 Thank you.
 And I have one question, please, on wage inflation pressures.
 so how do you think of wage invasion risk in Sweden and could you please
 remind us of the process for for increased wage increase negotiations this year when they'll take
 place and what you're projecting for the increase thank you well the wage inflation in sweden is
 pretty much determined by
 the central negotiations
 So, I don't see anything, you know, dramatic coming out of that.
 those numbers are usually
 quite responsible.
 we do see a bit more
 rate inflation in the
 Baltics that kind of goes with the overall growth in it that we see in
 business and the economy
 and
 And so, there is more inflationary pressure in the Baltics than in Sweden.
 Now, the good thing about that is that the business in Baltics is also pretty good at
 pricing their services
 So, I think the industry in general in Europe has struggled with focusing on this inflation
 adjustments of pricing and uh you see the what bt is doing in the uk as
 maybe one way of doing it,
 We think our Baltic colleagues have been overall quite good at it.
 I think probably we could be even better at this in the Swedish market.
 so
 but to be specific
 on your question.
 Sweden weight pressures seem to be kind of under control because they are centrally
 managed most of it and the Baltics is also under control but will have a
 a higher level.
 Thank you.
 just on that so do you have do you think that in sweden it will be similar the increase this year
 to last year and have the negotiations taken place i think we can you can expect overall those
 agreements to end up in the area
 of two, maybe two and a half percent.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 question comes from a line of Pontus
 which may step from SCB.
 Please ask a question.
 hi there
 Thank you for taking the questions.
 on
 The marketplace, I focus on Sweden and in regards to everything spoken about before,
 the positioning in networks
 and your 5G position
 and the JV with Telenor.
 can you describe it to us
 very top-down how important
 that is going forward
 in terms of having a good position in 5G.
 and
 the perception in the market of fast and strong networks and investments in those?
 And are you aligned with Telenor in that space?
 Pontus, I should really thank you for that question
 because it's something I love to talk about.
 We have a quite unique position in European telecoms with our network cooperation with Telenor.
 So we run some part of Sweden on our own network, but most of it through Netform Mobility.
 and that gives a great advantage because we have the scale advantage and we have
 also very good spectrum, a very good spectrum
 position.
 So when we,
 when the
 whole 2G, 3G,
 4G market consolidates into
 one 5G market. That is
 actually a net positive for us at Tele2.
 Because the combination of net for mobility and our home networks will mean that in terms of base stations and spectrum, we will have the strongest position in the market.
 because right now we're operating
 with network corporations with
 SUNAB, with Telia, we have National Mobility,
 we have our own
 When we consolidate all of this into one, with one network planning, we will have the
 biggest reach
 and we'll have a great
 spectrum portfolio.
 So we can't wait to get through this because it will, if anything, strengthen our position towards both B2B and B2C consumers in the Swedish market.
 Okay, thanks.
 and it's becoming more important towards the consumer you feel
 or is it because in the beginning
 you know people weren't as aware but now if you let speed and efficiency is more of a divider in
 the marketplace
 yeah I think
 we have a
 4G network now
 but the good news is that
 but we're moving over to the next technology
 and we can re-plan the network,
 we will be able to have better reach
 with fewer base stations
 because we're not sharing in multiple relationships here.
 So that whole planning has a significant efficiency in it.
 Actually, I think Yogesh described that very well at our Capital Markets Day.
 so there is a clip out there
 that describes how that journey goes.
 So, it's something that we are really looking forward to.
 And maybe to add, Pontus,
 I think if I look at the typical consumer behavior and uptake on, for example, new phones and handsets,
 you see quite a lot of the phones that we've been shipping
 also in the fourth quarter are 5G ready
 and that's sort of making its way
 into the market quite quickly.
 So there's a natural uptake by the market.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Adam Fox-Rumley from HSBC.
 please ask your question.
 Thank you very much. Hello, everyone.
 I wanted to ask a kind of a slightly general question
 about the way you're thinking on phasing of customer growth.
 from my perspective today's results show the machine is kind of working you can
 turn it on when you choose that allows you to dip in and out of the market to
 optimize your return on spend but are you saying from today that
 you prefer kind of maintaining business momentum.
 so it's better to have a slightly smoother approach
 to customer growth through the course of the year
 or is it really just that you're kind of correcting
 for what was a very unusual first half last year.
 And then I wondered, slightly following up on that previous question, whether you're on a question on CapEx, you've begun the big ramp up in spend.
 and I wonder if you could just say a few words about how that's going,
 whether you're seeing any issues or any areas where you're ahead of plans, that kind of thing.
 Thank you.
 Okay, so looking at our positioning in the market,
 I'm very happy to see that we have a much higher accuracy now than we had when I joined.
 and that is because a lot of people
 have worked hard on getting their data right.
 one of the reasons why
 Stefan is successful in B2B
 is that they do much better analysis now.
 they used to be very
 B2B used to be very volume driven
 and they go back in time.
 Now they are much more accurate about the customer needs.
 to have a much more interesting and relevant discussion
 with our big, large customers
 and solutions customers
 And that is how they can provide value to these customer relationships.
 One of the things we want to get out of our business transformation program beyond saving cost is that Hendrik, in cooperation with Jogesh, will work much more with big data, be much more accurate in our go-to-market.
 Tele2 has a history of being a very successful challenger, and that was great in a growing market and where you didn't have such a huge long tail.
 now we are a converged FMC player
 who need to be much more accurate, and that level of accuracy has increased a lot.
 and what Henrik brings to the business here.
 it brings many things
 But one of the things it brings is a deep understanding, not only of mobile markets,
 and not only of broadband markets, but also the TV side of the business.
 So the whole picture comes together.
 And for us to be more surgical in our approach between value and volume, we need more and bigger data, and that's what we're getting into place.
 That is one of the key things that is happening.
 And on the rollout of the 5G, it's moving ahead.
 we actually
 were able to do a little bit more towards the end of the year than we
 expected, so that momentum
 has really picked up.
 So we think a lot is going to be built out in 2022,
 and the main momentum will be done
 and finished by 23
 with, of course, some build-outs in 2024.
 so
 and the
 guidance for our CapEx
 If you have it, we'll be at the upper end, clearly.
 but we
 We have transparency on that.
 we have visibility on that
 It's looking pretty good.
 That's very helpful. Thank you.
 If I could just follow up on that first question.
 in terms of the
 the
 staff requirement to become better and more capable with big data, it is tele2
 we've seen as a place where that is a, you know, a great,
 a great career option to be able to have that opportunity I'll start and then if
 you guys want to chip in, please.
 one of the things
 that I did after coming here was to move
 the big data resources out from being
 more of a staff function to being directly in the line of business.
 We have people here who are truly capable, and they are actually quite motivated now
 because they are much closer
 to where it happens.
 they're much closer to the business
 So they have really quite a lot of energy in putting into their work.
 And it seems like they're coming up with a big value add.
 and do you want to add something guys
 Well, from a B2B perspective, I would say that in the past Intelli2, we have underinvested
 in the business intelligence side.
 That is something that we are changing, and which we started already next year with the program in becoming more data-driven, and to Chell's point, in different manners of running the business.
 We will continue to do that also this year.
 and execution going forward in all aspects,
 and not just commercial I would say
 but also from a customer experience perspective and a production perspective.
 So really, really looking forward to that.
 Thanks very much.
 Well, maybe, Adam, just add, you know, from a consumer point of view, I think, you know, customer value management, you'll probably pick it up also at other operators.
 This is really a way to go as you go into a converged strategy.
 you know that's where
 we still have a lot
 of opportunity and mileage to go
 and as
 you know, as Cheryl was alluding to earlier, the IT
 transformation is quite essential to get that
 get that done so that we can
 really not just have
 of the data, but also act on it through how we build
 propositions, how we, you know, get the intelligence to the channels and et cetera.
 So, you know, we're in full motion of that, and there's clearly a lot of potential still to come out of this as we go through 2022.
 Great. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 And the last question comes from the line of Abilash Mohapatra from Bernbeck Bank.
 Please ask a question.
 Yes, good morning, and thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to come back to the comments that I'm driving
 improving
 top-line growth
 in Sweden,
 place in
 in context of the guidance.
 And in 2021, obviously, you know, group service revenue growth of 1%,
 but all of that was driven by the Baltics
 with Sweden declining half a percent
 and Q4 actually softening a bit.
 So just to confirm, within the 2022 guide, what are you assuming for Sweden, please?
 looks like consensus
 has around 1% growth for Sweden in both consumer and business.
 Is that something that you're comfortable with?
 Thank you.
 Well, I can start.
 first of all I think it's very important to see the trends over time here so going
 from a quite significant
 negative trend in B2B
 to being a stable business
 was what we said we would do and we've
 done it so and then of course
 we want to take it from there, Stefan and I and others
 will work hard to deliver meaningful growth there also.
 and then of course
 we've seen volumes
 picking up a bit in
 the consumers.
 So our ambition is that all the main lines of the business, meaning the Baltics, B2C Sweden, B2B Sweden, should be delivering to the overall growth momentum of the company.
 And then, of course, it will vary over time where the biggest contribution comes from.
 clearly in the short term
 it will be the Baltics.
 Anything you want to add?
 no I think
 you've put it
 well
 I mean
 during the year
 We set a strategy for B2B with specific cornerstones that we shared with you at the Capital Market Day.
 we are delivering on
 on that strategy to the full extent
 and that's our focus, and also to be consistent in regards to strategy and these corridors
 with segmentation, being a digitalization partner, operational excellence, etc.
 And we set the ambition to make a major trend shift during 2021, which Charles just mentioned.
 And, I mean, we have delivered on that.
 And then we're on the path of having the ambition to be stabilizing the revenue growth that you saw in the last quarter.
 and hopefully that
 that
 that answers the ambition
 that we have
 And going from minus seven in 2020 to that level that we see now with two consecutive quarters with positive growth, we're proud of that delivery, but we're not satisfied.
 we will push forward going into the future okay that we have Nick or we are
 And the last question comes from line of Nick Lyle from Sagan.
 please ask your question
 All right.
 thanks very much
 Don't be squeezing me in there.
 There was a quick question, please,
 just two things
 just, I was looking at the
 mulch survey, the sort of end of
 2021 in-lapse survey
 could you just explain why that is
 or is not a true reflection of this sort of network quality.
 and she would be concerned about your ability to close the gap
 on Telia's mobile prices because of that.
 And then secondly,
 apologies if I missed something
 but I could have got cut off a couple of times
 but I'll take your point about the broadband
 campaigns analyzing but if you were able to remove that would we see in the numbers you're making
 some headway by taking share
 from Telia because of their
 rises in broadband prices. Could you just
 explain the sort of background to the market on the fixed side and the broadband side in
 particular and what sort of show you might be taking x those end of campaigns please so i'll do
 one that maybe
 Henrik does too
 Yes.
 So what you are highlighting is an opportunity for Tere2.
 we have a good network today
 and then of course
 there will always be
 surveys. They've always been surveys as long as I've been
 in this industry
 But what I tried to say on the previous question is that
 going into the setting of the 5G networks
 when we can have a one network
 under our own control
 and not have multiple cooperations.
 the cooperation of net formability has
 is
 tough
 It's tested over time.
 it works really well
 We are in a good relationship with our partner there, with Telenor.
 so 5G
 brings an opportunity for us
 to capitalize on that gap
 that you are pointing out
 because clearly we
 moving forward with Tele2
 becoming a converged
 player, quality
 player
 gives us the chance to lift Oscars over time so
 when we come out
 end of 23 and early 24
 with great coverage
 And a great spectrum and a very strong 5G proposition that gives us an opportunity to equalize some of that gap that you are pointing out.
 so it's a good opportunity for us
 and to share it and Nick it will be an opportunity to carry on you know that
 growth momentum I think also through more for more on the on the on the mobile
 last pool.
 for us
 you know as such
 and then on the fixed side
 just to briefly comment on that
 you know,
 a,
 underlying, I think we have still
 a good trend
 of course
 you need to look at the total market
 of course, where we've gotten.
 And if you look traditionally, first, where we are now, of course, you know, we do have a mature and quite penetrated market.
 However, the campaign momentum that I was alluding to
 is that, of course, you need campaigns to an extent to drive, you know, your net ads on the one hand.
 but in this quarter in particular we've seen
 two of these sort of
 quite successful campaigns, you know,
 coming out, rolling out
 and that has been
 that specific effect
 So, yes, you need campaigns to drive it.
 Of course, these need to be well sort of planned and scheduled,
 that you don't have these sort of effects that we've seen in this quarter in particular,
 which we are which we're doing as we go forward and as we also execute on you know the fmc strategy
 and we will be able to
 as we have have been alluding to get more out of the customer base and customer value focus we will
 also be able to address
 some of the churn levels
 and see some churn reduction.
 So a continuation on, you know, driving sort of campaigns that sort of are well planned in combination with really driving the FMC momentum throughout 2022, I think will give us a good underpinning for our broadband business going forward.
 That's great. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Dear participants, thank you very much for all your questions today.
 I would like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Shell Jensen, for the closing remarks.
 Yeah, and thank you very much, everyone, for joining us this morning to go through the full year of 2021 and our outlook for 2022.
 I'm very happy that we could close the year on a relatively high note
 with basically living up to the guidance increase
 that we gave you in July of last year
 and that we are now sitting with a guidance that is higher than we had 12 months ago.
 We have increased our dividend by 12.5%, and we are recommitted to, of course, as we always are, to the dividend policy and the capital allocation.
 so things are looking good
 we're going to deliver on our transformation program and we're going to make sure that that does
 not interfere
 with our ability to drive growth momentum also in the Swedish market.
 so we're making these judgment calls and I'm pretty positive about the outlook
 So thanks for joining us today.
 that that's
 concludes our conference for today. Thank you for
 participating. You may all disconnect. Have a nice day.
 We'll be right back.