 Hello, I'm Oh Joong-suk, I'm in charge of the SKTALCOM IR project.
 On conference call, SK Telecom CFO Guyem,
 Corporate One Center General Yoon Pung-young Center General and Hayoung's Corporate Two Center General
 We will proceed with the response of the Jiri in accordance with the 21-year Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the strategic direction.
 Good afternoon, I am Chung-Suk Oh, head of IR Planning at SK Telecom.
 Today's conference call will consist of the presentation
 on the earnings results for Q1 of 2021 and the future management plans and strategic
 direction by Pung Young-yoon, CFO at Head of Corporate Center One, and Hyung-il Ha, Head
 of Corporate Center 2 followed by a Q&A session.
 In the financial release, M&O will talk about the success and plan of the new ICT business,
 Today, Achievements and Strategic Plans for MNO will be provided by Pungyeong Yun, Head
 of Corporate Center One, and Hyeong-il Ha, head of Corporate Center Two, will discuss that
 of the new ICT businesses.
 Today's conference call will be held in order to understand your deep understanding of the situation.
 Before we start, please consider that all the prospects can change depending on the market and the situation.
 Today's conference call will provide consecutive interpretation.
 We have with us executives from relevant business divisions
 to help deepen your understanding.
 Before we begin, we want to remind you that all four looking statements are subject to change, depending on the macroeconomic and market situations.
 Then let me now present our CFO.
 and new ICT assets.
 We plan to use the spin-off to increase shareholder value and create the most optimal structures
 for telecom business and new ICT businesses, respectively, thereby accelerating their growth.
 To fulfill the purpose of the spin-off,
 We completed the cancellation of treasury shares worth 2.6 trillion won in market value, which
 account for 10.8 percent of the total issued stocks.
 I believe that the plan to divide the country is the most important and the most important direction.
 I believe that the investment team had enough empathy with the market.
 The planned spinoff was designed to prioritize shareholder value, and we believe that we have
 gain the good understanding of the investors in the market.
 we will carry out the plan with a strong conviction
 and make sure that all the necessary decisions
 finalized within the first half of the year.
 Now, let me discuss the Consolidated Earnings Highlights for Q1 of 2021.
 2021 1-minute connection sales recorded 4,708,500,000 won.
 All business areas have grown year-to-year.
 especially media and safety and care
 and Care 4-up's 2-digit number of high-performance manufacturers,
 and the annual winter season has increased by 7.4 percent.
 As for the previous winter season,
 Consolidated revenue for Q1 of 2021 recorded 4,780.5 billion won.
 All business divisions enjoyed growth year on year,
 and media and safety and care posted a double digit growth.
 marking a 7.4% year on year increase.
 but the figure declined 1.2 percent two on two
 due to the base effect of higher seasonal sales in Q4.
 The annual sales profit increased by 29% compared to the previous year and 17.4% compared to the previous year and 3,888,000,000 won.
 MNOA, the media company,
 was able to achieve sales and cost efficiency at the same time,
 and safe-tank care and commerce
 companies have also improved their sales
 Consolidated operating income increased by 29% year-on-year and 17.4% two-on-two to post
 388.8 billion won.
 MNO and media led the operating income improvement
 by achieving both revenue growth and cost efficiency.
 SNC and commerce also contributed to earnings
 with their Y-O-Y growth in operating income.
 The short-term profit was 5,720 million won.
 That income recorded 572 billion dollars per year.
 With $572.1 billion, posting an 86.9% growth year-in-year, and a 54.2% growth Q&Q, thanks
 to equity method in common SK Hynex and sales profit of SK Wyverns.
 Let me now discuss major achievements and strategic direction for each business.
 Pyotr.
 S.K. Telecom's 1 minute mark is 1.9%, 1.4% increase compared to the previous year, and 2.987 billion won.
 The 5G service that was launched on April 3, 2012,
 has reached the highest standard for distribution
 of 6.7 million people and has led the sales growth.
 Non-consolidated MNO revenue for Q1 increased by 1.9% year-on-year and 1.4% Q1-Q to post
 $2,980.7 billion won.
 Celebrating the second anniversary of 5G on April 3rd,
 We saw the number of 5J subscribers reach 6.74 million
 as of the end of Q1 and record the biggest quarterly net ads
 thereby leading MNO revenue growth.
 MNU's sales profit was 3,073 million won.
 The market security and security system has increased by 13.1% compared to previous year.
 MNO operating income posted 307.3 billion won, a 19% growth year-on-year, and a 33.1% growth
 Q and Q as the market stabilization trend continued.
 Recently, we introduced five new 5G price plans to strengthen the 5G price options.
 They include three online-only on-tech plans that offer more benefits at lower prices and
 two additional 5GX plans at 69,001 and 79,001.
 We will continue to promote the transition to 5G services based on a variety of price
 We are expanding our resources by providing free services such as education, rentals, FMVs and so on.
 We are planning to launch a comprehensive subscription service that allows us to achieve maximum subscription life at a reasonable price with a new marketing platform.
 We will do our best so that we can increase the expectations of the investment service in earnest,
 Subscription services, newly pursued by MNO Division, are expanding partnerships and
 and launching diverse subscription services for daily lives, including education, rental,
 In the second half of the year, we plan to introduce an Integrated Subscription Services
 based on a new subscription marketing platform
 where customers can enjoy optimal subscription life
 at reasonable prices.
 we're developing flagship products
 that will raise customer's expectations
 for subscription services.
 We will do our best to ensure high quality of these services.
 Next, the media business records 9,670,000,000 won
 The total distribution rate of the previous year was 98.8%, while the total distribution rate was 12.6%
 Moving on to media, SK Broadband's Consolidated Revenue recorded $967 billion, with a T-Broad
 merger and IPTV subscriber growth, it rose by 17.6 percent year and year, but declined
 by 4.1% Q1Q due to the base effect of seasonal sales in Q4.
 thanks to revenue growth and operational processing
 improvements, operating income increased by 98.8% year-on-year and 12.6% Q&Q to record
 7%-
 $75.4 billion one.
 The high growth rate has increased by 20.3% compared to the previous year.
 Compared to the previous year, it has increased by 5.5% due to the characteristics of Safe Chain Care.
 The new market is not only a few days away, but it has also improved a lot.
 scope of business. After the merger, the consolidated revenue, including ADT caps, recorded $350.5
 and one.
 It is
 increased by 20.3% year on year, thanks to the solid growth of new businesses such as
 home security, integrated security, and cloud security,
 but he declined 5.5% two on two due to the characteristic of safety and care business
 in which revenue tends to peak into Q4.
 The new businesses enjoyed both top-line growth and bottom-line improvement, resulting in
 the quarterly operating income of $27.8 billion,
 It was a 9.3% reduction due to the attention of the supply promotion.
 In the first quarter, the market price increased by 5, but thanks to the growth of foreign companies,
 Commerce Revenue posted 203.7 billion won.
 increased by 7% year on year based on the continued contact list consumption trend but
 decreased by 9.3 percent Q and Q due to concentrated promotions in Q4 including
 the 11th day event. Marketing expenses for 11th Street and FK store increased in Q1 but
 operating income maintain the BEP level thanks to volume growth.
 Next, Hayoung-il-kopori-tru-center, this article,
 to the UICT program and the strategy.
 Tong Il-Ha, Head of Corporate Center 2, will discuss the achievements and strategic direction
 for the new ICT businesses.
 Hello, my name is Ha Hyeong-il, and I am the head of SK Telecom Corporate Two Center.
 Good afternoon.
 I am Hyeong Il-Ha, head of Crippler Center 2.
 Allow me to introduce myself.
 Tell me to discuss the achievements and plans for the new ICT businesses.
 This is the media business.
 The number of paid TV subscribers of S.K. Broadband stands at 8.69 million as of the
 the end of Q1.
 In partnership with Kakao Entertainment and SMCNC,
 we created 70% of the program in a unique TV channel.
 Established by SK Broadband in January as a multiple program provider,
 media S began regular broadcasting in April.
 In partnerships with Keco Entertainment and SMCNC,
 70% of the programs are exclusive content unavailable on other TV channels.
 S.K. Broadband will strengthen the value chain in the media business that encompasses content,
 and platforms.
 Wave will increase the competitiveness of the original content that records high ratings.
 ��이 최근 최고 контents 책임자로シグナル、بن일의 숲 등으로 알려진 2005 책임
 producer를 영입하였으며 기획 studio 설립을 추진 중에 있습니다.
 Wave will further enhance competitiveness of original content such as taxi driver that is enjoying high viewer rating.
 We recently hired Chief Producer Chan-Ho Lee, well-known for dramas such as Signal and Stranger,
 as chief content officer and we're in the process of establishing a content planning
 in the studio.
 Next is a security division which is renamed as safety and care division.
 Last March, the ABT CAPS and SK InfoSec communication law will be signed by the Korean number one
 We will expand the business model of the technical base in the new security areas such as home,
 We will expand the business model of the technical base in the new security areas such as the BOM,
 Launched in March, the Emerged Entity of SADT CAPS and SK Infosec will leap forward as Korea's number one integrated security company.
 In addition to achieving growth in the existing security domains,
 We will expand technology-based business models in new security domains, such as Securities
 for home, unmanned stores, and cloud.
 ADT-CAPS has recently established a working partnership with AWS and Cloud for the cooperation of the company.
 ADT-CAPS can provide cloud-based services
 I am planning to launch a joint business for the financial and public market that has a high demand for cloud
 ADT has recently signed an agreement to cooperate with AWS for cloud security business.
 By combining ADT's cloud security services with AWS solutions, we will promote business
 together to gain market share in the financial and public sectors where there is high demand
 this transition to cloud.
 Also, we're in the process of selecting a lead underwriter for IPO of ADT Caps, and we will do our best to prepare for the IPO.
 Next is commerce business.
 Despite intensifying market competition, commerce achieved growth in both revenue and profitability
 The 11th Street started ordered today, delivered tomorrow service through fulfillment service
 together with Korea Post.
 It is also selling popular products,
 including daily necessities in partnerships
 with major domestic and global brands,
 such as Amore and PNG Korea.
 Through the cooperation of Amazon, we are also preparing to allow customers to purchase Amazon products at No. 12.
 service to be released,
 In collaboration with Amazon, we are making preparations to allow customers to buy Amazon
 products on the 11th Street.
 We plan to announce more details as soon as the service is ready to be launched.
 In addition to the $400 million investment, the team's mobility team has been recognized as a company value of $400 million
 since its financial investment.
 In addition to investment from Uber,
 team and mobility has received $400 billion one of investments from financial investors
 based on evaluation of 1.4 trillion won.
 UTI was launched through joint investment of P-Map Mobility in Uber and its differentiated
 services are expected to offer customers more choices and provide drivers with more revenue.
 Finally, let me move on to one store which is preparing for an IPO.
 The One Store, which is showing a 11-minute series of high-end products,
 has been investing in KT and AGU Plus
 With continued GMV growth for 11 consecutive quarters, one store received investments from
 and KT and LG U+, thereby solidifying its position
 as Korea's representative at market.
 Google Media Insumit, S24Y, Content Studio JB 설립을 통해 K-Content IP를 확보하고
 다양한 형태로 발전시켜 나가겠습니다.
 We acquired Rock Media and established the Content Studio as a joint venture with ES24,
 all of which are our efforts to secure K-content IPs and develop them in a variety of formats.
 I will now hand it back to the CFO.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mr. Ha, for your presentation.
 have delivered earnings that exceeded the market consensus in this quarter.
 We announced the spin-off plan and canceled Treasury shares to enhance shareholder value.
 We also demonstrated that the fundamentals in all our businesses have been strengthened.
 Many people are curious about the delivery policy.
 After the final decision on the division was made on the move,
 I understand that many people want to know more about our dividend policy after final
 decisions concerning the spin-off are made at the board in the first half of the year.
 we will share with you more details,
 including a decision on the quarterly dividend.
 In order to achieve success, we will not let go of the string of tension.
 We will continue to do our best for a successful spin-off.
 Then we reassure you that all the decisions we make will be to maximize shareholder value.
 We ask for your continued support and interest.
 interest. Thank you.
 Then we will start the Q&A session now.
 Thank you.
 I'm going to start with the question.
 If you have any questions, please press the number 1 and 4 on the phone.
 As soon as you press number 1 and 4, I will give you the opportunity to ask questions.
 지문을 취소하시려면 1번과 5번을 눌러주시면 됩니다.
 Now the Q&A session will begin.
 Please press 1 and 4 if you have any questions.
 Questions will be taken according to the order you have pressed the number 1 and 4.
 Please press 1 and 5 if you want to cancel your questions.
 The first question is from Otaewon Otaewon, a Korean investment advisor.
 The final question will be provided by Keon-Oh from Korea Investment and Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for your question.
 There are two questions.
 First of all, there are a few projects that come out at the same time as the wave or the flow,
 I would appreciate it if you could share and explain where you will go after the break.
 And the second question is,
 The number of subscribers will be released on the 4th half of this year.
 and our subscription service.
 Thank you for your attention.
 Thank you very much for this opportunity.
 I would like to ask two questions.
 The first question is regarding the spin-off plan.
 wave and flow were not mentioned in your recent disclosure.
 So I'd like to learn how these businesses
 and subsidies, other subsidies will be divided
 between the surviving company and the spin-off company
 after the decennals.
 The second question is related to your subscription service plan.
 You mentioned that in the second half of the year, you are going to launch an integrated
 subscription service. So can you provide us with some updates on your subscription service
 business plan.
 Mr. Oh, thank you very much for your questions.
 As for the spin-off, the surviving company will grow as an AI-based company.
 After the spin-off, the surviving company will grow as an AI-based infra-company by
 combining the fixed and wireless telecommunication infrastructure and
 and pursuing growth based on AI-centered subscription marketing and data-centered business.
 In the new year, it will become an IT investment company that is focused on global tech seeding,
 And the spin-off company will grow as an ITT investment company that is specialized in
 and making aggressive investments in semi-conductor life platforms and global tech seeding thereby
 by making various investments that will drive value up.
 In your question, you asked about wave and flow.
 They belong to media and content assets, thereby falling under the live platform area.
 So under the spin-off company, they will become global businesses that will lead new lifestyles
 of customers.
 As for the specific business portfolios of the surviving company and the spin-off company,
 of these will be finalized at the board
 within the first half of the year.
 Let me now address your question regarding the subscription services.
 At the moment, we have built a long-term know-how in the subscription market based on the communication service,
 We have been accumulating know-how and expertise in the subscription market by utilizing our
 our telecommunication services, we believe that MNO is very
 competitive in providing subscription services.
 In various fields such as media, e-commerce, and other media,
 we are collecting data from various fields,
 and we are also providing digital infrastructure
 that is possible to offer in product design,
 marketing competitiveness.
 In various areas such as telecommunications, media, and e-commerce, we have accumulated
 a large amount of data, and we have the digital infrastructure that can cover product planning
 all the way to offering and we also have marketing competitiveness in both online and offline
 Based on such expertise and capabilities, we believe that we can produce a sizable revenue
 not only based on SK Telecom customers,
 but also 50 million Korean people.
 At the moment, we are preparing to offer products based on AI technology, such as media, game, delivery, education, etc.
 AI technology-based product creation and offering.
 Karani, we have been expanding the scope of subscription products to media, games, delivery,
 education and we're now in the process of developing product curation and offering
 based on AI technology in order to offer optimal packages for our customers.
 In addition, in the lower half of the year, we will proceed with a subscription marketing platform
 For the more, we're going to transform the existing T-membership platform into a new
 a subscription marketing platform that is provided
 for entire population in Korea in the second half of the year.
 The subscription market in Korea was $40,000 a year, and it is expected to grow to $10,000
 a year.
 market in Korea was 49 trillion won in size last year and it is expected to grow to 100 trillion
 in one of market by 2025.
 Our target for the subscription products and services is having the number of subscribers
 reach $35 million by 2025.
 and achieve the revenue size of 1.5 trillion won by 2025
 by expanding partnerships and business models.
 I believe that we can take up about 20% of the market share
 of the subscription market that we can address.
 Thank you.
 Next question is from Choi Min-hwan from Samsung.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question will be provided by Mina Toy from SAMHSA Security.
 And the second question is about team mobility.
 The team has been working from FI to U.S.
 to speed up the production of businesses in recent years.
 Please share your recent business experience.
 I'm going to ask you to share your recent business experience with us.
 Thank you very much for this opportunity.
 I would like to ask two questions.
 The first question is in April you made a disclosure that you will carry out the spin-off and you mentioned that
 decisions related to the spin-off will be made in the first half of this year.
 Can you share with us the upcoming schedule regarding the spin-off?
 The second question is related to the T-Map mobility.
 Recently, you received financial investments,
 and I believe that team memorability will start to
 accelerate its growth trajectory.
 So what is the current status of team at mobility?
 And as for UTI, which was launched in collaboration
 with Uber, can you provide us with some specific growth
 strategies on this recently launched business.
 Thank you very much for these questions.
 I'm going to answer your question regarding the schedule for the spinoff, and Hyeong-il
 will answer questions related to the team's mobility.
 The current analysis and analysis of the overall process is being examined.
 In the last half of this year, we are aiming to increase the number of people in this society.
 Currently, we are reviewing the overall process regarding the spin-off, and we aim to table
 the stream of plan to the board of directors within the first half of the year. In consideration
 of the board resolution process and the overall process for the spin-off and re-listing, we
 We believe that the re-listing can be completed within November after the general shareholders
 meeting in October.
 I am Hyeong-il Ha, Head of Corporate Center 2.
 I'd like to address your question,
 related to the status of business of team and mobility
 after the speed-off.
 Last December, the official launch of the T-Map Mobility was...
 Team app life platform.
 from the team, Mobility on Demand, Mobility as a Service,
 After officially launched in December last year, Tina Mobility is carrying out business
 in the four key areas, including the TMEB Life Platform,
 TMAP Auto, Mobility on Demand, and Mobility as a Service.
 our team at mobility by receiving 400 billion one of financial investments from financial
 and investors, and we have launched UTI in collaboration with Uber in order to offer
 for differentiated services centered around taxis.
 This is a plan to launch a subscription membership service that was not before in the team app life platform business area.
 and the B2C, which is the first and only vehicle in the industry,
 and is currently running the B2C-based B2C-based B2C-based B2C-based B2C,
 In the second quarter, we plan to introduce a completely new type of subscription membership
 services in the business area of team at life platform and we also plan to launch a driver
 on demand service as a pilot for B2C customers.
 We will provide a new service, which is currently being carried out as planned,
 These new services on the four core business areas will be launched as scheduled, which
 which are expected to provide differentiated customer experience.
 Now, I'd like to discuss the future strategy and the upcoming schedules for UTI.
 On April 1, Uber and Team Mobility announced the release of UTI.
 On April 1st, UTI was officially launched based on the joint investment of Uber and T-Map mobility.
 UTI is a plan to combine Uber taxi and team taxi at all-hours.
 to launch a new service.
 At the beginning of the year,
 taxi drivers and emergency taxi services
 In the second half of the year, UTI plans to launch a new service by combining Uber taxi
 and TMAP taxi.
 Initially, services will center around contracted taxi drivers and premium taxi services, but
 going forward, we plan to offer various mobile services and additional value edit services
 based on the taxi platform.
 Through this, you can choose a taxi that offers various brands and financial services.
 The taxi driver will be able to obtain the cost-effectiveness effect
 depending on the delivery service,
 As a result, customers will be able to have more options in terms of taxi rides depending
 on the brands, price plans and services and at the same time taxi drivers will benefit
 from these new services by increasing their sales through differentiated services and
 by reducing the time to drive around to spot customers.
 We're not really able to give you any more details today, but we will be sure to communicate
 them with the market when the services are ready.
 Thank you.
 The next person to ask questions is Kim Hye-jeul, who is on the other side of the street.
 in a minute or so.
 The next question will be provided by Huaijie Kim from Asian Securities.
 You have recently announced the first investment plan for the first 25 years.
 In December of 2019, the information we published was approved by the Premier League for $1.5 million and $5 million was released by the Premier League for $5 million.
 What is the plan for the first investment plan for 25 years that was announced this time?
 And I would like to ask you to explain to us where the first fund will be produced.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for this opportunity.
 I would like to ask two questions.
 The first question is related to your dividend policy.
 You mentioned that even though you start the quarterly dividend payout,
 the total amount of dividend payout will not go down.
 I'd like to know from when your quarterly dividend payout would begin, and what is the
 the overall dividend payout policy for the two companies
 after the spinoff.
 The second question is related to your investment plan
 and business plan for WAV.
 You mentioned that by 2025, you are going to receive
 a 1 trillion one of investment and you have various plans for WAVE, but this is quite
 different from what you mentioned previously when you're communicating with us regarding
 wave plan by 2023. So the amount of investment and the amount of revenue seems to have declined
 slightly, but when you are adjusting your target for 2025, so can you provide us with
 some color on what is your overall investment plan for WAVE, which you mentioned it's going
 to be around one trillion one and what is your revenue plan and schedule for
 ways going forward.
 Yes, thank you for your question.
 Thank you very much for your questions.
 I'm going to address your question regarding the dividend policy and Mr. Ha from Corporate
 Center 2 will address your question regarding WAVE.
 Even after the spin-off, we will continue to maintain the shareholder-friendly management
 principle. We will make sure that regardless of the spinoff, the surviving company's level
 And as Korea's number one fixed and wireless telecommunications company, as the rollout
 of 5G is accelerating, we believe that our operating income and the cash flow will be
 sustained going forward. As such, we will make sure that we have the shareholder return policy
 so that earnings growth will lead to increased shareholder returns, including dividend payouts.
 I will try to make a decision based on the theory of the move,
 At the annual general shareholders meeting, we created a basis for quarterly dividend payout,
 And after discussions at the board of directors, we will carry out this new dividend policy
 plan so that we can start paying out the quarterly dividend by starting from the end of second
 quarter.
 The timing for the quarterly payout for the first quarter has already passed, but this
 portion will be combined for the fourth quarter dividend payout so that we can maintain the
 the level of dividend payout to our shoulders
 to be at least same or similar to that of last year.
 In terms of investment expertise, the new policy will be recognized as a growth of investment portfolio,
 As for the spin-off company, which will become a specialized investment company, we will
 to make sure that there are growth potential
 of the investment portfolio will be recognized.
 and by actively attracting investment
 and pursuing IPOs, we'll make sure
 that the corporate value of these businesses
 will be rightly recognizing the market.
 As for the dividend policy of the new company, after the spin-off is finalized and after
 the Board of Directors is composed,
 we will be able to communicate to the market more details later.
 Co-pride E-2 Center長 하형일입니다.
 I am Hyung-il Lee, and I am a member of the U.S. Department of Foreign Affairs.
 I'm here, huh?
 of corporate center too. Let me first comment on the subscriber target and the revenue target of
 wave before 2023.
 up and the popularity of penthouse season two and as a result of the successful advertising
 with IU that began at the end of last year, Wave was able to enjoy the growth in its paid
 TV paid our subscribers by reaching 2 million within last year and this subscriber growth
 trend is continuing.
 continue to differentiate WAVE services based on content from terrestrial
 broadcasting stations and original content we believe that we can achieve the
 the initial target of having five million pay subscribers
 and the revenue of 500 billion won by 2023.
 and we believe that we can achieve this earlier
 than the original target.
 Wave 1.0.1.2.4.
 Let me now comment on the ways we want to secure 1 trillion won of investment for
 Wave.
 In March, WAVE made a release of the original content for the first week of 2015.
 In March, WAVE made an announcement of making an investment in original content, which is
 worth 1 trillion won, which will be done by 2025.
 as well as external investments and reinvestment of profits from content business.
 In terms of web investment, we have received an FI investment of $2,500 in 2019,
 and we are currently planning to fund the second one.
 As for raising external investments, we already received 200 billion won of financial investment
 in 2019, and we're now in the process of preparing for the second round of funding.
 As for this second round, as soon as details are prepared, we're going to communicate them
 with the market.
 Thank you.
 Thank you
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 ct 그룹의 이승현 님입니다.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question will be provided by Sean Lee from City Group. Please go ahead.
 Thank you for your question.
 I would like to ask you two questions.
 The first question is about security.
 Please tell me what kind of scenarios you are looking forward to.
 Then, the second is the M&O business.
 I wonder how much the Faiji investor is expecting until the end of the year.
 I know you expected about 9 million, but the number of people who joined the 1 minute meeting is quite large.
 Thank you for this opportunity.
 I would like to ask two questions.
 The first question is related to your security business.
 the ADT CABs and SK InfoSec were merged in the first quarter,
 So what's the current status and the operation
 of this merged entity and what kinds of synergy
 are you expecting from this merger?
 The second question is related to your M&O business.
 What is your 5G subscriber target by the end of this year?
 I understand that your initial target
 by the end of this year was 9 million,
 but there was a very big net act in the first quarter,
 So I'm asking this question.
 Thank you very much for your questions.
 I will answer your question first.
 Regarding the Agit-Caps Impose Synergy,
 I will address your question related to the 5G subscriber group's trend.
 And Mr. Ha from Corporate Center 2 will answer your question related to the security business.
 5G's new product release and continuous efforts to improve the quality of the service,
 As we have made continued efforts,
 as we have made continued efforts to offer new 5G products
 and improve the service quality of 5G services.
 and as we were improving the 5G ecosystem
 with new flagship handset launches.
 we were able to achieve the 5G subscriber number
 to 6.74 million by the end of this quarter compared to
 last year, so there was a net out of 1.26 million compared to the end of last year.
 I have told you that there are 900,000 people who want to join 5G.
 At the beginning of the year, we mentioned that our 5G subscriber target for this year
 was 9 million but considering the current trend we think that we can achieve even 10
 in the offered to satisfy various customer needs are expected to provide customers with
 more choices and reasonable prices thereby accelerating 5G migration.
 Let me now respond to your question regarding the synergy of ADP, CAPS, INFO, TAC, HAPB,
 and HAPB synergy.
 Let me now respond to your question regarding the synergy of ADT-CAPS and SK-INFO-SEC.
 Last March, ADT Caps and SK InfoSec have successfully completed the sum of taxes,
 We successfully completed the process of merging ADT Caps and SK InfoSec in March.
 As a result, we have successfully completed the process of merging ADT Caps and SK InfoSec
 of the merged ADT caps with the revenue size of 1.3 trillion
 one and EBITDA of $357 billion won.
 Yangtzea Boyuhan, INPRAMIT,
 Yangyang's結合을 기반으로 총합 시너지
 극대화를 위한 활동이
 본격적으로 시작되고 있어
 21년 연간 매출은 1.6조 원을
 달성할 전망입니다.
 Now various activities are underway in earnest in order to maximize energy from these two
 entities based on our infrastructure for security and various capabilities.
 We expect the annual revenue for 21 to be 1.6 trillion won.
 In addition, in order to become a global cloud security provider, we have set up a global
 cloud security provider.
 in order to become a global cloud security provider,
 we have signed an agreement to pursue strategic cooperation
 with Amazon AWS in April.
 from the customer perspective and product perspective.
 First of all, customer perspective, SK InfoSec,
 First of all, customer perspective, SK InfoSec has a large volume of B2B customers, including
 large enterprises, and ADC-CAB has B2C customers including small and medium enterprises and
 single businesses.
 And by completing these different customer segments,
 we can create cross-selling opportunities.
 On the side of the product, we are looking forward to the One Stop service, which is provided
 We look forward to a one-stop service
 From the product perspective, we are expected to provide customized one-stop services that
 combined physical security, information security, and building management as combined solutions.
 For instance, if when there is a cyber intrusion or detection of malicious malicious codes,
 we can do video analysis by utilizing the platform data
 and by leveraging on our Access Control system,
 we can detect any intruders to buildings and assets.
 and such flexible response will become more possible.
 Thank you.
 Are you waiting for a few minutes?
 Yes, I am waiting for two minutes.
 Yes, then I will finish with those two questions.
 Please proceed.
 Yes, sir.
 The next question will be provided by Neil Anderson from HSBC.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much and good afternoon.
 Just have one question, please, and it relates to the media business and the sequential improvement
 in operating margin in the first quarter.
 So for the three quarters last year, it was around 6.7%.
 and it's increased to 7.8% in the first quarter.
 So my question is how sustainable is that and what are your margin targets for this
 year?
 Thank you.
 I'm just gonna monitor it.
 Yes.
 Let me ask you a question.
 We hear a margin.
 It's a question about the margin.
 The last three minutes of the English margin was about 6.5%,
 and the second minute was about 7.8%.
 I'm going to go back to the previous slide.
 Neil Anderson, thank you very much for your question.
 We believe that there are various factors that have contributed to improvement in the operating
 margin of SQ broadband.
 First of all, there is a warning effect on the T-Broad convenience, and the second is
 that home shopping and delivery services are continuously increasing with the increase in
 the number of buyers.
 Thirdly, IPTV subscribers are increasing as well.
 So these various factors include the effect of the T-broad merger, that's the first factor.
 The second factor is the increase in the subscriber base and increase in the commission's income
 from home shopping broadcasting.
 The third factor is the continued increase
 in the IPTV subscriber base.
 And the final factor would be effective Cat-Bex implementation
 and cost efficiency.
 In the future, we will continue to improve our business with the continuous increase in the number of subscribers.
 Going forward, we will continue to make efforts to increase the subscriber base and carry out
 our business in a more efficient manner so that we can maintain and increase
 profitability of the media business.
 Thank you
 The next question will be provided by Stanley Yang from JB Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you for the last question.
 The first question is,
 You said that you are going to do a research on the new law.
 In the existing M&O law, you can maintain 10,000 won.
 The second question is, there is a high expectation of a subscription model launch.
 The second question is, I'm looking forward to the launch of the subscription model.
 I'm curious to see how many subscription models will be released today.
 Or will one of the combined subscription models be launched like Amazon Prime,
 and one of them will be covered by several services?
 And then, this is the existing M&O-based communication and communication business,
 I would like to know if you are participating in the event or are you participating in the event
 Thank you for this opportunity to ask questions.
 The first question is related to your dividend policy.
 mentioned that detailed decisions regarding the payout, the dividend policy for the spin
 of company will be made soon.
 But can I safely assume that given the MNO dividend payout
 level of 10,000 one per share.
 and in assuming that there will be dividend payout
 from the new spin-off company can we anticipate
 that the total amount of dividend payout
 from SK Telecom will increase going forward.
 The second question is related to your subscription business model.
 There are high expectations for subscription services, and I'd like to thank you for your
 to know if your subscription model will
 be to push several subscription models and services separately or to follow the model
 of Amazon where you have one single subscription platform
 where multiple services are provided.
 And if you continue to launch these new subscription services,
 Are they going to be linked with your MNO telecom subscribers,
 or are they going to be operated separately?
 Thank you for your question, Mr. Yang Seong-wook.
 I will answer questions about the delivery policy, and I will answer questions about the real
 Thank you very much for your questions.
 I'm going to respond to your question on the dividend policy and Han Myeong-jin, head of
 As for the first question on our dividend policy, your understanding is correct.
 The dividend payout from the MNO business as part of the surviving company will be similar
 or more than the previous level of dividend payout.
 And on top of that, we have not yet decided on the dividend policy of the spin-off company,
 But if they start to pay out dividend, it's going to be a plus alpha.
 As I said earlier, the movement of the new government is formed and talks about the delivery.
 As I mentioned earlier, when the Board of Directors is composed for the spin-off company and when
 discussions on the dividend policy are made,
 we're going to communicate them with the market.
 Yes.
 I am.
 I am Han Myung Jin, I'm behind of the subscription business
 then let me address your second question.
 As you may understand, we have many families in the United States,
 and we have many families in the United States.
 businesses under the ICT umbrella and there are many different services and
 products that we're preparing that will help enhance the likelihood of customers.
 Basically, as you said, it's like an Amazon Prime,
 We are offering a call-to-call service package.
 Basically, I can say that our model will be similar to Amazon Prime, where it will be
 where there will be an integrated subscription paradigm.
 In addition to that, we are planning to offer additional services and products for subscription.
 Okay.
 So we're planning to charge a monthly subscription fee for the subscription customers.
 Good.
 In terms of M&A communication and connection,
 As for your question regarding the connection with MNO services, we are currently planning
 this subscription platform to reach out to 50 million Korean population, so we're currently
 not considering any linkage between the subscription services and the MNO fees.
 Thank you.
 We would now like to close our conference call for the first quarter of 2021.
 Thank you.