 Hello, I'm SkyTalcom.
 IR 기획 담당 오중석입니다
 The conference call is SK Telecom CFO and Corporate One Center in
 yun풍영 센터장과
 Hiangil Cooperate to Center장이
 2021년 1분기 실적과 함께 향후 경영계획과 전략방향을 말씀드린 후
 GD 응답을 갖는 방식으로 진행되겠습니다.
 Good afternoon. I am Chung Seok Oh, Head of IR Planning at SK Telecom.
 Today's conference call will consist of the presentation on the earnings results for Q1 of 2021
 and the Future Management Plans and Strategic Direction by Ponyoung Yoon,
 CSO and head of Corporate Center One
 and 형일하, Head of Corporate Center 2, followed by a Q&A session.
 Today, achievements and strategic plans for MNO will be provided by
 Pungyong Yoon, head of Corporate Center One
 and 형일하, head of Corporate Center 2, will discuss that of the new ICT businesses.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you so much for watching.
 그럼 CFO에 말씀이 있겠습니다.
 Today's conference call will provide consecutive interpretation
 and we have with us executives
 from relevant business divisions
 to help deepen your understanding.
 Before we begin, we want to remind you that all forward-looking statements are subject to change
 depending on the macroeconomic and market situations.
 Let me now present our CFO.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Good afternoon.
 This is Pung Young Yoon, CFO of SK Telecom.
 First of all, let me express my appreciation to investors and analysts for their continued support.
 Thank you very much.
 On April 14, SK Telecom announced that it was reviewing a plan for a spin-off,
 which would result in a telecom company and a holding company with semiconductor and new ICT assets.
 The total cost of the new ICT has been able to ensure that the new ICT has been able to build a new project.
 We plan to use the spin-off to increase shareholder value and create the most optimal structures for telecom business and new ICT businesses respectively, thereby accelerating their growth.
 To fulfill the purpose of the spinoff, we completed the cancellation of Treasury shares worth $2.6 trillion in market value,
 which accounts for 10.8% of the total issued stocks.
 말씀드린 분할 계획이 주주가치를 최우선으로 고려한 방향이라는 점에 대해 투자자 및 시장과 충분한 공감대를 형성하였다고 생각합니다.
 The planned spin-off was designed to prioritize shareholder value
 and we believe that we have gained a good understanding
 of the investors and the market.
 We will carry out the plan with a strong conviction
 and make sure that all the necessary decisions
 are finalized
 within the first half of the year.
 here.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 Now let me discuss the consolidated earnings highlights for Q1 of 2021.
 2021년 1분기 연결 매출은 4조 7805억 원을 기록하였습니다.
 Thank you very much.
 Consolidated Revenue for Q1 of 2021 recorded 4,780,000,000,000,000.
 All business divisions enjoyed growth year-on-year, and media and safety and care posted a double-digit growth,
 marking a 7.4% year-on-year increase.
 but the figure declined 1.2% two-on-two due to the base effect of higher seasonal sales in Q4.
 Thank you very much.
 Consolidated operating income increased by 29% year-on-year and 17.4% two-on-two to post 388.8 billion won.
 MNO and media led the operating income improvement by achieving both revenue growth and cost efficiency.
 SNC and Commerce also contributed to earnings with their YOI growth in operating income.
 The price of the price is 5,720,000.
 SK하이닉스 지문법 영향과 SK와이번스 매각 이익으로 전년 동기 대비 86.9% 증가하였고 전문기 대비로는 54.2% 증가하였습니다.
 that. Net income
 recorded 572 billion
 posting an 86.9% growth year-in-year
 and a 54.2% growth Q-on-Q thanks to equity method income on SK Hynix and sales profit of SK Wyverns.
 Let me now discuss major achievements and strategic direction for each business.
 SK텔레콤 별도기준 1분기 MNO 매출은 전년 동기 대비 1.9%, 전분기 대비 1.4% 증가한 2조 9,807억 원을 기록하였습니다.
 Thank you very much.
 in the last year,
 the interest rate of 670.000 people
 and the interest rate of 670.000 people
 Non-consolidated MNO revenue for Q1 increased by 1.9% year-on-year
 and 1.4% Q1-2 to post 2,980,7 billion won.
 Celebrating the second anniversary of 5G on April 3rd,
 we saw the number of 5G subscribers reach 6.74 million as of the end of Q1
 and record the biggest quarterly net ads, thereby leading M&O revenue growth.
 M&O 영업이익은 3073억 원을 기록하였습니다.
 .
 M&O operating income posted 307.3 billion won, a 19% growth year-on-year, and a 33.1% growth Q-on-Q as the market stabilization trend continued.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 we introduced five new
 5G price plans
 to strengthen the 5G price options.
 They include three online-only on-tech plans that offer more benefits at lower prices
 and two additional 5GX plans at $69,001 and $79,001.
 We will continue to promote the transition to 5G services based on a variety of price plans that cater to diverse customer needs.
 Thank you very much.
 subscription services
 nearly pursued by MNO division are expanding
 partnerships and launching diverse
 subscription services for
 daily lives, including education,
 rental, and F&B.
 In the second half of the year, we plan to introduce an integrated subscription services
 based on a new subscription marketing platform
 where customers can enjoy optimal subscription life at reasonable prices.
 We're developing flagship products that will raise customers' expectations for subscription services.
 We will do our best to ensure high quality of these services.
 Moving on to media, SK Broadband's Consolidated Revenue recorded 967 billion won.
 With the T-Broad merger and IPTV subscriber growth, it rose by 17.6% year-on-year,
 but declined by 4.1% Q-on-Q due to the base effect of seasonal sales in Q4.
 Thanks to revenue growth and operational process improvements, operating income increased by 98.8% year-on-year
 and 12.6% Q&Q to record 75.4 billion won.
 Safety and Care Hub
 Thank you very much.
 3,505억 원을 기록하였습니다.
 Home 보안 및 융합보안
 Cloud 보안 등
 Thank you very much.
 As for safety and care business, with the merger of ADT CABs and SK InfoSec, we changed
 the name of the division from Security Division to Safety and Care Division to expand the
 group of prisoners.
 After the merger, the consolidated revenue, including ADT caps, recorded $350.5 billion won.
 It increased by 20.3% year-on-year thanks to the solid growth of new businesses
 such as home security, integrated security, and cloud security,
 but it declined 5.5% Q-on-Q due to the characteristic of safety and care business in which revenue tends to peak into Q4.
 The new businesses enjoyed both top-line growth and bottom-line improvement, resulting in
 the quarterly operating income of $27.8 billion, a 9.4% year-in-year, and 14.9% Q&Q increase.
 Comerce 사업은 매출은 2037억 원을 기록하였습니다.
 The new connecting trend is a 7% increase.
 automido gradually 성 diagrams In turn 1.3% should be reduced.
 Evening sentiment red destin다는 relatedapt 45% increase in market and
 1분기 마케팅 비용이 다소 증가했지만
 on the basis of the growth of the company's growth and growth.
 Commerce revenue posted 203.7 billion won.
 It increased by 7% year-on-year based on the continued contactless consumption trend
 but decreased by 9.3% Q&Q due to concentrated promotions in Q4, including the 11th-day event.
 Marketing expenses for 11th Street, NSK Store increased in Q1,
 but operating income maintained the BEP level thanks to volume growth.
 Next, Song Il-ha, Head of Corporate Center 2, will discuss the achievements and strategic direction for the new ICT businesses.
 Thank you.
 Good afternoon. I am Hongil Ha, Head of Corporate Center 2. Allow me to discuss the
 achievements and plans for the new
 ICT businesses.
 First of all, media software.
 First is the media business.
 and escape road band
 .
 The number of paid TV subscribers of SK Broadband stands at 8.69 million as of the end of Q1.
 SK Broadband
 1월 설립한
 MPP, Media S
 Thank you very much.
 and SMCNC with the whole program of the 70% of the program
 in other TV channels.
 Established by SK Broadband in January
 as a multiple program provider,
 Media S began regular broadcasting in April.
 In partnerships with Kakao Entertainment and SMCNC, 70% of the programs are exclusive
 content unavailable on other
 TV channels.
 SK Broadband will strengthen the value chain in the media business that encompasses content, channels, and platforms.
 waveforms.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 WAVE will further enhance competitiveness of original content, such as taxi driver, that is enjoying high viewer rating.
 We recently hired Chief Producer Chanho Lee, well-known for dramas such as Signal and Stranger, as Chief Content Officer.
 and we're in the process of establishing a content planning studio.
 다음은
 Safety and Care로 이름을 바꾼 보안사업부입니다.
 Next is the Security Division, which is renamed as Safety and Care Division.
 Last year, the ABT CAPS and SKINFORCEC
 The ABT CAPS and SKINFORCEC
 Thank you very much.
 Launched in March, the emerged entity of ADT CAPS and SK InfoSec will leap forward as Korea's number one integrated security company.
 In addition to achieving growth in the existing security domains, we will expand technology-based
 technology.
 business models in new security domains,
 such as securities for home, unmanned stores, and cloud.
 ADT-CAPS has recently partnered with AWS and cloud-based services for working with cloud-based services.
 Thank you very much.
 in terms of economic growth and economic growth.
 ADTCAP has recently signed an agreement to
 to cooperate with AWS for cloud security business.
 By combining ADT's cloud security services with AWS solutions,
 We will promote business together to gain market share in the financial and public sectors
 where there is high demand for transition to cloud.
 Also, ADT-CAPS will be completed in the process of the IPO.
 Also, we're in the process of selecting a lead underwriter for IPO of ADTCAPS,
 and we will do our best to prepare for the ideal.
 다음은
 Next is Commerce Business.
 Thank you very much.
 Transifying market competition, commerce achieved growth in both revenue and profitability year-on-year.
 11번가는 우정사업본부와 함께 제공하는 풀필먼트 서비스를 통해 오늘 주문 내일 도착 서비스를 시작하였습니다.
 Amore, 한국 P&G 등의 국내외 대표 브랜드들과 손잡고 생필품을 중심으로 인기 상품들을 판매하고 있습니다.
 11th Street started Order Today Delivered Tomorrow service through Fulfillment Service together with Korea Post.
 It is also selling popular products including daily necessities in partnerships with major domestic and global brands such as Amore and P&G Korea.
 In collaboration with Amazon, we are making preparations to allow customers to buy Amazon products on 11th Street.
 We plan to announce more details as soon as the service is ready to be launched.
 In addition to investment from Uber,
 T-Mem Mobility has received
 400 billion won of investments
 from financial investors
 the based-on valuation of 1.4 trillion won.
 TMAN Mobilityが Uber와 공동 투자하여 출범한 UTI는
 Thank you very much.
 UTI was launched through joint investment of T-Map Mobility and Uber,
 and its differentiated services are expected to offer customers more choices
 and provide drivers with more revenue.
 Thank you.
 Finally, let me move on to one store which is preparing for an IPO.
 With continued GMV growth for 11 consecutive quarters,
 one store received investments from KT and LG U+, thereby solidifying its position as Korea's representative at market.
 We acquired Rock Media and established a content studio as a joint venture with ES24,
 all of which are our efforts to secure K-Content IPs and develop them in a variety of formats.
 CFO께 다시 마이크를 넘기겠습니다.
 I will now hand it back to the CFO. Thank you.
 Thank you, Mr. Ha for your presentation.
 이번 분기 시장 컨센서스를 크게 상해하는 좋은 실적을 전달할 수 있어 기쁘게 생각합니다.
 Dear investors and analysts, we are pleased to have delivered earnings
 that exceeded the market consensus in this quarter.
 We announced a spin-off plan and canceled Treasury shares to enhance shareholder value.
 We also demonstrated that the fundamentals in all our businesses have been strengthened.
 I understand that many people want to know more about our dividend policy.
 After final decisions concerning the spin-off are made at the board in the first half of the year,
 We will share with you more details, including a decision on the quarterly dividend.
 성공적인 분할 추진을 위해 저희는 긴장의 끈을 놓지 않고 준비할 것이며
 We will continue to do our best for a successful spin-off.
 Let me reassure you that all the decisions we make will be to maximize shareholder value.
 Thank you so much for your support and support.
 We ask for your continued support and interest.
 Thank you.
 그럼 지금부터 Q&A 세션을 진행하도록 하겠습니다.
 Thank you.
 I will start the question.
 If you ask the question, 1 and 4 will press the button.
 1번과 4번을 누르신 순서대로 질문 기회를 드리겠습니다.
 If you have any questions, please press 1 and 4 if you have any questions.
 Questions will be taken according to the order you have pressed the number 1 and 4.
 Please pass 1 and 5 if you want to cancel your questions.
 The first question is from the 한국투자증권 of 오태완.
 The final question will be provided by Taiwan Oh from Korea Investment and Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you for your question.
 There are two main questions.
 First of all, Wave and Flow are not available to us.
 ...
 If you can share it with us, please share it with us.
 Thank you very much.
 And the second question is
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much for this opportunity.
 I would like to ask two questions.
 The first question is regarding the spin-off plan.
 wave and flow were not
 mentioned in your recent disclosure
 So I'd like to learn how these businesses and other subsidiaries will be divided
 between the surviving company and the spin-off company after the spin-off.
 The second question is related to your subscription service plan.
 You mentioned that in the second half of the year, you are going to launch an integrated subscription service.
 So can you provide us with some updates on your subscription service business plan?
 Yes.
 Thank you very much.
 Mr. Oh, thank you very much for your questions.
 First, the first question is where Wave Flooding is going to where to go.
 Let me first answer your question regarding where wave and flow will go after the spin-off.
ен 변요 준속법인은 유무선 통신 인프라를 결집해서
 AI 기반 구동 마케팅과 데이터 센터를 통해
 성장을 추구하는 AI 기반 인프라 컴퍼니로
 after the spin-off, the surviving company will grow as an AI-based
 the infra company by combining the fixed
 and wireless telecommunication infrastructure
 and pursuing growth based on AI-centered subscription marketing and data center business.
 غ사랍 단체, 라이프 플랫폼, 글로벌 테크 시딩 영역을 중심으로
 And the spin-off company will grow as an ICT investment company
 that is specialized in making aggressive investments
 in semiconductor life platforms
 and global tech seeding, thereby making various investments
 that will drive value up.
 Waveflow 등 미디어 콘텐츠 자산은 Live Platform 영역에 해당되며
 In your question, you asked about wave and flow.
 they belong to media and content assets
 thereby falling under the live platform area.
 So under the spin-off company, they will become global businesses that will lead new lifestyles of customers.
 As for the specific business portfolios of the surviving company and the spin-off company, these will be finalized at the board within the first half of the year.
 Let me now address your question regarding the subscription services.
 We have a lot of information about the subscription market.
 We have a lot of information about it.
 We have been accumulating know-how and expertise
 in the subscription market
 by utilizing our telecommunication services,
 We believe that MNO is very competitive
 in providing subscription services.
 Thank you very much.
 ...
 .
 In various areas such as telecommunications, media, and e-commerce, we have accumulated
 a lot of information.
 a large amount of data
 and we have the digital infrastructure
 they can cover product planning all the way to offering.
 And we also have marketing competitiveness
 in both online and offline channels.
 So, this is a way to make sure that customers are not only 5,000 million people on the side of the market,
 Can be done
 Based on such expertise and capabilities, we believe that we can produce a sizable revenue not only based on SK Telecom customers but also 50 million Korean people.
 Thank you very much.
 AI 기술에 기반한 상품 큐레이션 및 오퍼링을 준비하고 있습니다.
 Currently, we have been expanding the scope of subscription products to media, games, delivery, and education.
 and we're now in the process of developing product curation
 and offering based on AI technology
 in order to offer optimal packages for our customers.
 Also, in the past, we will be able to use the T-membership as a member of the T-membership.
 Furthermore, we are going to transform the existing team membership platform into a
 system.
 subscription marketing platform that is provided
 for entire population in Korea
 in the second half of the year.
 The subscription market in Korea was 49 trillion won in size last year, and it is expected to grow to 100 trillion won of market by 2025.
 Thank you very much.
 market share 20% 수준이 될 것으로 예상합니다.
 Our target for the subscription products and services is having the number of subscribers reach 35 million by 2025
 and achieve the revenue size of 1.5 trillion won by 2025
 by expanding partnerships and business models.
 I believe that we can take up about 20% of the market share
 of the subscription market that we can address.
 Thank you.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 삼성증권의 최민아 님입니다.
 Thank you very much for watching.
 The next question will be provided by Meena Choi from Samsung Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much for your question.
 My name is Hanson Jumbo.
 First of all, I have two questions.
 First is the 4th annual contract of the UNFACC
 and the UNFACC
 Thank you very much.
 최근 사업 현황에 대해
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much for this opportunity.
 opportunity, I would like to ask two questions.
 The first question is, in April, you made a disclosure that you will carry out the spinoff.
 and you mentioned that
 Decisions related to the spinoff will be made in the first half of this year.
 Can you share with us the upcoming schedule regarding the spinoff?
 The second question is related to the T-map mobility.
 Recently, you received financial investments, and I believe that T-Map Mobility will start
 to accelerate its growth trajectory.
 So what is the current status of T-Map Mobility?
 and as for UTI
 which was launched in collaboration with WUBER,
 can you provide us with some specific growth strategies
 on this recently launched business?
 Thank you very much for these questions.
 I'm going to answer your question regarding the schedule for the spin-off, and
 the Hyeong-il-ha will answer your question.
 answer questions related to the T-net mobility.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 We are reviewing the overall process regarding the spin-off
 and we aim to table the spin-off plan
 to the Board of Directors within the first half of the year.
 in consideration of the board resolution process
 and the overall process for the spin-off and relisting,
 We believe that the relisting can be completed within November after the general shareholders meeting in October.
 Over.
 Thank you.
 I am Hyeongil Ha, Head of Corporate Center 2.
 I'd like to address your question related to the status of business of T-Map Mobility after the split-off.
 T-map Mobility
 After officially launched in December last year,
 TMA Mobility is carrying out business in the four key areas,
 including the T-MAP Life Platform, T-MAP Auto, Mobility on Demand, and Mobility as a Service.
 the foundation for team mobility by receiving 400 billion won of financial investments from
 financial investors, and we have
 launched UTI in collaboration
 with Uber in order to offer
 differentiated services centered around taxis.
 2nd year, T-MAP Life Platform 사업 영역에서
 Thank you very much.
 In the second quarter, we plan to introduce a completely new type of subscription membership services
 in the business area of T-MEP Life Platform,
 and we also plan to launch a driver-on-demand service as a pilot for B2C customers.
 These new services on the four core business areas will be launched as scheduled,
 which are expected to provide differentiated customer experience.
 Now, I'd like to discuss the future strategy and the upcoming schedules for UTI.
 Thank you very much.
 In the second half of the year,
 UT plans to launch a new service by combining Uber Taxi and T-Map Taxi.
 Initially, services will center around contracted taxi drivers and premium taxi services,
 but going forward, we plan to offer
 various mobile services and additional
 value-added services based on the taxi
 platform.
 Thank you.
 As a result, customers will be able to have more options in terms of taxi rides depending on the brands, price plans, and services.
 And at the same time, taxi drivers will benefit from these new services by increasing their sales through differentiated services
 and by reducing the time to drive around to spot customers.
 We're not really able to give you any more details today,
 but we will be sure to communicate them with the market when the services are ready.
 Thank you.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 대신증권의 김혜재 님입니다.
 The next question will be provided by
 Hwe Jae Kim from Taishin Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 .
 So, the total amount is not going to be expected to be expected.
 The total amount of time would be when we start.
 Thank you very much.
 19년 12월에 2000억 원 투자 위치하면서 발표했던 내용은
 free money to 1조 원의 가치를
 in the past, and in 2023,
 the year of the year,
 Thank you very much.
 And how do you create a new project?
 감사합니다.
 Thank you for this opportunity.
 I would like to ask two questions.
 questions.
 The first question is related to your dividend policy.
 policy. You mentioned that
 even though you start the
 quarterly dividend payout, the total amount of
 dividend payout will not go
 down. I'd like to know from
 when your quarterly dividend payout would begin
 and what is the overall dividend payout policy
 for the two
 companies after the spinoff.
 The second question is related to your investment plan and business plan for WAVE.
 You mentioned that
 by 2025 you are
 are going to receive $1 trillion of investment
 and you have various plants for WAVE,
 but this is quite different from what you mentioned previously
 when you're communicating with us
 regarding wave plan by 2023.
 So the amount of investment
 and the amount of revenue seems to have declined slightly
 when you are adjusting your target for 2025.
 five. So can you provide us with
 some color on what is your overall
 investment plan for WAVE, which you
 mentioned is going to be around $1,000,000,000
 and what is your revenue plan
 and schedule for ways going forward.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much for your questions.
 I'm going to address your question regarding the dividend policy,
 and Mr. Ha from Corporate Center 2
 will address your question regarding WAVE.
 Even after the spin-off, we will continue to maintain the shareholder-friendly management principle.
 We will make sure that regardless of the spin-off,
 the surviving company's level of dividend payout
 will be at least similar to that of last year.
 Thank you very much.
 IDF number one fixed and wireless telecommunications company
 As the rollout of 5G is accelerating,
 we believe that our operating income and the cash flow will be sustained going forward.
 As such, we will make sure that we have the shareholder return policy so that earnings
 growth will lead to increased shareholder returns,
 including dividend payouts.
 Thank you very much.
 At the annual general shareholders meeting, we created a basis for quarterly dividend payout.
 And after discussions at the Board of Directors, we will carry out this new dividend policy plan
 so that we can start paying out the quarterly dividend by starting from the end of second quarter.
 Yeah.
 I'm sorry.
 That's it.
 I'm sorry.
 Thank you very much.
 The timing for the quarterly payout
 for the first quarter
 has already passed
 but this portion will be combined
 for the fourth quarter dividend payout
 so that we can maintain the level of dividend payout
 to our shoulders to be at least
 same or similar to that of last year?
 Thank you very much.
 as for the spin-off company
 which will become a specialized investment company
 We will make sure that their growth potential of the investment portfolio will be recognized.
 and by actively attracting investment and pursuing IPOs
 will make sure that the corporate value
 of these businesses
 will be rightly recognizing the market.
 먼저 신설법임의 배당정책에 대해서는 분할이 결의되고
 The new company's dividend policy, after the dividend policy of the new company,
 after the spin-off is finalized
 and after the board of directors is composed,
 we will be able to communicate to the market more details later.
 Corporate E2 Center장 하형일입니다.
 WAVE 23년
 Thank you very much.
 I am Hyeong-il Ha, head of Corporate Center 2.
 Let me first comment on the subscriber target and the revenue targets of WAVE before 2023.
 The Wave is the original content release, the content release, the Penthouse Season 2, the last year we started on IU's show.
 Thank you very much.
 As we increase the original content line-up
 and the popularity of Penthouse Season 2.
 and as a result of the successful
 advertising with IU
 that began at the end of last year,
 WAVE was able to enjoy the growth
 and it's paid subscribers by reaching 2 million
 within last year.
 and this subscriber growth trend is continuing.
 Wave is a content with original content,
 2023년, 유료 가입자 500만 명, 매출 5,000억 원 목표에 보다 빠르게 도달할 수 있을 것으로 예상하고 있습니다.
 As we continue to differentiate wave services based on content from terrestrial broadcasting stations
 and original content, we believe that we can achieve the initial target of having 5 million
 patients.
 subscribers, and the revenue of
 500 billion won by
 2023 and we believe
 that we can achieve this earlier than
 the original target.
 WAVE 1조원 투자 자금 확보 방안에 대해 말씀드리겠습니다.
 Let me now comment on the ways we want to secure 1 trillion won of investment for WAVE.
 Thank you very much.
 In March, Wave made an announcement of making an investment in original content,
 which is worth 1 trillion won, which will be done by 2025.
 SK텔레콤 유상증자 1,000억원 등 기존에 확보된 자금을 비롯하여
 the financial sources for these investments will come from a variety of sources, including the rights offering of 100 billion won of Eski Telecom,
 as well as external investments and reinvestment of profit from content business.
 Web 투자 유치 관련해서는 19년에 2천억 원의 FI 투자를 받은 바 있고 현재 2차 펀딩을 계획 중에 있습니다.
 As for raising external investments, we already received 200 billion won of financial investments in 2019, and we are now in the process of preparing for the second round of funding.
 As for this second round, as soon as details are prepared,
 we're going to communicate them with the market.
 Thank you.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 시티그룹의 이승현 님입니다.
 The next question will be provided by Sean Lee from Citigroup.
 City Group. Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much for your question.
 I have two questions.
 First, it's a system of security.
 The first one is a system of security.
 ADDCAPS와 SKIMPORTSEC가
 현황, 그리고 어떻게 운영되고 있는지
 And what we need to do is
 So how do you think about the synergy and the synergy?
 The second one is M&O.
 5G 가입자를
 the end of the year, the end of the year, the end of the year, in the end of the year,
 This is usually about 900 million dollars, but
 1분기에 가입자 순종 규모가 상당히 커서
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you for this opportunity.
 I would like to ask two questions
 The first question is related to your security business.
 The ADT CAHPS and SK InfoSec were merged in the first quarter.
 so what's the current status
 and the operation of this merged entity
 and what kinds of synergy
 are you expecting from this merger?
 The second question is related to your MNO business.
 what is your 5G subscriber target
 by the end of this year.
 I understand that your initial target by the end of this year was $9 million, but there was a very big net ask in the first quarter, so I'm asking this question.
 Yes, CTV Group's Isung연 의원님,
 Thank you very much for your questions.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 I will address your question related to the 5G subscriber growth trend
 and Mr. Ha from Corporate Center 2
 will answer your question
 related to the security business.
 5G 신규 상품 출시와 서비스 품질 향상에 지속적으로 노력한 가운데
 Thank you very much.
 As we have made continued efforts to offer new 5G products and improve the service quality of 5G services,
 and as we were
 improving the 5G ecosystem with new flagship handset launches, we were able to achieve
 of 5G
 subscriber number to 6.74 million by the end of this quarter compared to last year so there was a net
 out of 1.26 million compared to the end of last year.
 Let's look at the 21st year of 5G, which is about 900 million people.
 At the beginning of the year, we mentioned that our
 Our 5G subscriber target for this year was 9 million,
 but considering the current trend,
 we think that we can achieve even 10 million.
 Yes.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 5G 신규 요금제와 언택트 플랜이 고객의 선택권 확대와 합리적 가격으로
 5G Migration을 촉진할 것으로 기대하고 있습니다.
 The new tariff schemes for 5G and on-tech price plans that SK Telecom has recently offered
 to satisfy various customer needs are expected to provide customers
 with more choices and reasonable prices,
 thereby accelerating 5G migration.
 Thank you.
 Let me now respond to your question regarding the synergy of ADT CAPS and SK InfoSec.
 Thank you very much.
 We successfully completed the process
 of merging ADT-CAPS and SK-Infosec in March.
 As a result, we have the merged ADT caps
 with the revenue size of 1.3 trillion won
 and EBITDA of 357 billion won.
 Mr 양사 보유한 인프라 및 역량의 결합을 기반으로
 총합 시너지 극대화를 위한 활동이 본격적으로 시작되고 있어
 21년 연간 매출은
 1.6조 원을 달성할 전망입니다.
 Now various activities are underway in earnest in order to maximize synergy from these two
 entities based on our infrastructure for security and various capabilities.
 We expect the annual revenue for 21 to be 1.6 trillion won.
 Also, Global Cloud Boat 전문기업으로 도약하기 위해
 In addition, in order to become a global cloud security provider,
 we have signed an agreement to pursue strategic cooperation with Amazon AWS in April.
 3.
 4.
 5.
 I can discuss the effect of synergy from the customer perspective and product perspective.
 First of all, the customer is a large enterprise center of SK InfoSec B2B customer and SME, SOHO center of ADTCAPS B2C customer.
 First of all, from the customer perspective, SK InfoSec has a large volume of B2B customers, including large enterprises,
 and ADC Cavs has B2C customers including small and medium enterprises and single businesses.
 And by combining these different customer segments, we can create cross-selling opportunities.
 Please.
 We are looking for a product-based service, a product-based service, and a product-based service service.
 From the product perspective, we are expected to provide customized one-stop services
 that combine physical security, information security,
 and building management as combined solutions.
 For example, cyber-credits, a platform-credits, and a platform-credits,
 Thank you very much.
 For instance, if when there is a cyber intrusion or detection of malicious codes,
 we can do video analysis
 by utilizing the platform data
 and by leveraging on our access control system,
 we can detect any intruders to buildings and assets.
 and such flexible response
 will become more possible.
 Thank you.
 네, 그러면 마지막으로 그 두 분 질문 받고 끝내겠습니다.
 진행해 주세요.
 Yes, I will.
 The next question will be provided by Neil Anderson from HSBC.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much and good afternoon
 just have one question please
 and it relates to the media business.
 and the sequential improvement in operating margin in the first quarter.
 So for the three quarters last year, it was around 6.7%,
 and it's increased to 7.8% in the first quarter.
 So my question is how sustainable is that
 and what are your margin targets for this year?
 Thank you.
 I'm just going to monitor.
 I'm going to ask you a question about the media margin.
 The 0.5% margin is about 6.5% and the 0.5% margin is about 7.8%
 Yes.
 Thank you very much.
 Neil Anderson, thank you very much for your question.
 We believe that there are various factors that have contributed to improvement in the operating margin of SK broadband.
 First of all, T-Broad
 Thank you very much.
 세 번째로 IPTV 가입자 역시 지속 증가하고 있고
 The result is a result of the cost of the savings and the cost of the cost of the cost.
 So these various factors include the effect of the T-broad merger.
 That's the first factor.
 The second factor is the increase in the subscriber base
 and increase in the commission's income
 from home shopping, broadcasting.
 The third factor is the continued increase in the IPTV subscriber base.
 And the final factor would be effective capex
 implementation and cost efficiency.
 앞으로도 지속적인 가입자 증가와 함께 효율적인 운영을 통해 영업 실적을 지속적으로 개선할 수 있도록 노력하겠습니다.
 Going forward, we will continue to make efforts to increase the subscriber
 based and carry out our business
 in a more efficient manner so that we can maintain
 and increase profitability of the media business.
 Thank you.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 JP Morgan의 스탠리 양님입니다.
 Good night.
 The next question will be provided by Stanley Yang from J.B. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Q.
 The first question is
 Thank you very much.
 and if the system is in the future, if the system is in the future,
 best interest rate
 for you
 I
 love
 us
 I
 Thank you very much.
 launch
 ,
 I can't wait to see the new model.
 So, this is a program called the
 Launching of the MFs.
 .
 M&O
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you for this opportunity to ask questions.
 The first question is related to your dividend policy.
 You mentioned that detailed decisions regarding the payout, the dividend policy for the spin-off company will be made soon.
 but can I safely assume that given the MNO dividend payout level of 10,000 won per share
 and in a
 In assuming that there will be dividend payout from the new spin-off company,
 can we anticipate that the total amount of dividend payout from SK Telecom will increase going forward?
 The second question is related to your subscription business model.
 There are high expectations for subscription services, and I'd like to know if your subscription
 model would be to push several subscription models and services separately or to follow
 the model of Amazon
 where you have one single subscription platform
 where multiple services are provided.
 and if you continue to launch these new subscription services,
 are they going to be linked with your MNO telecom subscribers
 or are they going to be operated separately?
 J.P. Morgan's 양성욱 의원님 질문 감사드립니다.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much for your questions.
 I'm going to respond to your question on the dividend policy,
 and Han Myung Jin, Head of Subscription Service Company, will answer the second question.
 대당과 관련해서는 위원님께서 이해하신 바가 맞습니다.
 As a result, MNO's tax regime will be designed to be a bill of tax over the years.
 The other thing is that the law has been in the past.
 The law has been in the past.
 Thank you very much.
 As for the first question on our dividend policy,
 Your understanding is correct.
 The dividend payout from the MNO business as part of the surviving company will be similar
 or more than the previous level of dividend payout.
 And on top of that, we have not yet decided on the dividend policy of the spin-off company,
 But if they start to pay out dividend, it's going to be a plus alpha.
 Thank you very much.
 As I mentioned earlier, when the Board of Directors is composed for the spin-off company
 and when discussions on the dividend policy are made,
 we're going to communicate them with the market.
 it.
 Yes.
 Two more questions.
 Thank you very much.
 I am Han Myung Jin.
 I'm the head of the subscription business, and let me address your second question.
 Thank you.
 As you may understand, we have many family businesses under the ICT umbrella,
 and there are many different services and products that we're preparing
 that will help enhance the likelihood of customers.
 Yes, sir.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Basically, I can say that our model will be similar to Amazon Prime,
 where there will be an integrated subscription paradigm.
 In addition to that, we are planning to offer additional services and products for subscription.
 So we're planning to charge a monthly subscription fee for the subscription customers.
 MNO통신조금과 연계에 대해서는
 Thank you very much.
 As for your question regarding the connection with MNO services,
 we are currently planning this
 subscription platform to
 to reach out to 50 million Korean population.
 So we're currently not considering any linkage between the subscription services and the MNO fees.
 Thank you.
 이상으로 2021년 1분기 실적에 대한 컨퍼런스 콜을 마치도록 하겠습니다.
 We would now like to close our conference call for the first quarter of 2021.
 Thank you.