 Good morning. My name is Cherie, and I will be your conference operator today.
 At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the GasLog Partners 4th Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call.
 All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.
 After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 On today's call are Paolo Anozi, Chief Executive Officer, and Akalaias Pesciulis, Chief Financial Officer.
 Joseph Nelson, head of
 investment
 relations? Will you begin your
 conference?
 Good morning or good afternoon, and thank you for joining the GasLive Partners fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 For your convenience, this webcast and presentation
 are available on the Investor Relations section
 of our website
 www.gaslogmlp.com
 where Replay will also be available.
 Please now turn to slide two of the presentation.
 Many of our remarks contained forward-looking statements.
 For factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking
 statements, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release. In addition, some of our
 remarks contain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. A reconciliation of these
 measures is included in the appendix to this presentation.
 Palo will begin today's call with a review of the partnership's fourth quarter and full year highlights,
 following which Achilleus will walk you through the partnership's financials.
 Paolo will then provide an update on the LNG shipping and LNG commodity markets.
 We will then take questions on the partnership's fourth quarter.
 With that, I will now turn it over to Paolo Anoisi, CEO of Gaslog Partners.
 partners.
 thank you joe and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call from a
 that is snowy Athens. Please turn to slide four for gas will pause in fourth quarter
 and full year 2021 highlights.
 complete the report in another quarter of strong operational and financial performance for this
 partnership.
 Thank you.
 The fleet performed at approximately 100% availability in the fourth quarter and for all of 2021,
 despite the ongoing challenges created by COVID-19.
 Our focus on cost control, along with the strengthening childhood market last year,
 so stable cash generation and improved profitability.
 We repurchase another six menus of our preference units in the open market, bringing the total
 repurchased in 2021 to $18 million.
 And finally, we retired another $17 million of debt
 During the quarter, bringing the total to $108 million for 2021.
 Turning to slide five and a summary of our financial performance in 2021.
 As you can see from the charts on this slide, we charting four of our vessels on a
 page.
 good terms along with our
 strategy of reducing our debt
 and loveling our cost base,
 improve our profitability.
 Despite a 2% decline in revenue last year relative to 2020, our profitability increased 8%.
 As noted on our last call, our capital allocation for 2022 will continue to focus on debt repayment
 and reducing the break-even rates of our fleets
 will improve its cash flow capacity.
 capacity.
 Turning to slide 6, which summarizes our operational upside to the strong shipping market.
 As you can see from the chart on the left, the partnership has a balanced Charter portfolio.
 Our fixed shelter coverage, shown in dark blue, more than covers our fixed expanses through at least 2022.
 Meanwhile, our open days shown in light gray display a significant leverage to the tight
 You'll know if you also have a
 but we also have one that's on the bookmark
 and link contact, which will also benefit
 from higher spot rates.
 Our chartering team did a great job in fixing through the seasonal lows of quarter one.
 The majority of our open dates for 2022 are in the seasonally strong period of the year.
 And every $10,000 per day of revenue earned above our operating and overhead expenses
 will generate an incremental $30 million of EBITDA for the partnership.
 With that, I'll hand over to Achilles to take you through the partnership quarter four financials.
 Thank you, Paolo.
 turning to slide 8
 and the partnerships financial results for the first quarter.
 As Paolo mentioned earlier, our financial performance in Q4 2021 improved significantly
 from both the third quarter of 2021, as well as fourth quarter of 2020.
 Specifically, revenues for the fourth quarter were 88 million, a 4% improvement from the
 fourth quarter of 2020.
 The revenue improved year-over-year is primarily due to the four new term charter agreements
 that we signed in the second half of 2021.
 Adjusted EBITDA was $64 million, an increase of 9% from the fourth quarter of 2020, while
 adjusted earnings
 was
 45 cents per unit.
 The significant improvements in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS were aided by the improved
 revenue performance, our ongoing cost control initiatives, and in addition, in terms of DPS,
 the lower interest expenses due to declining debt balances, and the preference sales buybacks
 that reduce the preference airs distributions.
 Looking forward, the partnership has charter coverage of 100% in the first quarter of 2020
 and 76% shutter coverage for all of 2022.
 In addition, we have no sketch of dry dock in this year which provides good cash flow
 visibility.
 slide 9 and a look at our cost base.
 Our overhead expenses for 2021 were approximately in line with our averages for the full year
 and the guidance we gave on our last call.
 As we look toward 2022, we expect our unit operating expenses to average $13,700 per vessel per day,
 while we expect our overhead expenses to average $3,200 per vessel per day.
 The significant decline in our operating expenses for 2022 is due to a reduction in the management fee
 we will be paying to our parent GasLoc ATD effective on January 1, 2022,
 as well as no dry docking expenses for the year.
 Disload Operating Costs
 are offset by higher overhead expenses primarily related to an increase in the administrative
 service fee to GasLoc LTD, effective from January 1, 2022, as well as to direct public
 company expenses, which were
 previously said
 between
 that
 local TV and just
 public
 company expenditures are now born by the partnership alone following our parents take
 private transaction last year.
 Our overall cost base has been declining significantly over the last several years.
 Specifically, our unit OPEX declined by 9% since 2019, and our unit GNA declined by 10% as compared with our 2022 guidance.
 Fully absorbing all the one, of course, associated with COVID-related disruption and the changes in the gas-locked group mentioned above.
 As we have previously stated, we continue to look for ways to reduce our cost base further.
 Slide 10 shows the partnerships debt balances and balances metrics as well as the progress
 we have made towards our leveraged targets in 2021.
 partnership balance
 it remains robust.
 The partnership ended the fourth quarter with 146 million of cash-in-cash equivalents.
 Our Capital Allocation Priorities since 2020
 have focused on the reducing
 our leverage and cost base.
 Last quarter, we presented our target leverage metrics, which you can find on the left side of this slide.
 I'm pleased to say that we have made progress
 towards these goals in 2021, despite the non-cash impairment charts of 104 million we took in
 the fourth quarter related to our five-steamed turbine
 Ellen Zikaria's book values.
 Specifically, we retired approximately $108 million of debt during 2021, which reduced
 of debt to total capitalization
 to 54% from 56 in the fourth quarter of 2020 when combined with our 146 million of cash
 on the balance sheet, I'll net there to
 capitalization has been induced to 47% by the end of the fourth quarter from 51% at the end of 2020.
 In addition, our net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA has declined to 4.3 times.
 We expect to continue strengthening our balance sheet, beginning with the scheduled
 retirement of approximately
 114 million of debt and
 these liabilities in 2022,
 which is covered by our contracted cash flow over this period.
 Reducing debt balances will reduce the partnership's cash flow break-even levels over time, improving
 it.
 the competitiveness of our fleet.
 We believe that prioritizing debt reduction supports the partnership's future growth in equity value and enhances the overall shareholders' value.
 Slide 11 discusses the partnerships,
 Preference Unit Repurchase Program, which supports our
 strategic effort to reduce our cost base.
 During the fourth quarter, we repurchased a total of approximately 6 million of our Series B and Series C preference units in the open market, breaking our total for 2021 to approximately 18 million.
 Our repurchases to date were at an average price of $25 per unit, which is their par value.
 These repurchases reduce preference unit distributions by approximately 1.5 million on an annual
 basis. We expect to continue
 which is the open market as conditions dictate.
 With that, I will turn it over to Paolo to discuss the LNG commodity and LNG shipping market.
 Thank you, Achilles.
 Turning now to slide 13.
 Thank you.
 44 term charters greater than six months in quarter 4, 2021.
 helping to set a new annual record of 165 term charters for 2021.
 one. The high level of
 child-saving observed last year was
 in response to strong energy demand.
 tall mile growth, and logistical bottlenecks around the world.
 This dynamic along a wide arbitrage for delivering energy to Asia from the United States did
 much of 2021 led our customers and others to seek term coverage and security of shipping capacity.
 On the right chart, you'll know that headline spot rates have declined in recent weeks.
 Although headline spot rates have inflected lower, now around 28,500 per day, it isn't unusual for spot rates to decline as we approach the end of the northern hemisphere winter.
 Despite the decline in spot rates,
 term rates are relatively firm,
 as the one-year time charter rate is currently assessed at $87,000 per day, according to Clarkson's.
 This is indicative of Charter's expectations for a tight market in the months ahead.
 In addition, the forward curve for energy spot rates indicates rising rates through the rest of 2022.
 At a result of these fundamental drivers and frictional challenges, we expect the energy
 Chikazia spot market to continue to perform strongly through the next winter, as I'll
 discuss over the next several slides.
 Slide 14 presents LNG demand and supply during Quarter 4, 2021.
 Energy demand increased 8% in the fourth quarter of 2021 relative to the fourth quarter of 2020,
 according to Poland, as shown by the left-hand figure.
 Demand from Europe was strong in the fourth quarter.
 A combination of over-reliance on renewables, low storage inventory, and lower than anticipated impulse from Russia and Norway
 Put it in the air.
 demand for energy resulting in record high prices in the region, underscoring the need
 for natural gas and LNG as a transition fuel in the evolving energy landscape.
 On the supply side, U.S. production rose by over 28 year-on-year to 19 million tons due
 to less unplanned downtime
 and that I'm popping production from the third train
 in the Freeport, Cameron, and Coppus Christi LNG facilities.
 This continued, a theme we witnessed throughout 2021.
 U.S. production increases met global demand growth for natural gas.
 The shipping-intensive nature of BS Supply relative to end-user
 in India is a very important part of the market.
 Asia and Europe, has propelled my growth up to 16% in 2021, more than twice that of the
 demand of the commodity.
 Slide 15 shows significant cost increases for natural gas in Asia and Europe since Q4, 2020.
 The past few months have highlighted the dangers of lack of infrastructure investment in gas,
 which we can observe by noting the E.coli energy prices in Asia and Europe shown on this figure.
 In recognition of these energy qualities, the European Commission is now considering
 adding gas and nuclear power to the green taxonomy.
 This would accomplish the goal of reducing emissions from degeneration of electricity,
 while also securing steady and competitive supply of energy.
 LNG is the most versatile source of gas, given its destination flexibility,
 and will be needed in the long term as it provides a stable platform for the transition to renewables.
 High absolute gas prices around the world should ensure high level of
 liquidification utilization.
 while the potential for a widening arbitrage between producers in the U.S. and consumers in Asia
 will have the additional benefit of lanterns on mild demand.
 In addition, Europe is anticipated to exit this winter with historically low intensity of natural gas.
 This, again, has the potential to drive additional demand for LNG for inventory and restocking.
 Slide 16 displays the LNG carrier order book and delivery schedule, according to PODEN.
 There are 151 LNG caters in the order book at present, but about 25% of underwater fleets.
 Over 80% of the other book has secured multi-year employment.
 In addition, the number of scheduled deliveries in 2022 are less than half those delivered in 2021.
 and there are no unfixed vessel schedules this delivery in year.
 Due to increasing demand for container ship and other merchant vessels,
 Delivery time for the new building older today at approximately three years.
 making the airless steady weight time in the first half of 2025.
 competition for bird slots at the yard
 as well as cost inflation
 have also pushed prices
 well above 210 million, up at least 10% over the last year.
 Slide 17 illustrates our view of shipping supply and demand through the end of 2023.
 The man is partly based on the number of vessels needed to export 1 million ton of LNG per
 expressed as a Shipping Multiplier.
 This analysis does not assume any vessel scrapping, although there are currently 20 vessels, or about 3% of the global fleet over the age of 30, and we saw nine vessels scrapped in 2021.
 Although there's a relatively strong addition to global shipping capacity,
 we anticipate that the growth of inter-Basin trading
 and likely a survey to the cycling of all the tonnage.
 will more than offset the scheduled deliveries over the next couple of years,
 Projecting a relatively tight L&C shipping market through 2022 and 2023.
 be.
 turning to slide 18 and in summary.
 I'm very pleased with the overall operation.
 safety results, as well as the partnership
 financial achievement for Q4 2021 and for the full year as well.
 This latest energy crisis has once more shown the pivotal importance of energy as cleaner
 fuel to supply the current energy need
 and enable a sustainable
 transition to a carbon-free future.
 Our fleet is well positioned to the upside of this increase in demand for LNG
 and a tight shipping market expected in 2022 and the years to come.
 And we've made good progress on a capital allocation strategy
 with continuous deleveraging and opportunistic repurchase of preference units in the open market,
 creating
 equity value to the unit holders.
 Finally, the partnership increasing competitiveness
 and strengthening balance sheet
 allows us to evaluate opportunities for growth and fleet modernization.
 immunization.
 With that, I'd like to open calls for questions.
 Thanks for listening.
 See you later.
 Thank you.
 To ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 To withdraw your question, press the pound key.
 Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster.
 Our first question will come from Randy Gibbons with Jeffries.
 Jeffrey, please go ahead.
 Amen.
 Mr. Gibbons, your line is open.
 Please go ahead.
 howdy gentlemen
 How's it going?
 hi
 Hi, Andy.
 It's good.
 Hey, hey.
 so I guess
 first question
 just looking at your fleet
 You know, you have a handful of vessels coming open, a few TFDE, a few steam.
 how soon do you plan on securing
 charter for those and then
 Will the likely duration be one year?
 and then specifically for the steamships
 What are your thoughts on Employment Day for 2022 and 2023?
 Thank you, Andy, for the question.
 yes indeed we have
 vessels that are
 you know, being open and important there, too.
 We're actually quite comfortable in the 22 charter coverage.
 I mean, we are covered 76%, and our portfolio is quite balanced.
 We see opportunities in the opening of the vessels in quarter two and in quarter three ahead of the winter.
 And we expect a high level of LNG movement, both in terms of capacity and in terms of shipping demand.
 We see, as we mentioned before, we actually see that the term market is remaining quite strong,
 even in the doldrums of the COVID-19 one.
 So I think there's no indication that we will not be able to play a portfolio approach
 and actually fix the vessels throughout quarter two and quarter three,
 much like we've done last year.
 Got it. And then in terms of STEAM employment, you know, 23 and beyond?
 But I think for the Steams, we actually see similar dynamics as we've seen for the TFTEs.
 Term markets seems to be the most interesting thought.
 there are many
 both and
 operator that seems to favor
 steam vessels over others.
 some terminals are actually only accepting
 this size and type of vessels.
 and I think we have
 really no indication that it's going to be
 otherwise for the steam vessels than it is for
 the TFPEs. Whether we will be
 able to find longer terms
 than one year is yet to be seen.
 But I think the indications for other traveling that has been done for similar vessels have also seen, you know, terms exceeding the one year.
 So we're quite confident on that as well.
 Got it.
 All right, and then in terms of balance sheet and capital allocation, could we see some additional sale leasebacks in the near term, and what would that incremental cash proceeds be used for, right?
 You purchased, I think it was $6 million of preference or preferred units during the quarter,
 about $18 million during the year.
 So as you look at 22, could additional repurchases there be a use of cash?
 Yes, this is Achilles, Randy.
 you are
 Bye-bye.
 We'll see you next time.
 with the
 improved
 We have an improved liquidity position.
 So we will look for additional repurchases on an opportunity for us to be able to do
 basis.
 We have been buying back 18 million of preps at par, which is a good deal, I think.
 There is the first series of apprefs is callable in early 2023, so that we don't really have
 any reason to pay much
 above part to buy back
 so I will keep an eye on that
 I wanted to reiterate our capital allocation strategy, that we are focusing on the debt
 repayment and the break-even reductions, which actually improves the equity value of our
 story.
 And in terms of the silent leadbacks, we will see.
 I mean, we don't really need the incremental liquidity.
 It is a strategy that we did a TFD selling lease back a while ago because we wanted to
 have access in the Chinese market, it will probably be opportunistic.
 Perfect.
 Well, that's it for me.
 Thanks so much.
 Thank you.
 Next question will come from Ben Nolan with Stiefel.
 please go ahead
 Yeah, hi. This is actually Frank Galanti for Ben. Thanks for taking our question.
 I wanted to start on the steamships, specifically around FSRU, FSU conversions.
 It sort of seems like that market could be opening up, I guess.
 Is that something that you guys are considering for those vessels?
 I think it's Paolo
 yeah, indeed
 I think
 as we discussed before on language
 these questions.
 I think the good thing about having a portfolio approach is that really allows us to look
 opportunistically to
 short-term supply, and also infrastructure development.
 Now, this kind of project, as you know, they take quite a long time to develop.
 So there are different stages from feasibility to FID and even post-FID.
 there's typically a certain amount
 of time before you are actually able
 to deploy the asset with a light
 or a heavier conversion if it's an FSAU.
 I can confirm that we are looking at that.
 I think there has been also a public announcement
 of the Venice Energy Project in Australia
 where Gasol Paulus has one vessel
 that is being held as the, let's say, sole proposal to the FSCU development there.
 So I think that's a public display of how our interest is materializing.
 Again, nothing that we support more than this because, you know, time is needed to come to a final development.
 but we'll provide further updates as this and maybe other opportunities come along.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 And then switching gears a little bit, I wanted to ask more of a longer-term question.
 And I sort of understand the current capital allocation strategy is to focus on deleveraging.
 and so
 what's the end game
 for that.
 when can the partnership start thinking about
 growth.
 And I sort of think another way of thinking about it is like when you get below that four
 times leverage and 40%
 and that's at the cap.
 is that
 when you start to think about acquiring vessels?
 or is that
 And just what are the thoughts on long-term growth strategy?
 Yeah, thank you.
 Well, I do understand that, you know, the typical approach to this is asking when.
 And I think for us it's really what we're trying to achieve
 and what is our current strategy going to do for the business and the shareholders of value.
 And if you look at it, we are, you know, the target are leading there to sustain the gas
 of poppers through the inevitable shipping
 cycles to be more competitive
 because we are actually reducing our cost level
 and we're becoming more profitable.
 We're building a stronger balance sheet.
 And I think these are really the priorities we have given ourselves.
 and we believe even in this
 call it transitional phase
 This is a very tangible way to deliver shareholder value.
 the
 how this is going to pan out
 when we get there, I think
 it's really, you know, it's going to be
 seen on where the market
 will be on new buildings, on existing tonnage, on other consolidation opportunities.
 but I think
 the path there is very clear
 and that's what we're really focusing on now.
 Just to add the point here, I think that is something that we need to, we're going to
 highlight.
 And today, our self-rights, we believe it's quite low.
 that we believe we are at the value.
 I mean, we have 230 million of market cap, and we pay down debt on an annual basis of
 by 115 million.
 million.
 is ready much for the trend.
 We have a cash balance of 146 million, which is again significant amount versus our market
 up.
 and our annual adjusted EBITDA was equal to our market cap.
 So our strategy delivers significant equity value and we want to get our balances to the
 it to the point that the board will be able to review all alternative options on deleveraging,
 buybacks, you know, dividend policy and growth and take the right decisions at the right
 level.
 time.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 Thank you.
 Our next question will come from Chris Weatherby with Citigroup.
 Please go ahead.
 hey thanks for taking the call
 So I guess a few questions here.
 First, just on the fleet, I want to make sure I understand the strategy in terms of the chartering activity that you're expecting in 2Q and 3Q.
 What do you expect at the duration that you think you can get on these open ships?
 I mean, how much can you cover and how much do you want to cover?
 So, I guess, what is the depth in the period market?
 and, you know, would you be willing to go a little longer if the opportunity presents itself,
 as far as it's going to be a strategy of keeping some exposure to the market.
 Hi, Chris.
 Thanks for the question.
 I think that the answer is that we are really open to all the possibilities.
 and I think we want to play to
 the strength of the market and where the market
 is going to offer also with the assets
 that will come open.
 If we rewind back to 2021, I think the choice of, you know, accepting term coverage for us to be able to re-deliver in quarter two and quarter three, 2022,
 has so far, you know, paid out.
 And we believe that this is something that, you know, we'll basically use the same approach to see whether, you know,
 the one-year charter availability or the spot market is going to show the strength that we look for,
 then we'll definitely, you know, go for these opportunities.
 we are
 there's no, let's say,
 there's no bar
 a barrier to look at other business, but, you know, if we go longer, then the rates
 will have to make sure that, you know, they compare well to the one-year or the spot child
 of AIDS.
 and
 I think, you know, we have the size and the amount of vessels that are, you know,
 going to get open
 sequentially through the year
 that will really allow us to take an opportunistic approach
 and a portfolio approach as well.
 So we might want to see coverage if the opportunity arises and then be more tactical if the opportunity comes towards the end of the year.
 That's helpful.
 I appreciate that.
 And then I guess I was curious, in terms of your outlook, you talk about it on slide 17,
 the 2.1 times multiplier for U.S. cargoes over the course of the last couple of years,
 I think that's the assumption that you're using for 22 and 23.
 what has been the experience over the course of the last quarter or two,
 kind of to get a sense of where that number stands now
 and where it may sort of be dislocated for, you know, in the immediate future,
 given the concerns going on around the world relative to supply.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, look, the shipping multiplier is really an indication of what has actually happened.
 And I think, you know, we all recognize the dynamics of, you know,
 the large increase in U.S. production
 and the large imports in the Far East.
 I agree with you that in the past quarter we have seen, you know, a different balance coming up with JKM and TTF sometimes swapping positions on the leading cost part.
 We, you know, and actually we see that from two different angles.
 From once, yes, indeed, the shipping multiplier will decrease if the U.S. to Europe will remain the leading side.
 on the other hand
 we've also seen
 and some of our vessels have done it, we have seen relats from Asia back into Europe in the lost water,
 which is, you know, has been another interesting boost of the whole SHIB multiplier.
 we typically have
 a part of our graph that actually shows
 is carried on balance
 we decided not to admit it
 because it has actually flipped in the past week, I think, a couple of times.
 The longer outlook, anyway, is for the Far East demand to be the name of the game
 and then to absorb the majority part of the U.S. production,
 As we've also seen from the latest long-term contract signed, for instance, by Chenier with Faris and the companies.
 Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate that clarity.
 I guess two more really just sort of
 wrap up in terms of model of dynamics
 You know, you highlight unit OPEX being down in 2022 in the outlook.
 Obviously, unit G&A stepping up, I guess.
 On the OPEC side, it sounds like there is no dry docking expected.
 I guess what sort of a normalized rate you think you can achieve with, you know,
 typical dry docking days accounted for.
 I'm probably thinking out to 2023, but that 13-7, is that, you know,
 closer to, you know, 14.5 or so
 if we were to assume dry docking. I just want to get a sense of what the more sustainable run rate
 might be for the fleet?
 Listen, I mean, we don't have a dry dock in the next year, as you say.
 We have dry dockings, though, in 2023, so there is a seasonality there.
 The dry dockings are not reflected in the OPEX, so it's a CAPEX item, as you said, and we
 We do dry dockings every five years, and a normalized item, I don't know, it could
 I don't know.
 But let's take it offline and to help you model with this.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 And we're maybe –
 Do you need to step up there?
 The unit DNA is, as we give it, it is 3,200, and this actually reflects an increase on
 the administrative fee, which, on the other side, counterbalance from the decrease on
 We will present you now to NDF in detail the revised management fees, but you have the
 board.
 I think it's that.
 Okay.
 Well, thanks very much for the time. I appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 But as a reminder, if you have a question, please press star, then one.
 Thank you for participating in today's question-and-answer session.
 I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Siri.
 Thank you.
 Well, thank you, everyone, today for listening,
 and thank you for your continued interest in Gaswalk Limited and in Gaswalk Partners.
 we certainly appreciate your questions today
 your time, and we look forward to speaking to you
 in the next quarter as
 hopefully traveling becomes safer
 and maybe, hopefully, maybe, we'll be able to meet many of you in person soon.
 In the meantime, stay safe.
 And, again, if you have any questions, please contact us and contact the investor relationship team.
 and enjoy the rest of your day.
 Bye.
 ladies and gentlemen
 and this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation.
 you may now disconnect.