Good morning. My name is Cherie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Gaslog Partners fourth quarter 2021 results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. On today's call are Paolo Anosi, Chief Executive Officer, and Achilleus Tessilouas, Chief Financial Officer. Joseph Nelson, Head of Investor Relations, will you begin your conference? Good morning or good afternoon and thank you for joining the Gaslog Partners fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. For your convenience, this webcast and presentation are available on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.gaslogmlp.com, where a replay will also be available. Please now turn to slide two of the presentation. Many of our remarks contain forward-looking statements. For factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release. In addition, some of our remarks contain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. A reconciliation of these measures is included in the appendix to this presentation. Paolo will begin today's call with a review of the partnership's fourth quarter and full year highlights, following which Achilleus will walk you through the partnership's financials. Paolo will then provide an update on the LNG shipping and LNG commodity markets. We will then take questions on the partnership's fourth quarter. With that, I will now turn it over to Paolo Anosi, CEO of Gaslog Partners. Thank you, Joe, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call from a very snowy Athens. Please turn to slide four for Gaslog Partners' fourth quarter and full year 2021 highlights. I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong operational and financial performance for this partnership. The fleet performed at approximately 100% availability in the fourth quarter and for all of 2021, despite the ongoing challenges created by COVID-19. Our focus on cost control along with a strengthening charter market last year, so stable cash generation and improved profitability. We repurchased another 6 million of our preference units in the open market, bringing the total repurchased in 2021 to 18 million. And finally, we retired another $17 million of debt during the quarter, bringing the total to $108 million for 2021. Turning to slide five and a summary of our financial performance in 2021. As you can see from the charts on this slide, the chartering for all of our vessels on effective terms, along with our strategy of reducing our debt and lowering our cost base, improved our profitability. Despite a 2% decline in revenue last year relative to 2020, our profitability increased 8%. As noted on our last call, our capital allocation for 2022 will continue to focus on debt repayment and reducing the break-even rates of our fleets will improve its cash flow capacity. Turning to slide six, which summarizes our operational upside to the strong shipping market. As you can see from the chart on the left, the partnership has a balanced charter portfolio. Our fixed charter coverage, shown in dark blue, more than covers our fixed expenses through at least 2022. Meanwhile, our open days, shown in light gray, display our significant leverage to the tight shipping market. You'll note we also have one vessel on spot market link contact, which will also benefit from higher spot rates. Our chartering team did a great job in fixing through the seasonal lows of quarter one. The majority of our open days for 2022 are in the seasonally strong period of the year, and every $10,000 per day of revenue earned above our operating and overhead expenses will generate an incremental $30 million of EBITDA for the partnership. With that, I'll hand over to Achilles to take you through the partnership quarter four financials. Thank you, Paolo. Turning to slide eight and the partnership's financial results for the fourth quarter. As Paolo mentioned earlier, our financial performance in quarter four 2021 improved significantly from both the third quarter of 2021 as well as fourth quarter of 2020. Specifically, revenues for the fourth quarter were $88 million, a 4% improvement from the fourth quarter of 2020. The revenue improved year over year is primarily due to the four new term charter agreements that we signed in the second half of 2021. Adjusted EBITDA was $64 million, an increase of 9% from the fourth quarter of 2020, while adjusted earnings was $0.45 per unit. The significant improvements in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS were aided by the improved revenue performance, our ongoing cost control initiatives, and in addition, in terms of EPS, the lower interest expenses due to declining debt balances and the preference shares buyback that reduced the preference shares distributions. Looking forward, the partnership has chartered coverages of 100% in the first quarter of 2020 and 76% charter coverage for all of 2022. In addition, we have no scheduled dry dockings this year, which provides good cash flow visibility. Turning to slide nine and a look at our cost base. Our overhead expenses for 2021 were approximately in line with our averages for the full year and the guidance we gave on our last call. As we look towards 2022, we expect our unit operating expenses to average $13,700 per vessel per day, while we expect our overhead expenses to average $3,200 per vessel per day. The significant decline in our operating expenses for 2022 is due to a reduction in the management fee we will be paying to our parent gas locality effective on January 1st, 2022, as well as no dry docking expenses for the year. These lower operating costs are offset by higher overhead expenses primarily related to an increase in the administrative service fee to gas locality effective from January 1st, 2022, as well as direct public company expenses, which were previously shared between gas locality and gas partners. Public company expenditures are now borne by the partnership alone following our parent take private transaction last year. Our overall cost base has been declining significantly over the last several years. Specifically, our unit topics declined by 9% since 2019 and our unit G&A declined by 10% as compared with our 2022 guidance, fully absorbing all the one-off costs associated with COVID-related disruption and the changes in the gas log group mentioned above. As we have previously stated, we continue to look for ways to reduce our cost base further. Slide 10 shows the partnership's debt balances and balance sheet metrics as well as the progress we have made towards our leveraged targets in 2021. The partnership's balance sheet remains robust. The partnership ended the fourth quarter with $146 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our capital allocation priorities since 2020 have focused on reducing our leverage and cost base. Last quarter, we presented our target leverage metrics, which you can find on the left side of this slide. I'm pleased to say that we have made progress towards these goals in 2021 despite the non-cash impairment charge of $104 million we took in the fourth quarter related to our five steam turbine LNG carriers book value. Specifically, we retired approximately $108 million of debt during 2021, which reduced our debt to total capitalization to 54% from 56% in the fourth quarter of 2020 when combined with our $146 million of cash on the balance sheet, our net debt to capitalization has been reduced to 47% by the end of the fourth quarter from 51% at the end of 2020. In addition, our net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA has declined to 4.3 times. We expect to continue strengthening our balance sheet beginning with a scheduled retirement of approximately $114 million of debt and lease liabilities in 2022, which is covered by our contracted cash flow over this period. Reducing debt balances will reduce the partnership's cash flow break-even levels over time, improving further the competitiveness of our fleet. We believe that prioritizing debt reduction supports the partnership's future growth in equity value and enhances the overall shareholder value. Slide 11 discusses the partnership's preference unit repurchase program, which supports our strategic effort to reduce our cost base. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased a total of approximately 6 million of our series B and series C preference units in the open market, bringing our total for 2021 to approximately 18 million. Our repurchases to date were at an average price of $25 per unit, which is our value. These repurchases reduced preference unit distributions by approximately $1.5 million on an annual basis. We expect to continue opportunistically repurchasing preference units in the open market as conditions dictate. With that, I will turn it over to Paulo to discuss the LNG commodity and LNG shipping markets. Thank you, Achilles. Turning now to slide 13. Volumes registered 44 term charters greater than six months in quarter four 2021, helping to set a new annual record of 165 term charters for 2021. The high level of term chartering observed last year was in response to strong energy demand, thermal growth, and logistical bottlenecks

around the world. This dynamic, along a wide arbitrage for delivering energy to Asia from the United States during much of 2021, led our customers and others to seek term coverage and security of shipping capacity. On the right chart, you'll note that headline spot rates have declined in recent weeks. Although headline spot rates have in fact been lower, now around $28,500 per day, it isn't unusual for spot rates to decline as we approach the end of the Northern Hemisphere winter. Despite the decline in spot rates, term rates are relatively firm, as the one-year time charter rate is currently assessed at $87,000 per day, according to Clarkson's. This is indicative of charterers' expectations for a tight market in the months ahead. In addition, the forward curve for energy spot rates indicates rising rates through the rest of 2022. As a result of these fundamental drivers and frictional challenges, we expect the energy carrier spot market to continue to perform strongly through next winter, as I'll discuss over the next several slides. Slide 14 presents energy demand and supply during quarter four 2021. Energy demand increased 8% in the fourth quarter of 2021 relative to the fourth quarter of 2020, according to POLDEN, as shown by the left-hand figure. Demand from Europe was strong in the fourth quarter. The combination of over-reliance on renewables, low storage inventory, and lower than anticipated imports from Russia and Norway pushed demand for energy, resulting in record-high prices in the region, underscoring the need for natural gas and LNG as a transition fuel in the evolving energy landscape. On the supply side, U.S. production rose by over 28 year on year to 19 million tons, due to less unplanned downtime and the ramp-up in production from the third train with Freeport, Cameron, and Corpus Christi LNG facilities. This continued a theme witnessed throughout 2021. U.S. production increases met global demand growth for natural gas. The shipping-intensive nature of U.S. supply relative to end users in Asia and Europe has propelled ton-mile growth up to 16% in 2021, more than twice that of the demand of the commodity. Slide 15 shows significant cost increases for natural gas in Asia and Europe since quarter four 2020. The past few months have highlighted the dangers of lack of infrastructure investment in gas, which can be observed by noting the record-high energy prices in Asia and Europe shown on this figure. In recognition of this energy crisis, the European Commission is now considering adding gas and nuclear power to the green taxonomy. This would accomplish the goal of reducing emissions from the generation of electricity while also securing steady and competitive supply of energy. LNG is the most versatile source of gas given its destination flexibility and will be needed in the long term as it provides a stable platform for the transition to renewables. High absolute gas prices around the world should ensure high levels of liquefaction utilization, while the potential for a widening arbitrage between producers in the U.S. and consumers in Asia will have the additional benefit of lengthening ton-mile demand. In addition, Europe is anticipated to exit this winter with historically low inventories of natural gas. This again has the potential to drive additional demand for LNG for inventory restocking. Slide 16 displays the LNG carrier order book and delivery schedule according to POLDEN. There are 151 LNG carriers in the order book at present, but about 24% of underwater fleet. Over 80% of the order book has secured multi-year employment. In addition, the number of scheduled deliveries in 2022 are less than half those delivered in 2021, and there are no unfixed vessel schedules to delivery in year. Due to increasing demand for cleanership and other merchant vessels, delivery time for the new building order today at approximately three years, making the earliest delivery time in the first half of 2025. Competition for birth slots at the yard, as well as cost inflation, have also pushed prices well above $210 million, up at least 10% over the last year. Slide 17 illustrates our view of shipping supply and demand through the end of 2023. Demand is partly based on the number of vessels needed to export 1 million tons of LNG per annum, expressed as a shipping multiplier. This analysis does not assume any vessel scrapping, although there are currently 20 vessels, or about 3% of the global fleet over the age of 30, and we saw nine vessels scrapped in 2021. Although this is a relatively strong addition to global shipping capacity, we anticipate that the growth of inter-basin trading and likely acceleration of cycling of older tonnage will more than offset the scheduled deliveries over the next couple of years, projecting a relatively tight LNG shipping market through 2022 and 2023. Turning to slide 18 and in summary. I'm very pleased with the overall operation, safety results, as well as the partnership financial achievement for quarter 4 2021 and for the full year as well. This latest energy crisis has once more shown the pivotal importance of LNG as cleaner fuel to supply the current energy need and enable a sustainable transition to a carbon-free future. Our fleet is well positioned to the upside of this increase in demand for LNG and a tight shipping market expected in 2022 and the years to come. And we've made good progress on our capital allocation strategy with continuous deleveraging and opportunistically purchase of preference units in the open market, creating equity value to the unit holders. Finally, the partnership increasing competitiveness and strengthening balance sheet allows us to evaluate opportunities for growth and fleet modernization. With that, I'd like to open calls for questions. Operator? Thank you. To ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone. To withdraw your question, press the pound key. Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster. Our first question will come from Randy Givens with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Mr. Givens, your line is open. Please go ahead. Howdy, gentlemen. How's it going? Hi. Hi, Randy. It's good. Hey, hey. So I guess the first question just looking at your fleet, you know, you have a handful of vessels coming open, a few TFDE, a few steam. How soon do you plan on securing charter for those? And then will the likely duration be one year? And then specifically for the steamships, what are your thoughts on employment there for 2022 and 2023? Thank you, Randy, for the question. Yes, indeed, we have vessels that are being open in quarter two. We're actually quite comfortable in the 22 charter coverage. I mean, we are covered 76%, and our portfolio is quite balanced. We see opportunities in the opening of the vessels in quarter two and in quarter three ahead of the winter. And we expect a high level of LNG movement, both in terms of capacity and in terms of shipping demand. We see, as we mentioned before, we actually see that the term market is remaining quite strong, even in the doldrums of quarter one. So I think there's no indication that we will not be able to play a portfolio approach and actually fix the vessels throughout quarter two and quarter three, much like we've done last year. Got it. And then in terms of steam employment, you know, 23 and beyond? I think for the steams, we actually see similar dynamics as we've seen for the TFDEs. Term market seems to be the most interesting part. There are many Far Eastern operators that seem to favor steam vessels over others. Some terminals are actually only accepting these sides and type of vessels. And I think we have really no indication that it's going to be otherwise for the steam vessels than it is for the TFDEs. Whether we will be able to find longer terms than one year is yet to be seen. But I think the indications for other charters that have been done for similar vessels have also seen, you know, terms exceeding the one year. So we're quite confident on that as well. Got it. And then in terms of balance sheet and capital allocation, could we see some additional sale leasebacks in the near term? And what would that incremental cash proceeds be used for, right? You purchased, I think it was 6 million of preference or preferred units during the quarter, about 18 million during the year. So as you look at 22, could additional repurchases there be a use of cash? Yes, exactly, Randy. You are right. We have, with the improved charter market, we have an improved liquidity position. So we will look for additional purchases on an opportunistic basis. We have been buying back 18 million of preps at par, which is a good deal, I think. There is the first series of our preps is callable in early 2023. So we don't really have any reason to pay much above par to buy back them. So we'll keep an eye on that. I wanted to reiterate our capital allocation strategy, that we are focusing on the debt repayment and the break-even reductions, which actually improves the equity value of our stock.

And in terms of the sell and leasebacks, we will see. I mean, we don't really need the incremental liquidity. It is a strategy that we did a TFT sell and leaseback a while ago because we wanted to have access in the Chinese market. It will probably be opportunistic. Perfect. Well, that's it for me. Thanks so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Our next question will come from Ben Nolan with Stiefel. Please go ahead. Yeah, hi. This is actually Frank Galante. I'm for Ben. Thanks for taking our question. I wanted to start on the steamships, specifically around FSRU, FSU conversions. It sort of seems like that market could be opening up, I guess. Is that something that you guys are considering for those vessels? I think it's Paolo. Yeah, indeed. I think as we discussed before on language questions, I think the good thing about having a portfolio approach is that it really allows us to look opportunistically to short-term spot and also infrastructure development. Now, this kind of project, as you know, they take quite a long time to develop. There are different stages from feasibility to FID and even post-FID. There's typically a certain amount of time before you are actually able to deploy the asset with a light or heavier conversion if it's an FSU. I can confirm that we are looking at that. I think there has been also a public announcement of the Venice Energy project in Australia where Gas Lock Partners has one vessel that is being held as the sold proposal to the FSU development there. I think that's a public display of how our interest is materializing. Again, nothing that we have caught more than this because time is needed to come to a final development, but we'll provide further updates as this and maybe other opportunities come along. Okay, that's helpful. Then switching gears a little bit, I wanted to ask more of a longer-term question. I sort of understand the current capital allocation strategy is to focus on deleveraging. I guess what's the endgame for that? When can the partnership start thinking about growth? Another way of thinking about it is when you get below that four times leverage and 40% net debt to cap, is that when you start to think about acquiring vessels or is that... What are the thoughts on the long-term growth strategy? Yeah, thank you. I do understand that the typical approach to this is asking when. I think for us it's really what we're trying to achieve and what is our current strategy going to do for the business and the shareholder value. If you look at it, we are the target of the year to sustain the Gaslock Partners through the inevitable shipping cycles, to be more competitive because we are actually reducing our cost level and we're becoming more profitable. We're building a stronger balance sheet, and I think these are really the priorities we have given ourselves and we believe even in this called transitional phase, this is a very tangible way to deliver shareholder value. How this is going to pan out when we get there, I think it's really going to be seen on where the market will be on new buildings, on existing tonnage, on other consolidation opportunities. But I think the path there is very clear and that's what we're really focusing on now. That's not the point here. I think that is something that we want to highlight. Today, our sell price, we believe it's quite low, so we believe we are at a bargain. We have $230 million of market cap, and we pay down debt on an annual basis of $114 million, so this is 30% to 50%. We have a cash balance of $146 million, which is, again, a significant amount versus our market cap. And our annual adjusted EBITDA was equal to our market cap. So our strategy delivers significant equity value, and we want to get our balance sheet to the point that the board will be able to review all alternative options on deleveraging, buybacks, dividend policy, and growth, and take the right decisions at the right time. Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Weatherby with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Hey, thanks for taking the call. So I guess a few questions here. First, just on the fleet, I want to make sure I understand the strategy in terms of the chartering activity that you're expecting in 2Q and 3Q. What do you expect the duration that you think you can get on these open ships? I mean, how much can you cover and how much do you want to cover? So I guess what is the depth in the period market, and would you be willing to go a little longer if the opportunity presents itself, or is this going to be a strategy of keeping some exposure to the market? Hi, Seth. Thanks for the question. I think that the answer is that we are really open to all the possibilities, and I think we want to play to the strength of the market and what the market is going to offer, also with the assets that will come open. If we rewind back to 2021, I think the choice of accepting term coverage for us to be able to redeliver in quarter 2 and quarter 3 2022 has so far paid out. And we believe that this is something that we'll basically use the same approach to see whether the one-year charter availability or the spot market is going to show the strength that we look for, then we'll definitely go for these opportunities. There's no, let's say, there's no barrier to look at other business, but if we go longer, then the rates will have to make sure that they compare well to the one-year or the spot charter rates. I think we have the size and the amount of vessels that are going to get open sequentially through the year that will really allow us to take an opportunistic approach and a portfolio approach as well. So we might want to see coverage if the opportunity arises and then be more tactical if the opportunity comes towards the end of the year. Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate that. And then I guess I was curious in terms of your outlook, you talk about it on slide 17, the 2.1 times multiplier for U.S. cargos over the course of the last couple of years. I think that's the assumption that you're using for 22 and 23. What has been the experience over the course of the last quarter or two? Kind of to get a sense of where that number stands now and where it may sort of be dislocated for, you know, in the immediate future given the concerns going on around the world relative to supply. Yeah. Yeah, look, the shipping multiplier is really an indication of what has actually happened. And I think, you know, we all recognize the dynamics of, you know, the large increase in U.S. production and the large imports in the Far East. I agree with you that in the past quarter we have seen, you know, a different balance coming up with JKM and TTF sometimes swapping positions on the leading cost part. We, you know, actually we see that from two different angles. From one, yes, indeed, you know, the shipping multiplier will decrease if the U.S. to Europe will remain the leading side. On the other hand, we have also seen, and some of our vessels have done it, we have seen relats from Asia back into Europe in the last quarter, which has been another interesting boost of the whole ship multiplier. We typically have a part of our graph that actually shows this kind of balance. We decided not to omit it because it has actually flipped in the past week, I think, a couple of times. The longer outlook anyway is for the Far East demand to be the name of the game and to absorb the majority part of the U.S. production as we have also seen from the latest long-term contract signed, for instance, by Chenier with five companies. Okay, that's very helpful. I appreciate that clarity. I guess two more really just sort of wrap up in terms of model of dynamics. You know, you highlight unit OPEX being down in 2022 in the outlook, obviously unit G&A stepping up. I guess on the OPEX side it sounds like there is no dry docking expected. I guess what's sort of a normalized rate you think you can achieve with, you know, typical dry docking days accounted for? You know, I'm probably thinking out to 2023, but that 13.7, is that, you know, closer to 14.5 or so if we were to assume dry docking? I just want to get a sense of what the more sustainable run rate might be for the fleet. Listen, I mean, we don't have a dry docking next year, as you say. We have dry dockings, though, in 2023. So there is seasonality there. The dry dockings are not reflected in the OPEX. So

it's a CAPEX item, as we said, and we do dry dockings every five years and a normalized item, I don't know, it could be 1,000, but let's take it offline to help you model this. Okay. Maybe G&A. The unit G&A is, as we give it, it is 3,200, and this actually reflects an increase on the administrative fee, which on the other side, counterbalances from the decrease on the management fee. We will present in our 20th and detail the revised management fees, but you have the fallback features there. Okay. Okay. Well, thanks very much for the time. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. As a reminder, if you have a question, please press star, then 1. Thank you for participating in today's question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks. Thank you. Thank you, Siri. Well, thank you, everyone, today for listening, and thank you for your continued interest in Gaslog Limited and in Gaslog Partners. We certainly appreciate your questions today, your time, and we look forward to speaking to you in the next quarter as hopefully traveling becomes safer and maybe, hopefully, maybe, we'll be able to meet many of you in person soon. In the meantime, stay safe, and again, if you have any questions, please contact us and contact the Investor Relationship Team. And enjoy the rest of your day. Bye. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

