 Good morning, my name is Cherie and I will be your conference operator today at this time
 I would like to welcome everyone to the Gaslog Partners 4th Quarter 2021 Results Conference
 call.
 All lines have been placed on mute
 to prevent any background noise.
 After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 On today's call, Appalo Anosi, Chief Executive Officer,
 Anakaleya Tasmi-Ulan, Chief Financial Officer.
 Joseph Nelson, Head of Investor Relations.
 Before you begin your conference.
 Good morning or good afternoon and thank you for joining the Gaslight Partners 4th Quarter
 2021 Earnings Conference Call. For your convenience, this webcast and presentation are available
 on the Investor Relations section of our website,
 www.gaslogmlp.com where replay will also be available.
 Please now turn to slide two of the presentation.
 Many of our remarks contain forward-looking statements for factors that could cause acts
 results to different material from these forward-looking statements, please refer to our
 fourth quarter earnings press release.
 In addition, some of our remarks contain non-gap financial measures that defined by the SEC
 The reconciliation of these measures is included in the appendix to this presentation.
 Now we'll begin today's call with a review of the partnership's fourth quarter and full
 year highlights, following which Accolades will walk you through the partnership's financials.
 Palo will then provide an update on the LNG shipping
 and LNG commodity markets.
 we will then take questions on the partnerships
 With that, I will now turn it over to Paolo Noisy, CEO of Gaslog Partners.
 Thank you, Joe, and welcome everyone to our 4-4-3rd conference
 Goal.
 from a very snowy essence.
 Please turn to slide four for Gettl-Pawson's four-quarter
 and full year 2021 highlights.
 I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong operational and financial performance for
 the partnership.
 The fleet performed at approximately 100% availability in the fourth quarter, and for
 over 2021, despite the ongoing challenges created by COVID-19.
 focused on cost control along with the strengthening of the market last year.
 So, stable cash generation and improved profitability.
 repurchase and add the six menus of our preference units in the open market.
 bringing the total we purchased in 2021 to 18 million.
 Finally, with a higher than other $17 million of debt due to the quarter bringing the total
 to 108 million for 2021.
 one.
 Turning to slides.
 Bye.
 and it's somebody of our financial performance in 2021.
 As you can see from the charts on this slide,
 We're each altering four of our vessels on affected terms, along with a strategy of reducing
 our debt and lovin' our cost base, improve our profitability.
 Despite a 2% decline in revenue last year, relative to 2020, our profitability increased
 8%.
 And note that on our last call, our capital allocation for 2022 will continue to focus
 on debt repayment and reducing the break human rights of our fleets will improve its casual
 capacity.
 Turn it to slide six, which summarizes our operational
 to the strong shipping market.
 As you can see from the chart on the left, the partnership has a balanced charted portfolio.
 are fixed out the coverage shown in dark blue.
 more than covers our fixed expanses through at least 2022.
 Meanwhile, our open day is shown in light gray.
 display a significant leverage to the tide shipping market.
 you know we also have one that's on the bookmark and link contact
 which will also benefit from higher spot rates.
 Our chartering team did a great job in fixing through the seasonal lows of quarter one.
 The majority of our open dates for 2022 are in the seasonally strong period of the year.
 And if it's $10,000 per day of revenue earned above our operating and overhead expenses,
 will generate an incremental $30 million of EBITDA for the partnership.
 With that, I'll hand over to Achilles to take you through the partnership for the four financials.
 Thank you, Paolo.
 Turning to slide 8, and the partnership's financial research for the fourth quarter.
 As Paolo mentioned earlier, our financial performance in quarter 4, 2021 improves significantly
 from both the third quarter of 2021 as well as fourth quarter of 2020, specifically revenues
 for the fourth quarter were 88 million, a 4 percent improvement from the fourth quarter
 of 2020.
 The revenue improved here over here is primarily due to the four new 10 software agreements
 that we signed to the second half of 2021.
 Adagio De Vida was 64 million, an increase of 9% from the fourth quarter of 2020 while
 was 45 cents per unit.
 of units.
 The significant improvements in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS were aided by the improved
 and I think we need to perform on it.
 ongoing cost control initiatives, and in addition, in terms of the DPS, the lower interest expenses
 due to declining debt balances and the preference errors by bugs that reduce the preference
 distribution.
 In forward, the partnership has shattered
 shuttered cameras of 100% in the first quarter of 2020,
 and 76% suffer cover-ups for all of 2022.
 In addition, we have no schedule dry docking
 which provides good casserole visibility.
 Thank you.
 Slide nine and then look at our course base.
 of overhead expenses for 2021.
 We were approximately in line with our averages for the full year, and the guidance we gave
 on our last call.
 As we look toward 2022, we expect our unit operating expenses to average $13,700 per
 dollars per vessel per day while we expect our overhead expenses to average $3,200 per
 vessel per day.
 The significance of this is that it is not only a matter of time, but it is also a matter
 line in our operating expenses for 2022 is due to a reduction in the management fee,
 we will be paying to our part and that's located
 effective on January 5th, 2022, as well as no dry doting expenses for the year.
 The slower operating costs are offset by higher overhead expenses, primarily related to an
 increase in the administrative service fee to gas localities effective from January 1st, 2022.
 as well as direct public company expenses, which were previously shared between gas
 localities and just partners.
 Public company expenditures are now borne by the partnership alone, following our parents,
 take private...
 of action.
 Our overall cost phase has been declining significantly over the last several years.
 Specifically, our unit topics declined by 9 percent since 2019, and our unit DNA declined
 by 10% as compared with our 2022 guidance.
 fully absorbing all the one, of course, associated
 with COVID related disruption and the changes in the gas
 of the book mentioned above.
 As we have previously stated, we continue to look for ways
 to reduce our cost base further.
 slide 10.
 So the partnership that balances and balances metrics
 as well as the progress we have made towards our level of targets in 2021.
 The partnership's balance is to remain robust.
 The partnership ended the fourth quarter with 146 million of cash-in-cash equivalents.
 Now, capital allocation priorities since 2020
 She focused on reducing cow leverage and cost base.
 will be rescheduled.
 Our target level is
 .
 matrix, which you can find on the left side of this slide.
 I'm pleased to say that we have made progress over these goals in 2021, despite the non-cast
 improvement charge of 104 million we took in the fourth quarter related to our five-stream
 to buy an L. N. D. Carrier book.
 That's all for now.
 Bye.
 Thank you.
 We retired approximately $108 million of debt during 2021, which reduced our debt to
 total capitalization to 54 percent from 56 in the fourth quarter of 2020 when combined
 without 146 million of cash on the balance sheet.
 Our net debt to capitalization has been used to 47%
 by the end of the fourth quarter from 61% at the end of 2020.
 in addition.
 of net debt trailing 12 months in debt has declined to 4.3 times.
 We expect to continue threatening our balance sheet beginning with a scheduled retirement
 of approximately 114 million of debt and lease liabilities in 2022,
 which is covered by our contracted cash flow over this period.
 Reducing that balance is, we'll reduce the partnerships,
 a couple of break-even levels of the time,
 improving further the competitiveness of our fleet.
 We believe that prioritizing debt reduction supports the partnership's future growth in
 equity value and enhances the overall shareholder's value.
 you.
 The slide 11 discusses the partnership's preference you need to repair this program
 With support, self-sacrifice, and to reduce our cost.
 base.
 During the fourth quarter, we repressed a total of approximately 6 million of our series B and series C preference units in the open market,
 bringing our total for 2021 to approximately 18 million.
 All the purchases to date were at an average price of $25 per unit, which is their par value.
 These processes reduce present unit distributions by approximately 1.5 million on an annual basis.
 We expect to continue.
 If you need to study, request a stressor in units in the open market or conditions dictates.
 With that, I will turn it over to Paolo to discuss the LNG commodity and LNG shipping market.
 Thank you Achilles, turning now to slide 13.
 Both in registered.
 The quarter four term charter is greater than six months in quarter four, 2021, helping
 to set a new annual record of 165 term charters for 2021.
 The high level of term charting served last year was in response to strong energy demand
 Don't mind, bro.
 and logistical bottlenecks around the world.
 This dynamic along the wide-arbit path for delivering energy to Asia from the United States
 very much of 2021.
 Let our customers and others to seek
 thermal coverage and security of shipping capacity.
 On the right chart, you'll know that headline spot rates have declined in recent weeks.
 although headline spot-rights have infected lower,
 now it has 28,500 per day.
 It isn't unusual for spotlights to decline as we approach the end of the northern hemisphere
 winter.
 Despite the design,
 the
 in spot rates, term rates are relatively firm.
 that the one-year plan to operate is currently assessed at $87,000 per day, according to
 Clarkson.
 This is indicative of chartered expectations for a type market in the months ahead.
 In addition, the forward curve for energy spot weight indicates rising weight to the
 that's still 2022.
 As a result of these fundamental drivers and frictional challenges, we expect the LNG
 spot market to continue to perform strongly through next winter as I'll
 discuss over the next several slides.
 Slide 14 presents LNG Demand and Supply during Quarter 4, 2021.
 Energy demand increased 8% in the fourth quarter of 2021 relative to the fourth quarter of 2020.
 according to polling, as shown by the left-hand figure.
 The man from Europe was strong and fought for it.
 A combination of overreliance on renewables, low storage inventory, and lower than anticipated
 import from Russia and Norway.
 Push demand for energy, resulting in record high prices in the region, underscoring the
 the need for natural gas and LNG as a transition fuel
 in the evolving energy landscape.
 On the supply side, U.S. production rose by over 28 year-on-year to 19 million tons
 due to less unplanned downtime, and that unpopping production from the third train, the Freeport,
 Kamenow...
 Thank you.
 is the LNG facilities.
 Let's continue.
 That's the end of the video.
 Thanks for watching.
 2021, U.S. production increases met global demand growth for natural gas.
 The shipping-tensive nature of the S-Supply is related to end-user in Asia and Europe
 has propelled my growth up to 16% in 2021.
 More than twice, that's the demand of the commodity.
 Slide 15 shows significant cost increases for natural gas in Asia and Europe since quarter
 before 2020.
 The past few months have highlighted the dangers of lack of infrastructure investment in gas,
 which we can observe by noting that Echoli energy prices in Asia and Europe shown on this figure.
 In recognition of these energy qualities, the European Commission is now considering adding
 gas and nuclear power to the green taxonomy.
 which would accomplish the goal of reducing emission from the generation of electricity
 while also securing steady and competitive supply of energy.
 NNG is the most versatile source of gas, given its destination flexibility and will be needed
 in the long term as it provides a stable platform for the transition to renewables.
 High absolute gas prices in the world should ensure high level of liquidification utilization,
 while the potential for the widening arbitrage between producers in the U.S. and consumers
 in Asia will have the additional benefit of lanterning Tom Mow the man.
 In addition, Europe is anticipated to exit this winter,
 with historically low inventories of natural gas.
 This, again, has the potential to drive additional demand
 for LNG for invention in this stocking.
 Slide 16 displays the energy carrier or the book and the limited schedule according to
 PODEN.
 that are 151 LNG cat ears in the order book at present.
 but about 20% of on the water fleet.
 Over 80% of you are the vocal secured multi-year employment.
 In addition, the number of schedule delivery is in 2022,
 a less than half will deliver in 2021.
 and there are no unfixed vessel schedule this delivery in ear.
 Due to increased demand for companionship and other merchant vessels, delivery time for
 of a new building older today at approximately three years,
 making the early study date time in the first half of 2025.
 competition for bird plots at the yard, as well as cost inflation, have also pushed
 prices well above $210 million, up at least 10% over the last year.
 slide 17 illustrates our view of shipping supply and demand through the end of 2023.
 The man is partly based on the number of vessels needed to export one million tons of LNG per
 Random.
 as a shipping multiplier.
 This analysis does not assume any vessel scrapping, although there are currently 20 vessels or
 about 3% of the global fleet over the age of 30, and we saw nine vessels crept in 2021.
 Although there's a relative strong addition to global shipping capacity, we anticipate
 that the growth of inter-basin trading and likely
 to the cycle level of the tonnage.
 will more than offset the scheduled deliveries over the next couple of years.
 projecting a relatively tight LNC shipping market through 2022 and 2023.
 Turn into slide 18 and in somebody.
 I'm very pleased with the overall operation.
 safety results, as well as the policy financial achievement for quarter 4, 2021, and for the
 40 years well.
 These latest energy crisis, as once more shown, the people
 important of LNG as cleaner fuel to supply the current energy need and enable a sustainable
 transition to our carbon feed future.
 Our fleet is well positioned to the upside of this increase in demand for LNG and a tight
 the shipping market expected in 2022 and the years to come.
 And we've made good progress on the capital allocation strategy with continuous
 leveraging and opportunistically purchase of preference units in the open market, creating
 equity value to the unit holders.
 Finally, the partnership increasing competitiveness and strengthening balance sheet allows us
 to evaluate opportunities for growth and sleep modernization.
 With that, I'd like to open calls for questions.
 Operator?
 Thank you.
 If you want to ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 withdraw your question, press the pound key.
 Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster.
 Our first question will come from Randy Givens with Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 Mr. Givens, your line is open.
 Please go ahead.
 Howdy gentlemen, how's it going?
 Hi.
 It's good.
 Hey, hey.
 So I guess the first question, just looking at your fleet, you know, you have a handful
 of vessels coming open, a few TFDE, a few STEAM, how soon do you plan on securing charter
 for those, and then with the likely duration be one year,
 And then specifically for the steamships,
 What are your thoughts on Employment Day Air for 2022 and 2023?
 Thank you, and Andy, for the question.
 Yes, indeed.
 Indeed, we have vessels that are, you know, being open in for there, too.
 actually quite comfortable in in between the two charge the coverage I mean we
 We are covered 76% and our portfolio is quite bad.
 We see...
 opportunities in the opening of the vessels in quarter two and in quarter three ahead
 of the winter, and we expect a high level of LNG movement, both in terms of capacity
 the end in terms of shipping demand.
 We see, as we mentioned before, we actually see that the term market is remaining quite
 That's wrong, even in the door thumbs up.
 call it, call the one. So I think there's no indication that we will not be able to
 play a portfolio approach and actually fix the vessels throughout 4-2 and 4-3 much like
 like we've done last year.
 Got it.
 in terms of steam employment, you know, 23 and beyond.
 beyond?
 I think for the themes, we actually see similar dynamics as we've seen for the TFDs, term
 market seems to be the most interesting thought.
 There are many phallus and obitator that seems to favor steam vessels over others.
 Some terminals are actually only accepting this size and type of vessels.
 And...
 I think we have really no indication that it's going to be otherwise for the steam vessels
 than it is for the TFBEs.
 whether we will be able to find longer terms than one year,
 is yet to be seen, but I think the indication for other
 jobbing that has been done for similar vessels, I've also seen, you know, terms exceeding
 the one year, so we're quite confident on that as well.
 All right, and then in terms of balance sheet and in capital allocation, could we see some
 additional sale leasebacks in the near term and what would that incremental cash proceeds
 be used for, right? You purchased, I think, a six million of preference or preferred
 units during the quarter, about 18 million during the year, so if you look at 22, could
 additional repurchases there via use of cash.
 Yes, this is a killer, sir, Andy.
 You are likely to have with the improved charter market,
 market, we have an improved liquidity position, so we will look forward to some other
 I think that this is on an opportunistic basis.
 We have been back 18 million of preps apart, which is a good deal, I think.
 There is a different series of other apps,
 It's callable in early 2023 so that we don't really have any reason to pay much above part
 to buy boxes.
 And so we'll keep an eye on that.
 I wanted to reiterate our capital allocation strategy
 that we are focusing on the debt repayment and the break-even reductions, which actually
 improves the equity value of our story.
 And in terms of the silent list box, we will see.
 I mean, we don't really need the incremental liquidity.
 It is a strategy that we did at TFT, Shell, and Geysbacher,
 a while ago, because we wanted to have access in the Chinese market, it will probably be
 opportunity.
 Perfect.
 Well, that's it for me. Thanks so much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question will come from Ben Nolan with Stiefel.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi, this is actually Frank Galanti for Ben.
 Thanks for taking our question.
 I wanted to start on the steam ships, specifically around FSRU, FSU conversions, it sort of seems
 things like that market could be opening up, I guess.
 Is that something that you guys are considering for those vessels?
 I think it's Paolo.
 Yeah, indeed. I think as we discussed before on language questions, I think they're the
 The good thing about having a portfolio approach is that it really allows us to look opportunistically
 to...
 short-term supply and also infrastructure development.
 Now this kind of project, as you know, they take quite a long time to develop.
 There are different stages from feasibility to FID and even post-FID, there's typically
 a certain amount of time before you are actually able to deploy the asset with a light or a
 have your conversion if it's an FSU.
 I can confirm that we are looking at that.
 I think there has been also a public announcement of the Venice Energy Project in Australia
 where Gasolopaltas has one vessel that is being held as the,
 that they sold proposal to the FSCU development there.
 So I think that's the public display of how our interest is materializing.
 Again, nothing that we have worked more than this because time is needed to come to a final
 but we'll provide further updates as to this and maybe other opportunities come along.
 Okay, that's helpful and then switching gears a little bit. I wanted to ask more of a longer term question
 question. It sort of understands the current capital allocation strategy is to focus on
 deleveraging and so I guess what's the end game for that what when can the
 the partnerships start thinking about growth.
 And the first thing, another way of thinking about it is like, when you get below that
 4...
 times leverage and 40% net at the cap.
 Is that when you start to think about acquiring vessels?
 that, just order the thoughts on that long term growth strategy.
 Yeah, thank you.
 I do understand that, you know, the typical approach to this is asking when, I think for
 us is leading what we're trying to achieve and what is our current strategy going to
 do for the business and the shareholder value and if you look at it, we are, you know, the
 The target are leading there to sustain the gas lipophase through the inevitable shipping
 cycles, to be more competitive, because we are actually
 .
 reducing our cost level and we're becoming more profitable.
 We're building it.
 the stronger balance sheet.
 And I think these are really the priorities
 we have given ourselves.
 And we believe even in the call it transitional phase,
 This is a very tangible way to deliver surehold of value.
 how this is going to pan out when we get there.
 I think it's really, you know, it's going to be seen on where the market will be, on
 new buildings, on existing tonnage, on other consolidation opportunities, but I think the
 path there is very clear and that's what we're really focusing on now.
 Just at the point here, I think that is something that we need to, we want to highlight.
 And today, our surprise, we believe it's quite low,
 quite low. It's as we believe we are at a value. I mean, we have 230 million of market
 And we paid down that on an annual basis of 114 million.
 So this is ready-match fit consent.
 which have a cash balance of $4.46 million,
 which is, again, significant amount, that's our market cap.
 And our annual adaptivity was equal to our magic.
 So all strategy delivers significant equity value.
 And we want to get our balance to the point
 that the board will be able to review all alternative options
 on the left of the link.
 buybacks, you know, dividend policy and growth and take the right decisions at the right
 time.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 The next question will come from Chris Weatherby with Citi Group.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks for taking the call.
 So I get a few questions here.
 first, just on the fleet, want to make sure I understand the strategy in terms of the
 the chartering activity that you're expecting
 in 2Q and 3Q, what do you expect at the duration
 that you think you can get on these open ships.
 I mean, how much can you cover
 and how much do you want to cover.
 So I guess what is the depth in the period market and would you be willing to go a little
 longer if the opportunity presents itself, or is this going to be, you know, a strategy
 keeping some exposure to the market.
 Hi, please.
 Thanks for the question.
 I think that the answer is that we are really open to all the possibilities.
 And I think we want to play to the strength of the market and where the market is going
 offer also with the assets that will come open.
 We advanced the wine back to 2021.
 I think the choice of, you know, accepting term coverage for us to be able to re-deliver
 in Quarter 2 and Quarter 3, 2022 had so far, you know, paid out.
 And we believe...
 that this is something that, you know, we'll basically use the same approach to see whether,
 whether, you know, the one-year target availability
 before the spot market is going to show the strength that we look for, then we'll definitely
 you know, go for these opportunities.
 We are, there's no, let's say, there's no barrier to look at other business, but you
 you know, if we go longer than that, I will have to make sure that, you know, they, they,
 they, they...
 compare well to the one year or the spot chart of AIDS.
 And I think, you know, we have the size and the amount of vessels that are, you know,
 going to get open, eventually, through the year,
 that would really allow us to take an importantistic approach
 and a portfolio approach as well.
 So we might want to see coverage if the opportunity arises and then be more technical if the
 opportunity comes towards the end of the year.
 That's helpful.
 And then I guess I was curious, in terms of your outlook, you talk about it on slide 17.
 The 2.1 times multiplier for U.S. cargoes over the course of the last couple of years,
 I think that's the assumption that you're using for 22 and 23.
 what has been the experience over the course
 of the last quarter or two.
 kind of to get a sense of where that number stands now
 and where it may sort of be dislocated for, you know,
 in the immediate future given the concerns going on around the world relative to supply.
 All right.
 Yeah, look, the shipping multiplier is really an indication of what has actually happened
 And I think, you know, we all recognize the dynamics of, of, you know, the light in these
 production than the large imports in the Far East.
 I agree with you that in the post quarter we have seen, you know, a different balance
 coming up with JKM and TTF sometimes swapping positions on the leading cost part.
 You know, and actually we see that from two different angles, from one, yes, indeed, you
 you know, the shipping multiplier will decrease if the U.S. to Europe will remain the leading
 side.
 On the other hand, we have also seen,
 and some of our vessels have done it,
 We have seen relapses from Asia back into Europe in the last quarter, which has been
 in another interesting boost of the whole Schimel multiplier.
 We typically have a part of our graph that actually shows this kind of balance.
 we decided not to omit it because it has actually flipped in the past week, I think, a couple
 times.
 The longer outlook, anyway, is for the far east demand to be the name of the game
 and then to absorb the majority part of the U.S. production as we've also seen from the latest
 long-term contract signed, for instance, by Cheneer with advertisement companies.
 Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate that clarity.
 I guess two more really just sort of wrap up in terms of model of dynamics.
 you know, you highlight unit OPEX being down in 2022
 in the outlook.
 is the unit G&A stepping up, I guess,
 On the OPEC side, it sounds like there is no dry docking expected.
 I guess what sort of a normalized rate you think you can achieve with, you know, typical
 dry docking these accounted for, you know, I'm probably thinking out to 2023, but that
 third...
 at that, you know, closer to, you know, 14 and a half or so if you were to assume dry
 I just want to get a sense of what the more sustainable run rate might be for the fleet.
 Listen, I mean, we don't have a dialogue next year, as you say.
 We have dried up in slow in 2023, so there is a seasonality there.
 The dry dockings are not reflected in the OPEX, so it's a capex item, as you said.
 And we do drive dogmas every five years.
 And a normalized item, I don't know, it could be 1,000, but let's take it offline and just
 to help you model this.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 We're maybe G&A to step up there.
 The unit DNA is, as we give it, it is 3200, and this actually reflects an increase on
 the administrative fee, which on the other side counterbalance from the decrease on the
 We will present in our 20F in detail the device management fees, but you have the callback
 We'll talk to you there.
 Okay. Okay. Well, thanks very much for the time. I appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 If you have a question, please press star then one.
 Thank you for participating in today's question-and-answer session.
 I would...
 I would now like to turn the call back over to Management for any closing remarks.
 Thank you
 Thank you, Siri.
 Well, thank you everyone today for listening, and thank you for your continued interest
 in gas work limits and in gas work partners.
 We certainly appreciate your questions today.
 your time and we'll look forward to speaking to you in the next quarter as hopefully traveling
 become safer and maybe, hopefully maybe, we'll be able to meet many of you in person soon.
 In the meantime, stay safe.
 And again, if you have any questions, please contact us
 and contact the Ingressive Relationship team.
 and enjoy the rest of your day.
 Bye.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation.
 You may now disconnect.