 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by
 And welcome to ADP's First Health 2020 result presentation.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question, please press R1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you should require any assistance during this call, please press star zero.
 As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Miguel Viana, Head of Investor Relations.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
 Thanks for being with us today in the conference call on EDP's first half 2020 results, which
 this time the results are being reported exceptionally right after the summer holiday period.
 We hope you manage to take some rest and recharge batteries.
 We'll begin with the main highlights on the results and then we'll provide an update on the strategy execution.
 We'll then move to the Q&A session
 in which we'll be taking your questions both by phone and via our web page, www.edp.com.
 The call is expected to last no more than 60 minutes.
 I'll give now the floor to our interim CEO and also CFO, Miguel Estuado de Andrade.
 Hello, welcome everyone, everybody.
 Thanks for taking the call
 And I hope you had a good summer break
 I'm pleased to present a pretty solid set of results for ADP this morning.
 you'll have seen
 they came out
 last night
 and to take you through it.
 Just before I go through some of the numbers,
 Just to mention that COVID has definitely presented some challenges over these last
 few months that I really
 think it also shows that the strong foundations
 of our business and the resilience
 and the robust response
 that has allowed us to continue to make progress
 on the execution of our strategic business plan.
 We could talk about the years of acquisition in Spain, which we announced in July.
 I mean, that was a significant achievement for us, and it really allows us to grow in activities that we believe are fully aligned with the energy transition, namely networks and renewables.
 We also continue to see important regulatory developments
 and a growing public support for the green agenda technologies in our core markets in Europe and the U.S.
 I think that's come out also
 very intensely over the last couple of months.
 And while I think we've also felt the impact of the COVID pandemic, it's also been really a catalyst for progress in an area where we're very well positioned to generate additional value and more opportunities.
 so it's been a tough couple of months
 but I think it's also highlighted the strength of our business.
 So let's go to the presentation in terms of the highlights for the first half.
 of this period
 EBITDA sells 3% year-on-year to around 1.9 billion euros.
 So on one hand, Deepa's got benefited from the recovery of the hydro in Iberia.
 So close to the historic average in the first half of 2020.
 So compared to a very dry first half of 2019, so the hydro factor was approximately one.
 We also had very robust results in the energy management segment,
 And this was driven by our hedging strategy in the energy markets.
 This benefit is obviously from the significant decline in the energy prices and the increase in the energy market's volatility.
 However, we also saw some negative pressure on the EBITDA from the depreciation of the Brazilian real
 and the contraction of the
 Let's just see demand in some of our key markets.
 I mean, obviously this affected both our supply operations in Iberia and also the performance
 and our distribution business in Brazil
 where it's not unbundled as you know
 the supply and distribution are essentially
 in terms of recurring net
 profits just increased by
 8% to 509 million euros.
 This was exclusively driven by the Iberian business at an increase of 120 million euros, so it almost doubled.
 So I think this is a really strong performance from the Diberian businesses here.
 This more than compensated EDPR and EDP Brazil's lower contribution.
 In addition, we also saw the average cost of debt
 improved by 70 basis points
 to 3.3%.
 and this is essentially
 as we've seen more competitive refinancing costs compared to our maturing debt.
 Overall, the reported net profit decreased by 22%.
 So this was dragged by non-recurring items in the first half of 2020
 Essentially, the key items here are the impairments in the coal assets following the closure or the anticipated closure of Steen's coal plant in 2021.
 We announced that in July.
 and also the one-off cost
 of the hybrid bond we purchased
 which we did in the first quarter of this year.
 Net debt down 2% year-to-date to 14.1 billion euros.
 And obviously this reflects in the first half the payment of the annual dividend in the second quarter,
 which is a recurring event every year,
 more pressure on the second quarter.
 I'd also like to note
 that the net debt in June 2020
 was slapped the person
 of June 19, and so as a result
 the race for Netflix.
 was 3.7 times in June 2020,
 just slightly above the 3.6 in December 19,
 and clearly below the 4.1 shown last year,
 from the year to date, last year, June 19.
 In terms of cash flow, recurring organic cash flow,
 rose 0.3 billion euros to a billion euros.
 This is obviously supported by better performance and activities in which we don't have partners
 and went on to interest, and also
 to lower interest costs.
 to note, our expansion investments
 continue to move forward at a good pace
 and they reach around 0.8 billion euros
 of which almost 90%
 was allocated to new renewable projects
 and the remaining is the expansion
 of electricity networks in Brazil.
 We've also made good progress on the implementation of our strategy post-June 2020.
 So, as you know, we've closed the agreement for the acquisition of gears for the good valuation.
 This includes, as you know, the long-term partnership with Macquarie for the electricity distribution business in Spain.
 it reinforces our regulated
 and long-term contracted risk profile.
 and we've had the opportunity to talk about this in detail in July
 so I won't spend
 much time
 on this
 you know
 You know, obviously associated with this, we raised a billion euros for the rights issue,
 representing around 8.5% increase in share capital.
 But I think this was well-received by the markets,
 It's obviously critical to support the VIAs requisition.
 I'll touch a little bit more on this later on,
 I think the general perception was very positive.
 Finally, we also announced over the last month,
 two asset rotation deals totaling 1.1 billion euros of enterprise value.
 for the first deal
 which we announced in mid-August was 340 megawatts in Spain,
 at an easy multiple of 2.1 million euros per megawatt.
 This is for a portfolio with an average age of nine years.
 The second deal, which we announced this week, refers to 560 megawatts in the U.S.
 at an EV of $2.1 million per megawatt as of COD.
 So I just highlighted as of COD is the reference that we should use.
 implicit valuations in these transactions
 they support the positive outlook that we've shared
 with you in the first quarter conference call
 so I think
 just reinforcing this trend that we've had.
 Let's move forward to the next slide, so on EBITDA and the breakdown by business platform.
 So as I mentioned, consolidated EBITDA down 3% year on year,
 but it would have been flat if we excluded the 4X impact, namely the Brazilian real,
 which depreciated 20% versus the euro.
 within renewables, and despite the 83% increase in our hydro production in Niberium.
 54% below historical average
 the hydro
 the EBITDA had an 8% decline,
 mainly due to the decline in the wind and the solar.
 This in turn is explained by the wind resource in our global wind farms portfolio
 was 9% below long-term average.
 the average capacity in operation decreased by 6%,
 And this is essentially due to the asset rotation last year of 51% stake in a 1 gigawatt wind portfolio.
 Obviously, that has a relevant impact to the EBITDA level.
 several million euros year-on-year impact on EBITDA.
 obviously at the net profit level
 this is much less
 relevant since it's also post-minorities
 Finally, the decrease in asset rotation gains by 74 million euros year on year.
 So in the first half of 2020,
 if you have the rotation gains were 145 million euros.
 reflecting valuation and the shareholding adjustments
 from the transfer of most of our offshore wind assets
 the new 50-50 wind offshore joint venture with ENGIE.
 because you know it's called Ocean Winds.
 Turning to networks, the 7% fall on EBITDA is mostly related to the depreciation of the
 system.
 real in local currency
 the EBITDA from networks in Brazil grew 12%,
 Supported by the expansion of the transmission activities, fully mitigating the 8% decline of electricity demand in our distribution areas.
 In Iberia,
 you could devolution
 reflects the decline of regulated returns
 in Portugal to 4.9% roughly
 and in Spain to around 6%.
 finally
 the improvement in
 client solutions and energy management.
 I think this is a strong improvement.
 It's fully driven by the positive hedging results in Iberia,
 partially offset by the 17% declining EBITDA from supply in Iberia,
 mostly given to contraction and electricity supply volumes by 7%.
 So this was most relevant in the B2B segment, where the decrease in volumes reaching 14%
 and was only partially mitigated by the 1.5% increment in the B2C segment.
 So let's move forward to the next slide on financing costs.
 So here, interest costs down 16%,
 supported by a 70 basis points decline in the average cost of net debt, as I mentioned,
 decrease in the average debt.
 Now, just better performance.
 it can be
 due to the more active debt management
 at the rate of maturing debt
 were much higher
 than those
 for new
 financing
 we've got this here, but it's also
 and it's also a significant reduction in the short-term rates in Brazil.
 So as you can see here on the table on the right-hand side, we continue to have some short-term
 debt maturities with relatively high rates
 that will be maturing over the next quarter.
 this should continue to support the downward trend
 on the average cost of debt over the next couple of years.
 I mean, this is something I think we've been flagging, and you guys have also asked us about this for the last year or so,
 I think we're seeing that
 flowing through now the P&O
 let's move forward to
 the next slide on
 recurring net profit.
 So here, the negative FX impact of DBSI
 is obviously more diluted
 at the EBITDA level and even more
 at the net profit level
 because we typically fund our operations in the local currency.
 below EBIT
 there's a positive impact
 from lower net financing cost.
 and there's also lower minority interest,
 both at EDPR and EDP Brazil.
 This is
 partially offset by a slight increase
 and effective income tax.
 So overall recurring net profit up 8% to 509 million euros.
 reported net profit significantly impacted
 but for the reasons I've already mentioned
 so mainly coal and the repurchase of the hybrid bond and this type.
 Let's move now to strategy and execution, and just a few slides on this and a few key messages.
 Just quickly recapping what we've done.
 since we announced our strategic update back in March 19th.
 I think we've really shown in this period
 a year and a half that we've been
 front loading
 the execution of this plan.
 So this has been really important, particularly given what's happened in the last couple of months with COVID,
 because we've managed to really lock in a lot of value creation
 and to put us on the right path to extract the value
 some growth opportunities
 that we've been developing now for a number of years.
 So in renewables, as you know, 84% of the 7 gigawatt targets for the spirits,
 long-term contracts.
 We're well-positioned now for
 the accelerated growth in Europe and the U.S.
 Brazil, delivering on the transmission project ahead of the regulatory schedule, even taking into account the COVID restrictions.
 years ago, stronger presence in activities
 aligned with the energy transition in our core markets
 and I think also with a significant number of synergies.
 regarding portfolio optimization.
 So we've already closed or agreed more than 55% of the $4 billion proceeds related to
 capital rotation.
 on top of that
 we've bounced
 2.7 billion proceeds from
 two disposals in Iberia, so the six hydro plants in Portugal and the two CGT's in the B2C supply portfolio in Spain.
 overall, I think we consider this
 proactive portfolio restructuring
 has been a major source of value creation.
 on the balance sheet
 obviously reinforces a billion
 years of white tissue
 as mentioned
 reinforce the low operating
 risk profile with the increased rate of funds
 of the regulated activities.
 on efficiency fully on track
 meet targets in our strategic plan
 topics decreasing
 3% year-on-year in the first half of 2020.
 obviously part of that
 to do with COVID
 it, but it also really allows us
 to accelerate some of these savings
 given increased
 digitalization and also greater
 operational efficiency
 that we were redesigning during this period.
 I think it's given us a boost in that respect as well.
 On shareholder remuneration, so we're comfortable with the sustainability of our dividend policy, as you know,
 the 19 cents floor. Target payout
 75-35%
 and we're
 completely committed to reinforcing our green
 position
 and
 accelerating our decarbonization.
 So, as you know, that's a key part of our strategy, and it will continue to be.
 In the first half of 2020, 80% of our electricity production came from renewables.
 And our CO2 emissions factor decreased by 57%.
 Obviously, this was very much supported by the 74% contraction in co-production.
 I've repositioned.
 It's also reinforced not only by the closure of code,
 but also involvement
 in some of the energy transition projects, including
 we're beginning to participate in the green
 hydrogen project in Portugal. We have some storage projects under analysis for
 so to spree, and we also have some
 and renewable projects that we're intent to develop
 and physical school sites,
 start being decommissioned in the south of Spain.
 so definitely
 green position is extremely important
 Let's just move forward to the next slide.
 So just a quick note here on the right tissue.
 so as you know
 it was
 successful 8.5%
 increase, I won't dwell much on this
 but I think the market reaction to the operation
 shows the merits of the combined
 acquisition and the right issue deal.
 I don't know, I think that's something which is done.
 We move forward to the next slide, slide 10.
 I think here this is
 I think an interesting slide.
 and
 So it shows how we're being active in reshaping our Iberian portfolio.
 So, just reminding you, in December, we announced the disposal of six hydroplans in Portugal for the 2.2 billion euros.
 It's already costing the EU merger control approval, and we believe that Portuguese regulatory approvals are also on track.
 In May, we had the sale total of the CCTs in the B2C portfolio.
 EU Merger Control already approved this transaction, as you know, the last couple of weeks.
 And the transaction and the restructuring you carve out of the assets is ongoing.
 So, again, it's on track.
 And then in July, we also announced the acquisition of Viego, more recent deal, so it's still ongoing approvals, both at the European and Spanish regulatory level.
 but again, we think that's on track
 and we expect that to be done by the fourth quarter.
 In fact, we expect all of these transactions
 to be completed in the fourth quarter.
 As we indicated in the strategic update, so the overall aim of the group is to reduce
 merchant price exposure and to really enhance
 the visibility of our revenue by increasing
 our long-term contracted assets.
 So I think these recent transactions are a really strong step in this direction.
 And no steers.
 just regarding the integrated industrial project
 from vehicle.
 We're already working on a plan to be implemented
 in the first 100 days, and expect a kickoff
 just after the financial closing of the transaction.
 but this is something we already have the teams working on this
 and fully developing the 100-day plan.
 Let's just move on to slide 11
 maybe a note here on
 the after rotation
 so
 these last couple of weeks
 to be really busy for the teams here
 in terms of finalizing these deals.
 All right.
 Back in August.
 We announced the sale of 240 megawatts, as I mentioned, in Spain, 2.4 million per megawatt.
 By comparison, our previous asset rotation deal in April was at around a multiple of 1.6.
 so significant uplifting value
 with a slightly older portfolio.
 I think here are the messages.
 There's a lot of competition despite the COVID situation
 and very attractive places.
 This week, we announced a sale of an 80% stake in a 560 megawatt workflow in the U.S.
 for both wind and solar
 We've got an implicit EV multiple of $2.1 million per megawatt, as the COD, as I mentioned.
 If we only consider the wind assets, the multiple would be around $2.4 million per megawatt.
 So that's also a significant increase
 versus our previous transaction in North America.
 to have a pretty easy mod
 post-expansion in these transactions is not only
 due to the lower interest rates both in Europe and in the U.S.
 As you know, the 10-year government bond yields are declined by about 1% in Spain and about 2% in the U.S.
 but we continue to see, as I mentioned, strong appetites among institutional investors
 for these green assets with regulated or long-term contracted revenues.
 So I think there's a strong market there for the product.
 Let's move forward to slide 12.
 and so here in terms of build-out
 So despite the COVID, we've managed to keep a strong execution of the PPAs.
 you have to
 84% of the 7 gigawatts, as I mentioned.
 in terms of project delivery
 there have been
 postponements, as you know, as we've mentioned
 earlier imposed by COVID
 on some construction activities
 and also on the manufacturer's value chain.
 In some cases, this could imply some delays for up to around 500 megawatts of wind capacity,
 which we had under construction in the U.S. for 2020,
 It might slip from the fourth quarter to the first quarter of 2021.
 I don't think this has any impact
 on material impact
 from an evaluation
 perspective, the PTCs will still be there.
 there.
 So it's really just, the COD will be the beginning of 2021.
 As you know, there was this extension
 for versus the previous, the PTC versus the previous target
 of December 2020.
 We're pretty comfortable there.
 In relation to installed capacity, by 2020, though, the number should be offset by the consolidation of the 500 megawatts of wind capacity coming from Diezko,
 and ESO closing is also expected before year-end.
 We're going off for a win.
 JV's done
 So, established ocean winds, as you know, brings positive impact because of the assets that were transferred and the revaluations that were done.
 Two remaining assets to be transferred from our side, Mayflower in the U.S.,
 The wind flows in Portugal before the end of this year.
 And on Angie's side, the Seamate in Belgium,
 it's also expected before the end of this year
 in relation to our project, the Wind Float Atlantic.
 This is commissioned in the summer.
 I mean, I think it's an interesting
 so that's about this project
 It's an interesting milestone for the offshore industry.
 the largest turbine ever installed on the floating platform.
 platform.
 in the two projects, the more, also in relation to Osher,
 so two other
 process that I
 he's at a stage of construction,
 so Seamate in Belgium
 and more East in the UK
 I think
 Also going to be good references for our offshore targets.
 So they continue to evolve in line with the construction schedules, and I think that's on track.
 Let's move on to slide 13.
 in here just
 I think a more
 high level note
 on additional opportunities
 on the grain recovery.
 I think we've seen important developments and public support for the green technologies in general,
 and obviously for
 in particular
 In Europe, a number of mechanisms have been designed by European institutions
 for the economy, the environment, digitalization,
 basically aiming to promote a recovery
 based on a more sustainable economic model.
 So this really fits well with our strategy.
 I think we're really well positioned to benefit from it.
 Overall, the national energy plans estimate over 240 gigawatts of new onshore wind and solar capacity by 2030,
 of which 55% are sponsored to the European countries where we're already present.
 So it's important also not to forget other investments that will be key, namely the hydro, electric mobility, smart grids, where we've also been very active.
 So I think in general, good news for where we are strategically.
 the European institutions
 has also created the Just Transition Fund,
 which can also be used to support the region
 affected by the coal plant shutdown, so I think
 this will also be an added incentive
 to accelerate this transition
 and really accelerate the shutdown of coal
 In the U.S., definitely we benefit from the extension of the PTCs
 and also some pretty ambitious energy transition policies
 that will be discussed in the run-up to November's election.
 Again,
 Pretty exciting times, I think, for the green economy.
 So now let's move to slide 14, and just a word on Brazil.
 Brazil's obviously been significantly impacted by the pandemic.
 But I think it's also been interesting to see that the Brazilian institutions have reacted,
 And I think it's a really solid way to create several mechanisms to support electricity companies and sector and the consumers.
 And so just to highlight a couple of these,
 the distribution, and I would like to mention
 in the creation of the COVID account.
 So this increases the liquidity for the company.
 it's also passed through
 costs related to the
 COVID impact
 due to the surplus of long-term contract electricity volumes.
 So, last July, EDP Brazil got essentially around 600 million reais referring to the
 COVID account, which reinforced the financial liquidity.
 so it was a good measure for the sector as a whole
 and obviously we benefited from that
 In generation, there was a recent approval by the Senate of new legislation to solve the GFNF issue.
 I think this is a critical step to reduce the regulatory uncertainty.
 There's still the presidential approval, which is required to proceed with the release of the detailed rules from the regulator.
 the solution involves
 the extension of the concession periods
 for some hydro plants
 in exchange for some upfront payments
 and we'll solve some pending financial settlements.
 And so it's all some uncertainty that existed until now.
 So I think that's also an important step that took place in August.
 In transmission, we had some delays in the construction works, given the COVID,
 that construction has resumed, 71% of the total CAPEX
 The six transmission lines was already executed.
 last month
 we announce the completion
 of the second part
 of Lot 11
 in the Mediterranean state. It's fully operational
 on out 12 months
 ahead of regulatory schedule.
 And regarding future transmission options,
 We'll obviously continue to review opportunities,
 but we'll also be disciplined in the way
 approach cases. As you know, we are
 when we go into these options.
 Looking at the macro environment and strong depreciation of Brazilian real,
 So that worsens our financial euros, but also some positive indicators from a macro view in Brazil,
 namely really low interest rates
 I mean record low interest rates
 The SELIC is the benchmark rate
 is recently reset at 2% by the Brazilian Central Bank.
 So, in that sense, also greatly reducing the funding costs in Brazil.
 In March 2020, at the beginning of the crisis,
 Brazil took several preventive measures to protect financial liquidity.
 The OOC was for a lot of uncertainty at the time.
 so they initially cut the dividend proposal
 and had some CapEx
 postponement and increase of credit
 blind. So as a result, they had
 a very strong
 financial liquidity of 3.4 billion
 realize the low leverage
 of around two times
 and I'll tell you about that.
 But given they're in a strong position,
 things seem to be recovering.
 Brazil just now announced a share buyback program
 and a clarification on this dividend policy,
 significant sort of the one real per share
 50% payout on adjusted net profit.
 So, this is very much in line with the different proposals announced by Brazil in March.
 is withdrawn because of the COVID
 but we're now reaffirming that
 and maintaining that for the next three years.
 In the press release that the company made, it was also stated that the absence of investment opportunities in Brazil as attractive conditions,
 the remaining cash flow would be distributed either as buybacks or additional dividends.
 So basically the idea is to have an optimized capital structure in Brazil and make sure that it's efficient.
 So let's just move to slide 15, talk a little bit about something which I know also interests
 many of you, which is the beer and energy markets.
 Those, as I already mentioned, we had pretty solid results in energy management in the first half.
 This compensated the negative effects from weaker volumes and lower energy prices.
 For the rest of the year, we expect much lower energy management results,
 Below the average of the last five semesters, but really the first half and particularly the first quarter was exceptionally good
 and obviously going forward
 So for the remaining month of the year, the second half,
 I mean, it will be – the reason for this is on the back of hedging in the – it's got to do with seasonality and basically the recovery of energy prices.
 So, just wanted to remind you, though, that this expectation is already reflected in our guidance, which we've been providing.
 also in relation to 21
 and also something like to highlight
 and we've been doing that over the last couple of months
 We are reducing our merchant exposure.
 So the disposal of the hydra, as I mentioned, CCG, the CGT plant, the B2C portfolio, the shutdown of the coal.
 and so all of this contributes to reducing our emergent exposure in Iberia.
 We also have now almost 100% of our hydro and nuclear production hedge
 at an average price of around 45 euros per megawatt hour.
 So this is the line with the four advices.
 and 60% of our expected gas production, CCGT production,
 in that mid-single-digit spread on average.
 This is the century of 2021.
 so let's just
 measure on site 16
 on impact
 Just to say, as I've mentioned before, it really shows that throughout this really challenging time,
 We have shown a lot of resilience, particularly the second quarter of 2020 was particularly
 tough in terms of the lockdown, in terms of the impact
 on the economy
 and I think despite that we were able to have
 you know
 Solid results.
 of course
 this has to do also with the
 adaption capacity of the company
 but also our people.
 So there's a lot of focus here on the business plan execution throughout this period,
 despite the lockdown and everyone being remote.
 There was a lot of support to our suppliers, to clients, I mean, just generally the community.
 So I think, in general, we try to really have a holistic stakeholder view here.
 This translated also into a good quality of service, also even in terms of both supply
 and the distribution
 coming out of this
 I think there's really an opportunity to take some of the lessons learned
 and benefit, not only from an efficiency
 point of view,
 solidly relevant
 digitalization
 but I think also new ways of working
 And so I think this is really making us also reflect on how we, even post-pandemic,
 how we'll reflect that in the way
 people interact here in the office
 and everything
 And so I think that will bring a lot of benefits also in terms of motivation for our team.
 Last slide.
 Let's just move in to summary.
 So we're maintaining the financial guidance that we shared with you just a month ago
 in the VIAs requisition and the right issue presentation.
 So despite 2020 being difficult for COVID,
 we are keeping
 solid earnings resilience.
 Recurring EBITDA, $3.6 billion.
 recurring net income
 .85, .9
 target
 As you know, our recurring net profit assumes the status is non-recurring.
 So if you take that out, we're sort of going to point date and including the set.
 In terms of the deals we expect to do in the fourth quarter,
 we expect to conclude
 in the fourth quarter.
 I think that will be positive, obviously, for the post-2020 years.
 So we see years go clearly earnings-enhancing, significant value from the industrial project.
 And also, I think the better-than-expected terms of the after-location deals also allow
 take a more optimistic view
 versus our strategic plan assumptions
 regarding the transactions over the next couple of years.
 so we still have
 around $2 billion,
 There's probably less than that to do in the next couple of years.
 I think what we've seen in terms
 So then after rotations over the last 18 months, 24 months,
 This has allowed us to be slightly more optimistic versus our consumption.
 We also see improved growth opportunities for renewables, both wind on shore, offshore,
 solar hybrids, it may include also storage,
 green hydrogen, I think there's a lot of
 a lot of moving pieces here
 which I think will give us good opportunities to create value,
 improve the economics.
 A lot of public support, both in Europe and in the U.S.
 So I think, you know, we have some tailwinds here.
 the portfolio restructuring
 and the focus goes
 in the long-term contracted
 and that
 regular
 activities
 also
 thank you
 reduce our merchant exposure and improve our low-risk profile.
 adapt together with very supportive credit markets
 and lower yields for longer
 which would allow us to also continue to reduce our average cost of debt.
 So this overall combined effect allows us to feel comfortable about the dividend policy, as I mentioned.
 And so just generally, I think we continue to see a very positive outlook regarding EDP's capacity to lead this energy transition
 to really continue to create value for our stakeholders and our shareholders, obviously.
 So we obviously then have a couple of annexes.
 I'm not going to go through that,
 but you have a lot of the information
 we typically provide
 in other presentations,
 You can refer to that in the Q&A if necessary.
 I'll just stop here and turn it back over to Miguel Villanueva.
 can start now the Q&A session
 maybe we start
 Please read the buttons on the phone, please.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question at this time, please press
 star 1 on your telephone check-out. To cancel your question, please press star 2. We will
 take our first question from Mr. and also Alberto Gandolfi from Goldman Sachs.
 Thank you.
 Please go inside.
 Thank you.
 Thank you so much for taking my questions.
 I will stick to three and the first one is
 a bit pedantic and I apologize
 in advance. But just to be clear on your
 3.6 billion EBITDA for
 2020 and
 0.85 to 0.9 billion
 you call it recurring
 I think out there there's different definitions by different, you know, people like analysts, investors.
 would you be so kind to tell us
 how much
 asset rotation or
 Offshore JV games
 You are
 included in there
 And what one of costs do you include in there?
 I tell you this
 because you're talking about
 190 million one-off cost
 from the bottom line, from CNASH, the liability management,
 and the purchases of bond and the extraordinary tax,
 but you don't explain it here.
 that also
 no recovery
 So I was wondering, you know, how you treat that here.
 And lastly, you know, you're not really giving here a big COVID impact like some of your competitors.
 So I was wondering, can you give us a million euro figure in back from COVID, you know, not currency, but perhaps just volumes and maybe adjust it for some of the extra gains in energy management you have?
 So it would be great to really get to a clean, clean, clean figure here
 to understand your underlying
 Underline Earnings Power, which I believe is the key debate today.
 Second question, I'm really intrigued, Miguel, by your comment that talked about, you know, 85% secured of the 7 gigawatt.
 And if I put that together with your recent balance sheet measures,
 Very interesting, the sentence you used there.
 you said we are web positions for growth opportunities in Europe and the U.S.
 Can you elaborate on that?
 the balance sheet of EDP
 by year-end, once you close all those transactions,
 It's probably going to be five billion stronger.
 You know, really 5 billion broadly.
 securitization,
 interpretation,
 this
 What are you going to do with all this money?
 I mean, I guess, you know, growth opportunities, you talk about the renewable, can you give us more?
 tell us what is the organization
 ready to deploy?
 Is it going to 3, to 3.5, 4 gigawatts, you know,
 within the next three years of gross capacity additions?
 I'm not asking you a preview of the CMD
 but just trying to understand
 the potential here.
 last question
 very quick, also quite surprised, given that most of your enterprise value is renewables,
 you do not seem to show a pipeline here
 Can you share it with us, a growth pipeline?
 we know some projects
 will never materialize.
 we know some projects
 we know you need to keep
 everyday working to beef up the pipeline
 but can you tell us as an app show what is it today?
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you all.
 Thank you.
 in relation to your first question,
 just how much
 asset rotation is in
 the recurring numbers I was talking about.
 We're expecting that for the full year, we should be close to 0.4.
 and so I think
 We had 145 in the first half, and we've had two recent deals, which will be, as I said,
 Closing in the second quarter.
 and I think from the multiples you can assume
 and there's obviously going to be
 relevant capital gains associated with that so I think
 will be well ahead of what was our initial expectation.
 That's allowing us to mitigate the impacts of the COVID,
 which was the second part of this question.
 so after rotations
 close to 0.4
 And what I would like to highlight, though, also, it does show the recurring power of this business model.
 because it's not 1, it's not 2, it's not 3, it's not 4
 already several transactions
 that we've been doing over the last
 couple of years
 or not certainly the last two years
 majority stakes where we have
 consistently shown
 not only the market appetite for these assets,
 but also the interest and the sort of detractiveness of these assets,
 which has obviously increased even
 during this period
 And also, in this question, in terms of one-off costs.
 So, as I say, in Finnish, we're obviously impairing the asset value.
 We're also impairing some of the coal value and restructuring costs associated with that.
 the liability management
 is what it is
 It's obviously the hybrid
 and buyback we did at the beginning of the year
 in the stands as well
 I think this is detailed in the presentation.
 um
 But essentially that's sort of the one-off
 which is clearly signaled and is not part of these numbers.
 in relation to the Spanish call
 we'd already done that
 last year
 so really the big
 the cold is really
 as soon as
 now in the second quarter
 in relation to COVID.
 So we were obviously impacted by COVID and heavily impacted by COVID.
 everyone was
 it has an
 back to people
 at that level
 let's say
 above
 0.1 billion
 in terms of
 but then
 Don't forget, a lot of this was also in Brazil.
 to the net profit line
 It's mitigated.
 and in Iberia
 it was also
 impacted our
 commercial business
 and
 But then that was also mitigated by part of our energy management.
 So I certainly wouldn't draw the assumption on the contrary.
 we were heavily impacted by COVID
 but fortunately we also had other
 levers
 which then allowed us to mitigate that impact.
 so that on a recurring basis, we ended up in a good place.
 You will listen to your second question.
 So then
 small position for
 growth.
 Listen, I think we're focused on the business plan.
 As I mentioned, we're still at 84%.
 If you can look at it as we're positive, we're 84.
 and say that we still have some work to do
 to get to the 100%.
 We would look at going to the market at the beginning of 2021 and providing an update on how we see the company going forward for the next couple of years.
 you know, and we would then be able to elaborate a little bit more.
 But just also in relation to this question, I think it's a relevant point.
 I mean, our balance sheet will be at the end of the year where we wanted it to be.
 In other words, we are still a BBB minus rating,
 and we have the objective
 of trying to move to a BBB rating.
 And so that means that we need to be consistent
 in the way that we
 that we move in this direction
 So it's not the transactions we're doing are allowing us to get a little bit more freedom
 and to move towards the BBB doesn't mean we're suddenly, you know,
 have a huge amount of space
 And so, we are moving in the right direction, but on track.
 in line with what's expected.
 so I'd say that's
 in relation to the capacity for more growth,
 Really, I'd like to probably answer that when we do a full DMV, when we can take all the
 pieces, put them together
 and have a sort of a solid, coherent plan
 rather than just answering the part of it
 in relation specifically to renewables.
 in growth pipeline
 the third question
 You're right, we don't typically provide
 with a lot of information on pipeline.
 you know, obviously as we go on closing the PPAs,
 we provide that.
 we have a very large pipeline,
 which has allowed us to feed,
 and it's basically a funnel,
 and I think we've talked about this a little bit in the past in some of the conversations,
 that sometimes you need to be developing
 in this pipeline
 for
 four, five, six years in different geographies
 until you actually get it to maturity.
 So we don't provide that information.
 information, but
 I think the fact that we are able
 to deliver the PPAs and deliver the growth
 shows that it's a pretty solid pipeline
 that we have that's backing that
 and have fun
 Sorry, Miguel, just to be clear on the first answer, and thank you, that was very comprehensive.
 So you have 400 million gains from rotation before taxes, and those not a very high tax rate here.
 And then you have $200 million one-off cost, $100 million volume cost, both on a pre-tax basis and on the $100 million, some of it is a big chunk of it.
 so it's kind of
 if I were to think
 EBITDA would be 400 games
 and 300 costs, right?
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 Roughly.
 Thank you so much.
 Bye then.
 We will take our next question from the line of Harry Weiber from Bank of America.
 Hi everyone. Three questions from me, please.
 So first two, I'm afraid, also on the guidance.
 so I just kind of
 sense
 Rewinding back to May
 at your first call to results.
 it's a fairly
 update and I think
 certainly my interpretation was that the wind was sort of more blowing towards
 this year coming out ahead of guidance
 that you sort of updated it
 and the range you've given
 to perhaps a touch below
 if you're pedantic.
 What I'm interested in is
 what's
 change, you sort of alluded to
 a less good outlook in the second half
 for Iberia retail.
 so compared to where we were when we were last speaking in sort of early to mid-May
 what's really changed
 in the second half
 or has there been a sort of negative movement in the outlook for retail
 or any other part of the business that perhaps it means
 with kind of less looking at a kind of guidance upgrade or beat?
 Or is it just that the COVID impacts are actually bigger than what you'd anticipated back in May?
 Second one
 sort of very granular
 mainly yes, no
 question.
 So just the 0.85 to 0.9 guidance and the 0.4 of gains includes an assumption for the remaining assets that are going to be folded into the NGJV, or would that be upside to those figures?
 And what are you assuming for the U.S. dollar in your 0.85 to 0.9?
 So, is that based upon a mark-to-market as of today?
 and then third and final question
 just on the legal case
 So as I understand it, there's now a potential legal case where EDP would be a defendant.
 can you just
 help us understand the timeline on that case.
 Is that something that is expected perhaps to drag on for years or tens of years?
 or is this something that you think could come to the heads relatively quickly?
 Thank you.
 Okay, Harry.
 So, thanks for the questions.
 so maybe on
 positives and negatives versus
 May.
 So I think it may factor in a lot of the moving pieces, which, as you know,
 So, as I mentioned earlier, we were hit hard by COVID.
 there are also some
 positive that we were already beginning to see.
 and so we
 sort of
 built that
 into our view
 at the
 time
 positive
 we have already seen the lower interest rates
 We were seeing already higher gains in the asset rotation.
 some of the negatives
 let's say
 been highlighted over the last couple of months.
 A stronger
 devaluation of the Brazilian Real
 Well, obviously, the demand.
 So I think, you know, definitely those pieces have continued to move,
 but the positive ones
 we've already seen
 I think the Brazilian world has continued to devalue a little bit further versus where we were back in May.
 And in terms of the energy management also for the remaining part of the year,
 I think, as I mentioned, we had an extremely
 extraordinarily strong
 first quarter
 second quarter
 was good, but
 obviously less strong
 and typically the second half of the year
 is less strong than the first half.
 So, as I mentioned, that's also already all built into our target.
 So, you know, we're already now in September.
 where you have a chance to sort of incorporate
 the latest assumptions
 and I think these positives and negatives
 lead us to be comfortable with the guidance
 we provided a month ago.
 in relation to your question on the net profit.
 So, yes, the guidance already assumes the gain that may come in from moving the remaining projects into the JV, so that's also built in.
 Well, it's essentially Mayflower and Seamade,
 which are the ones that have,
 will have the greatest impact on that.
 so that
 you answered a quick question
 And I think you also asked about the euro dollar.
 That's 1.15, roughly, is what we were assuming for that forecast.
 in relation to the legal case
 There's not really very much I can add
 to what we said
 in the past
 so
 The timeline is uncertain, but certainly it's something that we don't expect a lot of news in the short term.
 could drag on, as you know, the legal cases in Portugal typically do drag on for a number of years.
 there's not any information
 that I can provide
 No news in this respect.
 August is a pretty slow month,
 judicial holidays
 and
 nothing more to say here
 and then he said
 just perhaps
 a
 Just on the legal case, have you had to provision anything in your accounts for that?
 No.
 Thank you.
 be very
 I'll be very clear about that.
 We have not provisioned, and we have no intention of provisioning.
 I mean, there's, in fact, there's not even any number out there that we could possibly even try to understand what, you know, have a reference for that.
 So no provision, no intention of provisioning, and not even a reference that exists.
 Got it. Very clear. Thank you.
 We can go to the next question on the phone, please.
 We will take our next question from the line of Arthur Sitburn from Morgan Stanley.
 Bye now.
 All right, now the next question comes from Manuel Palomo from Etra.
 Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I've just got two questions. Well, one regarding Portugal, in which I will ask you to please update us on the latest on the Stalin-Iranians attacks.
 And two, related to recent auction and what's your view on the results from that auction
 and why you did not gain any...
 while you were not awarded any of these projects under the different optionalities for the options.
 second one
 And again, I'm not trying to preview your CMV in the future, but I was wondering whether
 you could tell us what is the run rate in terms of installations that EVPR could do. Are you
 already at the peak of
 that or
 room for improvement
 in the coming future.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Mano. So, in relation to the Portuguese regulation, I think, you know, essentially we have three different topics that we typically talk about, which is the sales, the callback, and the social tariff.
 I would say that
 In relation to the FIS, the Extraordinary Tax,
 further the commitment
 to have this
 evolve and that was
 set out in the government budget
 for the year
 that it should be reduced
 in line with the system debt.
 Unfortunately, this coincided with the COVID.
 and so the system debt
 is actually not expected to decline
 this year
 we do expect it to continue to decline going forward
 because the COVID is obviously a one-off impact,
 so it creates short-term pressure this year
 But then we continue, when we look forward, when we project the tariffs going forward and the system dead,
 we continue to see it completely sustainable
 fall away
 for the next couple of years.
 So in that respect,
 I think that political
 commencement is still there
 and it's a question now of following this
 and seeing how it evolves.
 In relation to the callback, again, I think maybe some positive news on that,
 which we hope will come out over the next couple of weeks maybe.
 essentially
 some steps were taken
 as you know
 than
 sector
 state
 already mentioned
 that we should net off
 the sales and the social tariff against the callback.
 And so that now needs to be detailed and reflected
 in specific regulatory regulation,
 and that's being done.
 So hopefully we'll have some news coming out of that in terms of the social tariff.
 not really any news on that
 so no change there
 So that's poetry's regulation.
 in terms of solar
 auction.
 we obviously go to these auctions
 and we participate the same way we participate
 bigger than many other auctions around the world.
 And, you know, we do our best.
 We set up the teams.
 We try to find the locations
 We use our pipeline
 But then we're also disciplined about what we see as the returns that we expect for these type of projects.
 And so we'll go in and we'll have a price that we're willing to go to, and then if it goes beyond that, then we'll step out and we'll invest elsewhere.
 I think it was interesting to see
 the solar auction
 So obviously we'd also participated last year.
 We were awarded, not in the auction, but afterwards with the project there.
 but this year it had a particularity,
 which is you could also bid with storage.
 75% of the solar of the 700 megawatts ended up being taken in the modality which is solar plus storage.
 That ended up being extremely competitive, say, on a CFD basis.
 If we had to do, in one case, it was 11 euros per megawatt hour.
 In some cases, it could even potentially be negative.
 so very aggressive prices
 I have to also mention here that half of those megawatts were won by a South Korean company,
 which is also a producer of panels
 in storage, so they may have
 say a different view
 on the economics
 and so they were able
 to be more competitive there.
 can't really tell, but I guess it would be
 an earlier
 interesting
 trying to understand a little bit more
 of those
 economics
 there.
 It's part
 of life
 I mean
 we go to
 these
 auctions, we win some, we lose some, and that's
 We just have to be disciplined in how we approach this.
 So clearly we're ramping up, as you know, in renewables.
 We were at a run rate of around 700 megawatts, and we're ramping up to around 2 gigawatts.
 we have the pipeline
 And I think that's something that we've all stressed is the big change,
 I think strategically that we had
 was to build as much as we can
 and then, if necessary, sell part of it
 to continue to recycle that capital.
 from an organizational perspective
 we've also been ramping up
 we've been hiring a lot of people
 we've been sort of building out the organization
 obviously to match that.
 So this year we will be already, obviously now with the COVID, it's been slightly delayed.
 the number of megawatts
 we're building this year,
 we'd already be getting close to gigawatts,
 So within the 1.5 to 1.9 type range.
 As I said, some of those makeouts have slipped into 2021,
 but I think the organization is there.
 So we continue to ramp up the organization.
 I think we had the heart of it, you know, the core that we already had in terms of energy assessment,
 in terms of the relationship with the turbine manufacturers.
 so I think that's there
 And so we're really fleshing out in the different markets and in the markets where we already are
 to make sure we can continue to deliver those megawatts.
 So, I mean, this is all just to say
 If we're comfortable with the run rate of the two gigawatts,
 I'd wait to see sort of the full CMV
 to talk about any other numbers apart from that.
 I think we'll try now to answer some questions from the web.
 We have
 here are some questions regarding
 get
 vehicle acquisition
 in terms of
 integration
 so it's definitely
 from Credit Suisse and
 George Guimarães
 from GB Capital, are you in position to provide more detail on the expected synergies and
 Thanks, David.
 Thank you.
 go
 you
 is now possible to provide more detailed view
 about potential synergies
 and also Jorge Alonso with the same direction.
 Here you go.
 Yep.
 So, first, as I mentioned, we're focused now on executing the M&A and trying to get that
 close by the end of the year and you're getting
 this through the different regulatory hurdles.
 We're also, in parallel, working on the integration plan for the first 100 days.
 So the tools will be basically doubling our size
 more than doubling our size in networks
 for permanent concessions
 be combining two industrial projects.
 so obviously I think we can all
 intuitively understand that this has
 a lot of value creation potential.
 Um
 I've seen some of the numbers
 from some of you guys
 from some side analysts, and we're comfortable
 those numbers.
 I think they're aligned with the benchmark for these kinds of deals.
 This is certainly our internal numbers,
 It would not be very different from those, but I really can't share much more detail than that.
 I would just also say in relation to the tax issue,
 I mean, obviously, since we will have more than 75% in the distribution and holding company,
 we will have the full fiscal consolidation within the EDP Spain perimeter.
 So we expect that to also generate significant salary.
 We have then a question also regarding, from George Guimarães,
 in terms of
 cool plants
 of the years go impact on
 which year in 2021
 And I think this is quite easy.
 We don't expect any BTA contributions.
 We expect that all the extraordinary costs for shutdown will be already accounted both in 2019 and 2020.
 and finally
 I think we are reaching
 the end of the poll.
 We have a last one on the fixed income from James Farrow, PNP Paribras.
 Can you talk about your funding needs after the capital increase and recent asset sales
 having issued equity
 you no longer need to issue
 I read that
 Will the focus be more on issuing cheaper senior adept in the future?
 yeah
 the answer here is yes
 We'll continue to issue senior debt
 Probably most of it will either be euros or dollars.
 We also think it's important to continue to issue dollars since most of our growth or part of our growth is also U.S.-driven, dollar-driven.
 hybrids. Listen, they're a tool.
 and we may use them in the future, so I would never say never.
 we need to reinforce the threat of metrics,
 but certainly we don't have any plans
 to do that at the moment
 and you know
 Thank you.
 focus on executing the
 the leverage plan, which doesn't require
 any more habits for that
 the capital increase
 This was obviously just necessary because of the VIAs requisition.
 I think with this we can conclude.
 Any final remarks?
 Listen, I think it's, you know,
 it's been a
 Obviously, the second quarter was a tough quarter,
 and we would have liked to go
 I'll talk to you guys in July and present on that.
 but as you know it wasn't possible
 I think we are very comfortable
 we had solid results
 We're comfortable with the guidance.
 where comfortable
 in terms of the after-votation deals,
 We're comfortable in terms of the way we're managing the energy management.
 so we're feeling
 very positive about the company
 and
 you know
 and several of you raised this in terms of our future prospects.
 to have a
 let's say
 a
 a comprehensive
 discussion
 in
 presentation to all
 on this
 in the future
 certainly where
 you know, we're feeling very good about the company
 about the prospects going forward.
 I think we're in a good place.
 We finished the call.
 thank you very much for your participation
 and hope to have you in the next weeks
 in some interactions
 in several conferences
 and then on the third quarter results
 Compass Call that is reaching
 very close already.
 Bye
 Thank you.
 Let's conclude today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation.
 you may now disconnect.
 Thank you.