 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ADP's First Health 2020 result presentation. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. If you should require any assistance during this call, please press star 0. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Miguel Viana, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for being with us today in the conference call on ADP's First Health 2020 results, which this time the results are being reported exceptionally right after the summer holiday period. We hope you manage to take some rest and recharge batteries. We'll begin with the main highlights on the results, and then we'll provide an update on the strategy execution. We'll then move to the June 8th session, in which we'll be taking your questions both by phone and via our web page, www.edp.com. The call is expected to last no more than 60 minutes. I'll give now the floor to our interim CEO and also CFO, Miguel Estuola-Andrade. Hello. Welcome, everybody. Thanks for taking the call, and I hope you have a good summer break. I'm pleased to present a pretty solid set of results for ADP this morning. You'll have seen it came out last night, and to take you through it. Maybe just before I go through some of the numbers, just to mention that COVID has definitely presented some challenges over these last few months, but I really think it also shows that the strong foundations of our business and the resilience and the robust response has allowed us to continue to make progress on the execution of our strategic business plan. We could talk about the DSRA acquisition in Spain, which we announced in July. I mean, that was a significant achievement for us, and it really allows us to grow in activities that we believe are fully aligned with the energy transition, namely networks and renewables. We also continue to see important regulatory developments and a growing public support for the green agenda technologies in our core markets in Europe and the U.S. I think that's come out also very intensely over the last couple of months. And while I think we've also felt the impact of the COVID pandemic, it's also been really a catalyst for progress in an area where we're very well positioned to generate additional value and more opportunities. So it's been a tough couple of months, but I think it's also highlighted the strength of our business. So let's go to the presentation in terms of the highlights for the first half. So in this period, EBITDA fell 3% year-on-year to around 1.9 billion euros. So on one hand, EBITDA benefited from the recovery of the hydro in Iberia to close to the historic average in the first half of 2020, so compared to a very dry first half of 2019. So the hydro factor was approximately one. We also had very robust results in the energy management segment, and this was driven by our hedging strategy in the energy markets. This benefited obviously from the significant decline in the energy prices and the increase in the energy markets volatility. However, we also saw some negative pressure on EBITDA from the depreciation of the Brazilian real and the contraction of the electricity demand in some of our key markets. I mean, obviously, this affected both our supply operations in Iberia and also the performance in our distribution business in Brazil, where it's not unbundled. As you know, the supply and distribution are essentially the same thing. In terms of recurring net profit, this increased by 8% to 509 million euros. This was exclusively driven by the Iberian business at an increase of 120 million euros, so it almost doubled. So I think this was a really strong performance from the Iberian business this year. This more than compensated EDPR and EDP Brazil's lower contribution. In addition, we also saw the average cost of debt improved by 70 basis points to 3.3%, and this is essentially as we've seen more competitive refinancing costs compared to our maturing debt. Overall, the reported net profit decreased by 22%. So this was dragged by non-recurring items in the first half of 2020. Essentially, the key items here are the impairments in the coal assets following the closure, or the anticipated closure of the Siege coal plant in 2021. We announced that in July. And also the one-off cost of the hybrid bond we purchased, which we did in the first quarter of this year. Net debt down 2% year-to-date to 14.1 billion euros. Obviously, this reflects in the first half the payment of the annual dividend in the second quarter, which is a recurring event every year, so there's more pressure on the second quarter. Also, I'd like to note that the net debt in June 2020 was flat versus June 19. So as a result, the ratio of net debt to EBITDA was 3.7 times in June 2020, just slightly above the 3.6 in December 19, and clearly below the 4.1 shown last year, June 19. In terms of cash flow, recurring organic cash flow rose 0.3 billion euros to a billion euros. This is obviously supported by better performance and activities in which we don't have partners or minority interests, and also the lower interest costs. So despite the COVID restrictions, and I think this is important to note, our expansion investments continue to move forward at a good pace, and they reached around 0.8 billion euros, of which almost 90% was allocated to new renewable projects. And the remaining expansion of electricity networks in Brazil. We've also made good progress on the implementation of our strategy post-June 2020. So as you know, we've closed the agreement for the acquisition of years for the good valuation. This includes, as you know, the long-term partnership with Macquarie for the electricity distribution business in Spain. It reinforces our regulated and long-term contracted risk profile. And we've had the opportunity to talk about this in detail in July, so I won't spend much time on this. You know, obviously associated with this, we raised a billion euros for the rights issue, representing around 8.5% increase in share capital. But I think this was well-received by the markets. It's obviously critical to support the deals by acquisition. I'll touch a little bit more on this later on, but I think the general perception was very positive. Finally, we also announced over the last month two asset rotation deals totaling 1.1 billion euros of enterprise value. So the first deal, which we announced in mid-August, was 240 megawatts in Spain at an EV multiple of 2.1 million euros per megawatt. This was for a portfolio with an average age of nine years. The second deal, which we announced this week, refers to 560 megawatts in the U.S. That is an EV of 2.1 million dollars per megawatt as of COD. So I just highlighted as of COD is the reference that we should use. Implicit valuations in these transactions, they support the positive outlook that we've shared with you in the first quarter conference call. So I think it's just reinforcing this trend that we've had. Let's move forward to the next slide. So on EBITDA and the breakdown by business platform. So as I mentioned, consolidated EBITDA down 3% year on year, but it would have been flat if we excluded the 4x impact, namely the Brazilian real, which depreciated 20% versus the euro. Within renewables, and despite the 83% increase in our hydro production in Niberium, 54% below historical average, the EBITDA had an 8% decline, mainly due to the decline in the wind and the solar. This in turn is explained by the wind resource in our global wind farms portfolio with 9% below long-term average. The average capacity in operation decreased by 6%, and this is essentially due to the asset rotation last year of 51% stake in a 1-gigawatt wind portfolio. So obviously that has a relevant impact at the EBITDA level. It was 87 million euros year-on-year impact on EBITDA. Obviously at the net profit level, this is much less relevant since it's also a post-minority. Finally, the decrease in asset rotation gains by 74 million euros year-on-year. So in the first half of 2020, the asset rotation gains were 145 million euros, reflecting the valuation and the shareholding adjustments from the transfer of most of our offshore wind assets, the new 50-50 wind offshore joint venture with ENGIE. As you know, it's called Ocean Winds. Turning to networks, the 7% fall on EBITDA is mostly related to the depreciation of the Brazilian real. In local currency, EBITDA from networks in Brazil grew 12%, supported by the expansion of the transmission activities, fully mitigating the 8% decline of electricity demand in our distribution areas. In Iberia, EBITDA evolution reflects the decline of regulated returns in Portugal to 4.9% roughly, and in Spain to around 6%. Finally, the improvement in client solutions and energy management. I think this is a strong improvement. It's fully driven by the positive hedging results in Iberia, partially offset by the 17% declining EBITDA from supply in Iberia, mostly given the contraction of electricity supply volumes by 7%. So this was most relevant in the B2B segment, where the decrease in volumes reaching 14% and was only partially mitigated by the 1.5% increments in the B2C segment. So let's move forward to the next slide on financing costs. So here, interest costs down 16%, supported by a 70 basis points decline in the average cost of net debt, as I mentioned, and a 6% decrease in the average debt. Now, this better performance can be due to the more active debt management, as the rates of maturing debt were much higher than those for new financing we've got this year. But it's also, and also to mention, there's also a significant reduction in the short-term rates in Brazil. So as you can see here on the table on the right-hand side, we continue to have some short-term debt maturities with relatively high rates that will be maturing over the next quarter. So this should continue to support the downward trend on the average cost of debt over the next couple of years. I mean, this is something I think we've been flagging, and you guys have also asked us about this for the last year or so, and I think we're seeing that flowing through now the P&O. Let's move forward to the next slide on recurring net profit. So here, the negative effects, in fact, at EBITDA, is obviously more diluted at the EBIT level and even more at the net profit level, because we typically fund our operations in the local currency. Below EBIT, there's a positive impact from lower net financing costs, and there's also lower minority interest, both at EDPR and EDP Brazil. This is partially offset by a slight increase in effective income tax. So overall recurring net profit up 8% to 509 million euros. Reported net profit significantly impacted, but for the reasons I've already mentioned, so namely coal and the repurchase of the hybrid bond and this type. Let's move now to strategy and execution, and just a few slides on this and a few key messages. Just quickly recapping what we've done since we announced our strategic update back in March 19. So I think we've really shown in this period, it's basically a year and a half, that we've been front-loading the execution of this plan. So this has been really important, particularly given what's happened in the last couple of months with COVID, because we've managed to really lock in a lot of value creation and to put us on the right path to extract the value from growth opportunities that we've been developing now for a number of years. So in renewables, as you know, 84% of the 7 gigawatt targets for the spirits, long-term contracts. We're well-positioned now for the accelerated growth in Europe and the U.S. Brazil, delivering on the transmission project ahead of the regulatory schedule, even taking into account the COVID restrictions. Years ago, stronger presence in activities aligned with the energy transition in our core markets and I think also with a significant number of synergies. Regarding portfolio optimization, so we've already closed or agreed more than 55% of the 4 billion proceeds related to capital rotation. On top of that, we've announced 2.7 billion proceeds from two disposals in Iberia, so the six hydro plants in Portugal and the two CGGTs and the B2C supply portfolio in Spain. So overall, I think we consider this proactive portfolio restructuring as being a major source of value creation. On the balance sheet, obviously reinforced with the billion euros of right tissue, as mentioned, reinforced the low operating risk profile with the increased weight of funds for the regulated activities. On efficiency, fully on track to meet targets in our strategic plan, OPEC's decreasing 3% year on year in the first half of 2020. Obviously, part of that to do with COVID, but it also really allows us to accelerate some of these savings given increased digitalization and also greater operational efficiency that we were redesigning during this period. So I think it's given us a boost in that respect as well. On shareholder remuneration, so we're comfortable with the sustainability of our dividend policy. As you know, it's a 19 cents floor, target payout 75-35%, and we're completely committed to reinforcing our green position and accelerating our decarbonization. So as you know, that's a key part of our strategy, and it will continue to be. In the first half of 2020, 80% of our electricity production came from renewables, and our CO2 emissions factor decreased by 57%. Obviously, this is very much supported by the 74% contraction in coal production. Our green position is also reinforced not only by the closure of coal, but also involvement in some of the energy transition projects, including we're beginning to participate in a green hydrogen project in Portugal. We have some storage projects under analysis for SOTUS III, and we also have some renewable projects that we're intent to develop in Viesgos coal sites, which are being decommissioned in the south of Spain. So definitely green position is extremely important for us. Let's just move forward to the next slide. So just a quick note here on the right issue. So as you know, it was a successful 8.5% increase. I won't dwell much on this, but I think the market reaction to the operation showed the merits of the combined acquisition and the right issue deal. But as I say, that's something which is done. We move forward to the next slide, slide 10. I think here, this is, I think, an interesting slide. So it shows how we've been active in reshaping our Iberian portfolio. So just reminding you, in December, we announced the disposal of six hydro plants in Portugal for the 2.2 billion euros, already costing the EU merger control approval. And we believe that Portuguese regulatory approvals are also on track. In May, we had the sale to total over the CCTs and the B2C portfolio. EU merger control already approved this transaction, as you know, the last couple of weeks. And the transaction and the restructuring and carve-out of the assets is ongoing. So again, it's on track. And then in July, we also announced the acquisition of Viesgo, more recent deal. So it's still ongoing approvals, both at the European and Spanish regulatory level. But again, we think that's on track and we expect that to be done by the fourth quarter. In fact, we expect all of these transactions to be completed in the fourth quarter. As we indicated in the strategic update, so the overall aim of the group is to reduce merchant price exposure and to really enhance the visibility of our revenue by increasing our long-term contracted assets. So I think these recent transactions are a really strong step in this direction. A note here, just regarding the integrated industrial project for Viesgo. So we're already working on a plan to be implemented in the first hundred days and, you know, expected kickoff just after the financial closing of the transactions. But this is something we already have the teams working on and fully developing the hundred-day plan. Let's just move on to slide 11. Maybe a note here on the after rotation. So the last couple of weeks have been really busy for the teams here in terms of finalizing these deals. So back in August we announced the sale of the 240 megawatts as I mentioned in Spain 2.4 million per megawatt. By comparison our previous asset rotation deal in April was at around a multiple of 1.6. So significant uplifting value despite a slightly older portfolio. I think here the message is a lot of competition despite the COVID situation and very attractive prices. This week we announced the sale of an 80% stake in a 560 megawatt portfolio in the U.S. So it's both wind and solar. It's got an implicit EV multiple of 2.1 million dollars per megawatt as the COD as I mentioned. If we only considered the wind assets the multiple would be around 2.4 million dollars per megawatt. So that's also a significant increase versus our previous transaction in North America. So obviously the EV multiples expansion in these transactions is not only due to the lower interest rates both in Europe and in the U.S. As you know the 10-year government bond yields are declined by about 1% in Spain and about 2% in the U.S. But we continue to see as I mentioned strong appetites among institutional investors for these green assets which regulated or long-term contracted revenue. So I think there's a strong market there for the product. Let's move forward to slide 12. So here in terms of build-out so despite the COVID we've managed to keep a strong execution of the PPAs. We have the 84% of the 7 gigawatts as I mentioned. In terms of project delivery there have been postponements as you know as we've mentioned earlier imposed by COVID on some construction activities and also on the manufacturer's value chain. In some cases this could imply some delays for up to around 500 megawatts of wind which we had under construction in the U.S. for 2020 it might slip from the fourth quarter to the first quarter of 2021. So I don't think this has any impact or material impact from an evaluation perspective. The PTCs will still be there. So it's really just the COD will be beginning of 2021. As you know there was this extension for versus the previous of the PTCs versus the previous target of December 2020. so we're pretty comfortable there. In relation to installed capacity by 2020 though the number should be offset by the consolidation of the 500 megawatts of wind capacity coming from Viesco which is also expected before year end. Regarding offshore winds the JV is done so established ocean winds as you know brings positive impact because of the assets that were transferred and the revaluations that were done. Two remaining assets to be transferred from our side Mayflower and so in the US and wind floats in Portugal before the end of this year and on the NG site the Seamate in Belgium it's also expected before the end of this year. In relation to our project the wind float Atlantic this was commissioned in the summer. I mean I think it's an interesting you know some of us about this project it's an interesting milestone for the offshore industry it's the largest turbine ever installed on a floating platform and the two projects the more also in relation to offshore two other projects that are pretty downstage of construction so Seamate in Belgium and Maurice in the UK so I think also going to be good references for our offshore targets so they continue to evolve in line with the construction schedules and I think that's on track. Let's move on to slide 13 here just I think a more high level note just on additional opportunities on the green recovery I think we've seen important developments and public support for the green technologies in general and obviously for in particular in Europe a number of mechanisms have been designed by the European institutions to support the economy the environment digitalization basically aiming to promote a recovery based on a more sustainable economic model so this really fits well with our strategy and I think we're really well positioned to benefit from it. Overall the national energy plans estimate over 240 gigawatts of new onshore wind and solar capacity by 2030 of which 55% correspond to the eight European countries where we're already present so it's important also not to forget other investments that will be key namely the hydro electric mobility smart grids where we've also been very active so I think in general good news form where we are strategically the European institutions also created the just transition fund which can also be used to support regions affected by the coal plant shutdown so I think this will also be an added incentive to accelerate this transition and really accelerate the shutdown of coal and moving to renewing in the US definitely we benefit from the extension of the PTCs and also some pretty ambitious energy transition policies that will be discussed in the run up to November election so again pretty exciting times I think for the green economy so now let's move to slide 14 and just a word on Brazil Brazil's obviously been significantly impacted by the pandemic but I think it's also been interesting to see that the Brazilian institutions have reacted and I think a really solid way to create several mechanisms to support electricity companies and sector and the consumers and so just to highlight a couple of these the distribution I would like to mention the creation of the COVID account so this increases the liquidity for the company it's also passed through costs related to the estimated COVID impact due to the surplus of long term contract electricity volumes so last July EDP Brazil got essentially around 600 million referring to the COVID account which reinforced the financial liquidity so it was a good measure for the sector as a whole and obviously we benefited from that in generation there was a recent approval by the Senate of new legislation to solve the GFS issue I think this is a critical step to reduce the regulatory uncertainty there's still the presidential approval which is required to proceed with the release of the detailed rules from the regulator the solution involves the extension of the concession periods for some hydro plants in exchange for some upfront payments that will solve some pending financial settlements so it will solve some uncertainty that existed until now so I think that's also an important step that took place in August in transmission we had some delays in the construction works given the COVID but construction has resumed 71% of the total CAPEX for the six transmission lines was already executed last month we announced the completion of the second part of Lot 11 in the Medinao state it's fully operational now 12 months ahead of regulatory schedule and regarding future transmission auctions we'll obviously continue to review opportunities but we'll also be disciplined in the way that we approach this as you know we are when we go to these auctions looking at the macro environment strong depreciation of Brazilian Real so that worsens our financial euros but also some positive indicators from a macro view in Brazil namely really low interest rates record low interest rates the SELIC benchmark rate is recently reset at 2% by the Brazilian central bank so in that sense also greatly reducing the funding cost in Brazil in March 2020 so beginning of the crisis Brazil took several preventive measures to protect financial liquidity obviously there was a lot of uncertainty at the time so they initially cut the dividend proposal and had some cap exp postponements and increase of credit lines so as a result they had a very strong financial liquidity of 3.4 billion riais low leverage of around two times but given they were in a strong position things seem to be recovering Brazil just now announced a share buyback program and a clarification on this dividend policy setting a dividend floor of the 1 rial per share of 50% payout on adjusted net profit so this is very much in line with the dividend proposal announced by Brazil in March it was withdrawn because of the COVID but we are now reaffirming that and maintaining that for the next three years in the release in the press release that the company made it was also stated that the absence of investment opportunities in Brazil as attractive conditions the remaining cash flow would be distributed either as buybacks or additional dividends but basically the idea is to have an optimized capital structure in Brazil and make sure that it's efficient so let's just move to slide 15 talk a little bit about something which I know also interests many of you which is the Siberian energy markets those already mentioned we had pretty solid results in energy management in the first half this compensated the negative effect from weaker volumes and lower energy prices for the rest of the year we expect much lower energy management results below the average of the last five semesters so really the first half and particularly the first quarter was exceptionally good and obviously going forward so for the remaining months of the year the second half it will be the reason for this is on the back of hedging in the seasonality and basically the recovery of energy prices so just wanted to remind you though that this expectation is already reflected in our guidance which we've been providing also in relation to 21 and also something I'd like to highlight and we've been doing that over the last couple of months is we are reducing our merchant exposure so disposal of the hydra as I mentioned CCG the B2C portfolio the shutdown of the coal so all of this contributes to reducing our merchant exposure in Iberia we also have now almost 100% of our hydro nuclear production hedge at an average price of around 45 euros per megawatt hour so this is aligned with the four prices and 60% of our expected gas production CCGT production at mid single digit spread on average so this is essentially 2021 pretty much locked in so let's just a quick mention on slide 16 on impact just to say as I've mentioned before it really shows that throughout this really challenging time we have shown a lot of resilience particularly the second quarter of 2020 was particularly tough in terms of the lockdown in terms of the impact on the economy and I think despite that we were able to have solid results of course of course this has to do also with the adaption capacity of the company but also our people so there's a lot of focus here on the business plan execution throughout the spirit despite the lockdown and everyone being remote there's a lot of support for our suppliers to clients the community so I think in general we try to really have a holistic stakeholder view here this translated also into a good quality of service also even in terms of both supply business and the distribution business coming out of this I think there's really an opportunity to take some of the lessons learned and benefit not only from an efficiency point of view solidly relevant digitalization but I think also new ways of working and so I think this is really making us also reflect on how we even post pandemic how we'll reflect that in the way that people interact here in the office and everything and so I think that will bring a lot of benefits also in terms of motivation for our team last slide and let's just move to some rate so we're maintaining the financial guidance that we shared with you just a month ago in the requisition and the right to issue presentation so despite 2020 being difficult for COVID we are keeping solid earnings resilience recurring EPICTOT 3.6 billion recurring net income 0.85 0.9 target as you know our recurring net profit assumes the status is non recurring so if you take that out we're sort of 0.8 including the sales in terms of the deals we expect to do in the fourth quarter we expect to conclude in the fourth quarter I think that will be positive obviously for the post 2020 period so we see the years go clearly earnings enhancing significant value from the industrial project and also I think the better than view versus our strategic plan assumptions regarding the transactions over the next couple of years so still have around 2 billion slightly less than that to do in the next couple of years I think what we've seen in terms of the asset rotations over the last 18 months 24 months this has allowed us to be slightly more optimistic versus our assumptions we also see improved growth opportunities for renewables both wind onshore offshore solar hybrids may include also storage green hydrogen I think there's a lot of moving pieces here which I think will give us good opportunities to create value improved economics a lot of public support both in Europe and in the US so I think we have some tailwinds here the portfolio restructuring and the focus growth in the long-term contracted and regulated activities also going to reduce our merchant exposure and improve our low-risk profile and that together with very supportive credit markets and lower yields for longer which will allow us to also continue to reduce our average cost of debt so this overall combined effect allows us to feel comfortable about the dividend policy as I mentioned and so just generally I think we continue to see a very positive outlook regarding EDP's capacity to lead this energy transition and to really continue to create value for our stakeholders and our shareholders obviously so we obviously then have a couple of annexes I'm not going to go through that but you have a lot of the information we typically provide in other presentations we can refer to that in the Q&A if necessary I'll stop here and turn it back over to Miguel yes we can start now the Q&A session maybe we start with read the questions on the phone please ladies ladies and gentlemen if you would like to ask a question at this time please press star 1 on your telephone to cloud to cancel your question please press star 2 we will take our first question from Mr and also Alberto Gandolfi from Goldman Sachs thank you thank you so much for taking my questions I will stick to three the first one is a bit pedantic and I apologize in advance but just to be clear on your 3.6 billion EBITDA for 2020 and 0.85 to 0.9 billion you call it recovering I think out there there's different definitions by different people like analysts investors would you be so kind to tell us how much asset rotation or offshore GD gains you are included in there and what one-off costs do you include in there I tell you this because you're talking about 190 million one-off costs from the bottom line from CNASH the liability management early purchase in a bond and extraordinary tax but you don't explain it here that also not recurring so I was wondering how you treat that here and lastly you're not really giving here a big COVID impact like some of your competitors so I was wondering can you give us a million euro figure impact from COVID not currency but perhaps just volumes and maybe adjusted for some of the extra gains in energy management you have so it would be great to really get to a clean clean figure here to understand your underlying earnings power which I believe is the key debate today second question I'm really intrigued by your comments that talked about 85% secured of the 7 gigawatt and if I put that together with your recent balance sheet measures very interesting the sentence you used there you said we are well positioned for growth opportunities in Europe and the US can you elaborate on that you know the balance sheet of EDP by year end once you close all those transactions probably going to be 5 billion stronger you know really 5 billion broadly so securitization after quotation disposal what are you going to do with all this money I mean I guess you know growth opportunities you talk about renewable can you give us more tell us what is the organization ready to deploy is it going to 3 to 3.5 4 gigawatt you know within the next three years of gross capacity addition I'm not asking you a preview of the CMD but just trying to understand what's the potential here last question very quick also quite surprised given that most of your enterprise values renewables you do not seem to show a pipeline here can you share it with us a gross pipeline we know some projects will never materialize we know some projects will we know you need to keep everyday working to beef up the pipeline but can you tell us what is it today thank thank you thank you thank you Alberto so in relation to your first question which is how much asset rotation is in the recurring numbers I was talking about so we're expecting that for the full year we should be close to 0.4 I think we had 145 in the first half and we've had two recent deals which will be closing in the second quarter and I think from the multiples you can assume there's obviously going to be relevant capital gains associated with that so I think we'll be well ahead of what was our initial expectation that's allowing us to mitigate the impacts of the COVID which was the second part of this question so after rotations close to 0.4 and what I would like to highlight though also it does show the recurring power of this business model because it's not one it's not two it's not three it's not four it's already several transactions that we've been doing over the last couple of years or certainly last two years selling majority stakes where we have consistently shown not only the market appetite for these assets but also the interest and the detractiveness of these assets which has obviously increased even during this period and also in this question in terms of one-off costs so in Finnish we're obviously impairing the asset value we're also impairing some of the coal value and restructuring costs associated with that the liability management is what it is it's obviously the hybrid buyback we did at the beginning of the year and the sales as well I think this is detailed in the presentation but essentially that's sort of the one-off which is clearly signaled and is not part of these numbers in in in relation to Spanish coal we'd already done that last year so really the big coal is really scenish now in the second quarter in relation to COVID so we were obviously impacted by COVID and heavily impacted by COVID everyone was it has an impact at the level let's say above 0.1 billion in terms of but then don't forget a lot of this was also in Brazil so when it gets down to the net profit line it's mitigated and in Iberia it was also impacted our commercial business but then that was also mitigated by part of our energy management so I certainly wouldn't draw the assumption on the contrary we were heavily impacted by COVID but fortunately we also had other levers which then allowed us to mitigate that impact so that on a recurring basis we ended up in a good place in relation to your second question so the low position for growth I think we're focused on the business plan as I mentioned we're still at 84% you can look at we're positive we're in 84% we still have more to do to get to 100% we would look at going to the market at the beginning of 2021 and providing an update on how we see the company going forward for the next couple of years and we would then be able to elaborate a little bit more but also in relation to this question I think it's a relevant point our balance sheet will be at the year where we wanted it to be in other words we are still a BBB minus rating and we have the objective of trying to move to a BBB rating and so that means that we need to be consistent in the way that we move in this direction so it's not the transactions we're doing are allowing us to get a little bit more freedom and to move towards the BBB doesn't mean we have a huge amount of space and so we are moving in the right direction but on track in line with what we expected so I'd say that in relation to the capacity for more growth really I'd like to probably answer that when we do a full T&D when we can take all the different pieces put them together and have a sort of a coherent plan rather than just answering a part of it in relation specifically to renewables in growth pipeline the third question you're right we don't typically provide a lot of information on pipeline obviously as we go on closing the PPAs we provide that we have a very large pipeline which has allowed us to feed and it's basically a funnel and I think we've talked about this a little bit in the past in some of the conversations that sometimes you need to be developing this pipeline for four five six years in we don't provide that information but I think the fact that we are able to deliver the PPAs and deliver the growth shows that it's a pretty solid pipeline that we have backing that funnel sorry Miguel just to be clear on the first answer and thank you that was very comprehensive so you have 400 million gains from rotation before taxes and those not very high tax rate here and then you have 200 million one-off cost 100 million volume cost on both on a pre-tax basis and on the 100 million sum of the big chunk of it is pretty so it's kind of if I were to think EBITDA would be 400 gains and 300 costs right yeah thank you roughly thank you so much bye there we will take our next question from the line of Harry Weiberg from Bank of America hi everyone three questions from me please so first two I'm afraid also on the guidance so I just kind of at the sense when rewinding back to May your first call to results it was a fairly positive update and I think certainly my interpretation was that the wind was sort of more blowing towards potentially this year coming out ahead of guidance and you sort of updated it and the range you're given perhaps a touch below if you're pedantic what I'm interested in is what's changed you sort of alluded to a less good outlook in the second half for Iberia retail so compared to where we were when we were last speaking in early to mid May what's really changed in the second half has there been a sort of negative movement in the outlook for retail or any other part of the business that perhaps it means we're less looking at a guidance upgrade or beat or is it just that the COVID impacts are actually bigger than what you'd anticipated back in May second one sort of very granular so mainly yes no question so does the 0.85 to 0.9 guidance and the 0.4 of gains include an assumption for the remaining assets that are going to be folded into the NGJV or would that be upside to those figures and what are you assuming for the US dollar in your 0.85 to 0.9 is that based upon a mark to market as of today and then third and final question just on the legal case so as I understand it there's now a potential legal case where EDP would be a defendant can you just help us understand the timeline on that case is that something that is expected perhaps to drag on for years or tens of years or is this something that you think could come to a head relatively quickly thank you okay so thanks for the questions so maybe on positives and negatives versus May so I think in May we were we'd already tried to factor in a lot of the moving pieces which as you know as I mentioned earlier we were hit hard by COVID there were also some positives that we were already beginning to see and so we built that into our view at the time positives we had already seen the lower interest rates we were seeing already higher gains in the asset rotation some of the negatives that have let's say been highlighted over the last couple of months a stronger devaluation of the Brazilian Real and obviously the demand so I think you know definitely those pieces have continued to move but the positive ones we've already seen I think the Brazilian Real has continued to devalue a little bit further versus where we were back in May and in terms of the energy management also for the remaining part of the year I think as I mentioned we had an extremely or extraordinarily strong first quarter second quarter was good but obviously less strong and typically the second half of the year is less strong than the first half so as I mentioned that's also already all built into our target so we're already now in September we've already had the chance to sort of incorporate the latest assumptions and I think these positives and negatives lead us to be comfortable with the guidance we provided a month ago in relation to your question on the net profit so yes the guidance already assumes the gains that may come in from moving the remaining projects into the JV so that's also built in it's essentially Mayflower and Seamade which are the ones that will have the greatest impact on that so that's relatively quick question and I think you also asked about the Euro dollar that's 1.15 roughly is what we were assuming for that forecast in relation to the legal case listen there's not really very much I can add to what we said in the past so timeline is uncertain but certainly it's something that we don't expect a lot of news in the short term it could drag on as you know the legal cases in Portugal typically do drag on for a number of years there's not any information that I can provide no news in this respect August is a pretty slow month judicial holidays and nothing more to say here okay just perhaps on the legal case have you had to provision anything in your accounts for that or has there been any impact on your accounts there no listen I'll be very clear about that we have not provisioned and we have no intention of provisioning I mean there's in fact there's not even any number out there that we could possibly even try to understand what have a reference for that so no provision no intention of provisioning and no even not even a reference that exists we can go to the next question on the phone please we will take our next question from the line of Harsher Sitburn from Morgan Stanley find out so now the next question comes from Manuel Palomo from Harsher hello good morning everyone thanks for giving me question I've just got two questions well one regarding Portugal in which I will ask you to please update us on the latest on the Stalin news attacks and two related to recent auction and well what's your view on the results from that auction and why you did not gain any why you were not awarded any of this project under the different optionalities for the auction second one and again not trying to preview your CMV in the future but I was wondering whether you could tell us what is the run rate in terms of installations that EVPR could do are you already at the peak of that or do you see still some room for improvement in the coming future thank you so in relation to Portuguese regulation I think essentially we have three different topics that we typically talk about which is the callback and the social tariff I would say that in relation to the extraordinary tax clearly there's a commitment to have this evolve and that was set out in the government budget for the year that it should be reduced in line with the system debt unfortunately this coincided with the COVID and so the system debt is actually not expected to decline this year we do expect it to continue to decline going forward because the COVID is obviously a one off impact so it creates short term pressure this year but then we continue when we look forward when we project with the tariffs going forward and the system debt we continue to see it completely sustainable and will fall away over the next couple of years so in that respect I think that political commitment is still there and it's a question now of following this and seeing how it evolves in relation to the callback again I think some maybe some positive news on that which we hope will come out over the next couple of weeks maybe essentially some steps were taken as you know the Secretary of State already mentioned that we should net off the social tariff against the callback and so that now needs to be detailed and reflected in specific regulatory regulation and that's being done so hopefully we'll have some news coming out of that in terms of the social tariff not really any news on that so no change there so that's Portuguese regulation in terms of solar auction so we obviously go to these auctions and we participate the same way we participate in many other auctions around the world we do our best we set up the teams we try to find the locations we use our pipeline but then we're also disciplined about what we see as the returns that we expect for these type of projects and so we'll go in and we'll have a price that we're willing to go to and then it goes beyond that and we'll step out and we'll invest elsewhere I think it was interesting to see the solar auction so obviously we'd also participated last year we were awarded not in the auction but afterwards the project there but this year it had a particularity which is you could also bid with storage so 75% of the solar of the 700 megawatts ended up being taken in the modality which is solar plus storage and that ended up being extremely competitive and say on a CFD basis if we had to do in one case it was 11 euros per megawatt hour and in some cases it could even potentially be negative so very aggressive prices I have to also mention here that half of those megawatts were won by a South Korean company which is also a producer of panels and storage so they may have a different view on the economics and so they were able to be more competitive there can't really tell but I guess it would be certainly interesting to try and understand a little bit more of those economics there but it's part of life I mean we go to these auctions we win some we lose some and that we just have to be disciplined in how we approach this in relation to the question on the run rate so clearly we're ramping up as you know within renewables we were at a run rate of around 700 megawatts and we're ramping up to around 2 gigawatts we have the pipeline and I think that's something that we've all stressed is the big change I think strategically that we had was to build as much as we can and then if necessary sell part of it to continue to recycle that capital from an organizational perspective we've also been ramping up we've been hiring a lot of people we've been sort of building out the organization obviously to match that so this year we would be already obviously now with the COVID it's been slightly delayed the number of megawatts we're building this year but we'd already be getting close to gigawatts so within the 1.5 to 1.9 type range as I say some of those megawatts have slipped into 2021 but I think the organization is there so we continue to ramp up the organization I think we had the heart of it the core that we already had in terms of energy assessment in terms of the relationship with the turbine manufacturers so I think that's there and so we're really fleshing out in the different markets and in the markets where we already are to make sure we can continue to deliver those megawatts so I mean this is all just to say we're comfortable with the run rate of the 2 gigawatts I'd wait to see sort of the full CMD to talk about any other numbers apart from that we'll try now to answer some questions from the web we have we have here some questions regarding Viego acquisition in terms of integration so Stefano Bezato from Credit Suisse and George Guimaranj from GB Capital are you in position to provide more detail on the expected synergies and tax benefits from the connection with Viego is it now possible to provide more detailed view about potential synergies also Jorge Alonso with the same direction Vigo So first as I mentioned we're focused now on executing the M&A and trying to get that close by the end of the year and getting this through the different regulatory hurdles we're also in parallel working on the integration plan for the first 100 days so we're the tools basically doubling our size more than doubling our size and networks for permanent concessions we're combining two industrial projects so obviously I think we can all intuitively understand that this has a lot of value creation potential I've seen some of the numbers from some of you guys and we're comfortable with those numbers I think they're aligned with the benchmark for these kinds of deals certainly are internal numbers which would not be very different from those but I really can't share much more detail than that I would just also say in relation to the tax issue I mean obviously since we will have more than 75% in the distribution holding company we will have the full fiscal consolidation within the EDP Spain perimeter so we expect that to also generate significant salary we have then a question also regarding from George Gebrange in terms of coal plants of years go impact on EBTA in 2021 I think this is maybe we don't expect any EBTA contributions we expect that all the extraordinary costs for shut down will be already accounted both in 2019 and 2020 finally I think we have we are reaching the end of the call we have a last one on the fixed income from James Sparrow PNP Paribas can you talk about your funding needs after the capital increase and recent asset sales having issued equity do you no longer need to issue hybrid debt will the focus be more on issuing cheaper senior debt in the future we will continue to issue senior debt probably most of it will either be euros or dollars we also think it's important to continue to issue dollars most of our growth is also US driven dollar driven hybrids they're a tool and we may use them in the future so I would never say never we need to reinforce metrics but certainly we don't have any plans to do that at the moment and we just focus on executing the de-leverage plan which doesn't require any more average for that the capital link which was necessary because of the vehicle acquisition I think we can conclude if you have any final remarks I think there's been obviously the second quarter was a tough quarter and we would have liked to go out to you guys in July and present on that but as you know it wasn't possible I think we are very comfortable we had solid results we're comfortable with the guidance we're comfortable in terms of the asset rotation deals we're comfortable in terms of the way we're doing the energy management so we're feeling very positive about the company and you know and several of you raise this in terms of our future prospects I would prefer to have a comprehensive discussion and presentation to all on the future but certainly we're feeling very good about the company and about the prospects going forward so I think we're in a good place we finished the call thank you very much for your participation and hope to have you in the next weeks in some interactions in several conferences and then on the third quarter results conference call that is reaching very close already bye thank you let's conclude today's conference call thank you for your participation you may now disconnect thank you