 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ADP's 1,020 Result Presentation.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 Later, we will conduct the question and answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question,
 please press the one on your telephone keypad.
 If you should require any assistance during this call, please press star 0.
 As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Miguel Viana, Head of Investor Relations.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
 Thanks for being with us today in the conference call on ADPs 1st of 2020 results, which this
 time the results are being reported exceptionally right after the summer holiday period.
 We hope you manage to take some rest and recharge batteries.
 And we'll begin with the main highlights on the results,
 and then we'll provide an update on the strategy execution.
 We'll then move to the Q&A session, in which we'll be taking your questions both by phone
 and via our web page www.edp.com.
 The call is expected to last no more than 60 minutes.
 I'll give now the floor to our interim CEO and also CFO, Miguel Stuildenberg.
 Well, hello, welcome, everybody.
 Thanks for taking the call, and I hope you had a good summer break.
 I'm pleased to present a pretty solid set of results for ADP this morning.
 you'll have seen it come out last night and to take you through it.
 Maybe just before I go through some of the numbers, just to mention that COVID is definitely
 presented some challenges over these last few months, but I really think it also shows
 that the strong foundations of our business and the resilience and the robust response
 This has allowed us to continue to make progress on the execution of our strategic business
 We could talk about the years of acquisition in Spain, which we announced in July.
 I mean, that was a significant achievement for us, and it really allows us to grow in
 activities that believe are fully aligned with the energy transition, namely networks
 and renewables.
 We also continue to see important regulatory developments
 and the growing public support for the green agenda technologies in our core markets in
 in Europe and the US, I think that's come out also very
 density over the last couple of months.
 And while I think we've also felt the impact of the COVID pandemic, it's also been really
 catalyst for progress in an area where we are very well positioned to generate additional
 value and more opportunities.
 So...
 In...
 couple of months, but I think it's also highlighted the strength of our business.
 So let's go to the presentation in terms of the highlights for the first half.
 So in this period, EBITDA tells 3% year-on-year to around 1.9 billion euros.
 So, on one hand, deepest thought benefited from the recovery of the hydro in Iberia.
 close to the historic average in the first half of 2020,
 So compared to a very dry first half of 2019,
 The hydrofactor was approximately one.
 We also had very robust results in the energy management segment, and this was driven by
 by our hedging strategy in the energy markets.
 The benefit is obviously from the significant decline in the energy prices and the increase
 in the energy market's volatility.
 However, we also saw some negative pressure on the EBITDA from the appreciation of the
 the Brazilian Real and the contraction of the electricity demand in some of our key markets.
 I mean obviously this affected both our supply operations and idea and also the performance
 in our distribution business in Brazil where it's not unbundled as you know the supply
 distribution are essentially the same thing.
 In terms of recurring net profits, this increased by 8% to 509 million euros.
 This was exclusively driven by the idea in business
 an increase of 120 million euros, so it almost doubled.
 So I think this is a really strong performance
 from the Darbarian Business Center.
 just more than compensated EPR and EP Brazil's
 lower contribution.
 In addition, we also saw the average cost of debt improved by 70 basis points to 3.3%.
 And this is essentially as we see more competitive refinancing costs compared to our maturing
 that.
 Overall, the reported net profit decreased by 22%, so this was dragged by a non-recurring
 items in the first half of 2020. It sends you the key items here, the impairments and the
 coal assets following the closure, again, just by the closure of Stinge Coal Plant in
 We announced that in July, and also the one-off cost of the hybrid bond we purchased, which
 we give in the first quarter of this year.
 net debt down to percent year-to-date to 14.1 billion euros and obviously this reflects
 in the first half of the payment of the annual dividend
 in the second quarter, which is a recurring event of the year.
 So just more pressure on the second quarter.
 I'd also like to note that the net debt in June 2020 was flat versus June 19.
 So as a result, the race would not get to you, but that was 3.7 times in June 2020.
 It's slightly above the 3.6 and 7.19 and clearly below the 4.1 shown last year, last year, 2019.
 In terms of cash flow, recurring organic cash flow rose 0.3 billion euros to a billion
 euros.
 It's obviously supported by better performance and activities in which we don't have partners
 or minority interest, and also the lower interest cost.
 So, despite the COVID restrictions, and I think this is important to note, our expansion
 investments continue to move forward at a good pace,
 in which around 0.8 billion euros, of which almost 90 percent was allocated to new renewable
 project and the remaining expansion of electricity networks in Brazil.
 We've also made good progress on the implementation of our strategy post due in 2020.
 So, as you know, we've closed the agreement for the acquisition of years because it was
 evaluation. This includes, as you know, the long-term partnership with Macquarie for the
 electricity distribution business in Spain.
 It reinforces our regulated and long-term contracted risk profile, and we've had the opportunity
 to talk about this in detail in July, so I won't spend much time on this.
 So, you know, obviously, associated with this, we raise the billion euros for the right
 issue, representing around eight and a half percent increase in share capital, but I think
 This is well-received by the markets,
 all of the critical to support the VA's requisition.
 I'll press a little bit more on this later on, but I think the general perception was
 It's very positive.
 Finally, we also announced over the last month,
 due after rotation deals totaling 1.1 billion euros of enterprise value.
 which we announced in mid-August was 240 megawatts in Spain
 at an easy multiple of 2.1 million euros per megawatt.
 This is for a portfolio with an average age of nine years.
 The second view, which we announced this week, refers to 560 megawatts in the U.S.
 at an EV of $2.1 million per megawatt as of COT.
 So I just highlighted as of COD is the reference
 that we should use.
 Impressive valuations in these transactions,
 support the positive outlook that we've shared with you in the first quarter conference call.
 So I think reinforcing this trend that we've had.
 Let's move forward to the next slide, so on EBITDA and the breakdown by business platform.
 So, as I mentioned, consolidated, you could die down 3% year on year, but it would have
 been flagged, it was excluded before X, in fact, namely the Brazilian Real, which depreciated
 percent versus the euro, within renewables, and despite the 80% increase in our hydro
 production in Iberia.
 It's just 4% below historical average.
 the hydro, the beta had an 8% decline, mainly due to the decline in the wind and the solar.
 This, in turn, is explained by the wind resource in our global wind farm portfolio with 9 percent
 below long-term average, the average capacity in operation
 decreased by 6% and this is essentially due to the atherotation last year of 51% stake
 in a one gigawatt wind port hole, so obviously that has a
 Relevance impact on EBITDA level, which is a 7 million year of year on year impact on EBITDA.
 Obviously, at the net profit level, this is much less relevant, so it's also a plus
 plus minorities.
 Finally, decreasing acid rotation gains by 74 million year-on-year.
 So, in the first half of 2020, the asset rotation gains were 145 million euros, reflecting
 evaluation and the shareholding adjustments from the transfer of most of our offshore
 wind assets. The new 50-50 wind offshore joint venture with energy. As you know, it's called
 ocean winds.
 Starting to networks, the 7% fall on epitodes mostly related to the depreciation of the
 in Brazil in real.
 In local currency, if you get off of networks in Brazil,
 grew 12%.
 supported by the expansion of the transmission activities,
 fully mitigating the 8% decline of electricity demand in our distribution areas.
 In Iberia, if a devolution reflects the decline of regulated returns in Portugal to 4.9% roughly
 and in Spain to around 6%.
 Finally, the improvement in client solutions and energy management.
 I think this is a strong improvement.
 fully driven by the positive effects of any results in Iberia.
 Partially all set by the 17% declining EBITDA from supply in Iberia, mostly given the contraction
 electricity supply volume by seven percent.
 So this was most relevant in the P2B segment, where the decrease in volumes reaching 14%
 and was only partially mitigated by the 1.5% increment in the B2C segment.
 So let's move forward to the next slide on financing costs.
 So here, interest cost down 16%.
 supported by 70 basis points decline in the average cost of net debt, as I mentioned, and
 a 6% decrease in the average debt.
 Now, just better performance due to the more active debt
 debt management, at the rate of maturing debt were much higher than those for new financing
 we've got this year. But it's also, to mention, it's also a significant reduction in the
 short-term rates of the bill.
 So as you can see here on the table on the right-hand side, we continue to have some
 short-term debt maturities with relatively high rates that we'll be maturing over the
 the next quarter. So let's just continue to support the downward trend on the average
 cosmic gadget within the next couple of years.
 I mean this is something I think we've been flagging and you guys have also asked us about
 this for the last year or so and I think we're seeing that flowing through now the piano.
 Let's look forward to the next slide on recurring net profit.
 So here, the negative effects, in fact, at the EBITDA is obviously more diluted at the EBITDA level
 and even more at the net profit level,
 because we typically fund our operations in the local currency.
 below ebit there's a positive impact from lower net financing costs and there's also lower
 and minority interests, both at EDPR and EDP Brazil.
 This is partially offset by a slight increase in effective income tax.
 So overall, recurring net profit up 8% to 509 million euros.
 reported net profit significantly impacted
 but for the reasons I've already mentioned,
 So name it Cole, and the request is for the hybrid bond.
 out to strategy and execution and just use slides on this and a few key messages.
 Just quickly recapping what was done since we announced our strategic update back in
 in March of 19th.
 I think we've really shown in this period, it's basically a year and a half that we've
 being front-loading the execution of this plan.
 So this is being really important, particularly given, you know, what's happened over the last
 couple of months of COVID, because we've managed to really lock in a lot of value creation
 and to put us on the right path to extract value from growth opportunities that we've
 been
 developed enough for a number of years.
 So in renewables, as you know, 84% for the seven gigawatt targets.
 for the spirits, long-term contracts, we're well-positioned now for the accelerated growth
 in Europe and the U.S.
 still delivering on the transmission project, ahead of the regulatory schedule, even taking
 to account to COVID restrictions.
 years ago stronger presence in activities
 aligned with the energy transition in our core markets and I think also with significant
 number of finishes regarding poor total optimization, so we've already closed our
 more than 55% of the $4 billion proceeds related to death and rotation.
 On top of that, we've now set $2.7 billion proceeds from two disposals and ideas of the
 six hydro plants in Portugal, and the two CGT's in the B2C supply portfolio in Spain.
 So overall, I think we consider this proactive portfolio restructuring as being a major source
 of value creation. On the balance sheet, obviously reinforces the billion-year-old's of right
 tissue and as mentioned we enforce the low operating risk profile with increased weight
 of funds with the regulated activities and efficiency fully on track to meet the targets
 in our strategic plan, topics decreasing 3%
 year and year in the first half of 2020.
 obviously part of that to do with COVID but it also really allows us to accelerate some of these
 saving, given increased digitalization and also greater operational efficiency that we
 who are redesigning during this period.
 So I think it's a boost in that respect as well.
 on shareholder remuneration. So we're comfortable with the sustainability of our dividend policy,
 As you know, the 19 cents floor target payout is 75, 35 percent, and we're completely committed
 to reinforcing our green position and accelerating our decarbonization.
 So, you know, that's a key part of our strategy
 and it will continue to be.
 In the first half of 2020,
 80% of our electricity production came from renewables.
 and our CO2 emissions factor decreased by 57%
 Obviously, this was very much supported by the 74% contraction and co-production.
 My reposition is also reinforced not only by the closure of cold, but also involvement
 and some of the energy transition projects, including we're beginning to participate in
 green hydrogen project in Portugal we have some storage projects under
 analysis for SO2-3 and we'll have some renewable projects that we intend to develop in years
 was calls types, which have been decommissioned in the thousands of times. So definitely
 green position is extremely important for us.
 just move forward to the next slide.
 So it's just a quick note here on the right tissue.
 So as you know, successful 8.5% increase.
 I won't do all much on this, but I think the market reactions to the operation show the
 merits of the combined acquisition and the right issue to deal.
 deal. I don't know if that's something which is done. We move forward to the next slide,
 And I think here, this is, I think, an interesting slide.
 and so it shows how we've been active
 and we're shaping our idea and portfolio.
 So, just reminding you, in December, we announced the disposal of six hydro plant in Portugal
 for the 2.2 billion euros already costing the EU merger control approval and we believe
 that Portuguese regulatory approvals are also on track.
 May.
 We have the sale total over the CQs in the B2C portfolio.
 EU merger control already approved this transaction, as you know, a lot of couple of weeks, and
 the transaction in the restructuring and carve out of the assets is ongoing.
 So again, one track.
 And then in July, we also announced the acquisition of years ago, a more recent deal, so it's
 still ongoing approvals, both at the European and Spanish regulatory level, but again, we
 that's on track and we expect that to be done
 by the fourth quarter.
 We expect all of these transactions to be completed in the fourth quarter, if they're
 as we indicated in the strategic update.
 So the overall aim of the group is to reduce merchant price exposure
 and to really enhance the visibility of our revenue.
 by increasing our long term contracts and assets.
 I think these recent transactions are a really strong step
 in this direction.
 A note here is regarding the integrated industrial project for vehicles.
 So we're already working on a plan to be implemented in the first 100 days and, you know,
 expected kickoff just after the financial closing of the transaction, but this is something
 And we already have a team working on this and fully developing the 100-day plan.
 Let's just move on to slide 11, maybe a note here on gas rotation.
 So the last couple of weeks have been really busy for the teams here in terms of finalizing these deals.
 I can obviously now sell the 240 megawatts as I mentioned in Spain, 2.1 million per megawatt.
 By comparison, our previous affidavitian deal in April was at around a multiple of 1.6.
 So, significant and countless can value despite the slightly older portfolio.
 I think here the message is a lot of competition and fight the COVID situation in various
 I'll talk to you soon.
 This week we announced the sale of an 80% stake in a 560 megawatt forcehold in the U.S.
 So it's both wind and solar, but an implicit TV multiple is $2.1 million a megawatt, as
 here, as I mentioned. If we only consider the wind assets, the multiple would be around
 2.4 million dollars per megawatt, so that's also a significant increase versus our previous
 transaction in North America.
 So obviously the easy multiple expansion in these transactions is not only due to the
 lower interest rates both in Europe and in the U.S., you know, the 10-year government
 bond yields are declined by about 1% in Spain and about 2% in the U.S. But we continue to
 You see, as I mentioned, strong appetite among institutional investors for these green assets
 with regulated or long-term contracted revenue.
 So I think there's a strong market there for the product.
 Let's move forward to slide 12.
 So here in terms of build out,
 So despite the COVID, we've managed to keep a strong execution of the BPAs.
 you have the 84% of the seven gigawatts as I mentioned.
 In terms of project delivery, there have been postponements, as you know, as we mentioned earlier,
 imposed by COVID on some construction activities and also on the manufacturer's value chain.
 In some cases, this could imply some delays for up to around 500 megawatts of wind energy,
 which we have under construction in the U.S. for 2020,
 It might slip from the fourth quarter to the first quarter of 2021.
 I don't think this has any impact or material impact from an evaluation perspective.
 there.
 So, it's really good.
 of COD will be beginning of 21.
 you know, there was this extension for versus the previous, the PTC versus the previous
 target of December 2020, so we're pretty comfortable there.
 in relation to installed capacity by 2020,
 So the number should be offset by the consolidation of the 500 megawatts of wind capacity coming
 from Vierzchko, which, in other words,
 financial closing is also expected before year end.
 Regarding offshore winds, the JV is done, so established ocean winds, you know, brings
 positive impact because of the efforts that were transferred and the revaluations that
 were done.
 Two remaining...
 to be transferred from our side, Mayflower and so in the U.S. and wind flows in Portugal
 before the end of this year.
 And on the energy side, the sea mate in Belgium
 It's also expected for the end of this year.
 in relation to our project, the wind flow Atlantic.
 in the summer. I think it's an interesting, you know, some of that that's about this project
 an interesting milestone for the offshore industry.
 the largest turbine ever installed on a floating platform.
 projects, the more also in relation to also two other projects that are pretty
 United States of Construction, so C-Made in Belgium and more East in the UK, so I think
 Also, great to be good references for offshore targets.
 So they continue to evolve in line with the construction schedules, and I think that's
 I'll see you in the next one.
 Let's move on to slide 13.
 And here's just a more high level note, just on additional opportunities on the green recovery.
 I think we've seen important developments and public support for the green technologies
 in general and obviously for the particular, in your number of mechanisms have been designed
 by the European institutions,
 for the economy, the environment, digitalization, basically
 aiming to promote a recovery on a more sustainable economic model.
 So this really fits well with our strategy.
 I think we're really well positioned to benefit from it.
 Overall, the National Energy Plans estimate over 240 kilowatts of new onshore wind and
 to work capacity by 2030, of which 55 percent are
 respond to the eight European countries where we're already present.
 So it's important also not to forget other investments
 namely the hydroelectric mobility smart grid where we've also been very active.
 So I think in general, good news for where we are strategically.
 The European institutions also created the Just Transition Fund, which can also be used
 support region defective by the coal plant shutdown.
 So I think this will also be an added incentive
 to accelerate this transition and really accelerate the shutdown of coal and moving through the
 U.S.
 that definitely would benefit from the extension of the PTCs and also some pretty ambitious
 energy transition policies that will be discussed in the run-ups of November's election.
 Again, pretty exciting times, I think, for the green economy.
 So now let's move to slide 14 and just a word on Brazil.
 But with those obviously being significantly impacted by the pandemic, but I think it's
 It's also been interesting to see that the Brazilian
 institutions have reacted in, I think, a really solid way to create several mechanisms to
 support electricity companies and the sector and the consumers and so just to
 I want to highlight a couple of these.
 distribution, and I would like to mention the creation of the COVID account, so this
 increases liquidity for the company.
 It's also passed through cross-related to the estimated COVID impact, just a surplus of
 long-term contract electricity volumes.
 So last July, EP Brazil got, essentially, about 600 million re-eyes referring to the COVID
 accounts which reinforce the financial liquidity.
 So it was a good measure for the sector as a whole, and obviously we benefited from that.
 In generation, there was a recent approval by the Senate of new legislation to solve the GFR issue.
 I think this is a critical step to reduce the regulatory uncertainty.
 the presidential approval, which is required to proceed with the release of the detailed
 from the regulator, the solution involves the extension of the concession periods for
 some hydro plants in exchange for some upfront payments and we'll solve some pending financial
 settlement. So it's all come uncertain if you get existed until now. And so I think that's
 That's also an important step to the quick place in August.
 In transmission, we had some delays in the construction works, given the COVID, but the construction has resumed.
 71% total catnics with its six transmission lines was already executed.
 Last month, we announced the completion of the second part of the MOTS-11 in the Medellinial State.
 It's fully operational now, 12 months ahead of regulatory schedule, and regarding future
 The transmission options will obviously continue to review opportunities.
 But we'll also be disciplined in the way that we approach these as you know we are when
 we go to these auctions.
 yet a macro environment, a strong appreciation
 present real, so that worsens our financial in euros, but also some positive indicators
 from a macro view in Brazil, namely, really low interest rates,
 I mean, record low interest rates, the static, the benchmark rate, recently we set it 2%
 of Brazil and Central Bank, so in that sense also greatly reducing the funding cost in
 In March 2020, so the beginning of the crisis,
 Brazil took several preventive measures to protect financial liquidity, also it was for
 a lot of uncertainty at the time.
 initially cut the dividend proposal and had some capex postponements and increases credit
 line.
 So, as a result, they had a very strong financial liquidity of 3.4 billion reais, low leverage
 of around two times, but given they're in a strong position, things seem to be recovering
 Brazil has just now announced a share buyback program and a clarification on this dividend
 policy-significant sort of the one we all
 all per share, 50% payout on adjusting the profit.
 So this is very much in line with the different proposal
 announced by Brazil in March is withdrawn because of the COVID that we're now reaffirming
 that and maintaining that for the next few years.
 years. In the release, in the press release that the company made, it's also stated that
 of investment opportunities in, you know, in Brazil as in attractive conditions.
 the remaining cash flow would be distributed either as buybacks or additional dividends.
 That's it.
 It's how to optimize capital structure in Brazil
 and make sure that it's efficient.
 So let's just move to slide 15, talk a little bit about something which I know also interests
 many of you, which is the beer and energy markets.
 I already mentioned, we had pretty solid results in energy management in the first half.
 has compensated the negative effects from weaker volumes and lower energy prices for
 For the rest of the year, we expect much slower energy management results below the average
 of the last five semesters, but really the first half,
 in particular the first quarter was exceptionally good.
 And obviously going forward, so for the remaining months of the year, the second half, I mean,
 I mean, it will be the reason for this is on the back of hedging in the constitutional
 and basically recovery of energy prices.
 So, just to remind you though that this expectation is already reflected in our guidance which
 which we've been providing.
 Also, in relation to 2021, and also something like to highlight, and we've been doing that
 over the last couple of months is we are reducing our recent exposure to the disposal of the
 as I mentioned, CCG, CTT plant, the B2C portfolio, the shutdown of the coal, so all of this
 contributes to reducing our merchant's exposure in Iberia.
 We also have...
 now almost 100% of our hydrogen nuclear production heads at an average price of around 45 years
 So this is aligned with the four pipes, and 60% of our expected gas production,
 production at mid-single-digit spread on average.
 So, this is, um, essentially 2021.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 So let's just quick mention on slide 16 on impact, just to say, as I've mentioned before,
 It really shows a drop that's really challenging time.
 We have shown a lot of resilience, particularly in the second quarter of 2020, it was particularly
 tough in terms of the lockdown, in terms of the impact on the economy, and I think despite
 that we're able to have some solid results.
 Of course, it has to do also with the adoption capacity of the company, but also our people.
 a lot of focus here on the business plan execution throughout the spirit, you know, despite the
 lock down never been remote. There's a lot of support to our suppliers,
 compliance.
 than with the community, so I think in general we try to really have a holistic stakeholder
 view here.
 Thank you very much.
 I hope you enjoyed this video.
 service, also even in terms of both the supply business and the distribution business.
 Coming out of this, I think there's really an opportunity to take some of the lessons learned
 learned and benefit not only from an efficiency point of view, so that you're relevant and
 of digitalization, but I think also new ways of working.
 And so I think this is really making us also reflect on how we even post-pandemic how we'll
 looks like that in the way that people interact here in the office and everything.
 And so I think that will bring a lot of benefit also in terms of motivation for our team.
 last slide and let's just move into this summary.
 So, we're maintaining the financial guidance that we shared with you just a month ago in
 the DTS requisition and the right to issue presentation.
 So despite 2020 being difficult for COVID,
 We are keeping, you know, a solidarity resilience,
 Recurring Ypresat, 3.6 billion.
 recurring net income at 0.85.9 targets.
 As you know, our recurring net profit assumes the status of non-recurring, so if you take
 Thank you.
 And I'll see you in the next one.
 in terms of the deals we expect to do in the fourth quarter, we expect to conclude in the
 I think that will be positive, obviously, for the post-2020 peers.
 So we see the years go clearly, earnings enhancing,
 significant value from the industrial project.
 And also, I think the better than expected terms of yesterday's mutations use also allows
 a more optimistic view versus our strategic plan assumptions regarding the transactions
 over the next couple of years.
 So, still have.
 I still have around two billion to do in the next couple of years.
 I think what we've seen in terms of the aspirations over the last 18 months, 24 months,
 has allowed us to be slightly more optimistic versus our assumptions.
 We also see improved growth opportunities for renewables, but wind on shore, offshore,
 solar, hybrid, I think with also storage, green hydrogen, I think just because a lot
 A lot of moving pieces here, which I think will give us good opportunities to create
 value, improved economics, a lot of public support, both in Europe and in the U.S.
 So I think, you know, we have some tail ends here.
 the portfolio restructuring and the focus growth
 in the long-term contractors and regular activities, also
 we use so much as exposure and improve our lowest profile and that's together with very
 the support of credit markets and lower yields for longer, which allows us to also continue
 to reduce our average cost of death. So this overall combined effect allows us to feel
 comfortable about the dividend policies I mentioned and so just generally I think we
 we continue to see a very positive outlook
 regarding EDP's capacity to lead the energy transition,
 to really continue to create value for our stakeholders
 in our shareholders obviously.
 So we'll see, then have a couple of annexes.
 I'm not going to go through that, but you have a lot
 of the information we typically provide in other presentations.
 You can refer to that in the Q&A if necessary.
 up here and turn it back over to the health unit.
 We can start now the Q&A session.
 Maybe we start to read the questions on the phone, please.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question at this time, please press
 If you have one on your telephone check out, to answer your question, please press star
 We will take our first question from Mr. Andorso Alberto Gandorzi from Goldman Sachs.
 Thank you.
 Go ahead.
 Thank you so much for taking my question.
 I will stick to three, and the first one is a bit pedantic
 But just to be clear, on your 3.6 billion EBITDA for 2020 and 0.85 to 0.9 billion,
 You call it recurring, I think out there there's different definitions, but different people
 or life analyst investors.
 Would you be so kind to tell us how much
 after rotation or offshore JD games,
 you are included in there.
 And what one of costs do you include in there?
 I tell you this because you're talking about a hundred and ninety million one off
 cost from, at the bottom line, from, you know, CNESH, the
 and identity management, early purchase is a bond,
 and extraordinary talks.
 But you don't explain it here.
 I was also not recovering, so I was wondering, you know, how you treat that here, and lastly,
 you know, you're not really living here a big COVID impact like some of your competitors.
 So I was wondering, can you give us a million euro figure
 impacts from COVID, not currency, but perhaps just volumes and maybe adjusted for some of
 the extra gains in energy management you have.
 So it would be great to really get to a clean, clean, clean figure here to understand your
 underlying earnings power, which I believe is the key to this today.
 question, I'm really intrigued to get by your comment that talked about, you know, 85%
 and secured of the 7 gigawatts.
 And if I put that together with your recent balance sheet
 measures.
 It's very interesting, the sentence you used there, you said, we are wet positions for
 growth opportunities in Europe and the U.S. Can you elaborate on that, you know, the
 The balance sheet of GDP by year-end when once you close all those transactions, we're
 You're going to be 5B stronger.
 No, really, five billion broadly, so,
 What are you going to do with all this money?
 I mean, I guess, you know, growth opportunities is like a matter of renewables.
 Can you give us more?
 Tell us, what is the organization ready to deploy?
 It did go into 3, to 3.5, 4 gigawatts, you know,
 within the next three years of gross capacity addition.
 I'm not asking you a preview of the CMD, but just trying to understand what's the potential
 Last question, very quick, also quite surprised, given that most of your enterprise values
 or newborns, you do not seem to show a pipeline here.
 Can you share it with us, a gross pipeline?
 We know some projects we never materialize.
 We know some projects well.
 We know you need to keep every day working to beef up the pipeline.
 but can you tell us as an option what is it today?
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you all, welcome.
 So, in relation to your first question, which is how much asset rotation is in the recurring
 numbers I was talking about. So we're expecting that for the full year, we should be close
 2.4.
 I think we had 145 in the first half and, you know, we've had two recent deals,
 that goes into the second quarter.
 And I think from the multiples, you can assume that those obviously are going to be relevant
 the capital gains associated with that.
 So I think we'll be well ahead of what was our initial expectation.
 after allowing us to mitigate the impacts of the COVID,
 which was the second part of this question.
 So after rotations, close to 0.4.
 And what I would like to highlight though also,
 it does show the recurring power of this business model.
 because it's not one, it's not two, it's not three,
 reports, already several transactions that we've been doing over the last couple of years
 or not certainly the last two years, so the majority states where we have consistently
 shown are not only the market appetite for these assets, but also the interest and the
 sort of the detractiveness of disaster, which has obviously increased even during this period.
 And also, in this question, in terms of one-off costs.
 So in Phoenix, we're obviously impairing the asset value.
 we're also impairing some of the coal value
 and restructuring costs associated with that.
 liability management is what it is. It's obviously the hybrid to buy back with it at the beginning
 year in the stands as well.
 I think this was detailed in the presentation, but essentially that's sort of the one off
 which is clearly signaled and is not part of these numbers.
 in relation to the Spanish cold we had already done that last year.
 So really the big, the coal is really seen as now
 now in the second quarter.
 in relation to COVID.
 So, we were obviously impacted by COVID and heavily impacted by COVID, everyone was.
 It has an impact at the vital level, let's say, above 0.1 billion, in terms of the tenant.
 don't forget
 A lot of this was also in Brazil.
 So when it gets down to the net profit line, it's mitigated.
 in Iberia. It was also impacted our commercial business and that was also mitigated by part
 of our energy management.
 I certainly wouldn't draw the assumptions on the contrary.
 We were heavily impacted by COVID, but fortunately, we also had other levers, which then allowed
 us to mitigate that impact, so that on a recurring basis, we ended up in a good place.
 You will see two second questions of them
 well positioned for growth, but then I think we're focused on the different
 The plan, as I mentioned, we're still at 84%.
 can look at it as we're positive we're 84 and say that we still have some more to do
 to get to 100%.
 We would look at going to the market at the beginning of 2021 and providing an update
 on how we see the company going forward for the next couple of years, you know, and we
 we would then be able to elaborate a little bit more.
 It's just also in relation to this question.
 I think it's a relevant point.
 I mean, our balance sheet will be at the end of the year,
 we wanted it to be. In other words, we are still a triple B minus rating, and we have
 the objective of trying to move to a triple B rating.
 And so that means that we need to be consistent in the way that we move in this direction.
 So it's not the transactions we're doing
 are allowing us to get a little bit more freedom and to move
 towards the triple B doesn't mean we will only have a huge amount of space.
 And so, we are moving in the right direction, but on track.
 So in line with what we expected.
 So I'd say that's in relation to the capacity for more growth, really I'd like to probably
 answer that when we do a full DMV, when we can take all the different pieces, put them
 together and have a sort of a solid coherent plan rather than just answering the part of
 in relation specifically to renewables.
 in growth pipeline.
 So this is the third question.
 You're right.
 We don't typically provide a lot of information on pipeline, you know, obviously as we go
 on closing the BPAs when we provide that.
 We have a very large pipeline which has allowed us to feed and it's basically a funnel
 And I think we've talked about this a little bit in the past.
 in terms of the conversation, that sometimes you need to be developing this pipeline for
 or four, five, 60 years in different geographies
 until you actually get it to maturity.
 So we don't provide that information, but I think the fact that we are able to deliver
 the gears and deliver the growth shows that it's a pretty solid pipeline that we have
 that's backing up them, that's fun.
 Just to be clear on the first answer, and thank you, that was very comprehensive.
 So you have 400 million gains from rotation before taxes
 and those not a very high tax rate here.
 And then you have 200 million one-off cost, 100 million volume cost on both on a pre-tax
 And on the 100 million, some of it is a big chunk of it.
 So it's kind of, if I were to think EBITDA would be 400 games and 300 costs, right?
 Yeah, thank you
 Thank you so much.
 Bye then.
 We will take our next question from the line of Harry Weiber from Bank of America.
 Take care.
 Hi, everyone, and three questions from me, please.
 So first to you, I'm afraid also on the guidance.
 So I just kind of, in the sense, when rewinding back to May at your first quarter results,
 That's all, guys.
 I'll see you guys in the next video.
 positive update and I think certainly my interpretation was that the the wind was sort of more blowing towards
 potentially
 this year coming out ahead of guidance and you sort of updated it and the range you've
 given to perhaps a touch below if you've done tick.
 What I'm interested in is what's changed.
 you sort of alluded to a less good outlook in the second half for Iberia retail. So compared
 That's where we were when we were last speaking in early to mid-May, and what's really changed
 in the second half? Has there been a sort of negative movement in the outlook for retail
 or any other part of the business that perhaps it means we're kind of less looking at a
 So kind of guidance, upgrade, or beat.
 Or is it just that the COVID impacts are actually
 bigger than what you anticipated back in May.
 The second one is sort of very granular, so it's mainly yes, no question.
 That's perfect.
 Distance is zero.
 0.85 to 0.9 guidance and 0.4 of gains includes an assumption for the remaining assets that
 going to be folded into the NGJV, or with that the upside to those figures, and what
 that you're assuming for the US dollar in your 0.85 to 0.9.
 So I use that based upon a mark-to-market as of today.
 And then third and final question, just on the legal case.
 So I don't understand it.
 There's now a potential legal case where
 the EDP with the defendant.
 Can you just help us understand the timeline on that case?
 Is that something that is expected, perhaps, to drag on for years or tens of years, or is
 there's something that you think could come to the heads relatively quickly.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thanks for the questions.
 So maybe on positives and negatives versus may.
 So I think we were factoring a lot of the moving pieces, which as you know, so as I mentioned
 earlier. We were hit hard by COVID. There are also some
 all of them that we were already beginning to see, and so we sort of built that into
 to our view at the time.
 Positive.
 If, you know, we have already seen the lower interest rates, we were seeing already high
 higher gain to the ather rotation, some of the negatives that have been highlighted over
 over the last couple of months, a stronger devaluation of the Brazilian Real, and then
 and obviously the demand.
 So I think definitely those pieces have continued to move,
 of the positive ones we've already seen, I think,
 Brazil and we all continue to devalue a little bit further versus where we were back in May.
 And in terms of the energy management also for the remaining part of the year, I think
 As I mentioned, we had an extremely or extraordinarily strong first quarter.
 second quarter was good but obviously less strong and typically the second half of the
 year is less strong than the first half.
 So, as I mentioned, that's also already all built into our target.
 So, you know, we're ready now in September.
 We already have the chance to sort of incorporate the latest assumptions, and I think these
 positives and negatives needed to be comfortable with the guidance we provided
 amongst them. In relation to your question on the net
 So yes, the guidance already assumes the gains that may come in from moving the remaining
 projects into the JV, so that's also built in.
 It's essentially Mayflower and Seamate, which are the ones that will have the greatest impact in that.
 So that's a relatively quick question.
 And I think you also asked about the Euro dollar.
 That's 1.15, roughly is what we were assuming for that forecast.
 in relation to a legal case. Listen, there's not really very much I can add to what you said in the past, so
 Timeline is uncertain, but certainly it's something that we don't expect a lot of news in the short term
 could drag on, as you know, and illegal cases in Portugal typically do drag on for a number
 There's not any information that I can provide or no news in this respect.
 August is a pretty slow month.
 You just go holidays, and it's nothing more to say to you.
 OK, many thanks a bit.
 Just on the legal case, if you had to provision anything in your accounts for that,
 You know, I'll be very clear about that.
 We have no provision and we have no intention of provisioning, I mean, there's, in fact,
 There's not even any number out there that we could possibly even try to understand what
 have a reference for that. So, no provision, no intention of provisioning, and not even
 in a reference that exists.
 All right. Thank you.
 to the next person on the phone please.
 We will take our next question from the line of Arthur Sittbon from Morganslanding.
 Thanks for watching.
 Sorry, now the next question comes from Manuel Palomo from Edge Drive.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Thanks for getting me a question. I've just got two questions. Well, one regarding portability,
 which I will ask you to please update us on the latest on the Starling Iron music packs
 And two, related to recent auction, and what's your view on the results from that auction
 and why you did not gain any, why you were not awarding any of these projects under the
 different optionalities for the option. Second one, and again, not trying to preview your
 CMV in the future, but I was wondering whether you could tell us what is the run rate in
 in terms of installations that EVPR could do.
 Are you already at the peak of that?
 So, here's some room for improvement in the coming future.
 Thank you.
 I'm not home in relation to the Portuguese regulation.
 I think, you know, essentially we have three different topics that we typically talk about,
 which is the sales, the callback, and the social tariff.
 I would say that in relation to the Fed's extraordinary tax,
 further the commitment to have this evolved and that was set out in the government budget
 for the year that it should be reduced in line with the system debt.
 Unfortunately, this coincided with the COVID, and so the system data is actually not expected
 to decline this year.
 and we do expect it to continue to decline going forward because the COVID is obviously a one-off
 impact, so it creates short-term pressure this year, but then we continue when we look
 forward when we project the task going forward and then the system debt, we continue to see
 completely sustainable and will fall away for the next couple of years.
 And in that respect, I think that political commitment is still there, and it's a question
 now of following this and seeing how it evolves.
 In relation to the callback, again, I think maybe some positive views on that, which we
 We hope we'll come out of it in the next couple of weeks, maybe, essentially some steps we're
 taken, as you know, the active state has already mentioned that we should net off the cells
 and the social tariff against the callback.
 And so that now needs to be detailed and reflected in specific regulatory regulation, and that's
 being done, so hopefully we'll have some news coming out of that in terms of the social
 tariff, not really any news on that, so no change there.
 But that's portraiture regulation.
 in terms of solar auction.
 So, we obviously go to these auctions and we participate the same way we participate
 and many other options around the world.
 We do our best, we set up the teams, we find the locations, we use our pipeline, but then
 disciplines about what we see is the return that we expect for these types of projects.
 And so we'll go in and we'll have a price that we're willing to go to and then it goes
 beyond that, and we'll step out and we'll invest elsewhere.
 I think it was interesting to see the solar auction, so obviously we also participated
 last year they know we were awarded not in the auction but afterwards and with the project
 But this year, it had a particularity, which is you could also bid with storage.
 75% of the solar of the 700 megawatts ended up being taken in the modality, which is solar
 plus storage.
 And that ended up being extremely competitive on a CFD basis if we had to do a, in one case,
 was 11 euros per megawatt hour, and in some cases, it could even potentially be negative.
 It's a very aggressive crisis.
 I have to also mention here that half of those megawatts were won by a South Korean company,
 which is also a producer of panels and storage.
 So they may have a different view on the economics, and so they were able to be more competitive
 there, can't really tell, but I guess it would be a fairly interesting trying to understand
 and a little bit more of those economics there.
 But it's part of life.
 I mean, we go to these auctions, we win some, we lose some, and we just have to be disciplined
 in how we approach this.
 in relation to, so clearly we're ramping up,
 you know, within renewables. We were at a run rate of around 700 megawatts and we're
 we're ramping up to around 2 gigawatts.
 We have the pipeline and I think that's something that we've all stressed is the big change
 I think strategically that we had was to build as much as we can, and then it's necessary
 they fell part of it to continue to recycle that capital.
 from an organizational perspective,
 We've also been ramping up, we've been hiring a lot of people, we've been sort of building
 out the organization, obviously, to match that.
 So this year we will be already, obviously now with the COVID,
 It's been slightly delayed.
 the number of megawatts we're building this year, but we'd already be getting close to
 So we've been, you know, 1.5 to 1.9 type range.
 And if I say some of those may go, it has slipped into 2021,
 that I think the organization is there.
 So we continue to ramp up the organization.
 I think we have the heart of it, you know, the core that we already had in terms of energy
 the assessment in terms of the relationship with the turbine manufacturers, so I think
 That's there.
 And so we're really fleshing out in the different markets
 and then the markets where we already are to make sure we can continue to deliver those
 Thank you for listening.
 And I mean this is all just to say we're comfortable with the run rate of the 2 gigawatts.
 I'd wait to see sort of the full PMG to talk about any other numbers apart from that.
 I think he will try not to answer.
 We'll try not to answer some questions from from the web
 We have here some questions regarding the VLGO acquisition in terms of integration.
 integration, so Stefan Verzato from Credit Suisse and Gerski Verange from GB Capital,
 you in positions to provide more detail on the expected synergies and tax benefits from
 finishing with the edge row is now possible to find more details
 view about potential synergies and also what happens with this thing in the same direction.
 Yeah
 So, first, as I mentioned, we're focused now on executing the M&A site and trying to get
 back closed by the end of the year and getting this through the different regulatory hurdles.
 We're also, in parallel, working on the integration plan for the first 100 days, so we're the
 which will be basically doubling our size,
 more than double the size of the network for permanent concessions to be combined into
 industrial projects, so obviously I think we can all intuitively understand that this
 has a lot of value creation potential.
 I've seen some of the numbers from some of the guys, from some side analysts, and we're
 comfortable with those numbers. I think there are lines with the benchmark for these kind
 of the yields certainly are internal numbers, you know, which would not be very different
 from those, but I really can't share much more detail than that.
 Let's also say in relation to the tax issue and the obituary, since we will have more
 than 75% in the distribution and holding company, we will have the full fiscal consolidation
 within the EDP Spain perimeter.
 So we expect that to also generate significant value.
 We have done a question also regarding, from Judge Guillemares, in terms of coal plants
 of years go impact on EBTA in 2021. I think this is quite easy, maybe we don't expect
 any VTA contributions, we expect that all the extraordinary cuts for shutdown will be
 already accounted both in 2019 and 2020.
 Finally, I think we are reaching the end of the call.
 We have a last one on the 16th come from James Farrell,
 Can you talk about your funding needs after the capital increase and recent death itself
 having issues equity, you no longer need to issue IVDAPT.
 We'll focus more on if you see your depth in the future.
 Yeah.
 The answer here is yes.
 So here is just, I mean, we'll continue to issue senior debt, probably most of it, or
 I mean, it will either be euros or dollars.
 We also think it's important to continue to issue dollars,
 most of our growth or part of our growth is also U.S. driven and fellow
 hybrid, listen, they're a tool, and we may use them in the future, so I would never say
 never.
 We need to reinforce the metrics, but certainly we don't have any plans to do that at the
 moment and, you know, it's just focused on executing the
 the de-leveraged plan, which doesn't require any more habits for that.
 The capital increase was obviously just necessary because of the FIA's requisition.
 So I think with this we can conclude and we are done.
 of any final remarks.
 Listen, I think it's been obviously the second quarter
 with a tough quarter and we would have liked to go
 I'll see you guys in Dubai and present on that, but as you know, it wasn't possible.
 I think we are very comfortable, we had solid results, we're comfortable with the guidance,
 We're comfortable in terms of the attributation deals.
 comfortable in terms of the way we're managing the energy management. So we're feeling very
 positive about the company and, you know, and several of you raised this in terms of
 of our future prospects.
 I would prefer to have a comprehensive discussion
 and presentation on this in the future.
 But certainly, we're feeling very good about the company
 about the prospects going forward.
 So, I think we're in a good place.
 So we finished the call.
 Thank you very much for your participation
 and hope to have you in the next weeks in some
 interactions in several conferences, and then on the
 the third quarter results from the school that is reaching very close already.
 Bye.
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation.
 You may now disconnect. Thank you.