Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and welcome to EDP's first half 2020 result presentation. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. If you should require any assistance during this call, please press star 0. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Miguel Viana, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for being with us today in the conference call on EDP's first half 2020 results, which this time the results are being reported exceptionally right after the summer holidays period. We hope you managed to take some rest and recharge batteries. We'll begin with the main highlights on the results and then we'll provide an update on the strategy execution. We'll then move to the Q&A session in which we'll be taking your questions both by phone and via our webpage www.edp.com. The call is expected to last no more than 60 minutes. I'll give now the floor to our Interim CEO and also CFO, Miguel Stilovandras. Hello, welcome everybody. Thanks for taking the call and I hope you had a good summer break. I'm pleased to present a pretty solid set of results for EDP this morning. You'll have seen they came out last night and to take you through it. Maybe just before I go through some of the numbers, just to mention that COVID definitely presented some challenges over these last few months, but I really think it also shows that the strong foundations of our business and the resilience and the robust response has allowed us to continue to make progress on the execution of our strategic business plan. We could talk about the years of acquisition in Spain, which we announced in July. I mean, that was a significant achievement for us and it really allows us to grow in activities that we believe are fully aligned with the energy transition, namely networks and renewables. We also continue to see important regulatory developments and a growing public support for the green agenda technologies in our core markets in Europe and the US. I think that's come out also very intensely over the last couple of months. And while I think we've also felt the impact of the COVID pandemic, it's also been really a catalyst for progress in an area where we're very well positioned to generate additional value and more opportunities. So in the last couple of months, but I think it's also highlighted the strength of our business. So let's go to the presentation in terms of the highlights for the first half. So this period is EBITDA 11% year on year to around 1.9 billion euros. So on one hand, EBITDA benefited from the recovery of the hydro in Iberia to close to the historic average in the first half of 2020. So compared to a very dry first half of 2019, so the hydro factor was approximately one. We also had very robust results in the energy management segment. And this was driven by our hedging strategy in the energy markets. This benefited obviously from the significant decline in the energy prices and the increase in the energy markets volatility. However, we also saw some negative pressure on the EBITDA from the depreciation of the Brazilian real and the contraction of the electricity demand in some of our key markets. Obviously, this affected both our supply operations in Iberia and also the performance in our distribution business in Brazil where, well, on bundles, you know, the supply and distribution are essentially the same thing. In terms of recurring net profits, this increased by 8% to 509 million euros. This was exclusively driven by the Iberian business at an increase of 120 million euros, so it almost doubled. So I think this is a really strong performance from the Iberian business this year. This more than compensated EDPR and EDP Brazil's lower contribution. In addition, we also saw the average cost of debt improved by 70 basis points to 3.3%. And this is essentially as we've seen more competitive refinancing costs compared to our maturing debt. Overall, the reported net profit decreased by 22%. So this was dragged by non-recurring items in the first half of 2020. Essentially, the key items here are impairments in the coal assets following the closure or the anticipated closure of Sinsch coal plant in 2021, we announced that in July, and also the one-off cost of the hybrid bond repurchase, which we did in the first quarter of this year. Net debt down 2% year to date to 14.1 billion euros. Obviously, this reflects in the first half the payment of the annual dividend in the second quarter, which is a recurring event every year. So there's more pressure on the second quarter. Also like to note that the net debt in June 2020 was flat versus June 2019. And so as a result, the ratio of net debt to EBITDA was 3.7 times in June 2020, just slightly above the 3.6 in 7.19 and clearly below the 4.1 shown last year, year to date, last year, 3.19. In terms of cash flow, recurring organic cash flow rose 0.3 billion euros to a billion euros. This is obviously supported by better performance in activities in which we don't have partners or minority interests and also the lower interest costs. So despite the COVID restrictions, and I think this is important to note, our expansion investments continue to move forward at a good pace and they reached around 0.8 billion euros, of which almost 90% was allocated to new renewable projects and the remaining to the expansion of electricity networks in Brazil. We've also made good progress on the implementation of our strategy post June 2020. So as you know, we've closed an agreement for the acquisition of Gears for the good valuation. This includes, as you know, the long-term partnership with Macquarie for the electricity distribution business in Spain. It reinforces our regulated and long-term contracted risk profile. And we've had the opportunity to talk about this in detail in July, so I won't spend much time on this. You know, obviously associated with we raised a billion euros for the right issue representing around 8.5% increase in share capital. I think this was well received by the markets. It's relatively critical to support the Gears acquisition. I'll touch a little bit more on this later on, but I think the general perception was very positive. Finally, we also announced over the last month, two after rotation deals totaling 1.1 billion euros of enterprise value. So the first deal, which we announced in mid-August, was 240 megawatts in Spain at an easy multiple of 2.1 million euros per megawatt. This was for a portfolio with an average age of nine years. The second deal, which we announced this week, refers to 560 megawatts in the U.S. at an EV of 2.1 million dollars per megawatt as of COD. So I just highlighted as of COD, which is the reference that we should use. Implicit valuations in these transactions, we support the positive outlook that we've shared with you in the first quarter conference call. So I think it's just reinforcing this trend that we've had. Let's move forward to the next slide. So on EBITDA, the breakdown by business platform. So as I mentioned, consolidated EBITDA down 3% year on year, but would have been flat if we excluded the forex impact, namely the Brazilian real, which depreciated 20% versus the euro. Within renewables, and despite the 82% increase in our hydro production in Iberia, 4% below historical average, the hydro EBITDA had an 8% decline, mainly due to the decline in the wind and the solar. This in turn is explained by the wind's resource in our global wind farms portfolio was 9% below long-term average. The average capacity in operation decreased by 6%, and this is essentially due to the after rotation last year of 51% stake in a 1 gigawatt wind portfolio. So obviously that has a relevant impact in EBITDA level. It was 87 million euros year on year impact on EBITDA. Obviously at the net profit level, this is much less relevant since it's also post minorities. Finally, the decrease in asset rotation gains by 74 million euros year on year. So in the first half of 2020, the asset rotation gains were 145 million euros, reflecting the valuation and the shareholding adjustments from the transfer of most of our offshore wind assets to the new 50-50 wind offshore joint venture with Engie. As you know, it's called Ocean Winds. Turning to networks, the 7% fall in EBITDA is mostly related to the depreciation of the Brazilian real. In local currency, EBITDA from networks in Brazil grew 12%, supported by the expansion of the transmission activities, fully mitigating the 8% decline of electricity demand in our distribution areas. In Iberia, EBITDA evolution reflects the decline of regulated returns in Portugal to 4.9% roughly, and in Spain to around 6%. Finally, the improvement in client solutions and energy management. I think this is a strong improvement. It's fully driven by the positive hedging results in Iberia, partially offset by the 17% decline in EBITDA from supply in Iberia, mostly given the contraction in electricity supply volumes by 7%. So this was most relevant in the B2B segment, where the decrease in volumes reaching 14% was only partially mitigated by the 1.5% increment in the B2C segment. So let's move forward to the next slide on financing costs. So here, interest costs down 16%, supported by 70 basis points decline in the average cost of net debt, as I mentioned, and a 6% decrease in the average debt. Now, this better performance

relatively high rates that will be maturing over the next quarter. So this should continue to support the downward trend on the average cost of debt over the next couple of years. This is something I think we've been flagging and you guys have also asked us about this over the last year or so and I think we're seeing that flowing through now the P&L. Let's move forward to the next slide on recurring net profit. So here the negative FX impact at EBIT level is obviously more diluted at the EBIT level and even more at the net profit level. We fund our operations in the local currency. Below EBIT there's a positive impact from lower net financing costs and there's also lower minority interest both at EDPR and EDP Brazil. This is partially offset by a slight increase in effective income tax. So overall recurring net profit up 8% to €509 million. Reported net profit significantly impacted for the reasons I've already mentioned so namely coal and the repurchase of the hybrid bond. Let's move now to strategy execution and just a few slides on this and a few key messages. Just quickly recapping what we've done since we announced our strategic update back in March 19. So I think we've really shown in this period, it's basically a year and a half, that we've been front loading the execution of this plan. So this has been really important particularly given what's happened in the last couple of months with COVID because we've managed to really lock in a lot of value creation and put us on the right path to extract value from growth opportunities that we've been developing now for a number of years. So in renewables, as you know, 84% of the 7 gigawatt targets for this period, long-term contracts, we're well positioned now for the accelerated growth in Europe and the US. Brazil delivering on the transmission project ahead of the regulatory schedule even taking into account the COVID restrictions. Viesgo, stronger presence in activities aligned with the energy transition in our core markets and I think also with a significant number of synergies. Regarding portfolio optimization, so we've already closed or agreed more than 55% of the 4 billion proceeds related to capitalization. On top of that, we've announced 2.7 billion proceeds from two disposals in Iberia, so the six hydro plants in Portugal and the two GGTs in the BTC supply portfolio in Spain. Overall, I think we consider this proactive portfolio restructuring has been a major source of value creation. On the balance sheet, obviously reinforced with a billion euros of right issue. As mentioned, reinforced the low operating risk profile with increased rates of return for the regulated activities. On efficiency, fully on track to meet targets in our strategic plan. OPEX decreasing 3% year-on-year in the first half of 2020. Obviously, part of that to do with COVID, but it's also really allowed us to accelerate some of these savings given increased digitalization and also greater operational efficiency that we were redesigning during this period. So, it's a boost in that respect as well. On shareholder remuneration, so we're comfortable with the stability of our dividend policy. As you know, the 19 cents floor, target payout 75-85%. And we're completely committed to reinforcing our green position and accelerating our decarbonization. So, as you know, that's a key part of our strategy and it will continue to be. In the first half of 2020, 80% of our electricity production came from renewables. And our CO2 emissions factor decreased by 57%. Obviously, this was very much supported by the 74% contraction in coal production. Our repositioning is also reinforced not only by the closure of coal, but also involvement in some of the energy transition projects, including we're engaged in participating in a green hydrogen project in Portugal. We have some storage projects under analysis for SOTUS-3. And we also have some renewable projects that we're intending to develop in Viesgo's coal sites, which are being decommissioned in the south of Spain. So, definitely green positioning is extremely important for us. Let's just move forward to the next slide. So, just a quick note here on the right issue. So, as you know, successful 8.5% increase. I won't dwell much on this, but I think the market reactions, the operation shows the merits of the combined acquisition and the right issue deal. But as I say, that's done. We'll move forward to the next slide, slide 10. I think here, this is an interesting slide. So, it shows how we've been active in reshaping our ideas portfolio. So, just reminding you, in December, we announced the disposal of six hydro plants in Portugal for the 2.2 billion euros. Already gotten the EU merger control approval, and we believe that the Portuguese regulatory approvals are also on track. In May, we had the sale of the top alloy with the CCTs in the B2C portfolio. EU merger control already approved this transaction, as you know, last couple of weeks. And the transaction and the restructuring and carve out of the assets is ongoing. So, again, on track. And then in July, we also announced the acquisition of Viesgo, more recent deal. So, it's still ongoing approvals, both at the European and Spanish regulatory level. But again, we think that's on track and expect that to be done by the fourth quarter. In fact, we expect all of these transactions to be completed in the fourth quarter. As we indicated in the strategic update, so the overall aim of the group is to reduce merchant price exposure and to really enhance the visibility of our revenue by increasing our long-term contracted assets. So, I think these recent transactions are a really strong step in this direction. A note here, just regarding the integrated industrial project for Viesgo. So, we're already working on a plan to be implemented in the first 100 days and expected kickoff just after the financial closing of the transaction. But this is something we already have the team working on and fully developing the 100-day plan. Let's just move on to slide 11. Maybe a note here on the asset rotation. So, the last couple of weeks have been really busy for the teams here in terms of finalizing these deals. So, in fact, in August we announced the sale of the 240 megawatts, as I mentioned, in Spain, 2.1 million per megawatt. By comparison, our previous asset rotation deal in April was at around a multiple of 1.6. So, significant uplift in value despite a slightly older portfolio. I think here the message is a lot of competition despite the COVID situation and very attractive prices. This week we announced the sale of an 80% stake in a 560 megawatt portfolio in the US. So, it's both wind and solar. It's got an implicit EV multiple of $2.1 million per megawatt, as the COD, as I mentioned. If we only consider the wind assets, the multiple would be around $2.4 million per megawatt. So, that's also a significant increase versus our previous transaction in North America. So, all of these EV multiples expansion in these transactions is not only due to the lower interest rates, both in Europe and in the US. As you know, the 10-year government bond yields are declined by about 1% in Spain and about 2% in the US. But we continue to see, as I mentioned, strong appetites among institutional investors for these green assets with regulated or long-term contracted revenues. So, I think there's a strong market there for the product. Let's move forward to slide 12. So, here in terms of build-out. So, despite the COVID, we've managed to keep a strong execution of the BPAs. We have 84% of the 7 gigawatts, as I mentioned. In terms of project delivery, there have been postponements, as you know, as we've mentioned earlier, imposed by COVID on some construction activities and also on the manufacturer's value chain. In some cases, this could imply some delays for up to around 500 megawatts of wind, which we have under construction in the US. For 2020, it might slip from the fourth quarter to the first quarter of 2021. So, I don't think this has any impact or material impact from an evaluation perspective. The PTCs will still be there. So, it's really just the COD will be beginning of 21. As you know, there was this extension for the previous, for the PTC, versus the previous target of December 2020. So, we're pretty comfortable there. In relation to installed capacity by 2020, the number should be offset by the consolidation of the 500 megawatts of wind capacity coming from Viesco, which the financial closing is also expected before year end. Regarding offshore wind, the JV is done. So, established Ocean Winds, as you know, brings a positive impact because of the assets that were transferred and the revaluations that were done. Two remaining assets to be transferred from our side, Mayflower in the US, and Windflow in Portugal before the end of this year. And on the energy side, the CMA in Belgium is also expected before the end of this year. In relation to our project, the Windflow Atlantic, this was commissioned in the summer. I think it's an interesting, some of the facts about this project. It's an interesting milestone for the offshore industry. It's the largest turbine ever installed on a floating platform. In the two projects, the more, also in relation to offshore, so two other projects that are pretty advanced stage of construction. So, CMA in Belgium and more east in the UK. So, I think also going to be good references for our offshore targets. So, they continue to evolve in line with the construction schedules, and I think that's on track. Let's move on to slide 13. And here's just, I think, a more high-level

In Europe, a number of mechanisms have been designed by European institutions for the economy, the environment, digitalization, basically aiming to promote a recovery based on a more sustainable economic model. So this really fits well with our strategy. I think we're really well positioned to benefit from it. Overall, the National Energy Plan has estimated over 340 gigawatts of new onshore wind and solar capacity by 2030, of which 55% correspond to eight European countries where we're already present. So it's important also not to forget other investments that will be key, namely the hydro, electric mobility, smart grids, where we've also been very active. So I think in general, good news for where we are strategically. The European institutions also created the Just Transitions Fund, which can also be used to support regions affected by the coal plant shutdown. So I think this will also be an added incentive to accelerate this transition and really accelerate the shutdown of coal and move into renewables. In the US, definitely we benefit from the extension of the PTCs and also some pretty ambitious energy transition policies that will be discussed in the run-up to November's election. So again, pretty exciting times, I think, for the green economy. So now let's move to slide 14 and just a word on Brazil. So Brazil has obviously been significantly impacted by the pandemic. But I think it's also been interesting to see that the Brazilian institutions have reacted, I think, in a really solid way to create several mechanisms to support electricity companies and the sector and the consumers. And so just to highlight a couple of these. The distribution, I would like to mention the creation of the COVID account. So this increases the liquidity for the company. It's also a pass-through cost related to the estimated COVID impact, the surplus of long-term contracted electricity volumes. So last July, EDP Brazil got essentially around 600 million reais referring to the COVID account, which reinforced the financial liquidity. So it was a good measure for the sector as a whole, and obviously we benefited from that. In generation, there was a recent approval by the Senate of new legislation to solve the GSF issue. I think this is a critical step to reduce the regulatory uncertainty. There's still the presidential approval, which is required to proceed with the release of the detail rules from the regulator. The solution involves the extension of the concession periods for some hydropower plants in exchange for some upfront payments that will solve some pending financial settlements. So it solves some uncertainty that existed until now. So I think that's also an important step that took place in August. In transmission, we had some delays in the construction works given the COVID, but construction has resumed. 71% total capex for the six transmission lines was already executed. Last month, we announced the completion of the second part of the LOT 11 in the Medellin state. It's fully operational now, 12 months ahead of regulatory schedule. And regarding future transmission options, we'll obviously continue to review opportunities, but we'll also be disciplined in the way that we approach this. As you know, we are when we go to these options. Looking at the macro environment, strong depreciation of Brazil in real, so that worsens our financial in euros, but also some positive indicators from a macro view in Brazil, namely really low interest rates, I mean record low interest rates. The CELIC, the benchmark rate, has recently reset at 2% by the Brazilian Central Bank. So in that sense, also greatly reducing the funding costs in Brazil. In March 2020, so beginning of the crisis, Brazil took several preventive measures to protect financial liquidity. Obviously, there was a lot of uncertainty at the time. So they initially cut the dividend proposal and had some capex postponements and increase of credit lines. So as a result, they had a very strong financial liquidity of 3.4 billion reais, low leverage of around two times that EBITDA. But given the strong position, things seem to be recovering. Brazil has just now announced a share buyback program and a clarification on this dividend policy, 70 dividend, so the one real per share, 50% payout on adjusted net profit. So this is very much in line with the dividend proposal announced by Brazil in March, withdrawn because of the COVID, but we're now reaffirming that and maintaining that for the next three years. In the release, in the press release that the company made, it's also stated that the absence of investment opportunities in Brazil at attractive conditions, the remaining cash flow would be distributed either as buybacks or additional dividends. But basically the idea is to have an optimized capital structure in Brazil and make sure that it's efficient. So let's just move to slide 15 and talk a little bit about something which I know also interests many of you, which is the energy markets. So as I've already mentioned, we had pretty solid results in energy management in the first half. This compensated the negative effects from weaker volumes and low energy prices. For the rest of the year, we expect much lower energy management results below the average of the last five semesters. So really the first half, in particular the first quarter, was exceptionally good. And obviously going forward, so for the remaining month of the year, the second half, the reason for this is on the back of hedging and it's got to do with seasonality and basically the recovery of energy prices. So I just wanted to remind you that this expectation is already reflected in our guidance, which we've been providing. Also in relation to 21 and also something I'd like to highlight, and we've been doing that over the last couple of months, is we are reducing our merchant exposure. So disposal of the hydros, I mentioned CCGT, the BTC portfolio, the shutdown of the coal. So all of this contributes to reducing our merchant exposure in Iberia. We also have now almost 100% of our hydro and nuclear production hedged at an average price of around €45 per megawatt hour. So this is aligned with the forward prices. And 60% of our expected gas production, CCGT production, at a mid-single digit spread on average. So this is essentially 2021. So much locked in. So let's just a quick mention on slide 16 on impact. Just to say, as I've mentioned before, it really shows that throughout this really challenging time, we have shown a lot of resilience, particularly the second quarter of 2020 was particularly tough in terms of the lockdown, in terms of the impact on the economy. And I think despite that, we're able to have solid results. Of course, this has to do also with the adaption capacity of the company, but also our people. So there's a lot of focus here on the business plan execution throughout this period, despite the lockdown and everyone being remote. So there's a lot of support for our suppliers, to clients, I mean, just generally the community. So I think in general, we try to really have a holistic stakeholder view here. And this translated also into a good quality of service, also even in terms of both the supply business and the distribution business. Coming out of this, I think there's really an opportunity to take some of the lessons learned and benefit not only from an efficiency point of view, so it's irrelevant, digitalization, but I think also new ways of working. And so I think this is really making us also reflect on how we, even post-pandemic, how we'll reflect that in the way that people interact here in the office and everything. And so I think that will bring a lot of benefits also in terms of motivation for our team. Last slide, and let's just move to summary. So we're maintaining the financial guidance that we shared with you just a month ago in the Viesbach acquisition and the rights issue presentation. So despite 2020 being difficult for COVID, we are keeping a solid earnings resilience. We currently have a 3.6 billion recurring net income, 5.85.9 target. As you know, our recurring net profit assumes the status as non-recurring. So if you take that out, we're sort of at 0.8, including the SES. In terms of the deals we expect to do in the fourth quarter, we expect to conclude in the fourth quarter. I think that will be deposited to obviously for the post-2020 periods. So we see Viesbach clearly earnings enhancing, significant value from the industrial project. And also I think the better than expected terms of Yasser rotation deals also allows to take a more optimistic view versus our strategic plan assumptions regarding the transactions over the next couple of years. So we still have around 2 billion, slightly less than that, to do in the next couple of years. I think what we've seen in terms of the asset rotations over the last 18 months, 24 months, has allowed us to be slightly more optimistic versus our business plan assumptions. We also see improved growth opportunities for renewables, both wind onshore, offshore, solar, hybrids, may include also storage, green hydrogen. I think there's a lot of moving pieces here, which I think will give us good opportunities to create value. Improved economics, a lot of public support, both in Europe and in the US. So I think we'll have some tailwinds here. The portfolio restructuring and the focus goes on the long-term contracted and regulated activities, also going to reduce our merchants exposure and improve our low-risk profile. And that's together with very supportive credit markets, lower yields for longer, should allow us to also continue to reduce our average cost of debt. So this overall combined effect allows us to feel comfortable about the dividend policies I mentioned. And so just generally, I think we continue to see a very positive outlook regarding EDP's capacity to lead this energy transition and to really continue to create value for our stakeholders and our shareholders, obviously. So we obviously then have a couple of annexes. I'm not going to go through that, but you have a lot of information we typically provide.

We then have a couple of annexes. I'm not going to go through that, but you have a lot of information we typically provide in other presentations. You can refer to that in the Q&A if necessary. I'll just stop here and turn it back over to Miguel Vian. Yes, we can start now the Q&A session. Maybe we start with the questions on the phone, please. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question at this time, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. To cancel your question, please press star 2. We will take our first question from Mr. Alberto Gandolfi from Goldman Sachs. Thank you. Please go ahead. Thank you so much for taking my question. I will stick to three. The first one is a bit pedantic, and I apologize in advance. But just to be clear, on your 3.6 billion EBITDA for 2020 and 0.85 to 0.9 billion, you call it recurring. I think out there there's different definitions by different people, like analysts, investors. Would you be so kind to tell us how much asset rotation or offshore JV gains you are including in there, and what one-off costs do you think include in there? I tell you this because you're talking about 190 million one-off costs at the bottom line from, you know, Cinesh, the liability management, early purchases of bonds, and the extraordinary tax. But you don't explain it here. That's also not recurring. So I was wondering, you know, how you treat that here. And lastly, you know, you're not really living here a big COVID impact, like some of your competitors. So I was wondering, can you give us a million euro figure impact from COVID, you know, not currency, but perhaps just volumes and maybe adjusted for some of the extra gains in energy management you had? So it would be great to really get to a clean, clean, clean figure here to understand your underlying earnings power, which I believe is the key base today. Second question. I'm really intrigued, Miguel, by your comments that talked about, you know, 85% secured of the 7 gigawatt. And if I put that together with your recent balance sheet measures, very interesting, the sentence you used there. You said we are well positioned for growth opportunities in Europe and the U.S. Can you elaborate on that? You know, the balance sheet of EDP by year end, once you close all those transactions, is probably going to be 5 billion stronger, you know, really 5 billion broadly. So securitization after rotation, disposal. What are you going to do with all this money? I mean, I guess, you know, growth opportunities, you talk about renewable. Can you give us more? Tell us what is the organization ready to deploy? Is it going to 3 to 3.5, 4 gigawatt, you know, within the next three years of growth capacity additions? I'm not asking you a preview of the CMD, but just trying to understand what's the potential here. Last question, very quick. Also quite surprised, given that most of your enterprise value is renewables, you do not seem to show a pipeline here. Can you share it with us, a gross pipeline? We know some projects will never materialize. We know some projects will. We know you need to keep every day working to beef up the pipeline. But can you tell us a snapshot where it is today? Thank you. Thank you, Albert. So in relation to your first question, just how much asset rotation is in the recurring numbers I was talking about. So we're expecting that for the full year we should be close to 0.4. So I think we had 145 in the first half and, you know, we've had two recent deals, which will be closing in the second quarter. I think from the multiples you can assume that there's obviously going to be a relevant capital gain associated with that. So I think we'll be well ahead of what was our initial expectation. That's allowing us to mitigate the impacts of the COVID, which was the second part of this question. So asset rotations close to 0.4. And what I would like to highlight, though, also, it does show the recurring power of this business model because it's not one, it's not two, it's not three, it's not four. It's already several transactions that we've been doing over the last couple of years or certainly last two years selling majority stakes where we have consistently shown not only the market appetite for these assets but also the interest and sort of the attractiveness of these assets, which has obviously increased even during this period. Also in this question in terms of one-off costs. So as I say, in Sinish we're obviously impairing the asset value. We're also impairing some of the coal value and restructuring costs associated with that. The liability management is what it is. It's obviously the hybrid buyback we did at the beginning of the year and the sales as well. I think this was detailed in the presentation. But essentially that's sort of the one-off, which is clearly signaled and is not part of these numbers. In relation to the Spanish coal, we've already done that last year. So really the big coal is really Sinish now in the second quarter. In relation to COVID, so we were obviously impacted by COVID and heavily impacted by COVID. Everyone was. It has an impact at the EBITDA level, let's say, above 0.1 billion in terms of that. Don't forget a lot of this was also in Brazil. So when it gets down to the net profit line, it's mitigated. And in Iberia it was also impacted our commercial business. But then that was also mitigated by part of our energy management. So I certainly wouldn't draw the assumption on the contrary. We were heavily impacted by COVID. But fortunately we also had other levers which then allowed us to mitigate that impact. So on a recurring basis, we ended up in a good place. In relation to your second question, so the small positions for growth. I think we're focused on the business plan. As I mentioned, we're still at 84%. You can look at it as we're positive. We're at 84. You can say that we still have some more to do to get to 100%. We would look at going to the market at the beginning of 2021 and providing an update on how we see the company going forward for the next couple of years. And we would then be able to elaborate a little bit more. But also in relation to this question, I think it's a relevant point. I mean, our balance sheets will be again at the year where we wanted it to be. In other words, we are still a triple B minus rating. And we have the objective of trying to move to a triple B rating. And so that means that we need to be consistent in the ways that we move in this direction. So the transactions we're doing are allowing us to get a little bit more freedom and to move towards the triple B. It doesn't mean we suddenly have a huge amount of space. And so we are moving in the right direction but on track, so in line with what we expected. So I'd say that's in relation to the capacity for more growth. Really, I'd like to probably answer that when we do a full CMD, when we can take all the different pieces, put them together and have a sort of a solid, coherent plan rather than just answering it as a part of it in relation to specific renewals. In growth pipeline, the third question, you're right, we don't typically provide a lot of information on pipeline. Obviously, as we go on closing the BPAs, we provide that. We have a very large pipeline, which has allowed us to feed. It's basically a funnel. And I think we've talked about this a little bit in the past and in some of the conversations that sometimes you need to be developing this pipeline for four or five, six years in different geographies until you actually get it to maturity. So we don't provide that information, but I think the fact that we are able to deliver the BPAs and deliver the growth shows that it's a pretty solid pipeline that we have that's stacking that funnel. And just, sorry, Miguel, just to be clear on the first answer, and thank you, that was very comprehensive. So you have 400 million gains from rotation before taxes and those not a very high tax rate here. And then you have 200 million one-off cost, 100 million volume cost on both on a pre-tax basis and on the 100 million, some of it, a big chunk of it, including. So if I were to think EBITDA would be 400 gains and 300 cost, right? Yeah. Thank you. Roughly. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. We will take our next question from the line of Harry Weidberg from Bank of America. Hi, everyone. Three questions from me, please. So first two, I'm afraid, also on the guidance. So I just kind of get the sense when rewinding back to May at your first quarter results, it was a fairly positive update. And I think certainly my interpretation was that the wind was sort of more blowing towards potentially this year coming out ahead of guidance. And you sort of updated it and the range you given is perhaps a touch below if you're pedantic. What I'm interested in is what's changed? You sort of alluded to a less good outlook in the second half Iberia retail. So compared to where we were when we were last speaking in sort of early to mid-May, what's really changed?

the last meeting in sort of early to mid-May. What's really changed in the second half? Has there been a sort of negative movement in the outlook for retail or any other part of the business that perhaps means we're kind of less looking at a kind of guidance upgrade or beat? Or is it just that the COVID impacts are actually bigger than what you'd anticipated back in May? Second one, sort of very granular, sort of mainly ES note question. So does the 0.85 to 0.9 guidance and the 0.4 of gains include an assumption for the remaining assets that are going to be folded into the NGJV? Or would that be upside for those figures? And what are you assuming for the US dollar in your 0.85 to 0.9? So is that based upon a mark to market as of today? And then third and final question just on the legal case. So as I understand it, there's now a potential legal case where EDP would be a defendant. Can you just help us understand the timeline on that case? Is that something that is expected perhaps to drag on for years or tens of years? Or is this something that you think could come to a head relatively quickly? Thank you. Okay, Harry. So thanks for the questions. So maybe on positives and negatives versus May. So I think in May we were, we'd already tried to factor in a lot of the moving pieces, which is, you know, so as I mentioned earlier, we were hit hard by COVID. There are also some positives that we were already beginning to see. And so we sort of built that into our view at the time. And positives, you know, we had already seen the lower interest rates. We were seeing already higher gains in the asset rotation. Some of the negatives that have, let's say, been highlighted over the last couple of months. The stronger devaluation of the Brazilian real. And obviously the demand. So I think, you know, definitely those pieces have continued to move. But the positive ones we've already seen, I think the Brazilian real has continued to devalue a little bit further versus where we were back in May. And in terms of the energy management also for the remaining part of the year, I think, as I mentioned, we had an extremely or extraordinarily strong first quarter. Second quarter was good, but obviously less strong. And typically the second half of the year is less strong than the first half. So as I mentioned, that's also already all built into our target. So, you know, we're already now in September. We've already had the chance to sort of incorporate the latest assumptions. And I think these positives and negatives lead us to be comfortable with the guidance we provided amongst them. In relation to your question on the net profit. So, yes, the guidance already assumes the gains that may come in from moving the remaining projects into the JV. So that's also built in. So it's essentially Mayflower and CMAID, which are the ones that will have the greatest impact in that. So that's relatively quick question. And I think you also asked about the euro dollar. That's 1.15 roughly is what we were assuming for that forecast. In relation to the legal case, there's not really very much I can add to what we said in the past. So timeline is uncertain, but certainly it's something that we don't expect a lot of news in the short term. It could drag on, as you know. The legal cases in Portugal typically do drag on for a number of years. There's not any information that I can provide. No news in this respect. August is a pretty slow month, judicial holidays. And so nothing more to say here. Okay, many thanks. Just on the legal case, have you had to provision anything in your accounts for that? No, I'll be very clear about that. We have not provisioned and we have no intention of provisioning. I mean, there's in fact, there's not even any number out there that we could possibly even try to understand what, you know, have a reference for that. So no provision, no intention of provisioning, and not even a reference that exists. Sorry, thank you. We can go to the next question on the phone, please. We will take our next question from the line of Hasser Sitkom from Morgan Stanley. Hi, now the next question comes from Manuel Palomo from Edge. Hello, good morning, everyone. Thanks for giving me a question. I've just got two questions. Well, one regarding Portugal, in which I will ask you to please update us on the latest on the sterling taxes. And two, related to recent auction and well, what's your view on the results from that auction and why you did not gain any, why you were not awarded any of these projects under the different optionalities for the auction. Second one, and again, not trying to preview your CMV in the future, but I was wondering whether you could tell us what is the run rate in terms of installations that EVPR could do. Are you already at the peak of that or do you see still some room for improvement in the coming future? Thank you. Hi, Manuel. So in relation to the Portuguese regulation, I think essentially we have three different topics that we typically talk about, which is the sales, the clawback and the social tariff. And I would say that in relation to the sales, the extraordinary tax, clearly there's a commitment to have this evolve and that was set out in the government budget for the year, that it should be reduced in line with the system debt. Unfortunately, this coincided with the COVID and so the system debt is actually not expected to decline this year. We do expect it to continue to decline going forward because the COVID is obviously a one-off impact. So it creates a short-term pressure this year, but then we continue when we look forward, when we project the tariffs going forward and the system debt, we continue to see it as completely sustainable and will fall away over the next couple of years. So in that respect, I think that little commitment is still there and it's a question now of following this and seeing how it evolves. In relation to clawback, again, I think maybe some positive news on that, which we hope will come out over the next couple of weeks, maybe. Essentially, some steps were taken. As you know, the Secretary of State has already mentioned that we should net off the sales and the social tariff against the clawback. And so that now needs to be detailed and reflected in specific regulatory regulation and that's being done. So hopefully we'll have some news coming out of that. In terms of the social tariff, not really any news on that. So no change there. So that's Portuguese regulation. In terms of solar auction, so we obviously go to these auctions and we participate the same way we participate in many other auctions around the world. We do our best. We set up the teams. We try to find the locations. We use our pipeline. But then we're also disciplined about what we see as the returns that we expect for this type of project. And so we'll go in and we'll have a price that we're willing to go to and then if it goes beyond that, then we'll step out and we'll invest elsewhere. I think it was interesting to see the solar auction. So obviously we'd also participated last year. We were awarded not in the auction but afterwards with the project there. But this year it had a particularity in which you could also bid with storage. So 75% of the solar of the 700 megawatts ended up being taken in the modality, which is solar plus storage. And that ended up being extremely competitive. And say on a CSV basis, if we had to do a, in one case it was 11 euros per megawatt hour. In some cases it could even potentially be negative. So very aggressive prices. I have to also mention here that half of those megawatts were won by a South Korean company, which is also a producer of panels and storage. So they may have a different view on the economics. And so they were able to be more competitive there. Can't really tell, but I guess it would be certainly interesting to try and understand a little bit more of those economics there. But it's part of life. I mean, we go to these auctions, we win some, we lose some, and that's just have to be disciplined in how we approach this. In relation to the question on the run rate. So clearly we're ramping up, as you know, in renewables. We were at a run rate of around 700 megawatts and we're ramping up to around two gigawatts. We have the pipeline. And I think that's something that we've all stressed is the big change, I think strategically that we had was to build

as much as we can and then if necessary sell part of it to continue to recycle that capital. From an organizational perspective we've also been ramping up. We've been hiring a lot of people. We've been sort of building out the organization obviously to match that. So this year we would be already obviously now with the COVID it's been slightly delayed the number of megawatts we're building this year but we've already been getting close to gigawatts. So we've been 1.5 to 1.9 type range. And as I say some of those megawatts have slipped into 2021 but I think the organization is there. So we continue to ramp up the organization. I think we had the heart of it, the core we already had in terms of energy assessment, in terms of the relationship with the turbine manufacturers. So I think that's there. And so we're really fleshing out in the different markets and in the markets where we already are to make sure we can continue to deliver those megawatts. So this is all just to say we're comfortable with the run rate of the 2 gigawatts. I'd wait to see sort of the full PMG to talk about any other numbers apart from that. Okay, thank you. We'll try now to answer some questions from the web. We have here some questions regarding the Viesgo acquisition in terms of integration. So Stefan Besato from Credit Suisse and Jorge Branco from GP Capital. Are you in a position to provide more detail on the expected synergies and tax benefits from the Viesgo? Is it now possible to provide more details for you about the special synergies? Also Jorge Alonso with the same direction? So as I mentioned, we're focused now on executing the M&A and trying to get that closed by the end of the year and getting this through the different regulatory hurdles. We're also in parallel working on the integration plan for the first 100 days. So we'll be basically doubling our size, more than doubling our size in networks for permanent concessions. We'll be combining two industrial projects. So obviously I think we can all intuitively understand that this has a lot of value creation potential. I've seen some of the numbers from some of you guys and sell-side analysts and we're comfortable with those numbers. I think they're aligned with the benchmark for these kinds of deals, certainly our internal numbers, which will not be very different from those. But I really can't share much more detail than that. I would just also say in relation to the tax issue, I mean obviously since we will have more than 75% in the distribution holding company, we will have the full fiscal consolidation within the EDP Spain perimeter. So we expect that to also generate significant value. We have then a question also regarding from Jorge Veranjo in terms of coal plants of Esgot impact on EBITDA in 2021. I think this is slightly easy. Maybe we don't expect any EBITDA contributions. We expect that all the extraordinary costs for shutdown will be already accounted both in 2019 and 2020. Finally, I think we are reaching the end of the call. We have a last one on the fixed income from James Barrow, BNP Paribas. Can you talk about your funding needs after the capital increase and recent asset sales? Having issues equity, do you no longer need to issue hybrid debt? Will the focus be more on issuing cheaper senior debt in the future? Yeah, the answer here is yes. I mean we'll continue to issue senior debt, probably most of it or I mean will either be euros or dollars. We also think it's important to continue to issue dollars since most of our growth or a big part of our growth is also US driven, dollar driven. Hybrids, listen, they're a tool and we may use them in the future so I would never say never. We need to reinforce credit metrics but certainly we don't have any plans to do that at the moment because we'll just focus on executing the leverage plan which doesn't require any more habits for that. The capital increase was obviously just necessary because of the Viesgo acquisition. But I think we can conclude regarding any final remarks. Look, I think it's been obviously the second quarter was a tough quarter and we would have liked to go back to you guys on the line and present on that. But as you know it wasn't possible. I think we are very comfortable. We had solid results. We're comfortable with the guidance. We're comfortable in terms of the asset rotation deals. We're comfortable in terms of the way we're managing the energy management. So we're feeling very positive about the company. And several of you raised this in terms of our future prospects. I would prefer to have a comprehensive discussion and presentation to all on this in the future. But certainly we're feeling very good about the company and about the prospects going forward. So I think we're in a good place. We finished the call. Thank you very much for your participation and hope to have you in the next weeks in some interactions in several conferences and then on the first quarter results conference call that is reaching very close already. Bye. Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

