 Today I'll highlight recent pipeline updates and discuss some of the key milestones we
 anticipate for the remainder of 2017.
 I'll start with our he-monk programs
 where we continue to make significant progress
 with both in Bruvica and then Clexta.
 Starting with Imbruvica, as we've outlined,
 Expanding into new indications is an important driver of future growth.
 Earlier this year, we added relapsed refractory.
 marginal zone lymphoma to our growing list of approved uses, and we continue to make
 progress with other indications as well.
 During the quarter, we submitted a supplemental new drug application for the use of imbuvaca
 in patients with chronic graft versus host disease,
 who failed prior systemic therapy.
 GVHD is a severe and potentially life-threatening complication that can occur in patients who
 have undergone an allogeneic stem cell or bone marrow transplant.
 There are currently limited treatment options for this disease, and if approved, improve
 Africa would be the first and only therapy specifically indicated for chronic GVHD.
 In phase two data presented at the end of last year, 67% of patients who failed steroid
 therapy responded to treatment with imbuvica.
 with one-third of the responders achieving a complete response, and almost two-thirds
 substantially reducing steroid use.
 Based on these data, we expect a regulatory decision in the second half of the year.
 Later this year, we anticipate several key data readouts for Imbruvica, including data
 from an interim analysis in front line mantle cell lymphoma, as well as additional potential
 in armenalities in other forms of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
 Moving out of NCLEXDA, we're expecting data from the Morano study, evaluating the combination
 of ENCLEXTA and RETUXAN later this year, which we believe will support a broader label in
 relapse refractories, CLL, and help establish FENCLEXDA as a foundational therapy in this
 patient population.
 the phase 3 program evaluating Bencox-State in front line CLL is also ongoing.
 studies being run in younger, more fit patients, as well as older patients with comorbidities.
 studies, as well as other combination studies with hembrubica, are important parts of the
 then collects the strategy to drive toward chemo-free regimen in CLL.
 We anticipate key data from the CLL-14 study in older patients with comorbid medical conditions to be available in 2018.
 beyond our core strategy in CLL.
 We are making great progress with our development programs
 to expand and collect stuff across multiple hematologic
 We have phase three studies ongoing in multiple myeloma, as well as AML, where we have received
 breakthrough therapy designation.
 these studies are progressing well, with key data becoming available in the 2019
 time frame.
 this year, we are also expecting additional data readouts from Phase 2 studies in the
 indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, which will inform
 decisions regarding advancement in these indications.
 I'll now turn to our solid tumor programs where we continue to make good progress with
 our late-stage programs, ROVA-T and ABT-414, as well as with our early-stage oncology
 pipeline. Starting with Rova-T, our registrational trial in third line plus small cell 1 cancer,
 Trinity study continues to progress nicely and we expect data later this year.
 Our submission will follow soon thereafter, enabling a commercial launch in 2018.
 In addition to Trinity, we have a comprehensive development program in place for Rova T to
 to evaluate this promising therapy
 in earlier lines of treatment in small cell lung cancer.
 as well as in other tumor types that express DLL3.
 The Roba-T program includes additional studies currently underway in small cell lung cancer
 including Maroo, a phase three study evaluating standard chemotherapy, followed by Roba T.
 in the front line setting.
 and a mid-stage combination study evaluating rovatii with op-devo and with op-devo and urohoy
 in small cell lung cancer.
 In this quarter, we will also start the Tahoe study, a phase 3 trial in second line small
 and also lung cancer.
 Beyond small cell lung cancer, the neuroendocrine tumor basket study is progressing nicely and
 And we anticipate beginning to see early data from this study toward the end of this year.
 As we've discussed, the acquisition of STEMCentrics not only provided at the late-stage asset
 in Rover T8, but brought a highly attractive discovery and early development platform
 as well.
 In addition to Robotea, we have four stem-centric assets in the clinic, and we are on track
 to transition several additional programs
 in the human trials this year.
 to our growing oncology pipeline, which includes more than 35 late preclinical or early clinical
 stage assets.
 Beyond Rova-T and our other stem-centric assets, we're continuing to make progress with our
 our solid tumor programs, including
 our antibody drug conjugate for glioblastoma multiforma, ABT414, which was granted fast
 track designation earlier this month.
 at the upcoming ASCO meeting.
 we plan to present full data from the phase one study of ABT414 and glioblastoma including
 overall survival and progression-free survival data.
 And later this year, we'll see data from the phase two
 study in second-line GBM that if positive would support regulatory
 submission. In our early stage oncology pipeline, we continue to build capabilities and explore
 new technologies that will extend our reach in the solid tumor market.
 We're making good progress with our next generation immuno-oncology programs and other novel
 approaches, such as our bi-specific technology.
 with a number of assets having recently entered the clinic,
 and more study starts expected through their major of 2017.
 We're moving now to our HCV program, where we recently received priority review from
 the FDA for our pan-genotypic next-generation HCV therapy.
 In the quarter, we also received EMA accelerated assessment
 and priority review in Japan.
 Last week at the International Liver Congress, we presented new results from our Phase 3 program,
 including data from the Expedition 1 and Endurance 3 studies,
 Switch together with previously reported data.
 reinforce our next generation therapies potential
 to provide high curate in a shorter treatment duration
 for the majority of patients across all genotypes.
 including patients with compensated cirrhosis
 and those with Genotype 3 infection.
 Results from Expedition 1 demonstrated that 99% of patients with compensated cirrhosis
 achieved.
 Thank you.
 12 weeks of treatment across genotypes 1, 2, 4, 5, and 6.
 We also presented data from Endurance 3 in patients with Genotype 3.
 the second most common genotype globally and the most challenging to treat.
 These results showed that with just eight weeks of treatment,
 95% of genotype 3 patients without cirrhosis and who are new to treatment achieve death
 with our next generation therapy.
 We're excited about the high curates across all major genotypes, and the result in difficult
 to treat patients that we've seen in our phase three program
 and remain confident that our 10 genotypics, once daily,
 drive of iron-free HCV therapy, will be competitively
 positioned within this market.
 We remain on track for regulatory approval in the U.S.
 EU and Japan later this year.
 Moving now to our immunology programs, where we have two very promising late-stage assets,
 assets, RISC and KISMF and ABT-494.
 with the potential to significantly advance standard of care and a number of
 of the immediated conditions.
 Rysynchysimab, our anti-IL-23,
 monoclonal antibody, licensed from Beringer, Engelheim,
 has the potential to provide best-in-class efficacy
 and increased dosing convenience
 with Quarterly Administration.
 Results from the phase two study of Rysynchysimabin psoriasis were recently published in the
 New England Journal of Medicine.
 These data showed that selected blockade of IL-23 with RISC and KISMAP was associated
 with a superior clinical response compared to Stalara.
 In this study, approximately two and a half times
 as many patients.
 achieved Posse 100 with Risenkisman,
 compared with those receiving Stalara.
 The phase three program in psoriasis is well underway and we look forward to seeing data
 from three of the pivotal studies later this year with commercialization expected in 2019.
 Earlier this month, we also published results from a proof-of-concept phase two study of
 precinct is in that, in Crohn's disease.
 Results from this study show that patients receiving
 I think is a map.
 achieved higher clinical and endoscopic remission rates
 and placebo, suggesting that blocking IL-23 could be a very
 promising therapeutic approach in Crohn's disease.
 52-week data from the open-label maintenance portion of this trial will be shared in a
 a late-breaking oral presentation at the upcoming DDW meeting in May.
 phase three studies in Crohn's disease will be starting soon.
 This year, we'll also see phase 2 data in psoriatic arthritis, with phase 3 studies
 expected to begin in the first half of 2018.
 Additionally, we are expecting to begin a phase two study for us in Kizmab in ulcerative
 colitis in the second half of the year.
 Moving now to our Selective Jack 1 inhibitor, ABT494, where we continue to make significant
 progress with our development programs in RA and inflammatory bowel diseases.
 at the upcoming DDW meeting.
 We will be presenting data from the Phase 2 Celeste study in Crohn's disease, showing
 that
 treatment with ABT-494 demonstrated endoscopic improvement and clinical benefit as induction
 therapy in patients with moderate to severe refractory Crohn's disease.
 Based on these strong Phase 2 results, we'll be initiating a Phase 3 program later this
 year.
 We have two additional mid-stage programs for ABT-494, including an ongoing phase two
 study in atopic dermatitis, and it's soon to begin phase 2 study in ulcerative colitis.
 Turning our attention to rheumatoid arthritis, we expect to begin seeing data from the first
 of six phase three R.A. studies in the coming months with top line data from the select
 next trial in patients who have failed conventional D-MARDS expected in June and data from the
 to select beyond study in biologic and adequate responders
 expected later in the summer.
 We plan to present full data from both of these studies
 at a medical meeting later this year.
 We believe ABT494 has the potential to be best in class with an optimized benefit risk
 profile and we are particularly excited about this asset's potential in the difficult to
 to treat anti-TNF inadequate responder population.
 growing segment of the VRA market, representing roughly 35% of the biologic treated population.
 And finally, in the area of women's health, we are nearing completion of the Phase 3 program
 for elegolics in endometriosis and are on track for regulatory submission next quarter.
 In addition to the endometriosis program,
 We have Phase 3 studies underway in uterine fibroids.
 This program is investigating the effect of heligolix on heavy bleeding related to this
 highly prevalent condition.
 We anticipate beginning to see data from this phase three program late in the year.
 Earlier this month, we presented detailed results from the phase two study in uterine
 fibroids at the meeting of the Society of Endometriosis and Uterine Disorders.
 These data demonstrated that treatment with elegolix provided superior efficacy and rapid
 control of heavy menstrual bleeding associated with the uterine fibroid compared to placebo.
 as well as improved quality of life.
 Treatment with elagolics was well tolerated, with hormonal add-back therapies substantially
 attenuating the side effects of oligolox on bone mineral density and hot flashes.
 Importantly, there were no abnormal endometrial findings demonstrating that hella-golux has
 potential as a chronic uninterrupted treatment for this condition.
 We remain excited about this potential new medicine for women with both of these highly
 prevalent conditions, where there are a few effective treatment options.
 So in summary, we've continued to see significant evolution of our mid and late stage pipelines
 and we look forward to many important data readouts.
 phase transitions, regulatory submissions, and approvals later this year.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill for additional comments on our first quarter
 performance.
 Thank you.
 Jeff, this is Mike.
 I'll take the first part of that question.
 So obviously we've been following the situation
 at a very, very close site.
 Of course, we don't have access to the complete response letter
 or knowledge of Lily's conversation with regulators.
 But we do have a very clear understanding of our own program, our own data, and our own
 extensive conversations with regulators here in the U.S. and in major jurisdictions around
 the world. And based on that, we remain confident in our program. I don't see any read through
 from the Lilly situation.
 We've designed a very comprehensive
 and robust phase three program.
 that will thoroughly characterize the efficacy
 and safety profile of both of the doses of ABT 494
 That are being studied in phase 3 and we remain confident in the data that we've seen
 Our phase 2 data were very strong not only from an efficacy but also from a safety perspective.
 An important issue here is dose selection.
 And we designed a very robust base-to-be program that explored a wide range of doses across
 different patient populations
 because dose response is not necessarily the same
 in an earlier population or a TNF and adequate responder
 population, for example, and we ran phase two studies in both of those patient populations.
 allowed us to select doses that we think optimize benefit risk. And as I said, we've designed
 to phase three program that will fully demonstrate that benefit risk and support regulatory
 decisions.
 So our level of confidence or enthusiasm on AB 2494 remains high and hasn't changed
 a bit.
 So this is Mike. I'll take that question.
 We feel very good about the data that we've generated across the program and across genotypes
 If you look at our response rates, they're very high across both the common and uncommon
 and genotypes, and in particular in some of the most difficult to treat patient populations
 like Genotype 3.
 And so while it's difficult to speculate about a label,
 we think that the evidence that we've generated
 strongly supports Pangea Natipic use of the product.
 And with respect to the eight-week data,
 I would make similar statements.
 eight-week data.
 have been very strong across genotypes, including in very difficult to treat patients like genotype
 There, it's been studied in genotype three patients at eight weeks who don't have cirrhosis
 and are new to therapy, but that's a very, very significant portion of the market, not
 not only in the U.S., but around the world.
 and our results are very strong.
 And again, while it's difficult to speculate about a label,
 this early in the process, we think the data supports use of the regimen in that manner
 Okay, this is Mike. I'll take the question about Robotea and Trinity.
 So, what we know about small cell lung cancer is that treatment options are severely limited
 for these patients.
 We know that in the front line setting,
 we can drive good response rates
 with traditional chemotherapy,
 but those responses aren't durable and patients relapse.
 And when they relapse, they're very, very difficult to treat.
 second and subsequent lines of therapy have much lower response rates and very poor durability
 of those responses in the third line setting where we're conducting the Trinity study,
 For example, one year's survival is at best 12%.
 and many experts would put that number lower.
 So what we're looking for in Trinity
 is something that really changes that picture,
 something that shows response rates that are different
 from the chemotherapy options
 and clearly differentiated.
 chemotherapy drives response rates in the teams here,
 and responses that have the promise of being durable
 and increasing that long-term survival
 to the greatest extent possible.
 And you asked about our confidence.
 We remain confident in Roviti and Trinity.
 Grova-T is supported by a very, very strong package of preclinical biology and early clinical
 data.
 And this is a situation where the early clinical data are predictive of trinity, where essentially
 looking at the same endpoints in trinity that we did in the early studies.
 So we feel good about that asset and about the overall stem-centric pipeline.
 Thank you.
 Okay, this is Mike.
 questions.
 With respect.
 back to the risk-incuse amount data.
 If we look at the phase 2B data, for us in Kizanab, it shows the strongest observed
 results in the category, which would include the IL-17s and the IL-23s.
 We had very high Posse 90 response numbers and very high Posse 100, so complete clearance
 of skin disease in that program.
 There were other features about the data that were very striking.
 First, we have very good durability of response, and there's very good administration with
 the ability to drive quarterly administration
 in our phase three program.
 So basically what we're looking for
 is a result in phase three that is consistent
 with those phase two data.
 The other thing I'd point out with respect to other agencies is we run active comparators
 in her Phase 2B.
 No, that's against D'Lara, not against the IL-17s.
 but we saw a very high posse 100 grades there
 And as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, POSSI 100 was about two-and-a-half times
 higher for recent Qizamab as compared to Stelara in that phase two.
 the results of POTSY 90 were similar,
 that there were substantially higher positive binding
 He's got double that of Stelara.
 who would feel good about the competitive profile
 and the ability to drive that through phase three
 and into the market.
 with respect to Crohn's disease, the data that we've
 we've seen are very encouraging.
 We're moving very fast already.
 So I'm not sure if the data at DDW accelerates that,
 but we're poised to move into phase three
 and we feel that there's a lot of potential
 for this pathway in inflammatory bowel diseases as well.
 and this is Mike.
 So with respect to the framework that we're going to be talking about, I'm going to talk
 Rick laid out, we have a number of opportunities to move forward in lines of therapy and one
 One that we would expect to see data on later this year is nanosell lymphoma in aggressive
 form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma where we're anticipating interim data from a pivotal study in front
 line, which would be an important step towards helping to frontline therapy there.
 The mantle cell, we also have combination work ongoing
 and that combination has shown very strong results.
 And so those data would continue to mature over the course of the time frame that you described.
 We're also going to see data in other forms of non-Hodgkin lymphoma over the course of
 in the next 18 or 24 months, including data
 and diffuse large B cell lymphoma,
 where we've seen good results in patients who have the ABC or activated B cell phenotype
 of that disease, and also additional work in follicular lymphoma, which is the largest
 form of indolent non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
 outside of NHL, we're making good progress with GVHD, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks,
 we have the initial submission in,
 that we have ongoing data generation in TVHD.
 So all of those data will mature over the course
 the time frame that she described.
 And then at the back end of that two-year period,
 We'll start to see more data on multiple myeloma and other
 opportunities as well.
 So, with respect to Vellipurin, as we've said on other occasions, we were exploring
 a different hypothesis with the lip-riff.
 We know that PARP inhibitors play a role in treating patients with inherited mutations
 in DNA repair, germline crack mutation, and more mutations.
 But we didn't view as a substantial opportunity for a company like Avid to come third or
 forth to market in that population, you know, essentially, you know, the medical need was
 met for those patients.
 So we were testing a different hypothesis, and that hypothesis specifically was whether
 or tarp inhibition would augment DNA-damaging chemotherapy
 chemotherapy, that the first hit, if you will, didn't have to be genetic, that it could
 come from that DNA damaging chemotherapy.
 We've now seen across a couple of studies
 but that hasn't played out in the way we had initially envisioned.
 We see that in the triple negative breast cancer
 in the adjuvant study, and in the squamous non-small cell lung cancer study.
 and so while that's not the result we had hoped for,
 We knew going in that this was a higher risk, higher reward sort of approach, and that the
 The evidence, while reasonable from a preclinical and early clinical perspective, isn't entirely
 predictive in this setting and so we knew that it was going to take phase three
 to answer the question.
 We've seen the first two readouts.
 and those studies did not meet the primary endpoint.
 with respect to ongoing work.
 We have ongoing studies, some of which we'll read out very soon, so we can't speculate
 about what those results might be,
 but we will complete the ongoing studies
 and update you on the progress as soon as possible.
 Okay, thank you.