 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for starting by.
 I'm Mirko, your course co-operator.
 Welcome.
 And thank you for joining the Hepsiborada conference call and live webcast to present
 to discuss the third quarter 2021 financial results.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded.
 The presentation will be-
 will be followed by a question and answer session.
 So then you only need assistance during the conference call.
 you must turn on an operator by pressing star and zero on your telephone.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Helene Célique Bilec, Investor
 Thank you, Operator.
 You may now proceed.
 Thank you, operators.
 Thank you for joining us today for the third quarter 2021 earnings call.
 I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO Murat Imirda and our CFO Korhan Özt.
 The following discussion, including responses to your questions reflects management views
 as of today's date only.
 do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information except as required
 by law.
 Certain statements made on today's call are forward-looking statements.
 Actual results made it for materials from this forward-looking statement.
 The earnings released...
 has been filed with the STC on a form 6K and it's currently available on the STC's website
 and only are on our investor relations website.
 This refers to today's earnings relief as well as the risk factors described in the safe harbors slide of today's presentation.
 Today, press release.
 the 6K, our prospectus filed with the SCC on July 1st, 2021, and other SCC filing for
 information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materials from
 be forward-looking statements. Also, we will reference certain non-IFS measures during
 today's call.
 Please refer to the appendix of our supplemental slide deck, as well as today's Earnings Release
 representation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure as well as the relevant IFRS
 to non-office reconciliation.
 As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available on the Investor Relations page
 you'll head to Barada's website.
 With that, I will now hand it over to our CEO Murat.
 Thank you Helene and welcome everyone. Before we dive into the quarterly update,
 some of which we shared in our pre-announcement on November 12th.
 Let me start by saying that we, the HEPS brother team, acknowledge the concerns of the market.
 Even the headwinds we previously reported on, we had a challenging Q3, and south behind
 our expectations in GMV and BTA.
 Today, we will share actions that raise those challenges
 in the market.
 Also, we will share with you positive news
 on the progress we have been making.
 With that, before passing over to Korhan for a more detailed look at our financials, let
 Let me provide some context around the third quarter.
 Since our ITO, there have been strong headwinds on multiple fronts in the Turkish market, which
 have presented significant challenges.
 There are three things that particularly stand out.
 Firstly, following the full lifting of COVID-19 restrictions
 on July 1st.
 mobility increase.
 and customer behavior began changing dramatically.
 The change was so drastic that the quarter on quarter market growth slowed to its lowest
 third quarter growth rate in the past four years in Turkey.
 according to Turkey's Statistics Institute tweet and Interbank Car Center's BKM.
 In response to the slowdown, we increased the customer discount to stimulate customer
 demand during that period, in particular in July and August.
 Secondly, the competition is further intensified in Turkey, as evidenced by the fundraising
 announcement of our main competitor following our IPO. And thirdly, there was the impact
 of the overall macroeconomic environment in Turkey.
 In particular, the exchange rate becoming more volatile
 in September could have affected customers' consumption decisions in various ways.
 and like those, these MacroConvict headbands,
 customer D-
 the gun.
 competitive pricing became more essential.
 In response to this headwind, we increased spending on total customer discounts, marketing, and advertising.
 As a result, we continue to generate strong GNV growth despite significant headwinds.
 this came at the cost of lowering our gross contribution margin and flat revenue growth.
 Finally, as you know, we already informed the market with a pre-announcement on the
 last day of the year.
 12 prior to this call. We now want to share with you the context regarding the timing
 of the announcement.
 reasons as always shown as strong and low-density.
 Historically, the second half of the year is higher than the first half in terms of GMD.
 And within the second half, the last four months of the year generally make approximately
 40% of annual GMV due to key shopping occasions such as back to school, legendary November
 shopping month and New Year's season. Taking the seasonality in takeout, the
 We made the pre-announcement after we had full visibility on the business performances
 in the month of September and October.
 Despite these major headwinds in the third quarter,
 We also have positive news regarding the progress we made in multiple fronts, including as follows.
 Extirating our group drivers such as increase in customer, order frequency, merchant and
 and selection.
 Strengthening our key differentiators, such as MPF performance,
 Unix services like Friction of Return,
 ...murder than customer experience.
 scaling our new strategic assets including our wallet companion hapsi pay and our on-demand
 grocery delivery service has to express, and also expanding our logistics footprint.
 Before we move into details on business updates, please let me re-emphasize two things.
 Firstly, with a sharpened focus on key differentiators and drivers of sustainable GMV growth, managing
 customer discounts, marketing spend, and cash flow more efficiently, we will deliver our
 long-term value proposition.
 And secondly, following our IPO,
 The market conditions have changed, but the attractive bill's opportunity did not.
 90% of total retail is still offline.
 and the remaining online 10% is expected to double its penetration between total retail
 by 2025.
 offering a sizable and timely market opportunities ahead.
 These chips are equity-storey intact, and we remain fully committed to it.
 Now, I would like to share a few highlights from our financial and operational performance
 in the third quarter.
 Total number of orders in the third quarter marked an old-time,
 quite highly high at 13.8 million.
 With this strong 72% order growth, it generated a 50% GMV growth in the third quarter compared
 to the same period of last year.
 Considering the strong baseline effect last year,
 Our 2-year Kegel growth rate was 84%.
 while increasing our active customer base,
 We also noted that he has
 to participate and engage our customers in terms of GMV per
 active customers across the platform.
 This grew by 33% yield on year compared to the same period last year.
 On the other hand, the 50% GMB growth came in more costly than the anticipated given
 in the market headwind, I briefly mentioned.
 In this third quarter, the game more customer discounts
 total and spend more advertising to stimulate demand and also cope with the intensified
 competitive environment.
 This is visible in the EBTH as a percentage of GMV reaching a negative 10.2% in the third quarter compared to the same period of last year.
 taking a BTH-ray negative 5.7% of GMV in the nine-month cumulative period in 2021.
 Korhan will address our financial problem in more depth in his section.
 Let's move to the next slide that I would like to discuss our performance in key growth drivers
 Explaiting our drivers of sustainable GMV growth is an important focus area for us.
 This means we aim continuously to attract more customers, drive further order frequency,
 add more merchants and enrich our selection.
 Over the past year, we continue to progress in these drivers.
 are investments in growth, brand, marketplace, and customer experience paid off given the
 a strong momentum in our active customer base.
 order frequency, active merchant base, and selection.
 Let me now share a few data points here.
 Active customer base grew by 26%
 reaching 10.7 million in the third quarter.
 Order frequency grew by 31%, reaching 4.4 in the Q3.
 The active merchant base grew by 87% reaching 67,000 in the third quarter.
 To rise in the number of merchants,
 hesitate a wider selection with improved availability across long-tail products and services.
 As a result, our total number of SKUs more than doubled by reaching 77 million at the
 end of the third quarter.
 These robust trends in our key growth drivers give us confidence for our path ahead.
 Let's move to the slide where I would like to highlight how we continue to develop R and benefit from our key differentiators
 As a household brand name in Turkey with 99% total awareness, we had welcomed 240 million
 sessions on a monthly average in the third quarter.
 In September, based on the study conducted for our company, our NPS performance marked
 the highest in the Turkish e-commerce market at 65%. This course, this course shows our
 superior customer experience but also underlines our robot logistic capabilities as key differentiation
 in customer experience.
 Friction is return service, where we pick up returns from customer stores at the preferred
 schedule across the country is unique to Hep C Broda in this sector.
 In this service, we were awarded with the Golden Award at the International Business
 the words in the best user experience category in October.
 With its coverage of 81 cities and 1,800 carriers,
 HFCJ is highly focused on increasing its delivery speed.
 In the third quarter, Hepsijab delivered 75% of 1P orders on the next day.
 In addition, Hepsijet expanded its city coverage for its two-man cargo handling service, called
 have the jet X large and began offering scheduled return pickup for such oversight product as well.
 offering a high quality and reliable service in that particular segment has
 The Suget X large has made a significant difference in customer experience and achieved over 97%
 this faction score in September, according to our internal reporting.
 While we are encouraged by the strong progress in our growth drivers, we will certainly keep
 on differentiating with our best-in-class customer experience, powered by our robust
 logistics.
 reaching over 190,000 square meters at this point.
 Another important opportunity for us to further differentiate is the merchant experience.
 We regard as merchants as our long-term partners, and such we perceive a constructive approach
 with our valley proposition, which has helped us to significantly grow the number of active
 merchants. I would like to share some data points that will shed light on the level of
 integrated offering.
 In the third quarter, our last mile delivery service,
 have suggested. Delivered around 53% of our total marketplace
 parcels. This corresponds to the largest share in delivered parcels volume on a quarterly
 basis by HEPSYJET. HEPSY Logistics, our fulfillment service, has increased its focus on scaling
 its volume from merchants on our platform.
 It has significant room for growth and is running its operations at our six fulfillment centers.
 Our advertising service has been increasing in popularity.
 Nearly 12,000 merchants use our sponsored ads through our advertising platform, HEPSY
 in the search quarter.
 We believe our strategy collaborations with Facebook and Google on advertising technology
 solution will contribute to the growth of the business.
 Moreover, we continue our merchant training to accelerate every integration onto our platform.
 As such, in the first nine months of 2021, around 39,000 training sessions were completed
 on our training portal, Hep C Academy.
 Now, I would like to update you on our new strategic update.
 in particular, has to pay.
 and it takes breath.
 Let me begin with hefty pay first.
 Since its debut in June 2021, Hepsipay has made strong progress reaching 2.7 million
 have to pay for the space.
 As of the end of October, 2.4 billion Turkish lira GMB passed through Hepsipay wallet.
 With its license to operate as an open wallet helps to pay its buyers to evolve into best-in-class payment companion
 and enabling friction of the experience across payment.
 transverse and other incremental pin-tech capabilities across online and offline roles.
 Accordingly, in November, he has to pay a greet with pay sale, which is a syntax subsidiary
 of Turkey's leading telecom operator, Turksau, to enable direct carrier billing capability
 at Hepsipay wallet.
 By doing so, 2-star customers will be able to shop at Hep-C Brother without a credit or debit card.
 With Hepsipay, we are extremely excited about the future of Portrait of the Heads across
 online and offline.
 Another asset we are excited about is HST Express.
 AspectFresh is our on-demand, grossly-delivery service with instant and slow-to-delivery options.
 We regard HEPSTAC express as a strategic asset as we believe it is very positioned to drive
 3rd order frequency and new custom requisition for the platform.
 At HSExpress, we are focused on enhancing our customer experience, selection and ecosystem
 energy.
 Accordingly, we developed a new cross-service search capability.
 allows customers to discover products and compare prices among different stores in a
 a frictionless wave, which is an essential part of the multi-store model.
 Further?
 HEPSA Express began accepting payments via debit cards, which enlarged its addressable audience.
 In addition to internal development, heaps of expressed expanded to over 50 retrieval
 and roughly 1950 stores including regional retailers as well as national
 the refiters.
 such as carpool and shock.
 And just this month, HEPSA Express made a new partnership deal with MIGROS, a leading
 national retailer.
 We can't wait to see what happens.
 We can't wait to welcome the Nikos shop on our platform moving forward.
 After I finish, let me retrace a few key areas, 90% of total retail is still offline
 And that remaining online 10% is expected to double its penetration within total retail
 Like 2025
 offering as sizable and timely market opportunities.
 I want to wrap up here by reassuring you that with our strong customer and merchant base,
 our hybrid 1P and 3P models, our differentiated services for customers and merchants, our
 robots, logistics network, our continued investment in technology and data science alongside with
 with the talent, and our strategic architect,
 emerging from our ecosystem such as FC Pay, FC Express, FC Jet, and FC Ad.
 We are in one position to capture the biggest opportunity ahead.
 We believe that our equity story is intact and we remain fully committed to it.
 Regarding 2021, in light of current market conditions,
 We are forecasting a full year 2021 GMV to be around 24 billion Turkish euro as previously
 explodes.
 With this,
 I would like to thank you for listening
 and leave the floor to our CFO, Korhan.
 Thank you, Murat, and welcome, everyone.
 As Murat elaborated in his section, our value proposition for our customers has been instrumental
 in driving our growth drivers across the number of active customers with 26% growth,
 order frequency with 21 percent growth, active merchants with 87 percent growth, and number
 of SKUs with more than 100% growth.
 Accordingly, with a 72-percent yearly order growth,
 be generated around 50% GMV growth in the third quarter.
 This performance was achieved against an already strong base of last year.
 On a three-year compounded basis, our growth momentum continues in the third quarter at 84%.
 On the next slide, I would like to discuss how certain factors impacted our financial performance.
 There are few factors that we need to discuss in that to better understand the dynamics
 affecting our revenue and gross contribution margin in the third quarters.
 Let me start by commenting on our commission rates.
 our commission rates that be charged to our merchants
 from the marketplace remained at around the same level
 in the third quarters compared to the same period last year.
 Our average commission rate that we are able to charge to our merchants is in the high
 by single digits.
 Another factor is the 1P-3P mix.
 The 13 percentage point year-on-year GMV shares shift from retail to marketplace in the third
 quarter resulted in global revenue. And yet, this shift was in line with the continued
 expansion of our merchant dates and selections.
 Another key factor is, as already discussed by Murat, the third quarter was impacted
 by major headdress.
 response to this new environment plus the increased total customer discounts significantly
 in particularly July and August.
 Starting from September onwards, we did gradually lower such customer discounts, and in October,
 We continue on generating efficiencies on our total spending with some encouraging results.
 However, Q4 is not the best quarter to realize the full impact on efficiencies due to existence
 of peak occasions such as the legendary November shopping month, as well as the new year season.
 Okay.
 These were the most instrumental factors to our performance of newly fledged revenues
 at around 1.7 billion Turkish lira
 and 4.3% gross contribution margin in the third quarter.
 It is worth mentioning that our gross contribution margin is not a direct reflection of the commission
 rate, but it reflects our Marketplace Commission net of customer discounts.
 On the next slide, I would like to discuss revenue performance further along with gross
 contribution performance.
 Before further discussing gross contribution, I would like to give some color on our red
 breakdown compared to the same course of last year. Revenue generated from
 From retail operations remains flat while marketplace revenues declined 80% mainly due
 due to higher customer discounts as I have touched upon.
 Meanwhile, our delivery service revenue increased by 83%,
 driven by the right in the number of borders and higher delivery service revenue from services
 provided to third parties.
 In the first nine months, total revenues grew by around 15 percent compared to the first
 nine months of 2020.
 Now at the gross contribution level, our gross contribution was 280 million TL in the third quarter.
 This is reflected as a 4.5 percentage point decline in gross contribution margin compared
 to the third quarter of last year.
 In the first nine months, gross contribution grew by around 11% compared to the first nine
 in months of 2020.
 with a 7.1% gross contribution margin.
 Now let's have a look at our operating expenses in the next slide.
 Our net operating expenses as a percentage of GMV reach 14.5% in the third quarter.
 up from 8.6% a year ago.
 around 5.9 percentage points, right?
 was mainly due to 3.9 percentage points rise in advertising expenses as they continue to
 invest in our growth drivers.
 With advertising expenses, unfortunately, became more costly under intensified competitive
 environment in the third quarter. 1.3 percentage points rise in our P&A expenses due to rising
 in the number of full-time and outsourced employees,
 along with the impact of annual salary revs.
 The impact of share-based payment expenses booked in Q3 2021 was 0.8 percentage points
 than the total increase.
 0.7 percentage points rise in shipping and packing expenses driven by the 72% increase
 in number of quarters and around 22 percent drives in unit prices applied by our delivery
 partners.
 Let's move to EBITDA Margin Bridge on the next slide.
 As a function of aforementioned drivers,
 EBITDA in the third quarter was negative five hundred six hundred fifty nine point four
 million tier compared to positive 8.9 million tier in Q3 2020. This corresponds to a negative
 10.2% EBITDA as a percentage of GMD in Q321, and negative 5.7% EBITDA as a percent of
 of GMB for the nine months cumulative as of Q321.
 The increase was driven by 4.5 percentage point
 decreasing gross contribution margin due to customer discounts, 3.9 percentage points
 rise in advertising expenses. 1.2 percentage points rise in payroll and outsourced staff
 expenses and 0.8 percentage point rise in other OPEX item excluding the cost of
 immense result and depreciation and amortization.
 These results indicate that cost of growth was higher primarily driven by the increasing
 customer discounts, advertising spend, and unit cost of marketing.
 Finally, I would like to say a few words on our cash flow dynamics.
 NetCache used in operating activities
 increased from negative 47.8 million tl
 Q3 2020 to negative 582.4 million in Q3 2021, which is mainly driven by the increase in
 net dose or the period.
 The cash flow was negative 639 million TL, mainly driven by the decreasing cash flow
 from creating activities.
 And this way, mainly due to 698.8 million TL increased in our net loss for the period.
 we continue to operate with negative networking capital, which reached 2.1 billion TL as of Q321,
 Increasingly by 23.4 million Tias in Q2, Q2, 2021.
 CapEx was 57 million TL in the third quarter of 2021.
 Our investments were mainly for the product development across the web site and mobile
 platforms given our growing operations and pure purchase of property and equipment.
 Before I end my presentation, I would like to highlight that we feel comfortable with
 with the liquidity we currently have.
 And therefore, we have no plans to go to the capital markets to raise any funds in the
 next 18 months.
 With this, I end our presentation.
 Thanks for listening.
 Operator, please open the floor for questions.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star followed by one on the telephone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from a question kit, then you may press star and tilt.
 Please use your hands when asking your question for better quality.
 Anyone who has a question may press star and one at this time.
 One moment for the first question please.
 The first question comes from a line of Tyrone Cesar with Bank of America.
 go ahead. Yes, hi. Good morning. Oh, good afternoon. Everyone needs to use our
 from Bank of America.
 Thanks so much for the presentation, the call,
 and the opportunity to ask questions.
 I have four questions if that's okay.
 The first one would really be on the competition and probably if you can explain a little bit
 more how does it impact the business being specific both about online and offline players
 And given that trend, your capital raise was known since 2Q21, did you maybe react a little
 bit with the lack of this incremental competition and that's why we're seeing this incremental
 will span in Q3.
 That was the first question.
 second question
 What was your 3P take rate in 3Q and how much was it done sequentially?
 Third question, you seem to have stimulated GMV growth to a much larger than expected
 advertising spend in the quarter.
 What do you think happens when you reduce advertising spend or are you planning on keeping
 advertising to GMV at a high single digit mark going forward.
 And then on the fourth question, it relates to your comments on liquidity and no need
 to raise capital in the next 18 months, is that only valid for the next 18 months?
 So should I consider that the cash burn of the company could be similar to Q3 going forward
 for the next couple of quarters.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you so much for the questions.
 We appreciate the opportunity to address those as well.
 In terms of the competition and actually how we react to it, I guess it is fair to
 as you say, when actually Alibaba raised the fund-raising after our IPO, that was an intent
 quite a competitive landscape in the market, and also with the way it got, there is also
 The market had been, because of these markets,
 slowed down in the growth rate.
 and other macro dynamic as well.
 We only combined, we needed to stimulate the customer demand to address the challenges,
 which means actually the heavily used customer discounts.
 We also increase the amount of advertising to ensure we also get a fair share of voice
 and more access to our customers. And also, finally, the unit cost of marketing also got
 impacted because of this intense white-compensate landscape.
 It also actually increased the total mix in terms of cost structure.
 So, in other words, we heavily use customer discounts to stimulate the demand in the market.
 Increase the amount of marketing and the tithing we use but also the unit cost of marketing and the tithing also went up
 This is the combination of the, actually, that structure you referred in terms of the
 competitive landscape and how we reacted to it and why it was increasing the cost of
 marketing now maybe let's shift to the second question I guess what I can take
 Yes, thank you Cesar for your question.
 Our take rates are the commissions
 that we are able to charge to our merchants.
 So between Q2 and Q3, there is no significant change
 in our commissions that be charged to our merchants,
 But if your question refers to gross contribution margin,
 It is done by 4.3 percent, and as I explained, this is mainly driven by the discounts that
 are given to our customers during the intensive competition period.
 For the high advertising spent, I can say during September, as we mentioned before, we reduced
 CRM spending that are given to our customers and we continue this reduction during October
 and these are some encouraging results during October.
 However, Q4 is not the right period to make this assessment because it's the heavily discount
 period.
 So we will be continuing this reduction starting from next year onwards and we believe we will
 see...
 some encouraging results going forward.
 on the liquidity for the next 18 months.
 Yes, in our initial plans, we see that our liquidity is sufficient enough, and we don't
 need any liquidity for the next 18 months and we have a plan for the next
 24 months, and by the end of this year, we might need to revise those plans because of
 the market-economic environment in Turkey.
 However, it is not so easy to make us plan
 about 24 months for the time being.
 but for the next 24 months, people comfortable in terms of the dequitted.
 And I guess, either we hit to us, I guess, just to make sure we are not missing out any questions and answers.
 So you also refer to what will happen, right?
 use Decrease and Retire if I'm not wrong.
 and it turns off like the...
 Yeah, more on the stickiness of consumers, et cetera.
 Exactly.
 So I guess this is a very fair question also, like Koran said, yeah, already you can testing
 some efficient tools and tactics with the increasing muscle of our data science and marketing
 But also, let me remind you, in our key differentiators and strongholds, we are not just relying
 on marketing as you know. All the four components of our growth drivers are growing, you saw
 the numbers, customer, frequency, merchant and selection. It is a very healthy dynamic
 in terms of the growth, and this has been happening.
 So, basically, when I refer to our other areas that are supporting our growth, I want to
 side effect like we are a household brand name 99% total awareness we only we
 We are the only one with this strong hybrid model, 1P and 3P.
 We actually operate this so I don't want to replicate but the customer and merchants the financial experiences
 And we can discuss in more depth another question as you know like the frictions return is unique to us and many more services for
 customers and many more unique services for merchants, like we offer in a package.
 And then we are, as you saw, leading in terms of MPF, which is a great, actually, asset
 for...
 All right, there will be differences in the experience.
 And, of course, our nationwide robust logistics
 coupled with our assets like paid, grossly on demand,
 Head to the Express.
 FDJ and advertising and so on.
 with you.
 We have many actually levers to drive the growth across the platform but not just marketing
 And also, we definitely going to introduce more efficiency
 as we go forward.
 Thank you so much, very helpful.
 Thanks so much.
 The next question comes from a line of Addis Amiriam with Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon everyone and thanks for taking my questions.
 and it's very impetuous for Morgan Stanley.
 Firstly, just another question on competition.
 I think you mentioned that you've lowered the discounting in September and October.
 Is that because that the market is becoming slightly less competitive?
 or is it more you're just focusing more on profitability and getting better efficiency
 If you could just comment on what you're seeing in the last couple of weeks, that would be great.
 And then also on competition as well, are you seeing that it's mainly just competition
 around marketing spend and then also discounting, but are there any other gaps that you're seeing
 that's emerged in terms of your proposition versus peers aside from just the discounting
 and high marketing spend and then finally if you could just comment on the customer
 behavior that you're seeing at the moment in terms of auto-frequency and particularly
 the cohorts that you've acquired over COVID, how are those cohorts comparing to your prior cohorts?
 Thank you.
 Thank you so much. Maybe I can start from the last question first, which is
 to the customer behavior in terms of the frequency, I guess, if I'm not mistaken.
 So basically in terms of the drivers of our customer dynamics, you can see both the customer
 numbers, active customer numbers, and the order frequency increased and didn't continue
 in a healthy way. And also if you can see the GM V per customer also rising. That is
 This is actually the way we see in terms of the overall dynamics here because the GME per
 customer also increased by 33% as you saw in the numbers year over year.
 And also going back to the customer behavior in this dynamic right now, actually right
 Right now, can you please scroll along?
 I want to see the questions first.
 Yes, because you start asking about the queer,
 because I want to make sure I get all the questions yet.
 The other question you actually asked was lowering discount,
 And actually, are we getting better efficiency?
 that's why I also want to address this. In terms of the customer behavior, in July and
 Actually, we saw a very drastic slowdown, which we already mentioned back in the other
 early scope and as you can see from the public data from the intravain card
 center and 3 Turkish statistics institute, that was a drastic drop in this Q3D0, Q1Q.
 So, I'll be right back.
 Thanks for watching!
 And moving on with the seasonality, we expect that the customer behavior will get better
 normalized. However, given the macroeconomic headwind, also you want to be cautious about
 In the first period so far at this up to this point we can see we've been actually also
 are unblocking a lot of efficiencies in our marketing practice, growth practice, and
 and so on, across the board, which is actually very encouraging.
 However, we want to be also remain very cautious and realistic given this major macroeconomy.
 headwinds, we need to closely monitor the customer behavior moving forward and as Koran said Q4 is kind of a very extraordinary
 quarter with multiple shopping occasions and long period of campaign but also
 coupled with these macroeconomic headwinds. It's going to be a very interesting time for us to see.
 so far we are monitoring very closely. And the second part here about actually are you seeing
 any other area where you see any gap between us and competition.
 I guess the good news is we are seeing that we are actually leading the NPS course and
 And we are making significant differences in many areas like, for instance, our experiences
 like...
 helps the jet that the next day delivery our frictions return as you know it's
 We can pick up your return at your door at your previous schedule at no additional fee across the country
 Normally, no one else can do it, perhaps there is yet an X-large.
 Guardi began actually now offering the two men handling cargo service and as you saw we are seeing like very strong numbers like
 97 plus percent customer satisfaction scores.
 In other words, actually, we are making significant progress in areas where we are differentiating
 from customer. These are the areas we see the gap between us and others because we are
 in our favor and also in terms of like the hefty pay you saw the numbers we are making
 a strong progress along with the other assets like add and so on so our goal
 actually is to make sure we remain differentiated and get more efficient
 and smart moving forward.
 As you can see, we are already taking the actions
 to make sure we run and manage our marketing span.
 customer discount and cash flow more efficiently.
 So all this combined, we believe we are going to actually increase the gap in our favor
 when you look at all these parameters are described.
 Great, thank you.
 And so just to clarify on the competition point, so is it that you're not seeing competition
 let up in the last couple of weeks or you are.
 Ah, you're competing to lower the discounts.
 Oh, thank you very much.
 Actually, the competition is still intense.
 I mean, we should be definitely, I guess, clear about this.
 The entire file competitive landscape remains, as we speak, in Q4 as well.
 And as you can imagine, this is the quarter
 where the seasonality is high.
 described like how actually major she rolled this quadruple in the total year.
 Therefore, from offline and online, it is, I guess, fair to expect increased competition
 in this quarter, but despite that,
 we are both delivering and trying to get more efficient and also try to
 differentiated by key differentiators. So basically we are trying to not just differentiate also
 to get more efficient and increase the gap between us and competition in our favor.
 All these things happening at the same time, and the competition remains in times of crisis.
 Great.
 Good.
 Thank you
 But the next question comes from a line of UNALTEM with Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi.
 Thank you very much for the presentation. So I have a couple of questions.
 The first one is related to the fourth carter and how is the operating environment in fourth
 given that the guidance indicates on 18 percent year on your growth in the port
 quarter. And also what is your initial thoughts on the growth and growth of student T as well as
 competitive environment into 2022 and shall we expect market to be more close to first
 quarter into a more close to third quarter in the next year or you will reduce CRM expanded
 largely in the coming year.
 And then my second question is also related to the first one.
 Do you see any slowdown due to volatile church environment and how it's been affecting the
 merchants and their pricing capability on the product they sell.
 obviously volatile Turkish lira can affect this negatively which might result in a slowdown due
 to lack of availability.
 And finally, my third question is related to the market share
 Thank you for watching.
 So, even if from the, as e-commerce data system in Turkey at this enough year on your growth
 numbers in the first half of 2021 for the e-commerce market in Turkey on a year-on-year
 basis where the market grew by 75% year on year in first off, while he has to grow the
 GME was at 60% here on here in the same period.
 We know that this is not an addressable market for heads to broad as it includes many other
 parts like sports betting, lottery, gaming, cross boarders, but do you have any insight
 in your market share either year to date or in the first half at least or what was the
 growth of the addressable market in the first half of 2021 on a year-on-year basis at this.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Jim, actually. Let me start, maybe, from the last question and go other way around.
 In terms of market share, actually, we share your concerns in terms of lack of resources
 that we...
 everyone can actually leverage and use because, as you know,
 We are the only public company in Turkey's market.
 The comment has disclosed publicly there.
 And it's also hard to get real time access to market composition and competitive landscaping
 So we are kind of also expressing the same challenge you described.
 described.
 where we try to refer to public sources
 to kind of get some and extract some inside.
 Maybe what we can share with you is to refer
 into the latest trend is, again, the BKM,
 like the interbank card center's public data, which
 which you can also access.
 what we actually also shared in the deck.
 When you look at at least the similar addressable sectors reported by BKM in terms of online
 card transaction volume and if you look at those numbers from Q3 over Q2 perspective it
 looks like the most relevant sectors in BKM.
 You do only 7% Q on Q.
 And if you look at RGMV, again, this is not the exact apple staple, but trying to just find an insight, as you said.
 If you look at RG and VQ on Q, you see almost kind of a 10% plus 10% they say growth, which
 which means in this case, looking at 7% versus our 10%,
 It might give us some signals regarding the Q3 trend.
 However, again, I'm emphasizing this.
 It is not a direct market share measurement, but it's a way of actually trying to understand
 the pulse in the market.
 In terms of the other question, how the slowdown or the volatility and the slowdown is correlated,
 This is actually a very tough question because it's hard to actually understand the dynamic
 in the Turkish market because it could be affecting the customer behaving in two different ways.
 One could be that people actually see this time and stop shopping season as an opportunity
 an affordability solution and opportunity for them.
 and they can also see e-commerce is a transfer platform
 or price comparison, selection and convenience,
 And so they can actually increase their online behavior.
 This could be option one.
 Option two could be, we're seeing this volatility,
 they can also reduce their overall consumption.
 So again, these are the two extremes of the wave potential trend, and we are closely monitoring what is going to be the case for Q-Port.
 It is too early, and I'm also not going to your first question, Tadrin.
 It is too early to mention but if you will get our current trading as of this month at least we can
 Maybe share some high-level insight with you guys to make sure you understand so basically yes
 is a shopping height in this season but there's also a lot of headwind as we
 discussed and in the market.
 When we see at least so far in the current dynamic,
 we can say what we tried to achieve in November
 in terms of our education,
 seem to resonate, resonate fairly well with our customers.
 what we are doing which is also publicly visible.
 be very focused on affordability solutions.
 As you know, we did some sort of buy-now-pay-later solution with leaving bags in Turkey, so people
 can purchase now and pay in January and also we emphasize our customer experience and convenience
 with unique services like friction return and also besides others like visit card and also we
 We all try to differentiate in our approach to social commerce.
 We introduced this wider shopping list, where actually regular people also can become authentic
 So this kind of dynamic seems to resonate well based on the early high-level observations
 we have.
 1111 actually I guess we recorded like the all-time high daily orders
 maybe over half a million orders to share for you guys.
 This is the trend we see in terms of the first part of November, but we yet to see the big
 time in the month, which is the legendary Friday part of the month. So it's going to be interesting
 time for us together to close the monitor, but we are seeing our execution and it seems
 You need to resonate with our customers.
 answers to your first question.
 Now going to the GMVM profitability in 2022,
 I refer to the courthouse.
 Thank you, Murat.
 As I mentioned, we have a plan for 2020.
 However, this is the most intense period for us.
 and November, December is the main shopping season.
 So we would like to see the closure of November and December
 to understand if we need to make small adjustments in our plan,
 and we will come back to you with our guidance.
 are two for announcements so you can expect a guidance in the in the next
 year's first quarter or end of first quarter.
 About, I would like to add one thing on the profitability.
 Yes, we are taking.
 and precautions to improve our gross contribution margin.
 We have done a certain test during October, but November and December is not the time,
 that we believe going forward starting from Q1 onwards,
 we will be able to improve our cross-contribution margin, which will help for our profitability,
 I mean for the guidance for the whole 2020 and we will come back to you this
 each true forward announcements.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you very much, and I'm glad I'm back.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Kilkiran Hansadeh with J.P. Morgan.
 Go ahead.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 I have some follow-up questions and also need questions.
 The first one is about your take rates.
 You presented a chart that shows table take place on the latest average perspective.
 So, can you please also help us to understand the change in GMV from category because I'm
 trying to understand whether you are also cutting the take rate per category or this
 stable mainly because of a shift in the GMV. The second one is about your inventory levels.
 you have a very low vampire retail margin in the third quarter, but there is not a substantial
 so to share a depreciation. Do you have any inventory that you may benefit on the margin
 side in the fourth quarter. And the third question is about the capex cycle. We don't see much
 increase in the COPEX so far, so how should we think about it, particularly in 2022? And final is
 about your actions to improve the growth contribution and I mean can you please let us know about this
 I mean, I mean, plan to action for what are you planning to how are you planning to improve
 to cross contribution next year.
 and maybe the final question is I really wonder the impact of the grocery on the order frequency
 because we observed some sort of improvement in the order of frequency, but is this driven
 larger by the increasing grocery spending or you are also seeing the I mean
 customer buying more on other categories as well.
 Thank you all for the questions. Let me start with the first one about the take rate.
 Yes, compared to last year's same period,
 Our take rates means our commission rates
 that we are charging to our merchants does not change significantly, there has been an
 investment periods during Q1, Q2, but those are improved and we are back to our original
 commission level.
 On the shift in the GMB, I can say our share of marketplace is 70% and 1P is 30% in terms
 of electronic sales. Last year it was 65% electronics and 35% non-electronics. And this
 This year Q3 is 62% electronics and 38% in non-electronics.
 However, there has been some shift from 1p to 3p between last year and this year, around
 13 percentage points which effected our
 are results for the shifting in those categories.
 On the inventory that works, at the starting point, I can say yes, we have enough inventories
 to benefit from the price increases. We started onboarding many inventories from September
 almost. That is one of the reasons that our negative networking capital could have been
 higher but only improved around 30-40 million TL for the Q3 closing. That is the reason
 that they purchased many mantries for the redness for Q4.
 However, at the same time be somehow paid with shorter payment terms or even be made some
 advance payments to secure those products to make them available for Q4, but now we will
 would be enjoying available of those products.
 In terms of capex, yes, it hasn't increased significantly in 21 because we have seen some
 operational efficiencies, and we spent less on the property plants and equipment, however,
 going forward, especially for the next year.
 We are making a plan between 350 to 400 million Turkish spending on the Catech site with this
 change increases. We need to make a detailed plan for those purchases. However, the initial
 plan is something around 350 to 400 million Turkish lira.
 on the actions about the gross contribution margin
 improvement.
 Yes, we are not happy with the gross contribution margin
 And we believe the definitely need to increase the margin.
 We have to, I mean, during Q3, we have to increase the customer discounts due to market
 dynamics as the...
 explained. There was an intense fight competition in the market, and the market growth was slow
 So we had to make those customer discounts.
 We realize that those are not sustainable, and we made the decision to shorten our focus
 on our gross contribution margin, key differentiators, and drivers of sustainable GMB growth, while
 optimizing our customer discounts, marketing spend, and cash flow more efficiently, we
 We believe we will be able to improve our margins going forward.
 Murat, would you like to take over this frequency?
 Yes, before I go directly on that, I want to address and actually add on to current answers
 for two questions specifically, and I answered your last question.
 To run actually with the inventory level, I want to add on the fact that we actually were very aware of the global supply chain challenges as well.
 That's why we wanted this time to be prepared.
 And as you know, we had a muscle from last year during the COVID, where we also stuck
 we were able to plan and manage elementary, as you know, in one piece.
 So basically using R1P as a strong muscle during this period of time, despite the global
 supply chain challenges and also leveraging and benefiting from our long lasting strong
 supply you the ships and we were able to actually get well prepared these seasons with our inventory
 and one piece.
 So this was just to make sure I ate that color as well.
 The other question I want to add on, actually, is the gross contribution margin piece.
 Corel successfully addressed the cost part and efficiency part of it.
 I also want to add the other side of the story.
 One actually is, as you know, as you move forward with 3P, it's getting stronger.
 This is exactly what you observe, right?
 over here we have a stronger one at 3p now which actually also kind of distorts the comparison
 but actually moving forward with this 3P strength will remain as is, right?
 It's going to be always a strong part of our platform.
 And as it happens, we are also expecting to continue to see more long-term products, adding
 and more long-term merchants coming to our platform.
 which will inherently, by nature, also helps with the overall mix and margin of the platform.
 Other two aspects I want to emphasize is how our value proposition with customers and merchants
 will also help us improve our profitability moving forward, just for the sake of time
 briefly mentioned this. As you remember our HBJet now actually
 Cross 50% right now 53% of marketplace parcels are delivered in my head to just in Q3
 is gradually going, as you know.
 This means, actually, now with our last-minute service,
 we are making a difference for our merchants.
 it helps with logistics, which is actually
 Real positions to scale moving forward are for fuel service, as you remember.
 We're also going to have our nurses save time and money and also increase the cost of
 And also I will try to briefly mention some numbers with the recent announcement I am
 I'm sure you saw it with Google and Facebook.
 We are making like innovative ad tech tools,
 I think I'm urgent.
 also with training and potentially with also other merchant financing tools like to stop
 like that, we are trying to make sure we become the most preferred platform for our emergency.
 So these are eight.
 And also the second part of the story,
 which is our customers,
 We also try to be their ultimate choice, right?
 why we are also seeing a lot of actually rooms for that improvement as well with our strong brand
 with our unique services, which we discussed,
 frictions return next day delivery and like the x large delivery and service and so on with our ecosystem play
 Which I'm going to also tap on to shorty all this coming together. You also be believe that our
 are margin and profitability will improve over time.
 So these are actually going to be a function of multiple improvements.
 Now I'm going to address your Hep C Express question.
 HEPTA express for us is very strategic because to your question, it improves and helps us
 improved both frequency and also customer growth because we now realize
 helps to express the great tool to bring on new customers with a different profile and
 and also triggers frequency because of the nature of the product and as you
 You know it also offers instant and slaughtered, and now we have MIGROS as I mentioned briefly
 in the previous section of the call.
 Now we have all many of the national players like Carrefour, Schoak, Nigos now and we have a lot of regional players.
 we have almost more than 50 brands so the selection is getting larger and we aim to
 to offer the widest selection with our service.
 and with multiple options that instant and slow to
 Also, finally, we are improving our own experience, like with technological and experience-wise
 development on our app.
 All this together. I also want to give you maybe one kind of indication how we are seeing this business. We are very
 overly focused on the customer experience, the selection and the sustainability of the
 model.
 you will see it moving forward onwards, because this is still the early phase this year to
 to invest in that business, but we will see more focusing on sustainability of the model
 as well.
 And I'll see you in the next video.
 are very internally focused on actually perfect order success ratio.
 So this is actually a number where the metric will carefully watch and monitor, which means
 for us. It is the order where there is no delay, no return, and no actually cancellation because of
 We take it very seriously because we know it's the end of this output customer experience.
 and right now we are seeing just even idea around like 60 percent perfect for the ratio which is
 very strong. So we are going to hopefully focus on this moving forward a bit more and
 We gradually increase this strong number over this strong number ahead.
 Maybe this was the answer to your question, please let me know if there are more.
 Yeah, thank you very much
 regarding the MIGOLs onboarding, is it exclusive to Hefso Brothel or are they also presenting
 themselves in other platforms.
 So, honestly, the nature of the partnership doesn't actually force any exclusivity on
 other...
 either side because as you know our value proposition is that she is slightly unique.
 We believe we're going to grow with our retail partners together.
 And this is our model.
 It's much more inclusive than other models, you know.
 We are not running duct stores, we work with our retailers,
 And we kind of see this as an incremental growth opportunity with our partners,
 retail partners.
 therefore with migros in this example because yes it is nothing like there is no
 is really involved but we believe because of our kind of experience we go
 up on our platform and because we are hopefully going to deliver as strong
 mutual incremental growth for both sides is going to be a kind of a
 sustainable long-term partnership is both sides, because this is also an area we are
 We also work with our partners, not just them, but others as well.
 We also work with our partners how we can improve and enhance our experience and sustain
 group of the module together.
 This is much I can share at this point, and I will stop here.
 Okay, thanks very much.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you'd like to register for a question,
 Please press star and one on your telephone.
 Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions of this time.
 I will now turn the conference over to CEO Mr. Murat El-Midad for any closing comments.
 Thank you.
 Thank you so much for everyone before we end the call
 I want to reiterate that we acknowledge your concerns and take them very seriously and
 and remain confident in our market opportunity and long-term value proposition because we know the
 opportunity and the fundamentals of the business remain strong and actually following our IPO
 while competition and near-term market conditions have become more challenging,
 two things have not changed.
 The significant long-term market opportunity in this position of the Turkish market and
 the other one actually is our firm belief in our business model.
 So we are committed to deliver on our drivers
 of sustainable growth key differentiators.
 strategic assets that discuss and value his services for customers and merchants with
 We need a disciplined, cash management,
 long-term value for our company and shareholders. We look forward to speaking with you again in the
 in the next quarter's call.
 Thank you all.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the conference is now concluded.
 disconnect your telephone. Thank you for calling. Have a pleasant evening.