 Good morning and good afternoon. Thank you for joining Elda Electronics Earnings Release conference call for the third quarter of 2021. This conference call will start with a presentation on the earnings results followed by a Q&A session, at which time, if you wish to ask a question, you will need to press star N1 on your telephone. I would now like to hand the conference over to the first speaker. Good afternoon. My name is Sangbo Shim from Investor Relations. Thank you for joining Elda Electronics Earnings Release conference call for the third quarter of 2021. With me are representatives of Business Management Division of Each Business, Mr. Lee Gwon Kim from Home Appliance and Air Solution, Mr. Junghee Lee from Home Entertainment, Mr. Joo Young Kim from Vehicle Component Solutions, Mr. Chung Hyun Park from Business Solutions. We are also joined by Mr. Sangwoo Park from Corporate Business Management Division, Mr. Junghee Lee from Finance Division, and Mr. Hongsoo Lee from Accounting Division. Please note that all statements we will be making today regarding our financial results of the third quarter are subject to change in accordance with the results of the external review. I would also like to remind you that uncertainties in the market and changes in strategies may cause our results to be different from the outlooks and forward-looking statements made today. Today, I will outline the overall performance results of the third quarter of 2021 and the outlook for the fourth quarter. After that, each division will take turns to deliver its business results and outlook. Now, let me start with the consolidated financial results of the third quarter of 2021 and the outlook for the fourth quarter. Consolidated sales of the third quarter was 18.8 trillion won and operating profit was 540.7 billion won. Sales grew 22% year-on-year, driven by increased sales of premium and new appliances in H&A and strong sales of OLED TVs in HE. Though operating profit was affected by the provision for GM vault recalls, we achieved sound performance in profitability by offsetting the impact from rising costs through steady growth in overseas markets and higher sales proportion of premium products. I will now briefly review the third quarter performance of each business. H&A recorded 7.1 trillion won in sales, 505.4 billion won in operating profit and 7.2% in profitability. HE recorded 4.2 trillion won in sales, 208.3 billion won in operating profit and 5% in profitability. BS recorded 1.7 trillion won in sales and 537.6 billion won in operating loss. BS recorded 1.7 trillion won in sales and 12.3 billion won in operating loss. Each business will later share its respective business results and outlook in detail. Let's move on to the profit and loss and cash flow of the third quarter. In terms of profit and loss, reflecting financial income and expense, equity massive gain and loss, other non-operating income and expense, corporate income tax, and income and loss from discontinued operations, we posted 516.5 billion won in net income. Next, on cash flow. Cash flow from operating activities of the third quarter was 568.1 billion won, and cash flow from investment activities was negative 907.3 billion won. As a result, net cash flow amounted to negative 185.5 billion won, and when reflecting cash flow from financial activities of 630.3 billion won, net change in cash increased by 444.8 billion won from the previous quarter. After reflecting changes in cash classified as helper sales of negative 11.3 billion won, cash balance at the end of the third quarter came to stand at 6.6 trillion won. Next is the key financial position and indicators for the third quarter of 2021. As of the end of the third quarter, our assets did at 54.6 trillion won, liability at 34.3 trillion won, and equity at 20.3 trillion won. All leverage ratios, liability to equity, debt to equity, and net debt to equity decreased quarter on quarter and year on year, continuing to maintain a healthy financial condition. Next is the outlook for the fourth quarter. In terms of the macro environment, recovery in the real economy is expected on the back of COVID-19 vaccinations and the plan to coexist with the coronavirus, but there are also uncertainties stemming from raw material and component price hikes, monetary policy normalization, and the threat of global inflation. Amidst this environment, we will focus on expanding sales of premium products through differentiated marketing activities and respond preemptively to market volatilities by continuously improving cost structures and proactively managing risk. We expect our fourth quarter revenue to grow quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year with increased sales of premium appliances and TVs and recovery in the B2B business. In terms of profitability, there are risks regarding raw material and logistics costs, but we will secure stable profitability through better product mix and efficient spending. Now let's move on to the third quarter results and outlook by business. First is H&A. Let me share the third quarter results of H&A. Sales stood at $7.1 trillion with a 15% increase year-on-year driven by growth in overseas markets such as North America, Europe, and Latin America. Despite the upside of revenue growth and marketing cost savings, operating profit decreased year-on-year due to increased raw material prices and logistics and labor cost hikes. Next is the outlook for the fourth quarter. The growth in global demand is projected to slow down, but the situation is expected to unfold differently for each region and segment. The burden from raw material price hikes and increased logistics costs are expected to persist. Amidst this environment, we will actively enhance sales efforts armed with our strong product competitiveness to maintain double-digit growth in revenue, and also increase selling price and optimized costs to maintain stable profitability. I will share the third quarter results of H&A. Sales grew year-on-year thanks to robust product sales of OLED TVs on the back of rising demand for premium products. We maintained sound profitability by offsetting the high LCD TV panel price burden with effects from increased OLED TV sales and efficient resource management. Now let me share the outlook for the fourth quarter. In the market, global TV demand is projected to decrease slightly year-on-year as people spend less time at home with the progress in COVID-19 vaccination. We expect marketing spending to increase to respond to the intensive buying competition in the TV market, but we will maintain revenue growth and secure solid profitability by improving product mix with a focus on premium products. Let me share the third quarter results of ES. Despite the decrease of vehicle production in the market due to the supply shortage of automotive semiconductors, sales grew year-on-year thanks to increased volumes from new projects and revenue growth of electric vehicle components. Profitability showed a temporary decrease as the provision for GM bulk recalls was reflected. For the fourth quarter outlook, with the spread of the COVID-19 Delta variant, the supply shortage of auto semiconductors is expected to persist, leading to a consequent shutdowns of major OEM plants. This in turn may lead to a decrease in demand for vehicle components. We expect the continued supply issue of automotive semiconductors and subsequent risk of disruption in auto production to have an impact on profitability, lowering the probability of achieving a turnaround in the fourth quarter. I will share the third quarter results of ES. Sales grew 14% year-on-year on the back of expanded sales of information display products with the recovery in the B2B market and sound revenue growth in IT business. Operating profit declined year-on-year due to rising prices of major components such as LCD panels and wafers and the impact from increased global logistics costs. Now the outlook for the fourth quarter. There are both opportunities and risks in the market. Demand for IT products including gaming monitors is expected to remain strong in line with non-phase-to-phase trends, and the B2B market is projected to show a gradual recovery in demand, but there may be impact from the semiconductor shortage and increased prices of major components like LCD panels. Amidst this environment, we expect sales to grow quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year with the seasonality effect in IT business and the recovering demand in the B2B market. The improvements in profitability are projected to be limited due to the continuing cost increase and intensifying competition. We seek to secure momentum in enhancing profitability by improving product mix and strengthening cost competitiveness. That brings us to the end of the third quarter earnings release and the outlook for the fourth quarter. We will now take questions. Operator, please commence with the Q&A session. Q&A session will begin. Q&A session will begin. Please press star and 1 if you have any questions. If you have any questions, questions will be taken according to the order you have pressed, star and number 1. For cancellation, please press star and 2 on your phone. The first question will be presented by KB Securities from KB Securities. Please go ahead with your question. Yes, thank you for your question. Thank you for your question. H&A의 두 가지 질문을 드리겠습니다. 먼저, 최근 물류비 상승에 따른 수익성 역량 우려가 있습니다. 물류 차질과 비용 증가에 대해 회사 측에서 생각하고 계시는 부분과 향후 대응 방향에 대해 말씀 부탁드립니다. 다음은 신가전 매출 비중 추이와 신가전의 지역별 성장 전망에 대해 의견 부탁드립니다. 이상입니다. I'd like to pose two questions on H&A. First, with a spike in logistics costs, I'm wondering about the impact on the preferability level of H&A companies. And also, I'm wondering what will be your corporate strategy in response to the logistic disruption that is appearing recently. My second question is related to H&A as well. I'd like to understand the proportion of new appliance sales and its trend. And can you forecast the new appliance business down the road by region? 먼저, 물류비 증가 관련해서 당사 대응 전략에 대해서 말씀드리겠습니다. 아신바와 취직은 해상 및 항공 운행이 연일 사상 최고치를 경신하고 있고요. H&A 본부 사업에 있어서도 수익 성악화에 큰 요인으로 지금 작용하고 있는 상황입니다. Another question on H&A, it was about our corporate response and strategy with respect to logistics disruption. As you know, the air and sea transportation costs are hitting a record high every day, and that is hampering the profitability of H&A companies. 여기서 최근 여러 기관에서 전망하고 있듯이, 이러한 현상이 내년 상반기나 또는 하반기, 길게는 한 1년이나 2년 정도 소요될 것이라는 관측이 있습니다. According to many research firms, it is forecast that the phenomenon will persist until the first half and even up until the second half of next year, and some predict that it will take another 1 to 2 years more. If we look at its impact on our top-line revenue, it is decreasing our top-line revenue by 2% on a year-on-year basis. And in light with this, we are trying to deploy more extra ships in collaboration with global shipping companies so that we can minimize its impact on our supply side. Also, we are trying to curve the spike of logistics costs by optimizing our global supply chain. In 2022 as well, based on a solid supply chain and logistics network, we are going to make timely decisions and take them into action. With speed so that we can minimize the risk on our supply side. A. konten. B. B. A. konten. B. B. B. B. B. B. D. We are working on the negotiation to create a win-win operation for both of us, and also by leveraging the SDN capability and logistics competitiveness that we have built thus far, we are going to put the first priority in meeting our delivery commitment with our customers. We will strive to continue to become the leader in the market. So let me take your question on the proportion of new appliance sales. I would say that the sales of new appliance has been recording a two-digit level growth every year. So we are seeing the rise of the proportion from 14% in 2018 to around 17% to 18% in 2021. So I will say that the proportion of new appliance sales is increasing within a two-digit level of sales. So we are seeing the rise of the proportion from 14% in 2018 to around 17% to 18% in 2021. So I will say that the proportion of new appliance sales is increasing within H&A company. I will say that the cost of new appliance sales has been a most important thing to improve Amid the COVID-19 pandemic combined with the trend of state domestic activities, nowadays consumers have easier access to product information, and the hygienic and healthcare functions of our home appliances have become a critical component or part of their decision making. If we look at the pattern of this sales by region, we see that this pattern is more pronounced in the advanced markets, North America and Europe, and as the steam is deeply associated with hygiene and health care, we believe that we were able to record a high growth with our steam function home appliances such as styler dryer and dishwasher. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. In the emerging markets on the other hand, we see the demands for those products to continue to go up. In the emerging markets, on the other hand, we see the demand for those products to continue to go up. We are trying to make those products featuring hygienic and healthcare functions as an essential product for consumers by offering those products at a more affordable price range to increase up our sales furthermore. So for the consumer's awareness, we are trying to leverage the successful cases in the Korean market. For this end, we are continuing our investment in the brand, and we will try to enhance the brand petitioning in the market through these efforts. Next question, please. Next question, please. The next question will be presented by John Huk Lee from Samsung Securities. Please go ahead with your question. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Thank you very much. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two questions. My first question is about the power crisis in China. Did power shortage in China cause any damage in divisions of LGE? And if any, how much is the damage? My second question is for HE. Samsung Electronics officially adopted QD OLED TVs as the next year's TV lineup. What's your position about this move? And what impact do you think it will have on LGE's W OLED TV business? And what will be the competition landscape going forward? Yes. First of all, I would like to answer the question. Answering your question on power shortage in China and its impact on production subsidiaries in China, we received the request to reduce data in power usage in some locations, including HE division's production subsidiary in Guangdong province from mid-september. We received the request to reduce data in power usage in some locations, including HE division's production subsidiary in Guangdong province from mid-september. We are responding by converting daytime production to the nighttime without significant disruptions. Moreover, in preparation of any worse situation, we added self-generation facilities and are controlling use of power for non-production purpose based on our emergency response plan. In addition, in close consultation with local governments and energy authorities, we have secured an information sharing system to know power control plans in advance, and we are constantly monitoring any change in power supply status based on the pre-emptive response plan. We are constantly monitoring any change in power supply status based on the pre-emptive response system. In addition, we are constantly monitoring any change in power supply status based on the pre-emptive response system. The question was about the launch of the QD OLED TV in next year. Regarding the question about the question about the QD OLED TV in next year by Samsung Electronics and the competition Outlook. And there are, of course, concerns about the new product launch with the adoption of QD OLED by the competitor, especially about the intense competition. However, we think there is a positive aspect because it can expand the OLED ecosystem. So, as a response strategy, we want to solidify our data. So, in addition to the question about the QD OLED TV, we want to change the importance of the QD on the QD. We want to change the QD on the QD on the QD on the QD on the QD on the QD. So, as a response strategy, we want to solidify our QD on the QD. We want to solidify our image as a leader in OLED TV that we have built for the past 10 years. And also, we will lead the OLED technology that the customers can experience as intrinsic values such as picture quality and form factors. And we will continue to maximize our capability as a top OLED TV manufacturer by strengthening the premium line-up and meeting the customer needs so that we think we will be able to continue to lead the market. 이상입니다. 네, 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 키움증권의 김지산님입니다. The next question will be presented by 지산 김 from 키움 Securities. Please go ahead with your question. 질문기에 감사드립니다. 두 가지 질문인데요. 첫 번째는 VS 사업부입니다. 차량용 반도체 공급 부족 이슈가 실적에 미치는 영향이 어느 정도인지 궁금하고요. 큰 영향이 없었다면 그 이유도 궁금합니다. 두 번째는 VS 사업인데요. 최근 태양광 모듈 사업 관련해서 중국산 제품과 가격 경쟁이 심화되고 있는 것으로 보여지는데, 이에 대한 수익성 개선 전략은 무엇인지 답변 부탁드리겠습니다. 네, 감사합니다. I'd like to pose two questions. My first question is on VS. I'm wondering about the impact of the short supply of automotive semiconductor, especially its impact on your performance. If you think the impact was not big, I'd like to understand the reason why. My second question is on VS. Recently, we see that there is a fierce competition in the solar module industry due to the emergence of the Chinese makers, so I'd like to understand your corporate strategy to enhance your profitability. Yes, VS 본부 답변 드리겠습니다. 차량용 반도체 공급 차질 리스크는 일회성이 아닌 상당 기간 지속될 것으로 예상하고 있습니다. We believe that the risk of the shortage of automotive semiconductor is not a temporary phenomenon, but it's likely to persist for quite some time. 특히, 상반기 이후 완화될 것으로 예상됐던 반도체 수급 상황이 동남아 코로나 확산으로 인한 공급망 이슈로 3분기에 더욱 심화되었고, 4분기에도 지속될 것으로 예상되어 현재 관련 상황을 예의주시 중입니다. In particular, due to the supply chain issues in Southeast Asia, threatened by the resurgence of COVID-19, the shortage rather deteriorated in the third quarter, and as it is forecast to drag on further into the fourth quarter, we are keeping a close eye on the market situation. Also, we received some impact due to the shut down measures of tier 1 suppliers and increase of automotive component prices. However, we collaborated with suppliers OEM and we also pulled in some of the automotive semiconductors in advance, and also we applied dual sourcing in order to minimize its impact on our supply side. Yes, 이상입니다. Yes, the 태양광 모듈 사업 관련 질문에 답변 드리겠습니다. 올해는 태양광 모듈 사업 밸류 체인의 최상단에 있는 폴리 실리콘 가격이 전년 대비 4배가량 상승하는 등 주요 원자재 가격 상승으로 원가가 많이 악화돼서 대부분의 모듈 업체들의 수익성이 부진한 것으로 파악되고 있습니다. Let me take your question on solar business. This year, the price of polysilicon on top of the value chain for solar module business has increased by fourfold on a year-on-year basis. With a spike on raw material prices, the cost level deteriorated, which hampered the profitability of most of the module makers. Thank you very much. As you know, we've been running our business centering around high-output, high-efficient products. We will be leveraging our LG brand and global sales capability. Also, through our development capability for high-efficiency, high-output products, we will continue to extend sales opportunities in the residential market and advanced countries, showing a clear preference for high-output products. At the same time, we will strive to raise profitability by improving cost level and output of our products. We'll move on to the next question, please. The next question will be presented by SK Kim from Daiwa Capital Market. Please go ahead with your question. I think it's hard to turn around, but I think it's hard to look at it. That's why we're going to turn around the point of time, so we'll take a look at the results of the results of the change. The second is the G&Bolt. I've been able to talk about that, but I think it's a number of people who think about it, it's a number of people who think about it. And in the presentation, we talked about the software to use the module of the module. So, if there is a chance to increase the cost of the module, I'd like to ask you a question about this. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity to speak. I have two questions, and both goes to the VS division. And the first one is about the V.S.'s automotive electronics business. The market expectations have been high about the automotive electronics business of the V.S. However, the material costs are increasing, and there has been a shortage of semiconductors, so worsening the outlooks for the performance of the V.S. division. And the semiconductor issue will continue, and will continue until the fourth quarter, and so raising the concern about the turnaround target of the V.S. So what's your outlook for the performance, and what's your opinion about the current situation? My second question is about the provision for the recalls of cost. According to the disclosure, the provision has been set aside for the recalled cost. However, the provision amount seems greater than the actual need. So is there a possibility that you will reverse the provision later? So answering the euro's question about the business outlook, then the production of the OEM's complete car is expected to decline by 10%. the business outlook, and then the production of the OEM's complete car is expected to decline by 10%. We have been responding to the situation, however, it was unavoidable situation because it was the impact on the production disruption at the top tier one, the vendors, and OEM side. VS 사업 폭자 전환과 관련하여 차량용 반도체 수급 이슈 및 이에 따른 완성차 업체의 생산 차질로 인한 자동차 부품 수요 감소 리스크는 내년 1분기, 또 늦으면 2분기까지도 이어질 것으로 전망됩니다. In regards to the profit turnaround of the VS business next year, the risk of automotive component demand reduction is expected to continue until the first quarter of the next year, or even the second quarter of next year. 아직은 글로벌 완성차 시장의 불확실성이 여전히 남아있는 상태이지만, 당사는 완성차 업체의 긴밀한 업무 협조 및 다원한템 공급망 확보를 통해 매출 차지를 최소화할 예정이며, 수익성 측면에서는 지속적인 원가 절감 활동을 통한 손익 부족 개선에 집중하여 20 이전에는 의미 있는 실적을 달성할 수 있도록 노력하겠습니다. The authorities still remain in the global automotive market, but we will minimize sales disruptions through close cooperation with OEM and the diversified supply chain. Moreover, in terms of profitability, we will make concerted efforts to achieve meaningful outcome in 2022 by focusing on improving the profit and loss structure through continued cost-saving activities. 네, 두 번째 GM 볼트 리콜 충당금 상입 가능성 여부에 대해서 답변 드리겠습니다. Answering your question on the possibility of the recall provision reversal. GM은 16년부터 21년 상반기까지 제조 판매된 전체 볼트 EV 차량 약 14만 대에 대해서 리콜을 진행할 계획입니다. The GM is a plan to recall about 140,000 볼드 EVs manufactured and sold from 2016 to the first half of 2021. 전체 충당금의 규모는 현재까지 파악된 내용에 기반하여 3, 4간 합의된 리콜 방식을 기준으로 최대한 합리적인 추정을 통해 산정하였습니다. The total amount of provision was calculated using the most reasonable estimation based on the recall method agreed between the three companies and what has been identified so far. 아울러 당사와 LG화학 간 회계적 충당금 설정 시 양사의 분담률은 현재 상황에서 중간값을 적용해 반영하였으며, 최종 분담 비율은 양사의 기책 정도에 따라 추후 결정될 예정입니다. In addition, LGE and LG Chem evenly split the recall costs to book the provision expenses, and the final cost-sharing ratio will be later decided depending on the liabilities of LGE and LG Chem. 따라서 기 설정된 충당금의 환희 가능성에 대해서는 가정을 전제로 말씀드리기 어려운 점을 양해해 주시기 바랍니다. Therefore, please understand that it's difficult to tell you about the possibility of the reversal of the pre-set provisions just based on the assumptions. 네, 이상입니다. 네, 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. We will take the next question, please. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 DB 금융 투자의 권성률 님입니다. The next question will be presented by 성률권 from DB Financial Investments. Please go ahead with your question. 네, 감사합니다. 저는 HE 본부 두 가지 질문 드리겠습니다. 첫 번째는 올해 올레디 TV 판매가 좋은데요. 그래서 이런 식이면 올해 400만들도 가능할 것 같은데 내부적으로 보는 21년, 22년 올레디 TV 판매량 목표가 어떻게 되는지 되게 궁금하고요. 만약에 이렇게 판매량 목표를 달성을 하면 H 사업분의 올레디 TV 매출 비중은 어느 정도까지 될 수 있는지가 첫 번째 질문입니다. 두 번째는 LCD 패널 가격 하락이 굉장히 가파른데요. 이렇게 되면 올레디 TV 대비 LCD TV 가격 경쟁력이 회복되면서 올레디 TV 매출에나 수익성에도 영향을 줄 수 있다고 보는데 어떠한 부담이나 아니면 여기에 대한 영향이 어떻게 되는지 궁금합니다. I have two questions. Both questions are on HE. First, this year you've recorded such a solid performance with your TV products. I think that with this performance you'll be able to achieve 4 million units of sales this year. So I'm wondering how you forecast this year, 2021, and next year in terms of the sales of OLED TVs. If you meet the target of sales, I'm wondering what will be the proportion of OLED TV sales out of the total TV revenue. My second question is also on HE. We see the price level of LCD TV is going down very rapidly. I think compared to OLED TV, with this price decrease, the LCD TV will be able to recover its price competitiveness in the market. So I'm wondering about the impact of this trend on the sales and pressurability of your OLED business. So can you share your corporate opinion on this? Let me take your first question on HE, in particular regarding the forecast of OLED TV. Let me take your first question on HE, in particular regarding the forecast of OLED TV sales. So looking at the performance of OLED TV sales in the third quarter of this year, we are meeting the plan for OLED TV sales 100%. However, looking into the fourth quarter, there is a concern or the risk of the slowdown of TV demand globally because of the uncertainty in the global economy and expansion of living with COVID-19 scheme. However, we think that there will be no difficulty in achieving our target of leading 4 million units of sales that we set up early this year, which is the double, the target of the previous year. If this is the case, we forecast the proportion of OLED TV sales to be around 32%, showing 24% of growth on a year-on-year basis. Regarding the target for the next year with our OLED TV, we haven't finalized our target yet, and we are working on the planning and simulation to set up the target for the next year. However, if we do a closed analysis on the TV market trends, both for TV sets and panels and consumer needs. We forecast that the demand for premium products will continue to go up. So in line with this, we are going to continue to increase the proportion of our OLED TV sales down the road. So I will take your second question, it was on the impact of decrease of LCD TV prices on the profitability and top-line revenue of OLED TV. Based on our understanding on the market dynamics, we understand that the competitors have given a price discount unique to the mini OLED TV these days. However, looking at various external factors such as the LCD panel supply led by the Chinese panel makers, a short supply of semiconductor components, a short supply of semiconductor components, and increase in logistics cost, we believe that it won't be easy to give that much price discount to the LCD TV. So if we look at this situation, we are going to look at this. So if we look at this situation, we are going to look at this situation. So if we look at that, if we look at the price discount, we are going to look at the price discount on the LCD TV. So if we look at this situation, we are looking at various external factors such as the LCD panel supply led by the Chinese panel makers, a short supply of semiconductor components, and increase in logistics cost. that it won't be easy to give that much price discount to the LCD TV. Given that there will be some impact on the demand of OLED TV because of this limited price discount of LCD TVs, however, we can make use of this trend of increasing demand for premium products, especially OLED TVs, and the strength that OLED TV can bring about, I believe that we will be able to maintain this solid top-line revenue, and preferability for the next year. 이상입니다. Next question, please. Next question, please. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 UBS의 Nicola Godoa입니다. The next question will be presented by Nicola Godoa from UBS. Please go ahead with your question. Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Going back to semi-supply constraints, you talked about automotive, but what has been the overall impact across all of your businesses? How are you managing this? Has it gotten better or worse as well for the course of 2021? And what has been the impact on revenues and margins? So that's both revenues and margins here, not just revenues. And secondly, on appliances, you also talked about the impact of logistic costs going up. But what has been the impact of material price increases on appliances margins in the last quarter in Q321? And what could we expect to see going forward? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Regarding the semiconductor shortage issue, my answer can be divided into the TV business and the automotive component business. I think this question raises a concern mainly about the automotive semiconductor shortage. In sourcing the semiconductors required for our products, we don't have significant issues except for some impact on the price increase. However, as other Tier 1 vendors suffer many semiconductor shortage and problems in supplying components, it has resulted in intermittent production disruptions in major OEMs. As for the impact on our performance, we have been affected to some degree by the supply disruption of OEM because our demand on our side has decreased. And also, there have been some price hikes of the components. However, our diversified supply chain management system enables us to fulfill customer orders on time. So, therefore, once this issue is resolved, because we are ready to fulfill customers' orders in a prompt manner, we anticipate that we can achieve more meaningful growth down the road. As for the TV business, as a market leader in the industry, we have a procuring power. So, with that, we have been managing an appropriate level of inventory, and by doing so, we have minimized the impact on our business by securing the DDIC and SOC and other components. Yes. Yes. Yes. HNA 답변 드리겠습니다. 21년 연간으로 볼 때, HNA 사업에 있어서 원재력 인상 영향은 전년 동기 대비를 봤을 때, 연 매출액이 2.5에서 3% 정도의 영향이 갈 거라고 예상이 됩니다. 이번은 4분기 예상을 포함해서 말씀 드릴 수 있겠습니다. As for the vomitorial cost and the impact on the H&A business in 2021, we will say that the impact on our annual fail for this year will be 2.5% to 3%, and these estimations include the outlook for the fourth quarter. Our major vomitorials such as steel, resin, and copper have seen a price increase on every quarter, and this trend will continue, even in the year. In the fourth quarter, so for H&A business, it is a serving, it is a factor, worsening our profitability outlook. 2022년에도 수요 공급 불균형에 따른 원자재 가격은 지속 상승될 것으로 예상하고 있고, 특히 철강, steel 가격 상승이 가파를 것으로 예상하고 있습니다. Again, in 2021, the raw material supply and demand imbalance will continue, and also we expect that especially the steel price will increase steeply. 당사는 이에 대응하기 위해서 원자재 글로벌 통합 레고시이션과 그점, 권역별 메이커 육성 또는 소싱처 답이나 SCM 철역화 등 가격 인상을 최소화하는 활동을 전개하고 있습니다. Under these circumstances, along with globally integrated negotiations, we are minimizing need for raising product prices by fostering the key makers in each region, adopting diversified sourcing, and they optimize SCM and many other activities. 또한, 거시경쟁이 중국 등 대외 변수의 급작스러운 변동성이 커진 만큼 사전 가격 예측을 통한 글로벌 권역 간 소싱을 즉시 실행하고, 현재와 같은 가격 인상에 선제적으로 대응하면서 공급 불안에 따른 리스크를 상시하기 위해 조직의 역량을 집중하고 있습니다. In addition, as macroeconomic factors and external factors, especially China, have suddenly increased, we are focusing our organizational capabilities on proactively responding to current price hikes and offsetting risk from unstable supply through timely inter-regional sourcing and price forecasting. 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. Next question, please. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 Bank of America의 우동재 님입니다. The next question will be presented by 동재 우 from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question. 아, 예. 질문을 위해 주셔서 감사드립니다. 제가 질문 드리고 싶은 거는, 우리가 분기별 이익의 변동폭이 TV하고 가전 분야에서 상당히 많았었는데요, 지난 몇 년간을 보면. 그런데 최근에는 특히 4분기에 급격하게 줄어드는 이익 감사복이 그 언어대보다 적어지는 것 같아요, 추석을 이렇게 보면. 그래서 그렇게 발생하는 이유가 뭐고, 또 앞으로 우리가 분기를 모멘텀을 볼 때, 그럼 내년 상반기에도 또 엄청나게 큰 폭의 이익이 나고, 또 하반기에는 혹시 또 과거 패턴이 반복됐을 때 급격하게 이익이 줄어들 수 있는 그런 리스크가 있는지 않으면, 이미 검증된 것처럼 상반기 이익이 좋아도 하반기에는 상반기 못지않은 또 이익을 낼 수 있는. 그런 비즈니스 모델이 어느새 TV하고 H&A 쪽에서 형성이 돼가고 있는지 좀 설명해 주시면 감사하시고요. 두 번째는 요즘 ESG다, 또 여러 가지 에미션을 최소화시키는 이런 정책들이 많이 발표되고 있는데, 이와 관련해서 물론 아까 좀 전에 솔라 쪽 부분들 설명해 주셨는데요. 큰 흐름상 우리가 준비하고 있는 어떤 리뉴어블 에너지 쪽 관련된 새로운 비즈니스 전략이나 프로젝트가 있는지 설명해 주시면 고맙겠습니다. 감사드립니다. I'd like to pose two questions. My first question is on H&A and H&E. If you look at the operating income on a quarterly basis, you used to show a great fluctuation for many, many years so far in terms of TV and home-appoint businesses. However, looking at the fourth quarter, the performance of the fourth quarter is decreasing more slowly than what has been happening in the past. Can you explain the reason why behind this phenomenon? And also, I'm wondering if there would be any risk of showing a high performance, solid performance in the first half, and then showing a decrease of the performance in the second half once again, like the past. Or you have already established a stable business model with TV and H&A products showing even performances between the first half and the latter half. And my second question is on BS. Recently, many agencies or governments are announcing their ESG, or emission-related policies. As you have already explained about your solar business, I'm wondering and I'd like to understand the overall progress of your renewable energy business-related strategy and ongoing project in line with this trend. 먼저 H&A에 답변 드리겠습니다. 지난 4년을 21년 포함해서 좀 돌이켜보면 2018년과 2019년이 상반기와 하반기의 수익성이 7대3 구조였습니다. 최근 펜트업 영향이 좀 있었지만 최근 20년하고 21년 예상을 종합적으로 볼 때 최근 2년간은 6대4, 상반기 6, 하반기 4에서 하반기의 수익성이 전면적으로 조금씩 미미하지만 개선 추시해 있다 이렇게 좀 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The second half, both of us is the HNA Board of Sounds of Madness in the Second Half. We are seeing a gradual improvement of profitability in the Second Half. As you are already aware, most of the promotional seasons, including the United States, are concentrated in the second half, or in particular, fourth quarter, which is driving off the cost of that period. And also, we are impacted by the seasonality related to the AC business. So that's the reason why we have the structure of showing a lower profitability in the second half compared to that of the first half. 말씀드린 대로 최근 2년간의 좀 인위한 개선은 팬텀 영향도 있었지만, 본부 내부적으로 하반기 수익성 개선을 위해서 사업 포트폴리오 개선을 진행해왔고, 효율적인 비용 집행 등 활동으로 그런 어떤 활동들이 이런 결과를 낳았지 않았나 이렇게 봐집니다. Of course, there were some impacts coming from the 팬텀 demand in improving our performance in the second half for the past two years. However, we internally made continuous efforts to improve the profitability in the second half, and also we strive to execute our expenses in a more efficient manner. 아직까지는 상고 하재 패턴을 완전하게 극복하지 못하고 있는 상황이라고 생각하고요. 과거 대비 하반기 수익성이 점차 개선되더라도, 이러한 상고 하재의 처세는 당분간 지속될 것으로 예상하고 있습니다. As of yet, we couldn't overcome this pattern of showing a lower performance in the second half fully. However, compared to the past, we were able to make a gradual small but important improvement, showing better performance in the second half. So, with this gradual improvement, I believe that this pattern of showing a lower performance in the second half will continue to persist for the time being. 이상입니다. 이어서 신재생에너지 관련 질문에 답변 드리겠습니다. Let me take your question regarding new renewable energy. 말씀하신 대로 ESG의 중요성이 증가되면서 기후위기 극복을 위한 주요 국가의 친환경 정책이 확대되고 있어서 신재생에너지 관련 수요는 지속 성장할 것으로 예상하고 있습니다. As ESG grows in importance, major countries are expanding their green policies to tackle climate change. In light with this trend, the demand for new renewable energy is forecast to grow continuously. 말씀하신 신규 프로젝트 진행 현황은 구체적으로 말씀드리기는 어렵습니다만, 당사는 신재생에너지 사업 관련 생태계 내에서 추가적인 사업 기회가 있는지를 항상 예의주시하고 있다고 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다. Regarding your question about the progress of new projects, please understand that it is difficult to share specifics, but I'd like to say we are keeping a close watch on additional business opportunities arising in the energy business ecosystem. 예를 들면, 홈 공간에서의 효율적 에너지 소비를 위한 최적의 솔루션 제공 방안 등을 저희가 검토하고 있다고 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다. For example, we are reviewing a solution as to how we can offer an optimized solution for efficient power consumption at home. 이상입니다. 네, 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. Next question, please. 현재 질문을 요청하신 분은 없습니다. 질문을 하실 분은 전하기 버튼의 달표와 1번을 눌러주시기 바랍니다. Currently, there are no participants with questions. Please press start 1, start and want to give your question. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 Bank of America의 우 동재님입니다. The next question will be presented by 동재우 from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question. 아, 예. 다시 질문 주셔서 감사드립니다. 저는 한 가지 질문인데요. VS 쪽입니다. 지난 몇 개 분기간에 매출을 보면 2조 미만에서 정체됐고 아까 고객사의 부품 부족도 여러 가지 이유를 말씀해 주셨는데요. 큰 그림으로 다시 한번 점검하고 싶은 게 지금 벌써 10월인데 우리 백러그가 60조인지 어느 정도 되는지 다시 한번 리마인드 좀 해 주시면 좋을 것 같고요. 언제쯤 좀 더 의미 있는 분기 매출 즉 2조가 아니라 3조 수준으로 갈 수 있는지 인플렉션 포인트가 언제쯤인지 내년 3분기부터인지 그리고 이제 전체 백러그가 60조라면 그중에 전기차 관련된 게 한 몇 퍼센트 정도로 나타나고 있는지 현황 점검차 한번 설명해 주시면 감사하겠습니다. 네, 고맙습니다. I have one question about the VS business. When we look at the quarterly sales performance of the VS, it's hovering around or under 2 trillion won. And the VS division explained the many reasons, including the component shortage and the disruption on the customer side. And can you, again, provide a high-level overview about your business situation. And in regards to the order backlog, as of October, is it about 60 trillion won? And when can you make the turnaround in profit to buy the recordings over 2 trillion won and even 3 trillion won in the sales? So I'm wondering, so when will be the inflection point of a profit? And is it, can we expect that it's going to be the third quarter, 2022? And also, if the backlog is 60 trillion won, what is the portion of EV's related component business? So answering your questions on the order backlog, so as we communicated, the order backlog is of 2021 is over 6 trillion won and it is continuously rising. And if you look at the proportions, out of all the backlogs, the infotainment accounts for 60%, and the remaining part is LG, the magna-related EV component and the ZKW lamp products. Considering the high growth potential of the EV industry, we believe that these backlogs from the EV's component-related business will increase with the LG, magna-JV participation. And as you mentioned, the sales have been stagnant because the semiconductor shortage caused by the disruption in the OEM plants. However, when we see our trend of an order backlog, once this semiconductor issue is resolved, we can say that we can start to achieve a meaningful outcome. Yes, it's all right. Yes, it's all right. Yes, it's all right. Yes, it's all right. Next question, please. Next question, please. 현재 질문을 요청하신 분은 없습니다. 질문을 하실 분은 전화기 버튼의 별표와 1번을 눌러주시기 바랍니다. Currently, there are no participants with questions. Please press start 1, start and want to give your question. 더 이상 질문은 없으십니까? 현재 질문을 요청하신 분은 없습니다. 질문을 요청하실 때까지 잠시 기다리겠습니다. Once again, currently there are no participants with questions. We will wait for a second until there is another question. That brings us to the end of LG Electronics earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2021. For further questions, please contact the RN team. Thank you for your participation. Thank you for your participation.