Good morning and good afternoon. Thank you for joining LG Electronics earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2021. This conference call will start with a presentation on the earnings results followed by a Q&A session at which time, if you wish to ask a question, you will need to press star and one on your telephone. I would now like to hand the conference over to the first speaker. Good afternoon, my name is Yang Bo-shim from Investor Relations. Thank you for joining LG Electronics earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2021. With me are representatives of Business Management Division of each business, Mr. I. Gong Kim from Home Appliance and Air Solutions, Mr. Jong Lee from Home Entertainment, Mr. Joo-ryong Kim from Vehicle Component Solutions, Mr. Choo-hyun Park from Business Solutions. We are also joined by Mr. Samu Park from Corporate Business Management Division, Mr. Hyung-gi Lee from Finance Division, and Mr. Hong-soo Lee from Accounting Division. Please note that all statements we will be making today regarding our financial results of the third quarter are subject to change in accordance with the results of the external review. I would also like to remind you that uncertainties in the market and changes in strategies may cause our results to be different from the outlooks and forward-looking statements made today. Today, I will outline the overall performance results of the third quarter of 2021 and the outlook for the fourth quarter. After that, each division will take turns to deliver its business results and outlook. Now, let me start with the consolidated financial results of the third quarter of 2021 and the outlook for the fourth quarter. Consolidated sales of the third quarter was 18.8 trillion won and operating profit was 540.7 billion won. Sales grew 22% year-on-year, driven by increased sales of premium and new appliances in H&A and strong sales of OLED TVs in HE. Though operating profit was affected by the provision for GM vault recalls, we achieved sound performance in profitability by offsetting the impact from rising costs through steady growth in overseas markets and higher sales proportion of premium products. I will now briefly review the third quarter performance of each business. H&A recorded 7.1 trillion won in sales, 505.4 billion won in operating profit and 7.2% in profitability. HE recorded 4.2 trillion won in sales, 208.3 billion won in operating profit and 5% in profitability. BS recorded 1.7 trillion won in sales and 537.6 billion won in operating loss. BS recorded 1.7 trillion won in sales and 12.3 billion won in operating loss. Each business will later share its respective business results and outlook in detail. Let's move on to the profit and loss and cash flow of the third quarter. In terms of profit and loss, reflecting financial income and expense, equity method gain and loss, other non-operating income and expense, corporate income tax and income and loss from discontinued operations, we posted 516.5 billion won in net income. Next on cash flow. Cash flow from operating activities of the third quarter was 568.1 billion won and cash flow from investment activities was negative 907.3 billion won. As a result, net cash flow amounted to negative 185.5 billion won and when reflecting cash flow from financial activities of 630.3 billion won, net change in cash increased by 444.8 billion won from the previous quarter. After reflecting changes in cash classified as other cells of negative 11.3 billion won, cash balance at the end of the third quarter came to stand at 6.6 trillion won. Next is the key financial position and indicators for the third quarter of 2021. As of the end of the third quarter, our assets stood at 54.6 trillion won, liability at 34.3 trillion won and equity at 20.3 trillion won. All leverage ratios, liability to equity and net debt to equity decreased quarter on quarter and year on year, continuing to maintain a healthy financial condition. Next is the outlook for the fourth quarter. In terms of the macro environment, recovery in the real economy is expected on the back of COVID-19 vaccinations and the plan to coexist with the coronavirus. But there are also uncertainties stemming from raw material and component price hikes, monetary policy normalization and the threat of global inflation. Amidst this environment, we will focus on expanding sales of premium products through differentiated marketing activities and respond preemptively to market volatilities by continuously improving cost structures and proactively managing risk. We expect our fourth quarter revenues to grow quarter on quarter and year on year with increased sales of premium appliances and TVs and recovery in the B2B business. In terms of profitability, there are risks regarding raw material and logistics costs, but we will secure stable profitability through better product mix and efficient spending. Now let's move on to the third quarter results and outlook by business. First is H&A. Let me share the third quarter results of H&A. Sales stood at 7.1 trillion won with a 15% increase year on year, driven by growth in overseas markets such as North America, Europe and Latin America. Despite the upside of revenue growth and marketing cost savings, operating profit decreased year on year due to increased raw material prices and logistics and labor cost hikes. Next is the outlook for the fourth quarter. The growth in global demand is projected to slow down, but the situation is expected to unfold differently for each region and segment. The burden from raw material price hikes and increased logistics costs are expected to persist. Amidst this environment, we will actively enhance sales efforts armed with our strong product competitiveness to maintain a double-digit growth in revenue. And also increase selling price and optimize costs to maintain stable profitability. I will share the third quarter results of HE. Sales grew year on year thanks to robust product sales of OLED TVs on the back of rising demand for premium products. We maintained sound profitability by offsetting the high LCD TV panel price burden with effects from increased OLED TV sales and efficient resource management. Now let me share the outlook for the fourth quarter. In the market, global TV demand is projected to decrease slightly year on year as people spend less time at home with the progress in COVID-19 vaccination. We expect marketing spending to increase to respond to the intensifying competition in the TV market, but we will maintain revenue growth and secure solid profitability by improving product mix with a focus on premium products. Let me share the third quarter results of CS. Despite the decrease of vehicle production in the market due to the supply shortage of automotive semiconductors, sales grew year on year thanks to increased volumes from new projects and revenue growth of electric vehicle components. Profitability showed a temporary decrease as the provision for GM vault recalls was reflected. For the fourth quarter outlook, with the spread of the COVID-19 Delta variant, the supply shortage of auto semiconductors is expected to persist, leading to a consequent shutdown of major OEM plants. This in turn may lead to a decrease in demand for vehicle components. We expect the continuous supply issue of automotive semiconductors and subsequent risk of disruption in auto productions to have an impact on profitability, lowering the probability of achieving a turnaround in the fourth quarter. I will share the third quarter results of BS. Sales grew 14% year on year on the back of expanded sales of information display products with the recovery in the B2B market and sound revenue growth in IT business. Operating profit declined year on year due to rising prices of major components such as LCD panels and wafers and the impact from increased global logistics costs. Now the outlook for the fourth quarter. There are both opportunities and risks in the market. Demand for IT products including gaming monitors is expected to remain strong in line with non-face-to-face trends and the B2B market is predicted to show a gradual recovery in demand but there may be impact from the semiconductor shortage and increased prices of major components like LCD panels. Amidst this environment, we expect sales to grow quarter on quarter and year on year with the seasonality effect in IT business and the recovering demand in the B2B market. But improvements in profitability are projected to be limited due to the continuing cost increase and intensifying competition. We seek to secure momentum in enhancing profitability by improving product mix and strengthening cost competitiveness. That brings us to the end of the third quarter earnings release and the outlook for the fourth quarter. We will now take questions. Operator, please commence with the Q&A session. 질문을 하실 분은 전화기 버튼에 별표와 1번을 눌러주시기 바랍니다. 질문을 취소하시려면 별표와 2번을 눌러주시면 됩니다. Now Q&A session will begin. Please press star and 1 if you have any questions. Questions will be taken according to the order you have pressed star and number 1. For cancellation, please press star and 2 on your phone. 질문을 하실 분은 KB등

다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 KB증권의 김동환 님입니다. The first question will be presented by 동환 김 from KB Securities. Please go ahead with your question. 질문에 감사드립니다. 저는 H&A에 두 가지 질문 드리겠습니다. 먼저 최근 물류비 상승에 따른 수익성 영향 우려가 있습니다. 물류 차질과 비용 증가에 대해 회사 측에서 생각하고 계시는 부분과 사모 대응 방향에 대해 말씀 부탁드립니다. 다음은 신가전 매출 비중 추이와 신가전의 지역별 성장 전망에 대해 의견 부탁드립니다. 이상입니다. I'd like to post two questions on H&A. First, with a spike in logistics, I'm wondering about the impact on the preferable level of H&A company. And also I'm wondering what will be your corporate strategy in response to the logistics disruption that is appearing recently. My second question is related to H&A as well. I'd like to understand the proportion of new appliance sales and its trend and can you forecast the new appliances business down the road by region? 먼저 물류비 증가 관련해서 당사 대응 전략에 말씀드리겠습니다. 아시는 바와 같이 지금 해상 및 항공 운임이 연일 사상 최고치를 갱신하고 있고요. H&A 본부 사업에 있어서도 수익성 악화의 큰 요인으로 작용하고 있는 상황입니다. 최근 여러 기관에서 전망하고 있듯이 이러한 현상이 내년 상반기나 또는 하반기 길게는 한 1년이나 2년 정도 소요될 것이라는 관측이 있습니다. 당사 매출의 기준으로 보면 전년 대비 한 2% 정도의 인류비 영향이 있고요. 저희들 대응 방안으로는 글로벌 선사들을 대상으로 임시 선박 투입을 통해서 공급 차질을 축소하고자 대응하고 있고 글로벌 공급망 최적화 정비를 통해서 물류비 상승 영향을 최소화해 나가고 있습니다. 2022년에도 저희들이 가지고 있는 견고한 글로벌 공급 체계와 물류 네트워크를 기반으로 물류 수요 변화에 대해서 신속한 의사결정과 함께 빠른 실행을 통해서 공급 차질 리스크를 축소해 나갈 예정입니다. 글로벌 선사들과의 견고한 파트너십을 기반으로 해서 선사와 창업인이 날 수 있는 물류 운영에 대한 협상이 현재 진행 중에 있고 그동안 축적된 여섯 시련 영향과 물류 운영 경쟁력을 바탕으로 고객 납기 만족을 최우선으로 해서 시장을 선도하는 HNA 사업이 되도록 준비하고 있다고 말씀드리겠습니다. 이상입니다. Furthermore, based on a solid partnership with our partnership in companies, we are working on the negotiation to create a win-win operation for both of us. And also by leveraging the SDN capability and logistics competitiveness that we have built thus far, we are going to put the first priority in meeting our delivery commitment with our customers. We will strive to continue to become the leader in the market. 다음은 신가전 매출에 대해서 말씀드리겠습니다. 신가전 매출은 내년 두 자릿수 이상 성장을 해오고 있습니다. 현재는 2018년에 매출 비중이 한 14%에서 2021년도 한 17%에서 한 18% 정도 될 거라고 예상이 되고 있습니다. 본부는 매출 비중은 지속적으로 증가 추세에 있다 이렇게 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다. Let me take your question on the proportion of new appliance sales. I'll say that the sales of new appliance has been recording a two-digit level growth every year. So we are seeing the rise of the proportion from 14% in 2018 to around 17% to 18% in 2021. So I'll say that the proportion of new appliances still is increasing within HNA company. 코로나19 상황 속에서 스테이 앳 더 홈 트렌드가 맞물려가지고 제품에 대한 소비자들의 정보 접근이 매우 용이해졌습니다. 가전제품의 위생 건강 관련 기능은 소비자들이 구매 고려 단계에서부터 반드시 짚고 넘어가는 중요한 부분이 되어 있습니다. Amid the COVID-19 pandemic combined with the trend of state-of-state domestic activities, nowadays consumers have easier access to product information. And the hygiene and healthcare functions of our home appliances have become a critical component or part of their decision-making. 이러한 구매 패턴을 지역별로 전부 보면 북미, 유럽과 같은 선진시장에서도 뚜렷하게 나타나고 있으며 위생 건강에 직결되는 이미지를 가진 스팀을 가전의 접목한 건조기, 스타일러, 식기세척기 등 스팀 가전시장에서 고성장을 달성할 수 있었습니다. If we look at the pattern of sales by region, we see that this pattern is more pronounced in the advanced markets, North America and Europe. And as the steam is deeply associated with hygiene and healthcare, we believe that we were able to record a high growth with our steam function home appliances such as styler, dryer and dishwasher. 성장시장에서 상대적으로 저가격 지원에 대한 수요가 늘고 있다고 봐지고 봐지고요. 당사의 위생 건강 가전을 필수 가전제품화하도록 고객의 가격 수용성을 높인 제품을 출시해서 보건전을 높이는 동시에 인식 전환을 위해 한국시장 성공 사례를 토대로 브랜드 투자 및 고객 페인 포인트를 반영한 차별화 제품으로 소비자가 선호하는 브랜드 이미지를 구축해 나갈 계획입니다. In the emerging markets, on the other hand, we see the demand for those products to continue to go up. And we are trying to make those products featuring hygienic and healthcare functions as an essential product for consumers by offering those products at a more affordable price range to increase up our sales furthermore. So also for consumers' awareness, we are trying to leverage the successful cases in the Korean market. So for this end, we are continuing our investment in the brand and we will try to enhance the brand positioning in the market through these efforts. 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. Next question, please. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 삼성증권의 이종욱 님입니다. The next question will be presented by 종욱 이 from 삼성증권. Please go ahead with your question. 네, 질문 기회 감사합니다. 두 가지 질문인데요. 일단 전반적으로 중국 전력난으로 인한 사업부들 피해 여부가 궁금합니다. 피해 규모는 어느 정도일까요? 그리고 두 번째로는 HE 본부 중에서요. 삼성전자가 내년 TV 라인업에 QD OLED TV 채택을 공식화하고 있는데 이에 대한 당사의 채택이 궁금합니다. 구체적으로 당사의 W OLED TV 사업이 QD OLED에 미치는 영향 또는 향후 경쟁 구도는 어떻게 예산하는지 궁금합니다. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two questions. My first question is about a power crisis in China. Did power shortage in China cause any damage in divisions of LGE? And if any, how much is the damage? My second question is for HE. Samsung Electronics officially adopted QD OLED TVs as the next year's TV lineup. What's your position about this move? And what impact do you think it will have on LGE's W OLED TV business? And what will be the competition landscape going forward? 먼저 중국 전력난 질문에 대해서 답변을 드리면요. 저희는 9월 중순부터 실질적으로 광둥성에 소재하고 있는 HE 사업본부 생산법인 등의 일부 지역에서 주간에 사용하는 전력 사용량을 감축해달라는 요구를 받은 바 있습니다. China and its impact on production subsidiaries in China. We received a request to reduce daytime power usage in some locations, including HE divisions production subsidiary in Guangdong province from mid-September. 저희는 전반적으로 주간 생산 물량을 야간 생산으로 전환하는 등의 노력으로 제품 생산에 큰 차질이 없도록 대응하고 있고요. 그리고 잠재적인 추가 상황 악화를 대비해서 자체 발전 설비를 추가 증강하고 그리고 비생산 전력의 사용 운전 통제하는 등

설계를 확충하고 그리고 비생산 전력의 사용을 중단을 통제하는 등 비상대응 계획을 수립해서 철저하게 대응 중에 있습니다. We are responding by converting daytime production to the nighttime without significant disruption. Moreover, in preparation of any worse situation, we added self-generation facilities and are controlling use of power for non-production purpose based on our emergency response plan. 그리고 저희 지방정부 그리고 저격국가의 긴밀한 협력을 통해서 전력 통제 계획을 사전에 공유받을 수 있는 체계를 확보해 놓았고요. 그리고 전력 공급 상황과 변화를 상시 모니터링하는 등 선제적 대응 체계를 구축해서 현재 운영 중에 있습니다. In addition, in close consultation with local governments and energy authorities, we have secured an information sharing system to know power control plans in advance and we are constantly monitoring any change in power supply status based on the preemptive response system. 다음으로 H본부 질문에 답변드리도록 하겠습니다. 경쟁사의 QD, 매년도의 QD 올레드 라인업에 대한 당사의 영향에 대해 질문하셨는데요. 기본적으로 경쟁사의 QD 올레드 출시가 새로운 경쟁 형태로 인해 약간의 경쟁 심화 이런 부분이 있을 것으로 판단됩니다. Regarding the question about the HE, the question was about the launch of the QD OLED TV next year by Samsung Electronics and the competition outlook. And there are, of course, concerns about the new product launch with the adoption of the QD OLED by the competitor, especially about the intense competition. 하지만 다른 긍정적인 측면은 OLED의 생태계가 확대되는 관점에서 어떤 시장의 긍정적인 요소도 있다고 판단됩니다. However, we think there is a positive aspect because it can expand the OLED ecosystem. 그래서 물론 당사의 어떤 기본적인 대응 전략은 이미 시장 초기부터 10년간 구축해온 올레드 TV의 선도 이미지를 더욱 공고히 하고 화질 개선, 다양한 폼팩트 제시 등 제품 개발에 있어서 당사의 차별화된 최적화 역량을 충분히 활용하고자 합니다. So as a response strategy, we want to solidify our image as a leader in OLED TV that we have built for the past 10 years. And also, we will lead the OLED technology so that the customers can experience as intrinsic values such as picture quality and form factors. 이를 통해 현재 업계 최고 수준의 제품 라인업을 내년도 지속 강화하고 고객의 다양한 수요에 적극 대응하면서 앞으로도 시장을 선도하는 OLED TV 제조사로서의 역량을 더욱 강화해 나갈 예정입니다. And we will continue to maximize our capability as a top OLED TV manufacturer by strengthening the premium lineup and meeting the customer needs so that we think we will be able to continue to lead the market. 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. Next question, please. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 키움증권의 김지산 님입니다. The next question will be presented by Jisan Kim from Kiwoom Securities. Please go ahead with your question. 질문 기회에 감사드립니다. 두 가지 질문인데요. 첫 번째는 VS 사업부입니다. 차량용 반도체 공급 부족 이슈가 실적에 미치는 영향이 어느 정도인지 궁금하고요. 큰 영향이 없었다면 그 이유도 궁금합니다. 두 번째는 PS 사업부인데요. 최근 태양광 모듈 사업 관련해서 중국산 제품과 가격 경쟁이 심화되고 있는 것으로 보여지는데 이에 대한 수익성 개선 전략은 무엇인지 답변 부탁드리겠습니다. I have two questions. My first question is on VS. I'm wondering about the impact of the short supply of automotive semiconductor and especially its impact on your performance. If you think the impact was not big, I'd like to understand the reason why. My second question is on VS. Recently we see there is a fierce competition in the solar module industry due to the emergence of the Chinese makers. So I'd like to understand your corporate strategy to enhance your profitability. 네, VS 부문도 답변 드리겠습니다. 차량용 반도체 공급 차질 리스크는 일회성이 아닌 상당 기간 지속될 것으로 예상하고 있습니다. We believe that the risk of the shortage of automotive semiconductor is not a temporary phenomenon but is likely to proceed for quite some time. 특히 상반기 이후 완화될 것으로 예상됐던 반도체 수급 상황이 동남아 코로나 확산으로 인한 공급망 이슈로 3분기에 더욱 심화되었고 4분기에도 지속될 것으로 예상되어 현재 관련 상황을 예의주시 중입니다. In particular, due to the supply chain issues in Southeast Asia, threatened by the resurgence of COVID-19, the shortage rather deteriorated in the third quarter. And as it is forecast to drag on further into the fourth quarter, we are keeping a close eye on the market situation. 당사도 타티온 영향에 의한 고객사 공장이 셧다운으로 인한 공급 차질 및 부품 단가 인상 등 일정 부분 영향을 받고 있으나 고객사 및 협력사와의 공조를 통해 부족한 반도체 부품을 풀인하고 이원화로 대응하여 차질 최소화하였습니다. Also, we received some impact due to the shutdown measures of curwan suppliers and increased automotive component prices. However, we collaborated with suppliers' OEM and we also pulled in some of the automotive semiconductors in advance and also we applied dual sourcing in order to minimize its impact on our supply site. 네, 이상입니다. 태양광 모듈 사업 관련 질문에 답변 드리겠습니다. 올해는 태양광 모듈 사업 밸류체인에 최상단에 있는 폴리실리콘 가격이 전년 대비 4배가량 상승하는 등 주요 원자재 가격 상승으로 원가가 많이 악화돼서 대부분의 모듈 업체들의 수익성이 부진한 것으로 파악되고 있습니다. And we take your question on solar business. This year, the price of polysilicon on top of the value chain for solar module business has increased by fourfold on a year-on-year basis. With a spike on raw material prices, the cost level deteriorated, which hampered the profitability of most of the module makers. 그리고 잘 아시는 바와 같이 자사는 고출력, 고효율 제품 기반으로 사업을 운영해 왔습니다. 자산은 우리가 강점으로 갖고 있는 글로벌 시장에서의 LGC 브랜드와 판매 역량, 그리고 고출력 고효율 제품 개발 역량을 통해서 고출력 제품에 대한 선호도가 높은 선진국과 가정용 시장에 집중해서 판매 기회를 확대하고 원가 및 출력 향상을 통해서 수익성을 개선해 나가고자 합니다. As you know, we've been running our business centering around high output, high efficient products. We will be leveraging our LG brand and global sales capability. Also, through our development capability for high efficiency, high output products, we will continue to extend sales opportunities in the residential market and advanced countries, showing a clear preference for high output products. At the same time, we will strive to raise profitability by improving cost level and output of our products. 다음 질문으로 부탁드리겠습니다. We'll move on to the next question, please. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 다이와 증권의 김형균 님입니다. The next question will be presented by SK Kim from Daiwa Capital Market. Please go ahead with your question. 질문 기회에 감사드립니다. 저는 VS 쪽에 두 가지 질문이 있습니다. 첫 번째는 당사의 전장 사업에 대해서 상당히 시장의 기대감이 높았는데요. 반도체 공급 이슈라든지 비용 발생이 계속되면서 실적 전망에 우려가 증가하는 것 같습니다. 방금 말씀하신 대로 반도체 관련 이슈가 상당 부분 지속이 되고 4분기에도 턴어라운드가 어려울 것 같아 보이는데요. 향후에 우리 사업의 턴어라운드 가능한 시점을 포함해서 실적 전망의 변화 방향에 대한 의견을 부탁드리겠습니다. 두 번째는 GM 골드 충당금 관련해서 최근에 공지를 하셨는데 리콜 규모를 감안하더라도 충당 규모가 조금 생각했던 것보다 큰 것 같습니다. 특히 공시 내용에는 소프트웨어를 활용한 모듈의 성배교체 방식에 대한 언급도 있었는데요. 그렇다면 향후 충당금이 환입될 가능성이 있는지 이런 부분에 대한 의견도 같이 부탁드리겠습니다. 감사합니다. Thank you for the opportunity to speak. I have two questions and both goes to the VS division. The first one is about the VS automotive electronics business. The market expectations have been so high about the automotive electronics business of the VS. However, the raw material costs are increasing and there has been a shortage of semiconductors. So worse than the outlooks for the performance of the VS division. And the semiconductor issue will continue and will continue until the fourth quarter. So raising the concern about the turnaround

하고 배팅드 컨선에 대해 턴어라운드 타겟에 대한 질문입니다. 그래서 퍼포먼스에 대한 전망을 말씀해 주실 수 있나요? 제 두 번째 질문은 리콜 비용에 대한 프로비전입니다. 공개된 것에 따르면 프로비전 비용이 리콜 비용보다 더 많습니다. 그래서 프로비전을 반대로 바꿀 가능성이 있습니까? 질문에 답변 드리겠습니다. 반도체 수급 불균형이 장기화되면서 21년, 22년 글로벌 완성차 생산이 연초 예측 대비 10%가량 감소될 것으로 예상됩니다. 그래서 비즈니스 아웃룩에 대해 말씀드리겠습니다. OEM 컴플릿 카를 생산하는 것은 10%가량 감소될 것으로 예상됩니다. 앞서 말씀드린 바와 같이 이런 부분에 대해서 저희가 지속 대응을 해왔습니다만 저희 영역보다는 타치원 영향에 의한 OEM의 셧다운 영향을 저희가 피할 수는 없었습니다. VSS 사업 복합전환과 관련하여 차량용 반도체 수급 이슈 및 이에 따른 완성차 업체의 생산 차질로 인한 자동차 부품 수요 감소 리스크는 내년 1분기, 늦으면 2분기까지도 지속 이어질 것으로 전망됩니다. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 DB금융투자의 권성률입니다. 다음 질문은 DB 파이낸셜 인베스트먼트의 권성률입니다. 질문해 주세요. 감사합니다. 저는 H본부 두 가지 질문 드리겠습니다. 첫 번째는 올해 OLED TV 판매가 좋은데요. 그래서 이런 식으로 올해 400만 대도 가능할 것 같은데 내부적으로 보는 21년, 22년 OLED TV 판매량 목표가 어떻게 되는지 되게 궁금하고요. 만약에 이렇게 판매량 목표를 달성을 하면 H사업본내에 OLED TV 매출 비중은 어느 정도까지 될 수 있는지가 첫 번째 질문입니다. 두 번째는 LCD 패널 가격 하락이 굉장히 가파른데요. 이렇게 되면 OLED TV 대비 LCD TV 가격 경쟁력이 회복되면서 OLED TV 매출에나 수익성에도 영향을 줄 수 있다고 보는데 어떠한 부담이나 아니면 여기에 대한 영향이 어떻게 되는지 궁금합니다. 첫 번째 질문에 대해서 답변드리도록 하겠습니다. 21년 저희 OLED TV 판매량은 3분기 현재 기준으로 계획 대비 제대로 맞춰서 100% 진행 중에 있습니다. Let me take your first question on HE, in particular regarding the forecast of OLED TV sales. So looking at the performance of OLED TV sales in the third quarter of this year, we are meeting the plan for OLED TV sales 100%. 다만 4분기인 글로벌 경제 불확실성과 위드 코로나로 인해 TV 수요 감소 리스크는 있습니다. However, looking into the fourth quarter, there is a concern or the risk of the slowdown of TV demand globally because of the uncertainty in the global economy and expansion of living with COVID-19 scheme. 하지만 연간으로 볼 경우 저희들이 연초에 목표한 전년대비 2배 수준인 400만 대의 목표는 무난히 달성할 것으로 예상되고 있습니다. However, we think that there will be no difficulty in achieving our target of meeting 4 million units of sales that we set up early this year, which is the double the target of the previous year. 이럴 경우 올해의 OLED TV 매출 비중은 약 32% 정도가 예상되어지고 전년대비 24% 대비 지속 증가하는 추세에 있습니다. If this is the case, we forecast the proportion of OLED TV sales to be around 32%, showing 24% of growth on a year-on-year basis. 22년도 OLED TV 판매 목표와 관련해서는 아직까지 확정되지 않고 계속 시뮬레이션하고 계획 수립 단계에 있습니다. Regarding the target for the next year with our OLED TV, we haven't finalized our target yet, and we are working on the planning and simulation to set up the target for the next year. 하지만 TV 셋트 및 패널 시장 환경 및 고객 수요 변화를 면밀히 분석해 보면 프리미엄 시장에서의 어떤 수요의 증가에 힘입어 OLED TV의 점유율을 추가적으로 확대해 나가는 방향으로 검토하고 있습니다. However, if we do a close analysis on the TV market trends, both for TV sets and panels and consumer needs, we forecast that the demand for premium products will continue to go up. So in line with this, we are going to continue to increase the proportion of our OLED TV sales and the revenues. 두 번째 질문에 대해서 답변드리도록 하겠습니다. LCD 패널 가격이 하락함에 따라서 OLED가 어떻게 매출 및 수익성에 부담이 되는지에 대한 질문이었습니다. So I'll take your second question. It was on the impact of decrease on LCD TV prices on the pressure ability and top-line revenue of OLED TVs. 지금 시장에서 저희들이 파악하고 있는 바에 따르면 경쟁사의 경우에는 최근 북미 지역에 미니 LED TV를 중심으로 가격을 인하하고 있는 상황으로 정보를 입수하고 있습니다. Based on our understanding on the market dynamics, we understand that the competitor has given a price discount, meaning to the mini OLED TV these days. 하지만 중국의 패널 제조사가 주도하고 있는 LCD 공급망의 현황과 반도체 수급 리스크 그리고 물류비 인상 등 기타 외부의 변수를 고려해 보면 전년과 같은 수준의 큰 폭의 어떤 제품 가격

고려해보면 내년과 같은 수준의 큰 폭의 어떤 제품 가격이나는 어렵지 않나 예상하고 있습니다. 그러나 외형적인 요소로 보면 진영과 같은 수준의 큰 폭의 어떤 제품 가격이나는 어렵지 않나 예상하고 있습니다. 그러나 외형적인 요소로 보면 진영과 같은 수준의 큰 폭의 어떤 제품 가격이나는 어렵지 않나 예상하고 있습니다. However, looking at various external factors such as the LCD panel supply led by the Chinese panel makers, a short supply of semiconductor components, and increase in logistics costs, we believe that it won't be easy to give that much price discount to the LCD TVs. 이런 상황을 고려해보면 이런 제한지역인 LCD 제품 가격 인하에 의해서 올레드 TV 수요의 일부 영향은 발생하겠지만 여전히 프리미엄 시장의 어떤 수요 증가, 그에 따른 저희도 올레드만의 강점을 이용해보면 내년에도 지속적인 매출 성장과 견조한 수익성은 유지해나갈 것으로 전망하고 있습니다. Given that there will be some impact on the demand of OLED TV because of this limited price discount of LCD TVs. However, we can make use of this trend of increasing demand for premium products, especially OLED TVs. And the strength of OLED TV can bring about, I believe that we will be able to maintain this solid top-line revenue and profitability for the next year. 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 UBS의 니콜라 고드와입니다. The next question will be presented by Nicola Godoy from UBS. Please go ahead with your question. Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Going back to a semi-supply constraint, you talked about automotive, but what has been the overall impact across all of your businesses? How are you managing this? Has it gotten better or worse as well for the course of 2021? And what has been the impact on revenues and margins? So that's both revenues and margins, yeah, not just revenues. And certainly on appliances, you also talked about the impact of logistic costs going up, but what has been the impact of material price increases on appliances' margins in the last quarter, in Q3 21? And what could we expect to see going forward? 질문 받으시죠. 감사합니다. 제 두 가지 질문이 있습니다. 첫 번째는 반도체의 수급 제약에 관한 질문인데 앞서서 자동차 부문의 반도체 부족에 대해서 말씀해 주셨는데 반도체 부족이 사업 전반에는 어떠한 영향을 미치고 있는지 궁금합니다. 그리고 이러한 상황을 어떻게 관리하고 있는지 21년 전반에 걸쳐서 상황이 더 좋아졌는지 아니면 악화되었는지 유지되고 있는지 궁금합니다. 뿐만 아니라 반도체의 공급 부족이 회사의 수익뿐만 아니라 영업이익에 어떠한 영향을 미치고 있는지 말씀해 주시면 감사하겠습니다. 두 번째는 물류비 상승에 관한 질문입니다. 물류비가 상승하면서 사업부에 영향을 주고 있을 거라고 생각하는데요. 특히 가정시장의 마진에 어떠한 영향을 주고 있는지 그리고 21년 하반기에 어떠한 영향을 받을지에 대한 답변 부탁드립니다. 먼저 반도체에 대해서는 전반적으로 설명을 드리면 자동차 쪽과 TV 쪽으로 나눠서 설명을 드릴 수 있을 거라고 생각합니다. 반도체 부족에 대해서는 부가적으로 설명을 드리면 아마 시장에서 가장 우려하는 부분이라고 생각하고 있는데요. 당사에 같은 경우에는 제품 생산에 소요되는 반도체 조달은 일부 비용 인상 영향은 있지만 현재는 큰 이슈가 없었고요. 하지만 T1 공급체들이 반도체 부족으로 자동차 부품 납품에 차질이 생기면서 주요 자동차 업체들까지 간헐적으로 생산 차질이 발생하고 있는 것이 현재로서는 이슈입니다. 앞서 실적 측면에서 말씀을 드리면 앞서 설명드린 것처럼 고객사 공장이 셧다운으로 자동차 부품의 수요 적소 그리고 일부 부품 단가 인상 등 일정 부분 저희는 영향을 받고는 있지만 저희 엘전자 같은 경우에는 고객사의 수요 물량을 적게 대응할 수 있는 다원화된 공급망 발색을 이미 구축을 했기 때문에 완성차 업체의 반도체 공급 이슈가 완화가 된다면 누구보다도 신속하게 대응할 수 있는 준비가 돼 있기 때문에 한층 더 의미 있는 성장은 달성할 수 있을 거라고 생각하고 있습니다. TV 사업 쪽에 관련해서 말씀을 드리면 시장 선도업체로서 보유하고 있는 구매력과 공급업체들과의 긴밀한 협업을 통해서 DDI시라든가 SOC 등 주요 부품의 적정적을 확보하는데 이슈가 없었기 때문에 향후에도 안정적인 관리가 가능할 거라고 생각하고 있습니다. As for the TV business, as a market leader in the industry, we have a procuring power and deep trust and partnership with suppliers. So with that, we have been managing an appropriate level of inventory and by doing so, we have minimized the impact on our business by securing the DDI-C and SOC and other components. H&A 답변 드리겠습니다. 21년 연간으로 볼 때 저희 H&A 사업에 있어서 원재료 인상 영향은 전년 동기 대비를 봤을 때 연 매출액이 한 2.5에서 한 3% 정도의 영향이 갈 거라고 예상이 됩니다. 이거는 4분기 예상을 포함해서 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다. As for the raw material cost and its impact on the H&A business in 2021, we would say that the impact on our annual sales for this year will be 2.5% to 3% and this estimation includes the outlook for the fourth quarter. 주요 원재료인 철강, 레진, 구리 모두 분기별 인상률이 증가 추세에 있고 남은 4분기 또한 전년 동기 대비 인상률 증가로 수익성에 일정한 영향을 미치고 있다고 보아집니다. Our major raw materials such as steel, resin, and copper have seen a price increase on every quarter and this trend will continue even in the fourth quarter. So for H&A business, it is serving as a factor worsening our profitability outlook. 22년에도 수요 공급 불균형에 따른 원자재 가격은 지속 상승될 것으로 예상하고 있고 특히 철강, 스틸 가격 상승이 가파를 것으로 예상하고 있습니다. Again, in 2021, raw material supply and demand imbalance will continue and also we expect that especially the steel price will increase steeply. 당사는 이에 대응하기 위해서 원자재 글로벌 통합 네고시에이션과 그쯤 권역별 메이커 육성 또는 소싱처 다변화, SCM 최적화 등 가격 인상을 최소화하는 활동을 전개하고 있습니다. Under these circumstances, along with globally integrated negotiations, we are minimizing need for raising product prices by fostering the key makers in each region, adopting diversified sourcing and optimizing SCM and many other activities. 또한 그 시기 경제 및 중국 등 대변수의 급작스러운 변동성이 크지만큼 사전 가격 예측을 통한 글로벌 권역 간 소싱을 적시에 실행하고 현재와 같은 가격 인상에 선제적으로 대응하면서 공급 불안에 따른 리스크를 상시하기 위해 조직의 역량을 집중하고 있습니다. In addition, as macroeconomic factors and external factors, especially China, have suddenly increased, we are focusing our organizational capabilities on proactively responding to current price hikes and offsetting risks from unstable supply through timely interregional sourcing and price forecasting. 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. Next question, please. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 뱅크 오브 아메리카의 우동재님입니다. The next question will be presented by 동재 우 from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question. 질문을 위해 주셔서 감사드립니다. 제가 질문드리고 싶은 것은 우리가 분기별 이익의 담당 법이 TV하고 가정 분야에서 상당히 많았었는데요. 지난 몇 년간을 보면.

하고 가장 상당히 많았었는데요. 지난 몇 년간을 보면. 근데 최근에는 특히 4분기에 급격하게 줄어드는 이익 감소 폭이 어느새보다 적어지는 것 같아요. 주식을 이렇게 보면. 그래서 그렇게 발생하는 이유가 뭐고 앞으로 우리가 분기를, 모먼트를 볼 때 내년 상반기에도 또 엄청나게 큰 폭의 이익이 나고 또 하반기에는 혹시 또 과거 패턴이 반복됐을 때 급격하게 이익이 줄어들 수 있는 그런 리스크가 있는지 아니면 이미 검증된 것처럼 상반기에 이익이 좋아도 하반기에는 상반기 못지않은 이익을 낼 수 있는 그런 비즈니스 모델이 어느새 TV하고 H&A 쪽에서 형성이 돼가고 있는지 좀 설명해 주시면 감사드리고요. 두 번째는 요즘 ESG다 또 여러 가지 애니션을 최소화시키는 이런 정책들이 많이 발생되고 있는데 이와 관련해서 물론 아까 좀 전에 솔라 쪽 부분도 설명해 주셨는데요. 큰 흐름상 우리가 준비하고 있는 어떤 리뉴어블 에너지 쪽 관련된 새로운 비즈니스 전략이나 프로젝트가 있는지 설명해 주시면 고맙겠습니다. 감사합니다. I would like to first question. My first question is on H&A and H&E. If you look at the operating income on a quarterly basis, you used to show great fluctuation for many, many years so far in terms of TV and home appliance businesses. However, looking at the fourth quarter, the performance of the fourth quarter is decreasing more slowly than what has been happening in the past. Can you explain the reason why behind this phenomenon? And also I'm wondering if there will be any risk of showing a high performance, solid performance in the first half and then showing a decrease of the performance in the second half once again, like the past. Or you have already established a stable business model with TV and H&A products showing even performances between first half and the latter half. And my second question is on BS. Recently, many agencies or governments are announcing their ESG or emission-related policies. As you have already explained about your solar business, I'm wondering and I'd like to understand the overall progress of your renewable energy business-related strategy and ongoing project in line with this trend. 먼저 H&A 답변 드리겠습니다. 지난 4년을 21년 포함해서 좀 돌이켜보면 2018년과 2019년이 상반기와 하반기의 수익성이 7대 3 구조였습니다. 최근 펜트업 영향이 좀 있었지만 최근 20년하고 21년 예상을 종합적으로 볼 때 최근 2년간은 6대 4 상반기 6 하반기 4 해서 하반기의 수익성이 전면적으로 조금씩 미미하지만 개선 추세에 있다 이렇게 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다. 최근 4년을 포함해서 2018년과 2019년의 수익성이 7대 3 구조였습니다. 최근 펜트업 영향이 좀 있었지만 최근 20년과 21년 예상을 종합적으로 볼 때 최근 2년간은 6대 4 상반기 6 하반기 4 해서 하반기의 수익성이 전면적으로 조금씩 미미하지만 개선 추세에 있다 이렇게 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다. 아시다시피 H&A 본부는 통상적으로 미국을 비롯한 주요 지역별 판촉 시기가 상반기보다는 주로 하반기 그리고 4분기에 관련해서 집중적으로 비용이 증가하고 있고요. 그리고 중요한 게 에어컨 사업의 계절적인 요인 영향 등으로 인해서 상반기 대비해서 하반기 수익성이 하락하는 구조를 지니고 있습니다. As you are already aware, most of the promotional seasons, including the United States, are concentrated in the second half or in particular fourth quarter, which is driving off the cost of that period. And also we are impacted by the seasonality related to the AC business. So that's the reason why we have the structure of showing a lower profitability in the second half compared to that of the first half. 말씀드린 대로 최근 2년간의 미미한 개선은 펜텀 영향도 있었지만 본부 내부적으로 하반기 수익성 개선을 위해서 사업 포트폴리오 개선을 진행해 왔고 효율적인 비용 집행 등 활동으로 그런 어떤 활동들이 이런 결과를 낳았지 않았나 이렇게 봐집니다. Of course, there were some impacts coming from the pent-up demand in improving our performance in the second half for the past two years. However, we internally made continuous efforts to improve the profitability in the second half and also we strive to execute our expenses in a more efficient manner. 여기까지는 상고하주 패턴을 완전하게 극복하지 못하고 있는 상황이라고 생각하고요. 과거 대비 하반기 수익성이 점차 개선되더라도 이러한 상고하주 출현은 당분간 지속될 것으로 예상하고 있습니다. So as of yet, we couldn't overcome this pattern of showing a lower performance in the second half fully. However, compared to the past, we were able to make a gradual, small but important improvement showing better performance in the second half. So with this gradual improvement, I believe that this pattern of showing a lower profitability in the second half will continue to persist for the time being. 이어서 신재생 에너지 관련 질문에 답변 드리겠습니다. Let me take your question regarding new renewable energy. 말씀하신 대로 ESG의 중요성이 증가되면서 기후위기 극복을 위한 주요 국가의 친환경 정책이 확대되고 있어서 신재생 에너지 관련 수요는 지속 성장할 것으로 예상하고 있습니다. As ESG grows in importance, major countries are expanding their green policies to tackle climate change. In light with this trend, the demand for new renewable energy is forecasted to grow continuously. 말씀하신 신규 프로젝트 진행 현황은 구체적으로 말씀드리기는 어렵습니다만 당사는 신재생 에너지 사업 관련 생태계 내에서 추가적인 사업 기회가 있는지를 항상 주시하고 있다고 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다. Regarding your question about the progress of new projects, please understand that it is difficult to share specifics. But I'd like to say we are keeping a close watch on additional business opportunities arising in the energy business ecosystem. 예를 들면 홈 공간에서의 효율적 에너지 소비를 위한 최적의 솔루션 제공 방안 등을 저희가 검토하고 있다고 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다. For example, we are reviewing a solution as to how we can offer an optimized solution for efficient power consumption at home. 이상입니다. 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. Next question, please. 현재 질문을 요청하신 분은 없습니다. 질문을 하실 분은 전화기 버튼에 별표와 1번을 눌러주시기 바랍니다. Currently, there are no participants with questions. Please press star 1, star and 1 to give your question. 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 벤쿠버 아메리카의 우동재님입니다. The next question will be presented by 동재우 from 벤쿠버 아메리카. Please go ahead with your question. 다시 질문해 주셔서 감사드립니다. 저는 한 가지 질문인데요. VS 쪽입니다. 지난 몇 개 분기간에 매출을 보면 2조 이만해서 정체됐고 아까 고객사의 부품 부족, 여러 가지 이유를 말씀해 주셨는데요. 큰 그림으로 다시 한번 점검하고 싶은 게 지금 벌써 10월인데 우리 백로그가 60조인지 어느 정도 되는지 다시 한번 리마인드해 주시면 좋을 것 같고요. 언제쯤 좀 더 의미 있는 분기 매출, 즉 2조가 아니라 3조 수준으로 갈 수 있는지 인플렉션 포인트가 언제쯤인지 내년 1분기부터인지 그리고 전체 백로그가 60조라면 그중에 전기차 관련된 게 한 몇 퍼센트 정도로 나타나고 있는지 현황 점검차 한번 설명해 주시면 감사하겠습니다. 네, 고맙습니다. I have one question about the VS business. When we look at the quarterly sales performance of the VS, it's hovering around or under 2 trillion won. And the VS division explained the many reasons, including the component shortage and the disruption on the customer side. And can you again provide a high-level overview about your business situation? And in regards to the order backlog as of October, is it about 60 trillion won? And when can you make a turnaround in profit by the recordings over 2 trillion won and even 3 trillion won in the sales? So I'm wondering when will be the inflection point of a profit and can we expect that it's going to be the third quarter 2022? And also the out of this day backlog is 60 trillion won. So what is the portion of EV-related component business? VS 부분 답변 드리겠습니다. 21년 예상 수주장부는 기존의 커뮤니케이션 한 바와 같이 60조 원을 상회하고 있으며 향후에도 수주장부가 지속 증가할 것으로 기대하고 있습니다. Answering your questions on the order backlog,

발표를 거두고 있습니다. 질문에 대한 답변을 드리겠습니다. 순서대로 질문 드리겠습니다. 현재의 주문은 2021년에 6조 원이 넘게 계속 상승하고 있습니다. 전체적인 잔고 내용은 인포테인먼트가 전체 잔고의 60% 정도를 차지하고 있고, 엘지 마그나의 전기차 부품과 JKW의 램프가 나머지를 구성하고 있습니다. 전기차 시장의 높은 성장 후율을 감안할 때 엘지 마그나 제유를 통한 전기차 부품의 수주 잔고 비중이 더욱 확대될 것으로 예상됩니다. 현재 매출이 정체되고 있는 상태는 아시는 바와 같이 반도체 공급 부족에 따른 자동차 생산량의 축소에 따른 영역이라고 보고 있습니다. 하지만 현재 확보한 건전한 수주 잔고 바탕으로 볼 때 반도체 수급 리스크가 해소되는 시점에는 의미 있는 매출 실현도 가능할 것으로 보고 있습니다. 이상입니다. 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다. 현재 질문을 요청하신 분은 없습니다. 질문을 하실 분은 전화기 버튼에 별표와 1번을 눌러주시기 바랍니다. 현재 질문을 요청하신 분은 없습니다. 질문을 요청하실 때까지 잠시 기다리겠습니다. 다시 한번 현재 질문을 요청하신 분은 없습니다. 질문을 요청하실 때까지 잠시 기다리겠습니다. 네 그럼 이상으로 2021년 3분기 LG전자 실적 발표 컨퍼런스콜을 마치도록 하겠습니다. 이 시간 이후 추가적인 질문이 있으신 분은 저희 LG전자 IR팀으로 연락을 주시면 자세한 설명을 드리도록 하겠습니다. 컨퍼런스에 참석해주셔서 감사합니다. LG전자 3분기 실적 발표 컨퍼런스콜을 마치겠습니다. 추가 질문이 있으신 분은 저희 LG전자 IR팀으로 연락을 주시면 자세한 설명을 드리도록 하겠습니다.

