 Good morning and good afternoon. Thank you for joining Elda Electronics Earnings Release Conference Call for the third quarter of 2021.
 This conference call will start with a presentation on the earnings results
 followed by a Q&A session, at which time, if you wish to ask a question,
 you will need to press star N1 on your telephone.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to the first speaker.
 Good afternoon. My name is Sangbo Shim from Investor Relations.
 Thank you for joining LJ Electronics Earnings Release Conference Call for the third quarter of 2021.
 With me are representatives of business management division of each business, Mr.
 Iguan Kim from Home Appliance and Air Solution.
 Mr. Chung-Yi Lee from Home Entertainment,
 Mr. Joo Young Kim from Vehicle Component Solutions.
 Mr. Chung-Yen Park from Business Solutions.
 We are also joined by Mr. Sang-opak from Corporate Business Management Division,
 Mr. Hyunjir Lee from Finance Division
 and Mr. Hongsu Lee from Accounting Division.
 Please note that all statements we will be making today
 regarding our financial results of the third quarter
 are subject to change in accordance with the results
 of the external review.
 I would also like to remind you that uncertainties in the market
 and changes in strategies may cause our results to be different
 from the outlooks and forward-looking statements made today.
 Today, I will outline the overall performance results of the third quarter of 2021 and the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 After that, each division will take turns to deliver its business results and outlook.
 Now let me start with the consolidated financial results of the third quarter of 2021 and the
 outlook for the fourth quarter.
 Consolidated sales of the third quarter was 18.8 trillion won and operating profit was 540.7 billion won.
 Sales grew 22% year-on-year, driven by increased sales of premium and new appliances in H&A
 and strong cells of OLED TVs in HE.
 Though operating profit was affected by the provision for GM vault recalls, we achieved sound performance in profitability by offsetting the impact from rising costs through steady growth in overseas markets and higher sales proportion of premium products.
 I will now briefly review the third quarter performance of each business.
 H&A recorded 7.1 trillion won in sales, 505.4 billion won in operating profit, and 7.2% in profitability.
 HE recorded 4.2 trillion won in sales, 208.3 billion won in operating profit, and 5% in profitability.
 BS recorded 1.7 trillion won in sales
 and 537.6 billion won in operating loss
 BS recorded $1.7 trillion in sales and $12.3 billion in operating loss.
 Each business will later share its respective business results and outlook in detail.
 Let's move on to the profit and loss and cash flow of the third quarter.
 In terms of profit and loss,
 Reflecting Financial Income and Expense,
 equity massive gain and loss, other non-operating income and expense,
 corporate income tax
 and income and
 loss from discontinued operations, we posted 516.5 billion
 on your net income.
 Next on cash flow, cash flow from operating activities of the third quarter was 568.1 billion
 and cash flow from investment activities was negative $907.3 billion.
 As a result, net cash flow amounted to negative 185.5 billion won.
 and when we're selecting cash flow from financial activities of 630.3 billion won,
 Net change in cash increased by $444.8 billion from the previous quarter.
 after reflecting changes in cash classified
 that's held for sale of negative $11.3 billion.
 cash balance at the end of the third quarter came to stand at 6.6 trillion
 Next is the key financial position and indicators for the third quarter of 2021.
 As of the end of the third quarter,
 our assets stood at 54.6 trillion month liability
 at 34.3 trillion won, and equity at 20.3 trillion won.
 All leverage ratios, liability to equity, debt to equity, and net debt to equity decrease quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year,
 continuing to maintain a healthy financial condition.
 Next is the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 In terms of the macro environment,
 Recovery in the real economy is expected
 on the back of COVID-19 destinations
 and the plan to co-exist with the coronavirus,
 but there are also uncertainties stemming from raw material and component price hikes,
 monetary policy normalization, and the threat of global inflation.
 Amidst this environment, we will focus on expanding sales of premium products
 through differentiated marketing activities
 and respond preemptively to market volatilities
 by continuously improving cost structures
 and proactively managing risk.
 We expect our fourth quarter revenue to grow quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year
 with increased sales of premium appliances and TVs and recovery in the B2B business.
 In terms of profitability, there are risks regarding raw material and logistics costs,
 but we will secure stable profitability through better product mix and efficient spending.
 Now let's move on to the third quarter results and outlooks by business.
 First is H&A.
 Let me share the third quarter results of H&A.
 Sales did at $7.1 trillion with a 15% increase year-on-year, driven by growth in overseas markets such as North America, Europe, and Latin America.
 Despite the upside of revenue growth and marketing cost savings, operating profit decreased
 year-on-year due to increased raw material prices and logistics and labor cost hikes.
 Next is the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 The growth in global demand is projected to slow down,
 but the situation is expected to unfold differently for each region and segment.
 Diversion from raw material price hikes and increased logistics costs are expected to persist.
 Amidst this environment, we will actively enhance sales efforts armed with our strong
 product competitiveness to maintain a double-digit growth in revenue and also increase selling
 price and optimized cost to maintain stable profitability.
 Thank you.
 I will share the third quarter results of HE.
 Sales grew year-on-year thanks to robust product sales of OLED TVs on the back of rising demand for premium products.
 We maintained sound profitability by offsetting the high LCD TV panel price burden
 with effects from increased OLED TV sales
 and efficient resource management.
 Now, let me share the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 In the market, global TV demand is projected to decrease slightly year on year
 as people spend less time at home with the progress in COVID-19 vaccination.
 We expect marketing spending to increase to respond to the intensifying competition in
 competition in the TV market, but we will maintain revenue growth and secure solid profitability
 by improving product mix with a focus on premium products.
 Let me share the third quarter results of ES.
 Despite the decrease of vehicle production in the market due to the supply shortage of automotive semiconductors,
 sales grew year-on-year thanks to increased volumes
 from new projects and revenue growth
 of electric vehicle components.
 Profitability showed a temporary decrease
 as the provision for GM vault recalls was reflected.
 for the fourth quarter outlook,
 With the spread of the COVID-19 Delta variant,
 The supply shortage of auto-semiconductors is expected to persist, leading to a consequent shutdown of major OEM plans.
 this in turn may lead to a decrease in demand
 for vehicle components.
 We expect the continuous supply issue of automotive
 semiconductors and subsequent risk of disruption in auto production to have an impact on profitability,
 the probability of achieving a turnaround in the fourth quarter.
 I will share the third quarter results of B.S.
 Sales grew 14% year-on-year on the back of expanded sales of information display products
 with the recovery in the B2B market and sound revenue growth in IT business.
 Operating profit declined year-on-year due to rising prices of major components such as LCD panels and wafers and the impact from increased global logistics costs.
 Now the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 There are both opportunities and risks in the market, demand for IT products including
 things.
 monitors is expected to remain strong in line with non-face-to-face trends and the B2B market
 is predicted to show a gradual recovery in demand,
 but there may be impact from the semiconductor shortage and increased prices of major components like LCD panels.
 Amidst this environment, we expect sales to grow quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year
 with the seasonality effect in IT business and the recovering demand in the B2B market.
 but improvements in profitability are projected to be limited due to the continuing cost increase
 and intensifying competition.
 We seek to secure momentum in enhancing profitability by improving product mix and strengthening cost competitiveness.
 That brings us to the end of the third quarter earnings release and the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 We will now take questions. Operator, please commence with the Q&A session.
 Now I will start with the answer.
 If you have any questions, please press the button and press the button and press the button.
 .
 and press the button button.
 Now, KNA Season will begin. Please press star and one.
 if you have any questions.
 Questions will be taken according to the order you have pressed, start at number 1.
 For cancellation, please press star and two on your phone.
 The first question will be presented by
 Dongwon Kim from KB Securities. Please go ahead with our question.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 .
 I'd like to pose two questions on HNA.
 First, with a spike in largest cost, I'm wondering about the impact on the
 preferably to level of H&A company and also I'm wondering what will be your
 a corporate strategy
 in response to the logistic disruption
 that is appearing recently.
 My second question is related to H&A as well.
 I'd like to understand the proportion
 of new appliance sales and its trend,
 and can you forecast the new appliances business
 down the road by region.
 Yes, first of all, I would like to ask the question.
 Asimbawa's working on the land of the land of the country's world,
 HNA 본부 사업에 있어서도 수익 성악화에 큰 요인으로 진작용하고 있는 상황입니다.
 Another question on H&A, it was about our corporate response and strategy with respect to logistics destruction.
 As you know, the air and sea transportation costs are heating a record high every day
 and that is hampering the profitability of AT&A company.
 There is a lot of work that has been done in the past.
 .
 According to many research firms, it is forecast that the phenomenon will persist until the first half and even up until the second half of next year.
 and some predict that it will take another one to two years more.
 .
 I'm sorry.
 .
 If we look at its impact on our top-line revenue, it is decreasing our top-line revenue by 2% on a year-on-year basis.
 And in light with this, we are trying to deploy more extra ships in collaboration with global shipping companies
 so that we can minimize its impact on our supply side.
 Also, we are trying to curve the spike of logistics by optimizing our global supply chain.
 treating growth
 to the
 We are going to make tiny decisions and take them into action with speed so that we can
 and minimize the risk on our supply side.
 I'm not sure.
 Recibel
 .
 ...
 .
 so
 ...
 Furthermore, based on a solid partnership with our partnership in companies, we are working on the negotiation to create a win-win operation for both of us.
 and also by leveraging the SDN capability and logistic competitiveness that we have built thus far,
 We are going to put the first priority in meeting our delivery commitment with our customers.
 We will strive to continue to become the leader in the market.
 The next question is about this.
 .
 ...
 .
 So let me take your question on the proportion of new appliance sales.
 I would say that the sales of new appliance
 has been recording a two-digit level growth every year.
 So we are seeing the rise of the proportion
 from 14% in 2018 to around 17% to 18% in 2021.
 in 2021.
 So I will say that the proportion of new appliances still is increasing within H&A company.
 The state at home trend is a very useful thing.
 The health care system is a very useful thing.
 The
 B
 .
 Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, combined with the trend of state-to-state public activities,
 Nowadays, consumers have easier access to product information, and the hygienic and
 And health care functions of our home appliances have become a critical component or part of
 their defense.
 I'm going to look at this.
 This is the world's largest market.
 A lot of these industries are different.
 .
 If we look at a pattern of this sales by region, we see that this is a
 characteristic.
 The pattern is more pronounced in the advanced market, North America and Europe.
 And as the scheme is deeply associated with hygiene and health care, we believe that we
 able to record a high growth with our steam function home appliances such as
 Styler Dryer and Dishwasher.
 is
 .
 I'm going to show you the first time.
 ...
 In the emerging markets, on the other hand, we see the demand for those products to continue
 to go up.
 We are trying to make those products
 featuring hygienic and healthcare functions
 as an essential product for consumers
 by offering those products at a more affordable price range
 to increase up our sales furthermore.
 Also, for the consumer's awareness, we are trying to leverage the successful cases in the Korean market.
 For this end, we are continuing our investment in the brand, and we will try to enhance the brand positioning in the market through these efforts.
 next question please
 The next question will be presented by
 from Tsum Tsong Securities.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Thank you very much.
 Two 가지 질문이 있는데요.
 .
 We will be able to support the network of the powerpoint and the powerpoint and the powerpoint.
 .
 And the second one is H-Bombo.
 QDA, OLG, QDA 채택을 공식화하고 있는데
 .
 Thank you very much.
 .
 Thank you for taking my questions.
 I have two questions. My first question is about the power crisis in China.
 Did power shortage in China cause any damage in divisions of LGE, and if any, how much is the damage?
 My second question is for HE.
 Samsung Electronics officially adopted QD-OLED TVs as the next year's TV line-up.
 What's your position about this move and what impact do you think it will have on LGE's
 WOLF TV business and what will be the competition landscape going forward?
 First of all, I'm going to answer the question.
 .
 ...
 the
 Answering your question on power shortage in China and its impact on production subsidiaries in China,
 We received a request to reduce data and power usage in some locations, including HE division's production subsidiary in Guangdong province from mid-september.
 .
 ...
 Boom, boom.
 ...
 We are responding by converting daytime production to the nighttime without significant disruptions.
 Moreover, in preparation of any war situation, we added self-generation facilities and are
 controlling use of power for non-production purpose based on our
 emergency response plan.
 and the
 program.
 ...
 .
 So I'll answer the question.
 .
 ...
 .
 Regarding the question about the HE, the question was about the launch of the QD OLED TV in next year by Samsung Electronics and the competition, the Outlook.
 and there are of course the concerns about the new product launch with the
 adoption of a QD OLED by the competitor, especially about the intense competition.
 ...
 However, we think there is a positive aspect because it can expand the OLED ecosystem.
 So, I think that the
 ...
 I'm sorry.
 .
 have to then
 ...
 As a response strategy, we want to solidify our image as a leader in OLED TV that we have
 built for the past 10 years and also so we will lead the OLED technology so that
 the customers can experience as intrinsic value such as the picture quality and form factors.
 이를 통해 현재 업계 최고 수준의 제품 라인업을 내년에도 지속 강화하고 고객의 다양한 수요에 접근 대응하면서 앞으로도
 and the
 technology
 And we will continue to maximize our capability as a top OLED TV manufacturer by strengthening
 the premium lineup and the meeting the customer needs
 so that we think we will be able to continue to lead the market.
 이상입니다.
 Next question please.
 Q.
 The next question will be presented by Ji-Seon Kim from Gium Securities.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Q.
 .
 The first one is VS-Serv.
 The third one is the Vs-Serv.
 The second one is the Vs-Serv.
 .
 7
 8
 .
 What is the result of this?
 I'd like to pose two questions. My first question is on VS.
 I'm wondering about the impact of the short supply of automotive semiconductor and especially its impact on your performance.
 If you think the impact was not big, I'd like to understand the reason why.
 My second question is on V.S.
 Recently, we see that there is a fierce competition in the solar module industry due to the emergence
 of the Chinese makers, so I'd like to understand your corporate strategy to enhance your profitability.
 Yes, VHS Department.
 A
 B
 We believe that the risk of the shortage of auto-money
 is not going to be expected.
 Semiconductor is not a temporary phenomenon, but it's likely to proceed for quite some time.
 .
 In particular, due to the supply chain issues in Southeast Asia, rather than by the
 supply chain issues in Southeast Asia, which we are looking at, the supply chain issues
 of COVID-19, the shortage rather deteriorated in the third quarter, and as it is forecast
 to drag on further into the fourth quarter,
 We are keeping a close eye on the market situation.
 .
 ...
 Also, we received some impact due to the shutdown measures of Q1 suppliers and increased
 those.
 automotive component prices however we collaborated with suppliers OEM and we
 We also pulled in some of the automotive semiconductors in fans, and also we applied
 audio sourcing in order to minimize its impact on our supply site.
 네, 이상입니다
 Yes, the question of the
 .
 ...
 .
 Let me take your question on solar business.
 This year, the price of polysilicon on top of the value chain for solar
 module business has increased by fourfold on a year-on-year basis. With a spike on raw
 material prices, the cost level
 deteriorated which hamper the profitability of most of the module makers.
 And as well as you can see, the asset is a high-quality product, high-quality product based on the business model.
 .
 As you know, we've been running our business centering around high output, high efficient products.
 products. We will be leveraging our LG brand and global sales capability also
 through our development capability for high-efficiency, high-output products.
 We will continue to extend sales opportunities in the residential market and advanced countries
 showing a clear preference for high-output products.
 At the same time, we will strive to raise profitability
 by improving cost level and output of our product.
 We'll move on to the next question, please.
 The next question will be presented by S.K. Kim from Daiwa Capital Market. Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, thank you very much.
 .
 Vs 쪽에 두 가지 질문이 있습니다.
 First of all, the company has a lot of demand for the market market.
 I think it's going to be a big issue, and I think it's going to be a big issue.
 Yes, sir.
 .
 4분기에도
 Turnaround is difficult to look at the end of the year.
 The next time we can turn around the stage,
 So, I'd like to thank you for your opinion.
 The second one is the GMVOLT-충강론.
 You mentioned recently,
 I don't think it's a big deal, but I think it's a big deal.
 including the
 in the form of software
 ...
 .
 and then the other side of the economy, which is the same thing
 Thank you.
 up. Thank you for the opportunity to speak. I have two questions and the both goes to the VF
 division. And the first one is about the VSS automotive electronics business. The market
 expectations have been so high about the automotive electronics business of the
 However, the evolved material costs are increasing,
 and there has been a shortage of semiconductors.
 the worst name.
 the outlooks for the performance of the VS division. And the semiconductor issue will
 continue and will continue until the fourth quarter and so raising the concern about the
 to turn around the target of the VS.
 So what's your outlook for the performance
 and what's your opinion about the current situation.
 My second question is about the provision
 for the recalls of cost.
 According to the disclosure, the provision has been set aside for the recalled cost.
 However, the provision amount seems greater
 than the actual needs.
 Also, is there a possibility that you will reverse the provision later?
 Yes, Vs4, I will give you a question.
 the
 ...
 10%가량 감소될 것으로 예상됩니다.
 So answering the question about the business outlook,
 and then the production of the OEM's complete car is expected to decline by 10%.
 .
 the
 We have been responding to the situation.
 However, it was an unavoidable situation because it was the impact on the production destruction
 at the top tier one, the vendors and OEM side.
 Yeah, VSPHA 폭자 전환과 관련하여
 .
 in the beginning of the year, and at the end of the year,
 In regards to the profit turnaround of the DS business next year, the risk of automotive
 companies.
 demand reduction is expected to continue until the first quarter of the next year or even
 the second quarter of next year.
 아직은 글로벌 완성차 시정의 불확실성이 여전히 남아있는 상태이지만
 당사는 완성차 업체와의 긴밀한 업무협조 및 다원화된 공급망 확보를 통해 매출 차지를 최소화할 예정이며
 ...
 .
 The authorities still remain in the global automotive market, but we will minimize sales
 disruptions through close cooperation with OEM and the diversified supply chain.
 Moreover, in terms of profitability, we will make concerted efforts to achieve meaningful outcome in 2022
 by focusing on improving the profit-and-law structure through continued cost-saving activities.
 The second question is to answer your question.
 Answering your question on the possibility of the recall, the provision, the reversal.
 GM is 2016-2021 year in the past.
 GM is a plan to recall about 140,000 Volts EZs manufactured and sold from 2016 to the
 The total amount of
 provision was calculated using the most reasonable
 vaccination based on the recall method agreed between the three companies and what has been
 identified so far.
 ma
 .
 In addition, LGE and LGCHEM evenly split the recall costs to book the provisions expenses, and the final cost sharing ratio will be later decided depending on the liabilities of LGE and LGCHEM.
 따라서 기 설정된 충당금액 환입 가능성에 대해서는 가정을
 So please understand that it's difficult to tell you about the possibility of the
 reversal of the preset provision just based on the assumptions.
 Yes, it's all right.
 Yes, next question please.
 We will take next question please.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 DB금융투자의 권성률님입니다.
 The next question will be presented by Sung Yul-Kwon from D.D. Financial Investments.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Ah, yes, thank you.
 The first question is H-BOMB two of you to ask questions.
 I think it's good for the old LED TV.
 So, this is going to be more than 400 million people in the future.
 I'm going to look at the 21st century,
 already tv
 how to do this is a bit of a question.
 If you have a
 .
 OLED TV 매출 비중은 어느 정도까지 될 수 있는지가
 The first question is the first question.
 The second one is the LCD panel価格
 is very strong.
 like this
 already tv
 than
 LCD TV 가격 경쟁력이 회복되면서
 OLED TV 매출에나 수익성에도 영향을 줄 수 있다고 보는데
 What is the impact of this type of impact?
 I have two questions.
 both questions are on HE. First, this year you've recorded such a solid performance with your TV
 products I think that with this performance you'll be able to achieve 4
 million units of sales this year so i'm wondering how you forecast this year 2021 and next year in
 This is our session.
 We'll be right back.
 of old way TVs.
 If you meet the target of sales,
 wondering what will be the proportion of OLED TV sales
 out of the total TV revenue.
 My second question is also on AT.
 we see the price level of LCD TVs is going down very rapidly.
 I think compared to OLED TV, with this price decrease, the LCD TV will be able to recover
 is price competitiveness in the market.
 I'm wondering about the impact of this trend on the sales and profitability of your OLED
 Thank you.
 Can you share your corporate opinion on this?
 Okay.
 It's the first time on OLED TV
 Yes, I will answer the question.
 I will answer the question.
 .
 S.B.
 Let me take your first question on HE, in particular regarding the forecast of OLED TV sales.
 So looking at the performance of OLEN TV sales in the third quarter of this year, we are
 meeting the plan for OLED TV sales 100%.
 다만, 4분기 글로벌 경제 불확실성과 위드 코로나로 인해 TB 수요 감소 리스크는 있습니다.
 However, looking into the fourth quarter, there is a concern or the risk of the slowdown of TB demand globally
 because of the uncertainty in the global economy
 and expansion of living with COVID-19 scheme.
 However, we think that there will be no difficulty in
 learning.
 achieving our target of meeting 4 million units of sales
 that we set up early this year,
 which is the double the target of the previous year.
 growing 24% of growth on a year-on-year basis.
 22년도 OLED TV
 판매 목표와 관련해서는
 .
 Regarding the target for the next year with our OLED TV, we haven't finalized our target
 yet and we are working on the planning and simulation to set up the target for
 the next year.
 하지만 TV 세트 및 패널 시장 환경 및 고객 수요 변화를 명밀히 분석해보면
 premium in terms of the stock market.
 OLED TV's
 추가적으로
 However, if we do a closed analysis on the TB market trends, both for TB steps and
 bandwidth.
 and consumer needs.
 I'll be forecast that the demand for premium products will continue to go up.
 In line with this, we're going to continue to increase the proportion of our OLED TV sales down the road.
 The second question I will give you a question.
 LCD panel 가격이 하락함에 따라서
 OLEDs are 어쩌게 매출 및 수익성에 부담이 되는지에 대한 질문이었습니다.
 I'll take your second question. It was on the impact of decrease of LCD TV prices on the profitability and top line revenue of OLED TV.
 .
 mini LED TV를 중심으로
 ...
 Based on our understanding on the market dynamics,
 We understand that the competitor has given a price discount mainly to the mini OLED TV
 하지만 중국의 패널 제조사가 주도하고 있는 lcd 공급망 현황과
 .
 ...
 However, looking at various external factors, such as the LCD panel supply led by the Chinese
 panel.
 Thank you.
 a short supply of semiconductor components
 and increase in logistics costs.
 We believe that it won't be easy to give
 that much price discount to the LCD TV.
 So, this is the case.
 ...
 .
 I hope that there will be some impact on the
 demand of OLED TV because of this limited price discount of LCD TVs. However, we can
 and make use of this trend of increasing demand
 for premium products, especially over TVs.
 and the strength that OLED TV can bring about,
 bring about.
 I believe that we will be able to maintain
 This is solid.
 top-line revenue and profitability for the next year.
 .
 KBS의 니콜라 구두아입니다.
 The next question will be presented by Nicola Godwa from UBS.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, good afternoon.
 And thanks for taking my questions.
 Going back to semi-supply constraints, you talked about automotive,
 But what has been the overall impact across all of your businesses?
 how are you managing this
 Has it gotten better or worse as well for the course of 2021?
 on.
 and
 what has been the impact on revenues and margins.
 And so that's both revenues and margins.
 India, not just revenues.
 And, secondly, on appliances, you also talked about the impact of logistic costs going up.
 but what has been the impact on
 of material price increases on appliances margins in the last quarter in Q321.
 And what could we expect to see going forward?
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 is this
 ...
 .
 ...
 .
 ...
 Thank you very much.
 So, we're going to take a look at this.
 ...
 Here we go.
 .
 It is also a good thing that I have to think about is that
 Thank you very much.
 먼저 반도체에 대해서는 전반적으로 설명을 드리면
 ...
 and then we'll talk about it on the TV side and talk about it.
 Regarding the semiconductor shortage issue, my answer can be divided into the TV business and the automotive component business.
 First of all, I'd like to tell you about the fact that the market is the most important part of the market.
 .
 the impact of the current tax.
 Thank you.
 .
 But the tier 1, the supply chain is a lot of bad news.
 I think this question has raised a concern mainly about the automotive semiconductor shortage.
 in sourcing the Senate conductors are required
 for our product.
 you don't have significant issues,
 except for some impact on the price increase.
 However, as other tier one vendors
 Thank you.
 Semiconductor shortage and problems in supplying components has resulted in intermittent production
 disruptions in major OEMs.
 So, if you have any questions about this,
 .
 And there is a lot of influence in Japan.
 L전자 같은 경우에는 고객사의 수준 물량을 적게 대응할 수 있는
 ...
 Thank you very much.
 .
 Thank you.
 so we can achieve a better goal.
 Thank you very much.
 As for the impact on our performance,
 we have been affected to some degree
 by the supply disruption of OEM
 because our demand on our side has decreased.
 And also, there have been some price hikes of a component.
 However, our diversified supply chain
 management system enables us to fulfill customer orders on time so therefore so
 once this issue is resolved,
 because we are ready to fulfill customers' orders
 in their prompt manner,
 we anticipate that we can achieve more meaningful growth
 round the road
 and TV
 the
 which they use their products,
 and also sell their products.
 ...
 Thank you very much.
 .
 As for the TV business, as a market leader in the industry, so we have a procuring power
 and deep trust in partnership with suppliers.
 So with that, we have been managing an appropriate level of inventory, and by doing so, we have
 minimize the impact on our business by securing the DDIC and SOC and other components.
 HNA 답변 드리겠습니다.
 .
 3.5 years.
 .
 years.
 As for the
 and there's an impact on the H&As of business in 2021,
 2021, we will say that the impact on our annual sale for this year will be 2.5% to 3% and
 These estimations include the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 Our major aromatorials such as steel, the resin, and the copper have seen a price increase
 on every quarter and this trend will continue
 even in the fourth quarter.
 So for H&A's business, it is a serving
 is a factor's worsening our profitability outlook.
 22년에도 수요 공급 불균형에 따른 원자재 가격은 지속 상승될 것으로 예상하고 있고, 특히 철강, 스틸 가격 상승이 가파를 것으로 예상하고 있습니다.
 Again, in 2021, the raw material supply and demand imbalance will continue, and also we
 expect that especially the still price will increase steeply.
 .
 Under these circumstances, along with globally integrated
 negotiation.
 We are minimizing need for raising product prices by fostering the key makers in each
 region adopting diversified sourcing and they optimize SEN and many other activities.
 ...
 .
 In addition, as macroeconomic factors and external factors, especially China, that have
 suddenly increased, we are focusing our organizational capabilities on proactively responding to current
 processes.
 price height.
 and offsetting risk from unstable supply
 through timely inter-regional sourcing
 and the price forecasting
 Next question, please.
 Next question please.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 Bank of America의 우동재님입니다.
 The next question will be presented by Dong Jae-woo from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, thank you for your question.
 I want to ask you a question.
 We've seen a lot of changes in the past few years.
 .
 .
 If there was a pattern that can be repeated in the past,
 if there was a risk that could be a risk,
 it is not already been tested.
 If it is good for the past,
 it will be better for the past.
 .
 I can't believe that this is a business model.
 the
 .
 Thank you very much.
 .
 ESG다.
 .
 renewable energy 쪽 관련된 새로운 비즈니스 전략이나
 I'd like to pose two questions.
 My first question is on
 and HNA and HE, if you look at the operating income
 If you look at the operating income on a quarterly basis, you used to show a great fluctuation
 for many, many years so far in terms of TV
 and home-employed businesses.
 However, looking at the fourth quarter, the performance of the fourth quarter is decreasing more slowly than what has been happening in the past.
 Can you explain the reason why behind this phenomenon?
 And also, I'm wondering if there will be any risk of showing a high performance, solid
 performance in the first half and then showing a decrease of the performance
 the second half once again like the past or you have already established a
 a staple.
 models.
 with TV and H&A products showing even performances
 between first half and the latter half.
 And my second question is on BS.
 Recently, many agencies or governments
 are announcing their ESG or emission related policies.
 As you have already explained about your solar business,
 I'm wondering, and I'd like to understand the overall progress of your renewable energy
 business-related strategy and ongoing project
 in line with this trend.
 Q. First, H&A...
 I will give you a little bit,
 so that
 .
 6, 4.
 It's a little bit of a difference.
 like this.
 the trend for the past 4 years including
 in 2021, especially looking at the two years,
 2018 and 2019 the profile width ratio was around seven to three between first
 half and the second half. Maybe it's driven by the pent-up impact caused by the COVID-19
 For the past two years, recent two years, 2020 and 2021, the performance was around
 six to four first half and second half so we are seeing a gradual improvement of
 of profitability in the second half.
 the
 ...
 .
 so
 .
 as you are already aware most of the
 Most of the promotional seasons, including the United States, are concentrated in the
 second half or in particular fourth quarter which is driving us off the cost of that period and also
 So we are impacted by the seasonality
 related to the AC business.
 So that's the reason why we have the structure of showing a lower profitability in the second half compared to that of the first half.
 .
 that they will bring the work through their work and work.
 .
 Of course, there were some impacts coming from the pent-up demand in improving our performance
 in the second half for the past two years.
 However, we internally made continuous efforts
 to improve the profitability in the second half,
 and also we strive to execute our expenses
 in a more efficient manner.
 I think it's a pattern that we can't fix the pattern.
 .
 This is the case.
 As of yet, we couldn't overcome this pattern of showing a lower performance in the second half fully.
 However, compared to the past, we're able to make a gradual small but important improvement showing better performance in the second half.
 So, with this gradual improvement, I believe that this pattern of showing a lower peripheral
 avoiding the second half,
 We will continue to persist for the time being.
 .
 Thank you.
 Let me take your question regarding new renewable energy.
 .
 ...
 As ESG grows in importance, major countries are expanding their green policies to tackle climate change.
 In light-wind this trend, the demand for new renewable energy is forecast to grow continuously.
 .
 Regarding your question about the progress of new projects, please understand that it is
 it's difficult to share specifics,
 but I'd like to say we're keeping a close watch
 on additional business opportunities
 arising in the energy business ecosystem.
 예를 들면, home 공간에서의 효율적 에너지 소비를 위한 최적의 솔루션 제공 방안 등을 저희가 검토하고 있다고 말씀드릴 수 있겠습니다.
 For example, we are reviewing a solution as to how we can offer an optimized solution for efficient power consumption at home.
 이상입니다.
 네, 다음 질문 부탁드리겠습니다.
 Next question please.
 현재 질문을 요청하신 분은 없습니다.
 If you ask questions, please press the button and press the button and press the button.
 Currently, there are no participants with questions.
 Please press start one, start, and want to give your question.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 Bank of America의 우동재님입니다.
 The next question will be presented by Dong Jae-woo from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Thank you very much.
 I have a question about the VX side of the year.
 I've been looking for a few months,
 It's been a long time ago, and I've been asking you about the cost of the company.
 I'd like to see a big picture of a big picture.
 I think it's already about 10th of June.
 The backlog of UQIP has been coming to the next time.
 I think it will be better for you.
 Oh, I'm just going to be
 .
 Inflation Point
 I'll see you next time.
 and the backlogs are 60%
 It will be a few percent.
 .
 and then you can see it.
 I'll show you a little bit more.
 I have one question about the VS business.
 check base, the quarterly sales performance of the VES,
 but it's hovering around or under 2 trillion one.
 and the VIAF division explained the many of the reasons,
 including the component of the shortage
 and the disruption on the customer side.
 and that can you, is that again,
 provided.
 a high-level overview about your business situation.
 and as in regards to the order backlog as of October is it about 60 trillion
 And when can you make the turnaround in process,
 in prospect the buyer's recordings over 2 trillion won and even 3 trillion won in the sales so I'm
 I'm wondering, so when will be the infection point
 of a profit and is it, can we expect that it's going to be
 the third quarter, 2022.
 and also the out of if the backlog is 60 trillion won.
 So what is the portion of our EEV's related component business?
 Yes.
 21년 예상 수주 잔고는 기존의 커뮤니케이션 한 바와 같이 60조 원을 상해하고 있으며, 향후에도 수주 잔고가 지속 증가할 것으로 기대하고 있습니다.
 Answering your questions on the order backlog, as we communicated, the order backlog of 2021 is over 6 trillion won, and it is continuously rising.
 The importation of the company's stock market is 60% of the company's stock market.
 all the backlogs, the infotainment accounts for 60% and the remaining part is LG, the
 the Magna-related EV component and the ZKW LEMP products.
 the business will increase with the LGMAX LJD participation.
 As you mentioned, the sales have been stagnant because the semiconductor shortage caused by
 the disruption in the OEM plant.
 .
 However, when we see the trend of order backlog, once this semiconductor issue is resolved,
 we can say that we can start to achieve the trend of order backlog, once this semi-conductor
 can start to achieve a meaningful outcome.
 이상입니다
 Next question please.
 Currently, there is no question.
 If you have any questions, please press the button and press the button and press the button.
 Currently, there are no participants with questions.
 Please press start one, start and one to give your question.
 더 이상 질문 없으십니까?
 .
 Once again, currently there are no participants with questions.
 We will wait for a second until there is another question.
 .
 Thank you so much for joining us on the 2021 3rd of the LG전자 conference conference.
 If you have any questions, you can contact us with the LG전자 IR team.
 Thank you so much for joining us.
 That brings us to the end of LG Electronics earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2021.
 For further questions, please contact the RN team.
 Thank you for your participation.