 Good morning and good afternoon.
 Thank you for joining LD Electronics' earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2021.
 This conference call will start with a presentation
 on the earnings results followed by a Q&A session at which time,
 If you wish to ask a question,
 you will need to press star N1 on your telephone.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to the first speaker.
 Good afternoon, my name is Hanboshim from Investor Relations.
 Thank you for joining LD Electronics Earnings Release Conference Call for the third quarter of 2021.
 With me are representatives of Business Management Division of Each Business, Mr. Egon Kim from Home Appliance and Air Solution.
 Mr. Tony Lee from Home Entertainment.
 Mr. Chuyong Kim from Vehicle Component Solutions, Mr. Chuyong Park from Business Solutions.
 We are also joined by Mr. Samotak from Corporate Business Management Division, Mr. Hyeongi Lee
 from Finance Division and Mr. Himu Lee from Accounting Division.
 Please note that all statements we will be making today regarding our financial results
 of the third quarter are subject to change in accordance
 with the results of the external review.
 I would also like to remind you that uncertainties in the market and changes in strategies may
 caused our results to be different from the outlooks and forward-looking statements we
 Today, I will outline the overall performance results
 of the third quarter of 2021 and the outlook for the fourth quarter. After that, each division
 will take turns to deliver its business results and outlook.
 Now, let me start with the consolidated financial results of the third quarter of 2021 and the
 and the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 Consolidated sales of the third quarter was 18.8 trillion won, and operating profit was 540.7 billion won.
 Sales grew 22% year-on-year, driven by increased sales of premium and new appliances in H&A,
 and strong cells of OLED TVs in HE.
 So operating profit was affected by the provision for GM bolt recalls.
 We achieve sound performance and profitability by offsetting the impact from rising costs
 through steady growth in overseas markets
 and higher sales proportion of premium products.
 I will now briefly review the third quarter performance of each business.
 HNA recorded 7.1 trillion monion sales, 505.4 billion
 one in operating profit and 7.2% in profitability.
 H.E. recorded 4.2 trillion won in sales, 208.3 billion won in operating profits, and
 5% in profitability.
 BS recorded 1.7 trillion won in sales and 537.6 billion won in operating loss.
 BS recorded 1.7 trillion London sales and 12.3 billion London operating loss.
 Each business will later share its respective business
 results and outlook in detail.
 Let's move on to the profit and loss and cash flow of the third quarter.
 In terms of profit and loss, reflecting financial income and expense,
 equity massive gain and loss, other non-operating income
 an expense, corporate income tax, and income and loss
 from discontinued operations, we posted 516.5 billion won
 that income.
 Next, on Cashflow.
 Cash flow from operating activities of the third quarter was 568.1 billion won and cash
 net cash flow from investment activities was negative 907.3 billion won.
 As a result, net cash flow amounted to negative 185.5 billion won, and when we're collecting
 Cash flow from financial activities of 630.3 billion won, net change in cash increased
 by 444.8 billion won from the previous quarter.
 After reflecting changes in cash classified,
 that has helped ourselves with negative 11.3 billion won.
 cash balance at the end of the third quarter came to stand at $6.6 trillion once.
 Next is the key financial position
 and indicators for the third quarter of 2021.
 As of the end of the third quarter, our assets stood at 54.6 trillion won liability at 34.3 trillion won and equity at 20.3 trillion won.
 All leverage ratios, liabilities to equity, step-to-equity, and net-step-to-equity,
 increased quarter on quarter and year on year continuing to maintain a healthy financial
 condition.
 Next is the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 In terms of the macro environment, recovery in the real economy is expected on the back
 the back of COVID-19 vaccinations and the plan to coexist with the coronavirus, but there
 There are also uncertainties stemming from raw material and component price hikes, monetary
 policy normalization, and the threat of global inflation.
 Amidst this environment, we will focus on expanding sales of premium products through
 with differentiated marketing activities
 and respond preemptively to market volatility
 by continuously improving cost structures
 and proactively managing risk.
 We expect our fourth quarter revenues
 to grow quarter on quarter and year on year
 with increased sales of premium appliances and TVs,
 and recovery in the B2B business.
 In terms of profitability, there are risks
 regarding raw material and logistics costs,
 but we will secure a stable profitability
 through better product mix and efficient spending.
 Now let's move on to the third quarter results and outlooks by business.
 First is H&E.
 Let me share the third quarter results of HMA sales did at 7.1 trillion won
 with a 15 percent increase year on year, driven by growth in overseas markets such as North America,
 Europe and Latin America.
 Despite the upside of revenue growth and marketing cost savings, operating profits decreased
 year on year due to increased raw material prices and logistics and labor cost hikes.
 Next is the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 The growth in global demand is projected to slow down, but the situation is expected to
 to unfold differently for each region and segment.
 The burden from raw material price hikes and increased logistics costs are expected to
 A misdaced environment with a lot of people,
 will actively enhance sales efforts aren't with our strong product competitiveness to
 to maintain a double digit growth in revenue.
 also increase selling price and optimize cost
 to maintain stable profitability.
 I will share the third quarter results of HE.
 Sales grew year on year.
 thanks to robust product sales of OLED TVs on the back of rising demand for premium products.
 We maintained sound profitability by offsetting the high LCD TV panel price burden
 with effects from increased OLED TV sales and efficient resource management.
 Now let me share the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 In the market, global TV demand is projected to decrease slightly year-on-year as people
 spend less time at home with the progress in COVID-19 vaccination.
 We expect marketing spending to increase to respond to the intensifying competition in
 in the TV market, but we will maintain revenue growth
 and secure solid profitability by improving product mix
 with a focus on premium products.
 Let me share the third quarter results of the S.
 Despite the decrease of vehicle production in the market due to the supply shortage of automotive semiconductors,
 Sales grew year on year, thanks to increased volumes from new projects and revenue growth
 self-electric vehicle components.
 Profitability showed that temporary decrease as the provision for GM vault recalls was reflected.
 For the fourth quarter outlook, with the spread of the COVID-19 Delta variant,
 The supply shortage of auto semiconductors is expected to persist, leading to a consequent
 shutdowns of major OEM plants.
 this in turn may lead to a decreasing demand for vehicle components.
 We expect the continued supply issue of automotive semiconductors and subsequent risk of disruption
 in auto productions to have an impact on profitability, lowering the probability of
 choosing to turn around in the fourth quarter.
 I will share the third quarter results of BS.
 Cells grew 14% year on year on the back of expanded sales of information display products
 with the recovery in the B2B market and sound revenue growth in IT business.
 Operating profit declined year on year due to rising prices
 rising prices of major components, such as LCD panels and wafers, and the impact from
 increased global logistics costs.
 Now the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 There are both opportunities and risks in the market, demand for IT products, including
 gaming monitors is expected to remain strong in line with non-face-to-face trends and the
 the B2B market is projected to show a gradual recovery
 demand, but there may be impact from the semiconductor shortage and increased prices of major components
 like LCD panels.
 Amidst this environment, we expect sales to grow quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year
 with the seasonality effect in IT business
 and the recovering demand in the B2B market.
 The improvements in profitability are presented to be limited due to the continuing cost increase
 and intensifying competition.
 We seek to secure momentum in enhancing profitability.
 by improving product mix
 and strengthening cost competitiveness.
 That brings us to the end of the third quarter,
 learnings release and the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 We'll now take questions.
 Please comment with the Q&A session.
 Let's start with the Q&A.
 If you have any questions, please press the bell button and press number 1.
 Now, KNA session will begin, please press start and 1 if you have any questions.
 Questions will be taken according to the order you have pressed, start at number 1.
 For cancellation, please press star and two on your phone.
 The first question is from Kim Dong Won from KB.
 The first question will be presented by Dong Won-gyum from KB Securities.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, thank you for the question.
 I have two questions for HNA.
 First of all, there is a water level increase in the water level.
 I would like to ask you to tell us more about the development of water resources and the increase in the cost of water.
 Ah, the next one is Sin-ga-jeon-nae-chul-bi-joong-chui-wa.
 I would like to ask for your opinion on the growth of the region.
 I'd like to pose two questions on HNA.
 First, with a spike in logistic costs,
 I'm wondering about the impact on the prefabricated level
 of H&N Company.
 And also, I'm wondering what will be your corporate strategy
 in response to the logistic disruption that is appearing
 recently. My second question is related to 18
 as well.
 I'd like to understand the proportion of new appliance fields and its trend and can you
 forecast the new appliances business down the road by region by region.
 Yes, first of all, I would like to talk to you about the U.S. military strategy.
 Asimba's position is the chairman of the board of directors,
 There was a question on HNA.
 It was about our corporate response and strategy.
 with respect to logistic disruption.
 As you know, the air and sea transportation costs
 are heating a record high every day,
 and that is hampering the profitability of HNA company.
 According to many research firms, it is forecast that the phenomenon will persist until the
 first half, and even up until the second half of next year, and some predict that it will
 take another one to two years more.
 In terms of the number of times per year, there is an impact of about 2% per year compared to last year.
 The National Geographic Agency has launched an emergency search
 We are preparing for the launch of the air-to-air vehicle through the ImSY-SUNBAK input.
 If B let's get its impact on our top-line revenue, it is decreasing our top-line revenue by 2% on a year-on-year basis.
 And in light with this, we are trying to deploy more extra ships in collaboration with global shipping companies.
 so that we can minimize its impact on our supply site.
 Also, we are trying to curve the spike of logistic cost
 by optimizing our global supply chain.
 Yes, 22 years ago, with the warning of the global supply chain and the wetland network,
 I would like to thank all of you who participated in the event.
 I would like to thank you for your participation in the event.
 In 2022 as well, based on a solid supply chain and logistic network, we are going to make
 timely decisions and take them into action with speed so that we can minimize the risk
 on our surprise site.
 All the, uh,
 could have been sent out of the government
 I don't know what you're talking about.
 With our partnership in companies, we are working on the negotiation to create a win-win
 operation for both of us, and also by leveraging the SDNJ
 and logistic competitiveness that we have built thus far.
 We are going to put the first priority in meeting our delivery commitment with our customers.
 we will strive to continue to become the leader in the market.
 Next, I would like to talk a little bit about the new process.
 The new year is growing more than two places every year.
 In 2018, the average of sales was 14% to 17% to 18% in 2021.
 So let me take your question on the proportion of new appliance sales.
 I would say that the sales of new appliance has been recording a two-digit level growth
 every year.
 So we are seeing the rise of the proportion from 14%
 in 2018 to around 17% to 18% into 2021.
 So I will say that the proportion of new appliances still is increasing within H&A companies.
 In the COVID-19 situation, stay-at-the-home trend has been blocked,
 The information about the product has become very useful.
 The cost-effectiveness of the product's hygiene and health-related functions
 Hello.
 Thank you.
 Of course, thank you.
 Thank you.
 The COVID-19 pandemic combined with the trend of state-to-state dormant activities now are
 consumers that have easier access to product information.
 And the hygiene and healthcare functions of our home appliances have become a critical component or part of their decision-making.
 If you take a look at the region, you can clearly see that it is at the Seonjin market, like the U.S. and the U.S.
 The chicken that has the image of a healthy person's health,
 If we look at the pattern of this sales by region, we see that this pattern is more pronounced
 in the U.S. land market, North American Europe,
 and as the team is deeply associated
 with hygiene and health care,
 we believed that we were able to record a high growth
 with our steam function, home appliances, such as styler,
 dryer and dishwasher.
 In the growth market, it is said that the demand for low-cost zones is increasing relatively.
 In order to improve the health and safety of the company,
 In addition to increasing the price of the customer's products and increasing the number of customers,
 In order to transfer the food to the Korean market successfully,
 In the emerging markets, on the other hand, we see the demand for those products to continue to go up.
 We are trying to make those products which are hygienic and health care functions as
 as an essential product for consumers
 by offering those products at a more affordable price range
 to increase up our sales furthermore.
 So also for the consumer's awareness,
 We are trying to leverage the successful cases in the Korean market, but for this end we
 continuing our investment in the brand and we will try to enhance the brand
 in the market through these efforts.
 Next question, please.
 Next person who wants to ask a question is Lee Jong-ook from Samsung Institute of Justice.
 The next question will be presented by Jong-ook Lee from Samsung Security.
 I'm going to show you the QDOLG TV system of the TVG lineup next year.
 I would like to ask you about the details of the project.
 Thank you for taking my questions.
 I have two questions.
 My first question is about the power crisis in China.
 It powers shortage in China,
 cause Anthony damage in divisions of LGE,
 And if any, how much is the damage?
 My second question is for H.E.
 Samsung Electronics officially adopted QD OLED TVs
 as the next year's TV lineup.
 What's your position about this move?
 And what impact do you think it will have on LGE's
 How will you all activate business and what will be the competition landscape going forward?
 Yes, first of all, I would like to answer the question about China's strategy.
 The only way is to keep the sea water you use weekly at the area where the waste is used,
 answering your question on power shortage in China and its impact on production subsidiaries
 in China, we receive the request to reduce data and power usage in some locations, including
 H.E. Division's production subsidiary in Hwangdong Province from mid-September.
 And we are currently in the process of establishing the development plan for additional costs,
 and we are currently in the process of establishing the development plan for additional costs,
 We are responding by converting daytime production to the nighttime
 without significant instructions.
 Moreover, in preparation of any worst situation,
 We add it.
 self-generation facilities, and our controlling use of power
 for non-production purpose based on our emergency response plan.
 And now we have the local information.
 And now we're going to go to the power plant.
 We have confirmed that we will be able to provide the control plan in advance through the participation of Kim Il-hwan.
 And when the power supply changes, we monitor it at any time.
 We are currently operating in the Hwanzhyeok area.
 In addition, in close consultation with local governments and energy authorities, we have
 to make sure that we have a clear understanding of what is going on in the region and in the
 secured an information-sharing system to no power-control plans in advance, and we are
 constantly monitoring any change in power supply status based on the preemptive response system.
 .
 QD 올레더 라이넴에 대한 방사의 영향이 돼서 질문하셨는데요.
 QD OLED will be released in the middle of the competition.
 Ah, a new one, in the form of Kim Jae-in.
 On regarding the question about the HE, the question was about the launch of a 2D OLED TV
 in next year by Samsung Electronics and the competition that outweighs.
 And there are, of course, the concerns about the new product launch with the adoption of
 to the OLED by the competitor, especially about the intense competition.
 On the other hand, the positive side is that there is also a positive element in some market,
 a positive factor in some of the markets.
 However, we think there is a positive aspect because it can expand the OLED ecosystem.
 Thank you for your time.
 That's all.
 Of course, the basic formation strategy of the party is already
 from the beginning of the market to the end of 10 years,
 and the image of the original TV.
 So as a response strategy,
 So as a response strategy, we want to solidify our image as a leader in OLED TV
 that we have built for the past 10 years.
 And also, so we will leave the older technology
 so that the customers can experience as intrinsic values,
 such as a picture quality and boom factors.
 Through this, the product line-up, which is currently at the highest level in the world,
 This year, we will continue to strengthen and adapt to the number of customers,
 And we will continue to maximize our capability as a top OLED TV manufacturer by strengthening
 the premium lineup and the meeting the customer needs so that we think we will be able to
 continue to lead the market.
 That's all for today.
 Thank you.
 Next.
 Next question, please.
 The next question will be presented by Disan Kim from Kiyom Securities.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Thank you for your question.
 I have two questions.
 First of all, it is a VS business.
 I wonder how much the impact on the supply issue of the love-based semiconductor is.
 If it didn't have a big impact, I'm curious about the reason for that.
 The second one is BSWD.
 Recently, the price of Chinese products and prices are getting worse due to the Taekwondo model business.
 I would like to pose two questions.
 My first question is on a VES.
 I'm wondering about the impact of the short supply of automotives in my conductor,
 and especially its impact on your performance.
 If you think the impact was not big, I'd like to understand the reason why.
 My second question is on BS.
 Recently, we see that there is a fierce competition in the solar module industry due to the emergence
 of the Chinese sneakers.
 So I'd like to understand your corporate strategy
 to enhance your profitability.
 Yes, I will answer your question.
 We believe that the risk of the shortage of auto bonnet semiconductor is not a temporary
 phenomenon.
 but it's likely to proceed for quite some time.
 In particular, the semiconductor situation, which was expected to be delayed due to the COVID-19 situation in South Korea,
 and the third quarter is more serious.
 The fourth quarter will continue to be planned.
 Currently, there are 6 types of cases related to COVID-19.
 In particular, you do the supply chain issues in South East Asia,
 spread and by the resurgence of COVID-19.
 the short take rather deteriorated in the third quarter.
 And as it is focused to drag on further into the fourth quarter,
 We are keeping a close eye on the market situation.
 Thank you very much for all the support you have given me.
 Also, we received some impact due to the shutdown measures of Q1 suppliers and increase of automotive
 component prices. However, we collaborated with the flyers OEM and we also pulled in some
 of the automotive semiconductors in fans and also we applied your sourcing in order to
 minimize its impact on our supply site.
 All right.
 Yes.
 This year, the lowest price of polysilicon, which is the highest in the solar module,
 and the total cost of the previous year is 4 times the maximum,
 Due to the increase in the original price, the price has been reduced a lot,
 Let me take your question on solar business.
 This year, the price of polysilicon on top of the value chain for solar multi-business has increased by four-fold on a year-on-year basis.
 With a spike on raw material prices, the cost level deteriorated, which hampered the profitability of most of the module makers.
 And as you know, the company has run the company based on high-performance products.
 The assets are the L.C. brand and the retail volume of the global market that we have strong points for.
 And through the influence of high-end and high-end product development,
 We have a high preference for high-end products, such as the Seonjin-gu and the Gajeongryong market.
 I would like to improve the efficiency through the principle and output.
 As you know, we've been running our business,
 entering around high-output, high-efficient products.
 we will be leveraging our LG brand
 and global sales capability.
 Also, through our development capability
 for high efficiency, high output products,
 we will continue to extend sales opportunities
 in the residential market in advanced countries.
 doing a clear preference for high-output products.
 At the same time, we will strive to raise profitability
 by improving cost level and output of our product.
 We'll move on to the next question, please.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 다이와 승권의 김성균입니다.
 The next question will be presented by SK Kim from Taiwan Capital Market.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, thank you for the question.
 I have two questions about VHS.
 First of all, I was very excited about the exhibition business.
 The issue of semiconductor-related issues is getting worse and worse.
 As you just mentioned, the semiconductor-related issue is getting worse and worse.
 I think it's going to be difficult to turn around in the next 4 minutes.
 In addition to the 10 points that are possible for our company's turnarounds,
 I would like to ask for your opinion on the direction of change in the real world.
 The second one is about the GM Gold Choon Gangmung, which was released recently.
 I think it's a bit bigger than I thought, even considering the record scale.
 In particular, in the official content,
 I talked about how to change the way of using the software.
 Oh, good. I mean, how do you zoom down?
 You're funny. That's a good thing.
 Thank you for the opportunity to speak.
 I have two questions, and the both goes to the VF division.
 And the first one is about the VSS,
 of the automotive electronics business,
 market expectations have been so high about the automotive electronics business of the VES.
 However, the above material costs are increasing, and there has been a shortage of semiconductors.
 The worst means the outlooks for the performance of the VS
 division.
 And the semiconductor issue will continue
 and the wall continue until the fourth quarter,
 And so raising the concern about the turnaround
 the target of the VR.
 So, what's your outlook for the performance and what's your opinion about the current situation?
 My second question is about the provision for the recalls of cost. According to the disclosure,
 The provision has been set aside for the recall of the cost.
 However, the provisioned amount of scenes
 greater than the actual needs. And so is there a possibility that the U will be
 first deep provision the leader.
 Yes, I will answer you after watching the video.
 The world of global completion in 2021,
 which is the year 2021,
 So answering the viewers' question about these business outlooks and then these production
 of the OEMs a complete car is expected to decline by 10 percent.
 So, as I said earlier, we have decided on this issue, but rather than our influence,
 We have been responding to the situation, however, it was an avoidable situation because it
 It was the impact on the production destruction
 at the top tier one, the vendors and OEM side.
 In regards to a
 In regards to the profit turnaround of the DS business next year, the risk of automotive
 of component demand reduction is expected to continue
 until the first quarter of the next year.
 or even the second quarter of next year.
 The global completion system is still in the process of completion, but the government is still
 and the Ministry of Justice will provide a minimum of four days of public service.
 The process will continue to be carried out in the process of the process.
 The authorities still remain in the global automotive market, but we will minimize self-destruction
 to close cooperation with OEM and diversify supply chain.
 Moreover, in terms of profitability, we will make concerted efforts to achieve meaningful
 outcome in 2022 by focusing on improving the profit and loss structure to continued cost-saving
 activity.
 Yes.
 Answering your question on the possibility of the recall, the provision, the reversal,
 The entire charge fund's budget is based on the information that has been found so far.
 With the number of agreed three, four, three, four, and two,
 The total amount of provision was calculated using the most reasonable explanation based
 on the recall method agreed between the three companies and what has been
 identified so far.
 and the International Charter Research Center of the LG Institute of Technology,
 which is currently operating in the central part of the Yangtze area,
 In addition, LCE and LG Chem evenly split the recall cost to book the provisioned expenses,
 The final cost-sharing ratio will be later decided
 depending on the liabilities of LGE and LG Chem.
 Therefore, please understand that it's difficult to tell you about the possibility of the reversal
 of the preset probation.
 Just based on the assumptions.
 Yes, this is Lee Chang.
 We will take the next question, please.
 Next question, please.
 The next question will be presented by Sungryul Kwon from DD Financial Investment.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, thank you.
 Then, you can choose between H and E-bomb.
 The first one is that it's good to have a long-awaited TV channel.
 So, I think it will be possible to make 400,000 videos this year.
 Uh, let me just go over them.
 I wonder what will happen to the sales of OLED TV in 2021 and 2021.
 If you achieve the goal of selling like this,
 The first question is, how far can the HEE business and OLED TV machine go?
 Second, it is very expensive to make LCD panels.
 This is the end of the video.
 TV debu, LCD TV 가격 경력이 회복되면서 OLED TV 매출이나 수입성도 영향을 줄 수 있다고 보는데
 I wonder what kind of pressure or impact it will have on this area.
 I have two questions.
 Both questions are on HD.
 First, this year, you've recorded such a solid performance
 with your TV products.
 I think that with this performance,
 you'll be able to achieve four million
 in the field this year.
 So I'm wondering how you forecast this year 2021 and next year in terms of the sales of all the TVs.
 If you meet the target of sales,
 I'm wondering what will be the proportion of all the TV sales out of the total TV revenue.
 Any second questions?
 also on HE, we see the price level of LCD TVs is going down very rapidly. I think compared
 to OLED TV, with this price decrease, the LCD TV will be able to recover its price competitiveness
 in the market.
 I'm wondering about the impact of this trend
 on the sales and profitability of your own business,
 Can you share your corporate opinion on this?
 I'm going to answer a lot of questions about the sale of OLED TV in the first quarter of this year.
 21 years ago, the original TV sales amount was 3 minutes per day.
 So let me take your first question on H.E. in particular regarding the forecast of OLED TV sales.
 So looking at the performance of old and TV sales in the third quarter of this year,
 We are meeting the plan for all the TV sales 100%.
 However, the global economy of the fourth quarter is due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
 However, looking into the four quarters, there is a concern or the risk of the slowdown
 of TV demand globally because of the uncertainty
 in the global economy and expansion of living with COVID-19 scheme.
 However, in the case of human beings, we expect to achieve a goal of 4 million,
 two times as many as 10 years ago.
 However, we think that there will be no difficulty in achieving our target
 of leading four million units of sales
 that we set up early this year, which
 is the double the target of the previous year.
 than showing 24% of growth on a year-on-year basis.
 Regarding the target,
 the target for the next year with our older TV. We haven't finalized our target yet and
 And we are working on the planning and simulation
 to set up the target for the next year.
 However, if we analyze the changes in the TV set and the panel market and customer demand a few days later,
 The power of the university's students at the premium market
 However, if we do a closed analysis on the TV market trends, both for TV steps and panels
 and consumer needs before test that the demand
 for premium products will continue to go up.
 So in line with this, we're going to continue to increase
 proportion of our online, all that TV sales on the road.
 We will now move on to the second question.
 lcd panel 가격이 하락함에 따라가지고
 So I'll take your second question.
 It was on the impact of decrease of LCD TV prices
 on the profitability and top-line revenue of OLED TV.
 This is a fact that we are investigating in the market.
 In the case of Kim Jong-un, we are entering the information with the situation of increasing the price
 Based on our understanding on the market dynamics, we understand
 that the competitor has given a price discount,
 You need to get me over TV these days.
 But the LCD light bulb that Chinese panel manufacturers are focusing on is the opposite of the water-discharging risk.
 And if you consider the number of foreign players, such as the statue of Mulyubin,
 However, looking at various external factors such as the LCD panel supply led by the Chinese
 panel makers, a short supply of semiconductor components and increase in
 Given that there will be some impact on the demand of older TV because of this limited
 price discount of LCD TVs.
 However, we can make use of this trend of increasing demand
 for premium products, especially over TV.
 and the strength of all the TV can bring about,
 I believe that we will be able to maintain this solid top-line revenue and profitability
 for the next year.
 This is the end of this video.
 Okay, next question, please.
 Next question, please.
 Next question is from UBS's Nicola Godoa.
 The next question will be presented by Nikola Gouda from UBS.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes, good afternoon, thanks for taking my questions.
 Going back to semi-supply constraints,
 And what has been the overall impact across all of your businesses, how are you managing
 this has gotten better or worse as well for the course of 2021 and what has been the impact
 on revenues and margins.
 So that's both reviews and marketing here, not just revenues.
 Secondly, on the plan, you also talked about the impact of logistic costs going up, but
 but what has been the impact on,
 of material price increases on appliances margins
 in the last quarter in 2-3-21.
 and what could we expect to see going forward?
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your questions.
 There are two kinds of questions.
 Now, the first question is about the degree of medical education in Bandochi.
 Before that, the owner of the car told me about the owner of the car and the owner of the car.
 I'm curious about the impact of the shortage of semiconductors in the first half of the company.
 And how do we manage this situation?
 First of all, I would like to briefly explain about the semiconductor.
 I think we will be able to talk about this in detail before we move on to the semi-conductor
 a shortage issue, my answer can be divided into the TV business and the automotive component
 First of all, I would like to point out that this is the most controversial issue in the market.
 In the case of sugarcane, the amount of sugarcane in the production industry is half the amount of sugarcane.
 It was a very expensive and expensive business.
 And there was no big problem.
 However, the T1, which is the anti-aircraft vehicle,
 It's a bit of a shame to have a car in the car.
 I think this question raised a concern that made me about the automotive semiconductor
 the shortage, the insourcing the semiconductor requires for our products.
 we don't have significant issues except for some impact on the price increase.
 However, as other tier 1 vendors suffer
 and semi-conductor shortage and problems
 in supplying components.
 It has resulted in intermittent production disruptions
 in major Oregon.
 Oh, Monizio-Cienko, sit up to me and have a moment.
 As I mentioned earlier, we are currently traveling around 1.5 km from the Shotaun, the factory of the customer service, and the Shotaun.
 In the case of the electrician, the electrician has the ability to measure the level of the customer.
 So, if you are satisfied with the complete product, you can use it more quickly than anyone else.
 height of a component. However, our diversified supply chain management system enables us
 to fulfill customer orders on time.
 So therefore, so once this issue is the result,
 because we are ready to fulfill customers' orders
 in their prompt manner, we anticipate that we can achieve more meaningful growth down
 In terms of the TV business, we have a long-term cooperation with companies such as LG and the market line.
 As for the teeth, there is a lot of pressure on the teeth, so I think it is possible to take
 business as a market leader in the industry. So we have a procuring power and a deep trust
 in partnership with suppliers.
 So with that, we have been managing an appropriate level of inventory, and by doing so, we have
 minimize the impact on our business by securing the DDIC and SOC and other components.
 For instance.
 HNA.
 That's right.
 In the 21st century, there was an HNA incident that affected the raw materials.
 If we look at the previous year's winter baby,
 in the future, and that will affect about 2.5% to 3% in the future.
 As for the raw material cost and the impact on the HNA's business in 2021, we will say
 that the impact on our annual sales for this year will be 2.5% to 3% and these estimations
 to include the outlook for the fourth quarter.
 order.
 Gio, Wenzher, In, Chulgang, Lejin, Kooli, Modu, Bonggibyo, In Sangyul is in the process.
 Nam-Eun Sabong-gi, also known as Inseong-Ryul-Jeong-Ga-Roo,
 Our major raw materials such as steel, the resin, and the copper have seen a price increase
 on every quarter, and that this trend will continue even in the fourth quarter.
 so for HNA to business, it is a serving,
 is a factor worsening our profitability outlook.
 Again, in 2021, raw material supply and demand imbalance will continue, and also we expect
 that especially the still price will increase deeply.
 When does it go back to the negotiation?
 of fostering the key makers in each vision adopting diversified sourcing and they
 optimized SCN and the other many other activities.
 that have suddenly increased, we are focusing our organizational capabilities on proactively
 responding to current price highs and offsetting this from unstable supply through timely
 Intervision owns the sourcing and the price forecasting.
 Next question, please.
 The next person to ask me is U-Dong-Jae from Bank of America.
 The next question will be presented by Tom Jae-woo from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Ah, yes, thank you for asking me questions.
 The question I want to ask is,
 the difference between us,
 The electric current was 7th and the power was quite high.
 If you look at the last few years,
 But recently, the number of people who have been caught is decreasing rapidly.
 I think it's getting less and less, compared to the emotional part of it.
 And there's no reason to do that.
 So, in the future, when we look at the momentum of the atmosphere,
 Then in the next three years,
 It's a huge success.
 And in the lower half, when the pattern of the past is repeated,
 or if there is a risk that the enemy can kill them,
 if I'm going to be able to do that.
 If I'm going to be able to do that,
 even if I'm already in the lower half of the path,
 It's a business model that can give you a sense of what it's like to be a business model.
 Thank you for explaining that you are being created by TV and HNA.
 Second, ESG and other types of emissions are being minimized.
 I will talk about this later.
 Thank you for explaining the Solar Choc part of the video.
 from down.
 We are preparing
 a kind of
 I would appreciate it if you could explain the new business strategy or project related to energy.
 Do you have a message for me?
 If I pose to questions, my first question is on HNA and HE.
 If you look at the operating income on a quarterly basis, you used to show great fluctuation
 for many, many years so far in terms of TV
 and home appliance businesses.
 However, looking at the fourth quarter,
 the performance of the full quarter
 is decreasing more slowly than what
 has been happening in the past.
 And you explained the reason why behind this phenomenon.
 And also, I'm wondering if there would be any risk
 of showing a high performance,
 performance in the first half, and then showing a decrease of the performance in the second half
 one second like the pets. Or you have already established a stable business model with TV
 and H&M products showing even performances
 between the first half and the letter half.
 And my second question is on BS.
 Recently, many agencies or governments are announcing their ESG or emission-related policies.
 As you have already explained about your solar business,
 I'm wondering, and I'd like to understand, the overall progress of your renewable energy
 business-related strategy and ongoing project in line with this trend.
 First of all, I would like to answer the question of HNA.
 In the past four years, in the 21st century,
 In 2018 and 2019, the age of the upper and lower half of the year was 70 to 39.
 That's all.
 and the content of the content was affected,
 In the past 20 years and 21 years, when we look at the overall situation,
 we see that there has been a significant increase in the number of people in the U.S.
 And the number of people who have been working in the industry for the past two years is about 6 to 4, 3rd, 6th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th.
 It's a trend for the past four years, including 2021, especially
 Looking at the two years, 2018 and 2019,
 The preferred weight ratio was around 7 to 3
 between first half and the second half.
 Maybe it's driven up by the pent-up impact caused by the COVID-19 for the past two years,
 two years, recent two years, 2020 and 2021,
 The performance was around six to four,
 first half and second half.
 So we are seeing a gradual improvement of profitability
 in the second half.
 he is in a state of emergency.
 The Supreme Court is in a state of emergency.
 In the U.S., for example, the time spent in the area was less than half an hour,
 And I'm going to be in charge of it in four minutes.
 As you are already aware, most of the promotional seasons, including the United States, are
 concentrated in the second half or in particular fourth quarter,
 which is driving us off the course of that period.
 And also we are impacted by the seasonality
 related to the AC business.
 So that's the reason why we have the structure of showing
 a lower profitability in the second half
 compared to that of the first half.
 As I said, the book was meaningful in the last two years,
 and it's been a long time since it was released.
 In the internal part of the department, we have conducted a 4.5-liter gasoline and 4.4-liter gasoline.
 Of course, there were some impacts coming from the pent-up demand in improving our performance
 in the second half of the past two years.
 However, we internally made continuous efforts
 to improve the profitability in the second half.
 And also we strive to execute our expenses in a more efficient manner.
 I believe that the Sanguaz pattern hasn't fully recovered yet.
 In the beginning of the negotiations,
 As of yet, we couldn't overcome this pattern of showing a lower performance in the second half fully.
 However, compared to the past,
 you're able to make the threshold small but important
 improvement, showing better performance in the second half.
 So, with this gradual improvement, I believe that this pattern of showing a lower profile
 We'll continue to persist for the time being.
 Yes, that is all.
 Let me take your question regarding new renewable energy.
 As you mentioned, the importance of ESG has increased, and the main country's eco-friendly policies are being strengthened for the recovery of the climate crisis.
 At the end of the day,
 As ESG grows in importance, major countries are spending their green policies to tackle
 climate change. In light with this trend, the demand for new renewable energy is forecast
 to grow continuously.
 In terms of the progress of the new project that you mentioned, it is difficult to say in detail.
 I would like to know if there is any additional business opportunity
 regarding your question about the progress of new projects,
 please understand that it is difficult to share specifics, but I'd like to say we're keeping a
 close watch on additional business opportunities arising in the energy business ecosystem.
 For example, we are reviewing a solution
 So for example, we are reviewing a solution as to how we can offer an optimized solution
 for efficient power consumption at home.
 This is it.
 Okay.
 Next question, please.
 Question, please.
 Currently, there are no participants with questions.
 If you have any questions, please press the bell button and press number 1.
 Currently, there are no participants with questions.
 Please press Start 1, Start N1 to give your question.
 The next question is from a friend from Vancouver, America.
 The next question will be presented by Dong Jie Wu from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Ah, yes. Thank you for the question.
 I have one question for you.
 Vs.
 In the last few months,
 the sales were set at 2.2 million,
 and the customer's high-end stock was also
 talked about various reasons.
 I want to re-examine it with a big picture.
 It's already October,
 and I'm going to remind you again
 I think it would be nice if you could remind us again about how it works.
 When will we be able to go to the 3rd level, not 2nd level, but to the 3rd level?
 When is the inflection point going to start?
 It's been about three or four years since then.
 And if the whole backlog is 60,000,
 You do it.
 This is about a few percent of the current test car that is appearing.
 I would appreciate it if you could explain it to us.
 Okay, thank you.
 I have one question about the VS business.
 that when we look at these, the quarterly, the sales,
 performance of the VES but it's hovering around or under 2 trillion won and the VES division
 explained the many reasons, including the component that
 shoulders and the disruption on the customer side.
 and that can you, again, provide it.
 the high level overview about your business situation.
 and as in regards to the order that's locked
 As of October, is it about 60 trillion won?
 And when can you make the turnaround in process,
 buys the recordings over 2 trillion won and even 3 trillion won in the sales. So I'm wondering when
 will be the intersection point of a profit and is it can we expect that it's going to be the third
 quarter 2022. And also, the out of if the backlog is $60 trillion once. So what is the portion
 over EEZ's related component business.
 So answering your questions on the order back log, so as we communicate it, the order
 Our backlog is of the 2021, is over 6 trillion won, and it is continuously rising.
 The overall length is about 60% of the infotainment.
 And if you look at the proportions out of all the backlogs, the infotainment accounts
 for 60%, and the remaining part is the LG magnet-related ED component and the DKW-Lamp product.
 Considering the high growth potential of the EV industry,
 So we all believe that these are backlogs from the EVs,
 component related business or will increase or with the LG NAC measure the participation.
 And as you mentioned, the sales have been stagnant because the semiconductor shortage caused
 by the disruption in the OEM plant.
 However, when we see the trend of order backlog, once this semiconductor issue is resolved,
 we can say that we can start to achieve a meaningful outcome.
 That's the question, please.
 Question please.
 Currently, there are no participants with questions. Please press the bell button.
 Currently there are no participants with questions.
 Please press start 1, start N1 to give your question.
 Are there any more questions?
 There is no one who has requested questions so far.
 I'll wait for your questions until you ask a question.
 Once again, currently there are no participants with questions.
 We will wait for a second until there is another question.
 Yes, then, uh,
 uh,
 I'm going to end the conference call for the first person in the 21st century.
 If you have any questions, please contact us at lzanzaiya.com and we will give you a detailed explanation.
 That brings us to the end of LG Electronics' earnings release conference call for the third
 quarter of 2021. For further questions, please contact the RN team. Thank you for your participation.