 Please stand by.
 Good morning and welcome, everyone, to FINSA's second quarter 2020 financial results conference
 call.
 Please note today's call is being recorded.
 All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.
 After the presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.
 During this conference call, management may discuss certain forward-looking statements
 concerning census future performance
 and should be considered as good faith
 estimates made by the company.
 These forward-looking statements reflect management's expectations are based upon currently available data.
 Actual results are subject to future events and uncertainties,
 which can materially impact the company's actual performance.
 At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Eduardo Padilla,
 Themis says, Chief Executive Officer.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning, everyone, and welcome to PENSA's second quarter 2020 results conference call.
 As it is customary, Juan Fonseca and Jorge Collazo are also on the line.
 And today we're also joined by Eugenio Garza.
 We hope that you and your loved ones are healthy and safe.
 The second quarter was the most challenging period we have faced operationally in many
 We take it.
 although there were differences in performance among our business units.
 But also, we saw a severe impact from continuing lack of consumer mobility in the geographies
 we serve.
 related into soft performance for most of our categories and consumer locations.
 and the challenge was compounded by the lack of beer supply but only began to recover in the month of June.
 Our health vision fared better as demand for its production products remained high, hotels
 we're constrained by
 strict restrictions imposed on consumers and their ability to move around, particularly
 in our key South American market.
 The fuel division was impacted most as vehicle utilization fell quickly and drastically.
 However, from a deeper valley and in a relative terms, it is the repair of patients that it
 seems to be rebounding faster.
 For its part, Coricola Fencer was quite resilient.
 leveraging execution capabilities to once again adapt to consumer needs
 and minimize the negative impact of the downturn.
 Having said all that, our team continues to execute at a higher level in very complex
 environment.
 and we continue to focus on the safety and health of our people and our customers above all else.
 Moving on to discuss census consolidated quarterly numbers.
 Total revenue during the second quarter decreased 10.7%, while income from operations decreased
 37.5%.
 On an organic basis, total revenues decreased 14.3%, and income from operations decreased
 by 40.4%.
 For this quarter, the difference between reported and organic figures reflects two months of
 of our drugstores in Ecuador, a full quarter of the AGV operation in Brazil, and 45 days
 of the WAXI and North American Janssen distribution platforms acquired in the United States.
 Net income decrease significantly driven by, number one, lower income from operations,
 as I just described.
 Number two,
 hire
 other non-operating expenses
 including auxiliary charges
 is related to the extraordinary payment of almost 8.8 billion pesos
 agreed with the Mexican tax authority, as well as impairments, including for certain
 assets of Coca-Cola FEMSA and the closure of our specialties operations.
 And number three, terms of participation in hurricane results, which were lower relative
 to the comparable figure we reported last year.
 In terms of our consolidated net debt position during the first quarter, it increased by
 approximately 20.
 to be $10 billion compared to the $10 billion, $10 billion, $10 billion, $10 billion, $10
 previous quarter to reach a level of 72 billion pesos at the end of June.
 Due to flex, our investment of products is going to be $900 million in the working North
 American platforms, as well as the majority of the large tax payments mentioned before.
 While we are on the target of VET, we should mention that during the quarter we placed
 the first two-year process.
 $100 million in the second reopening over 30-year dollar denominated bond issuance,
 bringing the total amount to $2.5 billion, which was our original target.
 The weighted average yield for the total insurance was 2.5 percent, which was also our target
 back in September when we started with this project.
 And I highlight this because it took us nine months, and we went to the market on three
 separate locations in order to get the amount we wanted at the cost we wanted.
 We were very patient, and it paid off, and this is the approach, and this is the approach
 and the deep within what we try to bring to our financial decisions.
 Moving on to discuss our operations, and beginning with Tempsest Commercial Proximity Division,
 We should start with a comment about store openings.
 While we managed to open a number of new stores here in the quarter, we also have to close
 a small percentage of our store base
 due to COVID-19 restrictions and effects.
 Some of the closures will be temporary, but some will be permanent as we take this opportunity
 to remove certain marginal stores from our base.
 The numbers for the quarter went like this.
 159 new openings, 85 re-opening after remodeling and maintenance, 24 definite
 dochers and
 and 260 temporary closures.
 As a result, we recorded a net reduction of 40 stores for the second quarter to reach
 store openings
 for the last two months.
 In addition to the stroke closures, we review the number of operating shifts.
 From 3 to 2.
 in a large percentage of our stores, as 24-7 operations is not viable or necessary given
 the current consumer
 dynamics.
 .
 We're down 12.4% for the second quarter, reflecting a 24.1% decline in store traffic and an increase
 to 15.4% in average customer ticket.
 Here, it is also useful to pause and discuss a little bit what happened inter-quarter,
 because we did see meaningful differences as the quarter went by.
 During April, as you may recall, we still have relative availability of beer for most
 of the month, as well as some panic buying for certain categories of the product consumers.
 And this mitigated the blow and made April the least bad month of the quarter for Oxford.
 During May, however, we basically depleted our beer inventories, and we saw the steepest
 contractions in traffic, making the worst
 month of the quarter.
 when in June we began to recover
 data availability, and we also began to observe a gradual shift in consumer dynamics.
 During the first part of the quarter, most of the consumer demand weakness came from
 mobility restrictions and lockdowns.
 with a thirst and craving occasion suffering from the absence of customers going about on the street.
 and the gathering occasion leading from social distancing.
 However, late in the quarter, the weakness in the man seemed to be driven increasingly
 by economic hardship.
 Also, many consumers have lost their income, making the crisis today a bit more similar
 the prior downstairs were also more pronounced
 Adding to the headwinds, as much as half of our stores in Mexico were under some type
 of cooperating restriction from local authorities during the quarter, often related to the sale
 of alcohol during certain time windows, we expect most of these restrictions to be temporary.
 Moving down the income statement, for the second quarter, gross margin contracted by
 10 basis points, reflecting a negative self-makes, effect caused by the beer shortage in May,
 and improved performance over daily and replenishment categories, partially offset by a high single
 bigot increase of our services category.
 Income for operations decreased almost 66% and operating margin
 in control.
 tracking 620 patients points.
 reflecting significant operating that we leverage.
 Moving on to Francisco Medical Health Division,
 Reduce our store count by seven drugstores.
 The amount of temporary closures was enough to set the small number of stores we opened during the quarter.
 How do you say that?
 you have a total of
 We have 3,189 open units across our territories at the end of June, and 128 total net news
 stores for the last of months.
 Revenue is increased
 2.4%, while on an organic basis, they decreased 9.1%.
 Thanks to ourselves, decrease an average of 9.8% in Mexican pesos, reflecting the negative
 the impact of the street mobility restrictions implemented in our South American market,
 including curfews.
 partially upset by a solid performance in operations in Mexico.
 Growth margin expanded by 80 basis points in the quarter, reflecting number one, a positive
 rate.
 Thank you.
 by consumer behavior shifts in connection to the pandemic. Number two, more effective
 collaboration with key supply partners and operations in south america and number three
 better margin performance in our business in Ecuador.
 where applying SOCOFAR's operational best practices is showing their influence.
 Operating margin contracted 130 basis points, reflecting lower operating leverage in South
 America.
 .
 As we anticipated last quarter,
 since the Comercio's field division was most exposed to the current environment of lockdowns
 and reduce mobility, and the impact is visible in our quarterly results.
 We were able to add one new station to our network, same station sales decreased an average
 of almost 50% in the second quarter.
 Gold's margin reached 13.3%.
 where operating margin was 0.8% of total revenues.
 Reflecting Considerable Operating Deliverage.
 operating expenses decreased 15% as a result of
 this.
 control and increase efficiency.
 A subsidiary lining in relative terms, it seems this business is the one that is recovering
 more quickly in terms showing the sequential improvement
 in recent weeks, but rising from a very,
 from a deeper contraction.
 Finally, moving on briefly to Coca-Cola FEMSA, as John highlighted yesterday, the results
 show of the scene and
 in performance in Mexico,
 improvement
 in Brazil in Colombia
 and continue this trend in Guatemala.
 They made further progress in development of digital and omni-channel initiatives in
 market and managed
 to deliver solid profitability in Mexico and Central America,
 even in the context of the current pandemic.
 For more detail, you can listen to the webcast of the Acquire Reconference Call.
 Looking ahead, uncertainty remains high, and it is hard to make predictions.
 However, as I mentioned before, it seems the crisis is generally evolving.
 In the beginning, its main drivers were severe health concerns and the lack of consumer mobility.
 and these remain a problem.
 However, we are intuitively seeing the signs of another set of more traditional economic
 headwinds coming to play.
 This is not possible, but at least we have more experience with economic downturns.
 As you might imagine, we continue to look for our entire business
 in an effort to optimize it for the changes taking place today.
 and for those that seem to be on the way and understand...
 for those that seem to be on the way.
 And we will continue to work hard to evolve our company to meet the moment
 and to come out in better shape on the other side.
 And with that, we can open the call for questions.
 Operator?
 Thank you.
 The question and answer session will begin at this time.
 If you'd like to ask a question during this time, simply press the star, then number one on your telephone keypad.
 If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound-star-2.
 Your question will be taken in the order that it's received.
 In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question at a time
 to allow the maximum number of callers to ask their questions.
 Again, that is star one to ask a question.
 And we'll go first to Ben Thurer of Barclays.
 Hey, good morning. Thank you very much for taking the question.
 I hope you're all safe and sound.
 Eduardo, Juan, and
 well,
 Virginia, welcome, welcome on board.
 So my one question would be on the more recent performance in Oxon.
 and you've elaborated how it went through the quarter,
 but if you could shed a little
 light on the current
 performance over most recent weeks
 into July, where we've seen
 more states going
 into the orange face
 some of the reopenings
 And if you could also share with us on the temporary store closures, how many you currently still have closed and how do you think the reopening is going to evolve considering some of the tourist restrictions as well as office restrictions that are still in place?
 That would be my question.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Ben.
 And let me tell you, we are making progress.
 as I said in the quarter
 50% had restrictions.
 now I would say
 35% have restrictions.
 The sensor cells have improved a little bit.
 Mobility is coming still, but there's still, you know, if we just pay attention yesterday
 to the Google Mobility Index, and the Google Mobility Index in Mexico is down around 40 percent.
 And that really, I mean, also really leads by that people are on the go and moving.
 And this is really being the major cost.
 We think that people are beginning to understand and adapt to this new environment.
 Mobility is coming up little by little, and not only car mobility but pedestrian mobility too.
 and I think it all depends
 that how what is going to happen with school system the next quarter what's
 gonna happen with with offices opening or keeping it close so I didn't work to
 me speaking the way that we are understanding the pandemic better, you know, I could tell
 that the lack of contagious
 and the lack of contagious
 of these
 pandemic in the stores
 is very low, very, very low.
 So basically, the problem that we have had with our personnel is more because the lockdowns
 been leaving their house
 and the lack of
 care they have
 with connection
 with some family members
 and most of the people that have had the pandemic
 goes through the house
 Not really from the traffic to the work or the store.
 So we are optimistic, but the thing is that, you know,
 We are feeling now the pain that the economic downturn is staying here,
 and we are adapting the offerings too,
 but we are
 cautiously optimistic.
 Yeah, that's what we have to do.
 Well, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question will come from Bob Ford of Bank of America.
 Thank you.
 Hey, thank you. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for taking my question.
 Eduardo, on your opening conference, you mentioned the 20 foreclosures, and that was really for a wider assessment of the store base,
 and how do you think about the footprint right now
 in terms of maybe reallocating those resources to other locations
 or maybe just trimming it in anticipation of the more traditional headwinds
 in terms of the slowdown in the economy.
 Well, as I said, a lot of the lockdowns that we have had the restrictions of
 of alcoholic curfews or lockdowns or the possibility
 the open stores in certain
 commercial areas
 And that was the number that we had around 50% had this kind of restriction.
 As I said now, out of the 19,000 stores, there are around 7,000 that have had some kind of restrictions.
 For instance, in the state of Tamarulipas, the previous weekend, we were not allowed
 to sell.
 We have to close.
 not only not so alcohol
 but to close
 completely restored.
 And again, I think local authorities are trying to best the best to adapt and have
 the best to adapt.
 the measures against this pandemic, some are effective and some are not, I would say.
 but the thing is
 We try to lobby and understand what the authorities are trying to do
 and help them to accomplish
 the objectives
 of this
 Probably by
 by
 obstruct
 localizing the way we work with the stores.
 I think another problem is really through the low-bound, the lack of social mobility
 and the social distancing, night shifts are very, very weak.
 And we have had some besides the lockdown restrictions that we have some authorities
 or selling of alcohol in some stores.
 also we have really
 closing some of the night shifts
 because, again, there is no consumers around.
 so but again
 we think that will be temporary
 and we are adapting the best we can.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Will.
 And again, as a reminder, that is star one to ask a question.
 And if you find that your question has been answered, you can remove yourself from the queue by pressing star 2.
 We will now go to Miguel Tortorilio of GPM.
 Hi, good morning, everyone.
 Thanks for doing this.
 Thanks for the good question.
 And considering the timing of this crisis that came right after you bought
 or indexed within a couple of companies,
 Which of them would you say that has had the most challenging start now in the central direction?
 You know, we're very happy with our partners and with the companies we acquired.
 They are on the Janshan business, and as you imagine, Janshan has had a great demand for the products.
 Out of the two, Waxi is more focused to Jensen, and North American had a more diverse platform.
 And, in fact, North America has had to sell to some hospitality customers.
 And I think probably that is the one that has suffered the most.
 But I think both companies have adapted tremendously to this environment.
 they've been able to protect
 their employees
 and put
 at the very
 and at the same time try to serve the customers.
 so we're extraordinarily happy with them
 We have great partners, and I think that we are going to build a historic platform with the help of them,
 and we look forward
 with a very optimistic future.
 I think I would add
 from
 Hi, Miguel, this is Juan.
 even on the
 on the Jettro Restaurant Depot, which is also on the Jettro Restaurant Depot,
 which is also one of the recent investments,
 which being as exposed as they are to the restaurant sector,
 one would think or at least one would have thought
 a few months ago that
 it would be a complicated period for them.
 I'm not saying it hasn't been complicated, but certainly they have been adjusting
 and navigating the situation, quite frankly,
 exceeding at least my personal
 Expectations, which kind of confirms our view that this is a very well-positioned and very
 world-run company so they have been doing as I said better than better than
 expected adjusting
 And I think there are customers as well, the little restaurants adapting to, you know, curbside, delivery,
 and things begin to open up in many of the markets that they serve.
 So overall, I would say on the Restaurant Depot front, you know, a positive surprise.
 Great. Thank you, Mark.
 Thank you.
 And now we will take a question from Marcella Rochecha of Credit Suisse.
 Marcella, if you could check your mute function, we're unable to hear you.
 Hi.
 Are you listening to me now?
 Yes, please go ahead with your question.
 Okay.
 hi Juan, hi Eduardo, hope you are well
 So just two quick questions here from one side.
 The first one is about DNA.
 I saw that basically your DNA increased it across the business division so just
 to understand what's driving such increase.
 And secondly, very briefly, if you can give your impressions about the Mexican pension
 reform in terms of potential impacts
 for FENSA.
 Thank you very much.
 Well, I will go to the second one, and I think let Juan answer the first one.
 The pension reform, I think, is this whole web there,
 and I think it's a good thing
 that we all together try to solve it
 because it will be very difficult for the coronavirus
 problem in
 and what we would like to have to solve it in a desperate way
 and that could disrupt the economic environment in Mexico.
 where I think what we have for the future is kind of painful,
 but I think it's the right thing to do
 and nothing between the...
 uh...
 the private companies and the government,
 I think it's a good sign that we are together here to fix the hole for the long run.
 And the other one, Juan, why don't you go and try to answer the very first question, please?
 Yes, hi, Marcela.
 So we are having some amortization of IT investments, I think, on the OXO front,
 They have continued to invest in their new versions of some of the software, as well
 us developing the digital platforms across the board.
 we have had some
 closures of stores
 and we've had some asset write-downs both at Code FEMSA and at FEMSA.
 So I think that would be playing a part on that.
 Obviously, we can also follow up offline in terms of making the numbers match.
 but I think off the top of our heads
 Those are
 concepts that come to mind.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you very much, guys.
 Thank you.
 And next we will go to Gustavo Oliveira of UBS.
 Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. It's on OXO gross margin.
 You mentioned that your numbers are actually very good.
 there was a very little contraction there.
 You mentioned that the beer shortage, obviously, affected profitability,
 but that was offset by the service category.
 on the recovery
 Do you think that you could actually see an expansion in your gross margin?
 as the, I don't know if the service
 category, we remain
 strong and the beer
 clearly could
 recover
 could you please elaborate a bit on the trend
 for the gross margin for OXO.
 Well, let me give you a bit.
 Our suppliers and us are concerned with the lack of consumer economic strength, but what
 But what we're trying to do is to come up with different offerings
 to really just to make the demand.
 and here
 we have
 our suppliers
 and about partners and trying to do something great for them,
 for the consumer in current times.
 But I don't know, Juan, why don't you go and go for the detail of the numbers, please.
 Sure.
 I think on the gross margin
 I mean, historically, or at least for a long time now,
 The two main drivers of gross margin expansion have been the financial services category
 and, you know,
 the commercial income that we
 received from our supplier partners.
 Right now, as Eduardo has said,
 I think a positive surprise
 has been the resilience and even the, you know,
 faster growth
 of financial services during the downturn
 as consumers have kind of made sure that they're keeping current with their memberships
 and their utilities and, you know, realizing or taking advantage of the fact
 that it's a lot easier
 to go to OXO than to go to the bank.
 It's less time-consuming.
 and so even though financial services had been contracting
 or at least it has been growing less in recent quarters,
 in the last two or three quarters.
 This quarter, it actually, the growth came in
 in the high single digits, which was a positive surprise.
 I think contributes to the high-growth margin.
 The other question on commercial income is a little bit trickier because, you know,
 some of those agreements
 as Eduardo also referred to, are tied to volume.
 and so it's hard to predict.
 I mean, we do need volumes to come up, transactions to go up, for commercial income to go up, you know, in consequence.
 So I would say visibility for growth margin is not as clear as we would like.
 I wouldn't necessarily predict at this point
 that we will continue to expand it, you know, more than trend.
 but at least during the
 during the second quarter, it did kind of hold its own.
 Thank you. I think it's very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 I would also add that probably there were a small increase also in the lack of beer also
 shape demand
 to some of the alcoholic
 privileges.
 and
 And that puts the margin a little bit, too.
 And that actually brings up
 an interesting point, Eduardo, because
 Obviously, you're right.
 consumers did
 shift to
 higher consumption of
 4.
 during the quarter.
 and interestingly
 I think what the OXO
 our AUXO colleagues were observing
 in recent weeks was that
 even as the beer came back
 that the volume for Spirit was still holding up strong.
 so maybe
 you know
 in the effort to look for the silver lining
 or the glass half full.
 you know at consumers
 realize what the assortment
 and the pricing is for spirits at the OXO stores,
 that this becomes a category that is, you know,
 that is stronger than historically
 because historically we haven't sold
 as much spirits as we are selling
 right now so hopefully this remains
 after the pandemic is gone.
 And we'll move on to our next question, and that will be from Alan Alanis of Santander.
 Thank you so much.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Bye, Eduardo.
 Hola Alan
 Nope.
 And it looks like we may have lost Alan.
 And we'll go next to Ulysses Argate.
 Hi, everyone.
 Thanks for the space for questions.
 Here, I wanted to get your thoughts a little bit on any potential product portfolio rationalization
 and they're in OXO.
 and maybe if you can share
 any color on what you're seeing in terms
 of the shift in mix
 more recently now in July, maybe
 going back a little bit more to the more profitable categories that you guys have there.
 Thank you.
 You know, unless we think that this lack of mobility
 will stay for a very long period of time,
 which we
 we don't think it is the case
 I think we have to adapt better and we have to adapt more to the lack of consumer economic
 power and
 and by probably with a different assortment,
 probably looking for cheaper or less expensive products.
 Our returnable soft drinks is not as strong as we should have it now.
 and those kind of shits
 we can
 foresee it for the future.
 but not necessarily in the types of consumer demand.
 of
 first
 or
 break fast
 or people gathering
 depending on
 We think that eventually those type of consumer demand will stay.
 It is more the lack of economic power of the consumer that we're more concerned
 than the real shift
 of our consumer locations.
 That's perfect.
 and a bit more on the short-term
 kind of thinking now on June, July
 after the beer category is back in, et cetera.
 do you have any caller that you can share with us
 kind of there
 on the shift back
 let's say in mix
 Yeah, one.
 Yeah, I think one thing to kind of highlight, and I think Eduardo touched on it in his opening remarks,
 was that the quarter itself was a little bit of a,
 I don't know if a V-shape is a little bit of a strong descriptor,
 but certainly the trough of the trend was the month of May,
 and we believe that
 We hope and believe that will mark the lowest point of this downturn should be the month of May.
 and then as a deer comes back
 it
 It helps everything, right?
 it helps operating leverage, and it helps margins, and generally begins to turn this
 into a more traditional downturn, so to speak.
 Um, and so, you know, the,
 the,
 As Eduardo said in the beginning, we are seeing improving metrics and improving traffic.
 And really, the one concern I have is not to convey the view that, you know, once the mobility restrictions are gone, that we go back to normal immediately, right?
 because we are seeing these symptoms and signs
 of a more traditional economic-driven downturn.
 but again
 you know, when you go dry
 Again, this has never happened before.
 on the beer side
 obviously you have both of our suppliers on the beer front
 working hard to restock
 the shelves
 Consumers themselves are probably buying a little bit more beer than they normally do
 to make sure they don't go dry again.
 And so, you know, you're seeing positive trends on some of these important categories, especially beer.
 so I would expect that to continue
 and you know we will
 Well, did you make the adjustments?
 I'd rather reference some in terms of packaging and mix for some important categories.
 I think we need to
 be careful
 and work hard at understanding
 how quickly and what the new normal eventually ends up looking like
 in the sense that
 we will, I'm sure, adapt our
 value proposition to that, whether it means, you know, some incremental SKUs or a shift
 in the mix
 uh... and that sort of thing so so we're
 We're still not at the end of this, but we know more about how the consumer is adjusting
 habits than we did a couple months ago
 and we are acting
 and consequence.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Perfecto. Muchas gracias, Eduardo, Juan.
 And we will now go back to Alan Alanis of Santander.
 Let's see if this time works.
 Thank you so much.
 for taking my question.
 And, again, good morning.
 I hope you guys are in your family, so safe.
 It was a lot of real fun.
 I just
 I mean, we on the sell side, most of us have a buy rating on the stocks.
 I mean, because of the evaluation of OXO implied here.
 Now, the result of this quarter, I guess the question is, is this result put into question the business model of OXO in the long run?
 This is the first quarter ever that you closed stores.
 So I guess the specific question is, what, and sorry if I missed this, what's the expectation
 regarding store openings going forward.
 and second thing
 and this is a question we get a lot
 and I'm sure Juan also gets it a lot.
 Eduardo
 It's why the reluctance to stay away from e-commerce.
 an investment
 even joke
 would need
 saying every time you guys mention the
 compile us with Amazon or so forth,
 if the stock reacts positively, why not invest in a basement or in a second floor
 in as many offices as possible to use them as distribution for e-commerce
 and leveraged out, especially given the changes
 that the pandemic will cost.
 And the third and last question
 have to do with
 with capital deployments.
 I mean, I think that the pushback has been visibility in terms of capital deployment.
 Eduardo, you mentioned about patience and discipline.
 I think that it's very clear for investors that you're very patient.
 but what can you expand on in terms of giving comfort to investors
 that you will remain disciplined in terms of that capital deployment,
 given the very strong
 balance shooting car for the generation
 that you generate. Those will be my questions. Thank you so much.
 Well, let me tell you, we are very optimistic of Oxnard in the middle and long run.
 I think we have a new study platform, and it's just that we have the right consumer adjustments
 and the lack of mobility that will help us to be on track again.
 In terms of your question about the e-commerce,
 we're very much
 we are doing things
 that we are not prepared yet to disclose.
 But I think we are in the financial sector, we see the evolution there, and we have to be prepared.
 and also the loyalty programs related
 and connected
 with the
 Tenant
 financial platform.
 Thank you.
 We, the current, if you want to see, those are the ones, the linkages that we're making
 with the current platforms like Amazon and everything.
 Thank you.
 to.
 What we don't know yet is the home delivery.
 Home delivery, still, we don't see how the impact the ones that are doing home delivery
 in small purchases
 not grassroots
 but small purchases
 like the ones
 you deliver
 nobody makes money
 Nobody makes money, and they are still trying to catch up and find a better way.
 So if we were in the grocery business, without doubt, that would be delivering a lot of things
 for the homes
 because
 economically
 those
 It doesn't make sense.
 and the other one
 we haven't seen yet
 although we have some tests to deliver in a very efficient way
 with some backstores and everything.
 but I think there's still
 some learning
 Thank you.
 come into place
 to perform better.
 I don't know who you want to add to the question, Juan.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Eduardo. Yes, I do.
 I think Alan's first attempt
 that the question didn't work, but the second
 attempt, he made sure that he covered
 for a amount of big topics.
 So I will try to add to some of these.
 So on the storefront, Alan, you know, I think what we're seeing is, you know,
 We had for a number of years, we've been opening more stores every year than the previous.
 we got as high as 1350
 I think at the top
 and I
 What we're doing right now is we're taking this opportunity to look at the, you know,
 there's a layer of stores
 that are probably marginal
 in terms of what they're contributing to the numbers.
 And we're, you know, figuring out which of those stores actually should not be open,
 kind of pruning the base
 of a small number of stores
 that should not be open
 And just generally, I think, you know, the budget for stores this year before, you know, the pandemic kind of reared its ugly head, we were thinking about 1,200 stores for Mexico.
 So that, you know, that is a level that is a little bit lower than the top that we reached a couple of years ago.
 But, you know, we were already kind of moving into a phase where you're becoming more
 demanding about
 what you expect
 of your new
 stores in order to ensure
 profitability and productivity
 of the new stores, and at the same time, the budget for this year had us with about 150
 these doors outside of Mexico.
 So I think we are in the early stages of that process where international will begin to add more meaningful numbers to the number of stores.
 And obviously, once you get some scale in Colombia, Chile, eventually, hopefully Brazil,
 that this becomes not just a Mexico story,
 but more of a continental story
 So we are at that stage, and I think this year with the pandemic, with the dynamics, we decided to start closing a few of those kind of marginal stores.
 I'm also optimistic on the storefront
 that for central and western Mexico
 So now that we have both portfolios of beers,
 that there will be a large number of locations in places like Guadalajara, León, Querétaro,
 even the Valley of Mexico
 where the fact that you now have the ABI portfolio
 kind of takes a lot of those locations
 that were just short of being viable
 makes them viable and, again, kind of, you know,
 ensures that we can continue to open large numbers of stores in that part of the country.
 I think on the e-commerce front, I mean, a lot of the touch on it in terms of also obviously
 realizing the potential
 and the power of the OXO platform
 to
 bankerize
 people
 or to get people to adopt
 new technologies
 or new products.
 I think we certainly have the Saldaso experience that gives us a lot of comfort in terms of
 our ability to get people to sign up and adopt new means of payment or new means of saving.
 but one thing we don't want to do
 is to over-promise and under-deliver.
 So we are working hard at the three-legged stool of our digital platform at OXO, which involves last-mile delivery.
 and I think more importantly
 the loyalty program, and the eWallet,
 and hopefully we'll have something to show the market
 toward the end of the year.
 And then finally,
 and capital deployment
 I mean
 And, you know, you've seen us for over the years.
 But FEMSA basically has a couple of ways that we grow.
 So we either take what we do well to a new geography
 or we take what we do well
 and we expanded
 by a couple of degrees and examples of this abound,
 whether you're talking about who was in value or Santa Clara or the drugstore
 business where you took kind of also
 and expanded what it does by a few degrees and, you know,
 decide to go into drugstores.
 So I think what we're doing right now,
 And I think the market, to your point, in terms of how you frame the question,
 is still kind of getting its hands around, you know,
 or why it is that we made a couple of investments in the U.S.,
 or how does the Janssen business fit into the overall strategy?
 I think you're seeing us do kind of what we usually do,
 which is figuring out what, you know,
 what we do well
 and then taking it to another country,
 obviously with the benefit of very strong partners as we have in the U.S.
 So we understand that we are adding a little bit of complexity to the org chart.
 we will try to address that
 to the extent that we can
 by increasing the disclosure.
 and when we've spoken about
 how we're going to start opening up the numbers for the logistics business as well as for
 the Janssen business first quarter of next year.
 so you know
 capital deployment, these investments,
 and addressing the complexity that it brings to the equation
 are very much top of mind for the team,
 and hopefully we are in the process of addressing it.
 Got it. Got it.
 No, thank you so much.
 I mean, you guys are extremely good, not the best in the region in terms of large-scale logistics of moving things.
 It's just, I guess, it's a puzzle for a lot of investors and analysts
 why, I mean, that looks
 just if expertise hasn't been moved to,
 like all the way to small delivery, like Eduardo said.
 to the largest point.
 I mean, I know I'm going to say something very humbly
 and things that you already know, but
 Amazon, Tesla, Facebook, all of these companies started without making money initially.
 and they just
 Did you gain the scale, and these Colombian guys were happy?
 it's a question mark
 They're going to be able to control the small drop-size delivery.
 and I just think that
 And I think a lot of investors think that you have a great opportunity,
 you have the balance sheet, you have the expertise,
 and I think that yeah initially
 nobody will make money and probably you get in
 you probably won't make money either
 but once you get the scale
 Eventually, I think consumers will pay a premium for using Uber, for using Paygroup, for using Amazon, and so forth.
 And with a long-term vision that Trenta has,
 I think that a lot of investors are asking why aren't you getting into that
 with more strength in using your muscle and your expertise.
 But anyway, thank you so much for taking my questions.
 Stay safe and have a great day.
 Thank you.
 Thank you all.
 That question, the concept or the notion of the super apps
 and how in other geographies, obviously, things have evolved very quickly.
 but we do have the
 aspiration with the right platform
 and the right partnerships to hopefully become one of those
 or part of one of those SQL systems down the road.
 and leverage, quite frankly,
 the 20,000 bricks and mortar stores that we have,
 which are a differentiating factor
 or these are the other folks.
 Thank you so much, man.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks, Alan.
 Thank you very much.
 And now we'll go to Rodrigo Ecajare of Scotiabank.
 Thank you, guys.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 I just wanted to hear your thoughts on the state of the mom and pop stores in Mexico.
 I mean, on the one hand, it's hard to imagine many will not go on there, of course.
 and we'll build a hand
 higher unemployment, they push many
 to set up shop in the informal economy.
 so in talking
 and what you're seeing on the ground would be appreciated.
 Well, I think the moment post were hardly hit, unfortunately,
 me because of the lack of beer.
 And that was, and also the lack of cigarettes, because it was not going to be dear.
 In cigarettes, I think we were able to prepare ourselves with good inventories.
 but again
 so those two were
 made your
 They have major effects on it.
 On the other hand, I think the traditional mom and pop are closed where people live.
 So I think I would say there are different models on top.
 the world where
 we're
 Mobility was a major role.
 Yes, they've been hardly hit.
 But on the other hand, I think the ones that are in the neighborhoods, I think they're coming up with a good performance.
 I would say also they were better prepared in the returnable bottles than the one, the
 returnable software compared with OPSON.
 So that was a small advantage.
 But, yes, again, I think they will recuperate
 because I think the Coca-Cola system, Bimboa and the like,
 are very much willing
 to support
 and help
 and helping to compete.
 And so I do see that the pandemic, those labors, I think is helping them to sustain.
 But yes, they were very hard to hit the ones that have a lack of beer during these initial
 periods of their downturn.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 to the last question I guess
 you have
 taken some stakes
 in certain startups
 and I've seen
 that one of those
 who's thought
 has been growing quite a bit.
 any insights or
 things that you have learned on the delivery in these stakes that you can share?
 Yes, we've been trying to support with some venture money to support those suppliers
 that are very much in line with us
 that will help us to enhance our value proposition.
 and I don't know
 specifically the one you're talking about, Juan,
 who might have a better idea of this,
 was working not only with technological suppliers,
 but also with
 normal suppliers
 where we couldn't tell them
 to become a larger
 In fact, we did that with a great supplier that we have with Niscafenio,
 which is the one that supported all the coffee operations.
 and I think with that
 knowledge we could be
 of great support to them.
 So this pandemic, all the small vendors, we are helping them to pay them very quickly
 so they don't have this cash currency problem that this pandemic will cause to them.
 And so those are the – yes, but our small-scale suppliers are very important,
 and the strategic ones, we want to invest with them
 so they can grow better and faster to become a major competitive advantage to us.
 Yeah, I think on the Justo or Justo investment, I mean, certainly we're trying to help these new ventures through our FEMSA Ventures arm,
 but also learn about, you know, things that would help us in our own value proposition
 or the way that we operate, and certainly
 the distribution,
 the use of dark warehouses or dark kitchens, dark stores, the handling of perishables.
 These are all things that we would love to be better at and to know more about.
 and this investment in particular
 obviously has turned out to be an interesting one.
 I mean, the amounts involved are not huge relative to the size of FEMSA,
 but certainly it's a startup that is doing very well
 And, of course, I know that you stay close to these companies and their, you know,
 the different rounds of financing and how quickly they're growing.
 and this is so far
 a very nice success story.
 Thank you.
 Great. Thanks.
 Do all of them have fun.
 And we will go to Alvaro Garcia of BTG Pactual.
 Good morning, Eduardo, Juan, Ocranio.
 my question
 I have two questions.
 I'm Heineken.
 And I was wondering if you could comment on whether or not
 your position on the stake, on owning, you know,
 This 15% has changed.
 you're not given the new tax agreement with the Mexican government,
 And two,
 on M&A, fair to say
 or an integration mode
 It would seem to be a nice time to sort of take a breather and integrate a lot of the
 different assets you've bought over the last couple of years.
 President, I have two questions.
 Thank you.
 Well, the Heineken shares, yes, it's a temporary investment.
 that we just have to try to
 a way to deploy that capital in a better way.
 And it is not as optimal as it was in the past, as you're referring.
 but we just have to find
 the right time
 and the right path
 to deploy that capital and have that use of those proceeds.
 The second question, I forgot one – I forgot the second –
 I don't know what's happening.
 Are we ready to take a breather after a lot of activity on the M&A front?
 I think
 I mean I think that the answer to that is yes
 for the most part
 you should expect us to start integrating
 capturing
 synergies and kind of delivering
 on the promise of all of these investments.
 I would say there's probably one exception.
 and, you know, the Janssen platform, you know,
 a big part of the attractiveness of that business involves
 a growth
 through acquisitions
 and eventual
 integration
 and you know
 it's hard to tell at this point whether
 there will be transactions
 kind of coming along in the coming months and quarters.
 but if they were
 Um,
 I think we would be interested in taking looks.
 but other than that
 for the most part, and understanding that M&A is hard to predict.
 So generally speaking, our stance is one of, as you say, kind of sitting a little bit more
 on our hands and digesting
 the number of
 bites that we took over the last 18 months.
 Yes, and, Alvaro, thinking about the fourth platform that we're looking at,
 I think we already have it.
 So we don't think to open a new vector, a different vector for growth.
 the one we have
 is already well established, the proximity, health, and now this Janssen platform, I think
 we already very much
 talk
 we will be very much focused into the platform that we already have.
 Yeah.
 Great, that's very clear. Thank you very much.
 And now we will take our next question from Sergio Matsumoto of Citi.
 Yes, hi, good morning.
 thank you for taking my
 question.
 I have two questions.
 One is I want to go back on the portfolio and the assortment question at OXO.
 you spoke about how you can
 change some of the assortments given the economic slowdown.
 But could you explain more on the assortment changes you can make in the face of the reduced mobility and especially over the long term if this changes the consumer habits?
 Like if the mobility stays low for a long time,
 And that's the first question.
 And the second question is, in Brazil logistics, which are the biggest industries that those businesses serve?
 Thank you.
 I think
 we have
 better
 abilities and competencies to suit the assortment for an economic downturn.
 Lack of mobility, it will be different because really dogs were designed to serve people
 are on the go, are on the street.
 We have had, in the past, the daily and replenishment category,
 and that is the groceries but not really buying the groceries
 and also is really the one that you are left out in your pantry.
 and that's really the occasion
 that we have been serving.
 I think through this pandemic, we've been able to compel the consumer
 that we have a good assortment for that country.
 uh
 um
 uh
 Well, to find the problem that they are left out in your pantry.
 and I think by
 testing for finding more
 they are finding that we have a good practice.
 but I think
 that's
 that
 it will
 you
 like
 Eco-mobility will be in place.
 We'll have to expand that category compared with the –
 Uh, uh, uh,
 quench or some other categories are more designed to serve people that are on the go.
 But I think that would take more time and effort than to adapt to the economic downturn.
 One.
 There's no, I think, I mean,
 on that front, it will
 be interesting for all of us to see
 whether
 the consumer begins to
 privilege, proximity
 even more, right, in terms of these
 traditionally kind of supermarket-type categories
 and whether our assortment and our pricing is compelling enough,
 which obviously
 we will expect that it will be for some of these consumers to decide to not just buy the, you know,
 the cooking oil or the rice that they forgot or that they ran out of during,
 you know, between trips to the supermarket,
 but that they will use also as a more frequent source of this type of products,
 and then we will make the necessary adjustments as we go along.
 I think on
 and I mentioned earlier
 the comment about spirits as another
 potential category
 where we hopefully will become more kind of top of mind for the consumer
 in terms of how good an assortment
 and how good our pricing is for that category.
 I think you also touched on the second part of your question on the categories for Brazil logistics.
 I think generally, as we have been moving towards the LTL, the less than truckload business, and specialized warehousing,
 certainly
 The pharma is an industry that is very well suited for the type of logistics that we do,
 not just in the distribution part
 but also on the workhousing side.
 And in fact, if you look at AGV, the company that we acquired a few months ago, you know,
 their biggest
 their biggest category
 actually has to do with
 health, certain
 be a big component of animal
 or veterinary health, but also
 human health. I think when you think about
 the equation
 or the
 relationship between the size of the
 products, the weight
 and the volume
 and the cost
 and the type of
 uh...
 conditions that they require for their transportation and their storage.
 It's an attractive industry.
 it's a profitable industry
 and it's a very good fit
 with what we do
 So I would say you should expect us to continue to try to grow in that front.
 Obviously, there are others.
 There are CPG products and categories in companies, electronics companies,
 but certainly the health, you know, for both human and veterinary,
 stand out as
 That's probably one of the biggest, if not the biggest.
 Thank you.
 And next question will come from Carlos Laboya of HSBC.
 Good morning, everyone.
 John and Constantine
 Hi, Eduardo.
 John and Constantino spoke of a concentrate price readjustment yesterday.
 as the controlling shareholder
 and with really important rights in your equity agreement with Koch,
 What role is FEMSA playing in this negotiation, and what can you tell us about the long-term
 clarity of profit splits
 with the brand owner
 Are they adequate for you at this point?
 This agreement was signed like four years ago.
 And yes, we want to have, we would love to have a more stable and certain long-term
 relationship model.
 And that is something that is important for us, and important not only for the PIMSense
 for pleasure holder.
 is very important for management
 because the way we compensate management, they have to have some certainty
 because that is very important for the long run
 and also for the minority shareholders.
 The Coca-Cola Company understands this, and I think it really is – you have to be very
 traded and
 empathetic from both sides
 understand that we are the same ship.
 That is very important because probably in the past, we were not as empathetic to understand
 the income state of the Coca-Cola company,
 and probably they were not as empathetic to understand our income statement.
 and I think
 which will be
 a
 conversations that we have had with them.
 we're very most of mine
 and they have a common understanding
 that weren't exactly in the same boat.
 And the current economic circumstances and the current consumer behavior, we have to be very much aligned.
 So we're trying to build as much alignment as possible and certainty
 so we can invest and develop and tackle the consumer the way we can.
 and as I said, we love
 And I think the main two objectives have to be fully aligned, fully aligned,
 and build certainty and trust in the relationship for the long run.
 So the 10-year of the last agreement was a 10-year agreement.
 This one, you just got a negotiation four years ago that you just finished making your last payments on it.
 Do you know what the tenure of this agreement is going forward,
 or are we just really negotiating a long-term agreement now?
 No, we have this established.
 and
 but it's
 something that
 they have the time
 and
 and we
 We cannot disclose this to you without them being fully aware.
 but don't worry
 we're very happy with it and
 And, in fact, we would love to have this kind of agreement everywhere else.
 we've had
 various
 is certainty for the long run and alignment.
 alignment, certainty, and trust.
 That's helpful.
 Well, thank you.
 I think, Carlos, if I could, you know, a few weeks ago in one of the group calls that you've helped us set up with investors,
 You asked me the question of, you know, is it possible to have a long-term relationship with Coke
 where both partners realize a reasonable spread of Roy versus WAC.
 And my answer was, yes, yes, yes, we can, right?
 I mean, yes, it is possible.
 and I think the point I would make right now
 is that this is definitely not at odds
 with what John and Constantino said yesterday.
 I mean, the alignment that Eduardo is talking about,
 the expectation that there is a formula
 where both partners can make the right level of returns
 is what we are looking for.
 Thank you.
 And now we'll take a question from Ricardo Alves of Morgan Stanley.
 Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for the call.
 So most of my questions have been answered, but if I may just insist a little bit more
 on the Gemsan asset.
 I appreciate your comments earlier.
 Now, perhaps a bit more of a strategic question.
 I mean, how do you, you know, how are you going to be unlocking value on this acquisition in the long run?
 money.
 One just mentioned the EM&D potential, but, you know, as you merge the two companies,
 You come up with eventual synergies and so forth.
 what's the plan here in terms of how it fits to the overall sense of platform or
 perhaps just at the globe
 profile of these assets just
 improved a lot to the pandemic, and then, you know, M&A would
 really be the key
 driver
 for
 for future cash generation.
 So just a few thoughts there would be help folk.
 And then just a quick update on the JV in Brazil as well.
 Yeah, I think we have very good platforms for the middle and long run.
 And I think this pandemic has caused some damages.
 but I think
 in the middle of the long-term rehab activities,
 We have the health addition, and we have opportunities there for growth.
 We have the proximity division, and then we have revered statistics of the performance
 that we're making in South America
 and the JV we made in Brazil.
 and also with our partnerships that we have here in the United States,
 We're very optimistic.
 We have two great platforms.
 We have the Jeter Restaurant Depot.
 Without a doubt, Tetro has been eating share part of the competitors, and this is a major
 competitive
 strength
 that they have, and we're very happy about it.
 And on the other hand, in the Janssen business,
 we are
 I think we made
 the right decision
 with the companies in West
 with the bodies that we have
 and the platforms that have been established and the opportunities for integration
 and going forward for a more national footprint.
 as I said
 We don't plan to open up a new vector for growth.
 I think the ones are there, and we just have to be very keen
 and probably this short-term pandemic disturbance cope with it, align better,
 make efficiencies, and probably make some decisions to adjust ourselves to this new environment.
 but we have great platforms for growth in the future.
 Pardon?
 Yeah, I think just following up on what you just said a little bit ago,
 you know, on the whole Janssen platform, there's certainly, you know,
 This is an industry that is very highly fragmented, where you don't really have a huge incumbent.
 as a platform that we are forming
 by combining what's in North America
 already becomes one of the larger players with, you know,
 So Wax has kind of a bias to the West Coast of the U.S.
 A North American out of Chicago has more of a Midwest all the way down to Florida coverage,
 but you really don't have players with anything resembling a big national presence.
 And so the synergy component, the aspiration to integrate more of these assets at the right
 time and in the right way is a big part of, I think, the aspiration that we have for that
 business scale is a beautiful thing
 we have been the beneficiaries
 of scale in many
 of our businesses
 and this is another one
 where we think that could work.
 it's magic, you've done it in the right way
 I think you also mentioned at the end of your question
 something about an update on the JV
 in brazil
 You know, obviously the pandemic throws a little bit of sand into the gears in terms
 So the phase of openings down there.
 But quite frankly, we are almost on track in terms of openings for both the first new stores on the select side,
 on the gas stations of Raizen, but also on the standalone OXO side.
 So we do aspire to start opening stores,
 OXO stores towards the end of the year in Brazil.
 We're already making progress in terms of setting up our first distribution center down there as well.
 so things are going
 very much according to plan
 And like I said, I think the pandemic has not forced the team down in Brazil to depart very much from the original plan.
 obviously this is
 As we've said before, this is not going to be a piece of cake, you know,
 figuring out the right value proposition for the Brazilian OXO
 is going to take a little bit of time
 but the size of the opportunity
 and certainly the partnership that we have make us very, very optimistic
 that this will eventually be an important part of the portfolio.
 and I think the
 financial partnership that we have
 with COSAN
 and I think
 is that we found that
 Proximity Division of India
 you found
 the right way to go into Brazil.
 They're very happy.
 they're learning
 a lot
 In fact, they are learning and they are going to adapt some of the select operations to this new scheme.
 And I think there is a lot of – we see a lot of growth and potential to adjust the value proposition of the select stores
 and the offshore stores in the field, and I think that will be very –
 But it will take time.
 It will take time, but I think we're very optimistic.
 you've got to think
 you so much.
 Now we will go back to a follow-up from Gustavo Oliveira of UBS.
 Thank you for taking my follow-up question, if I may.
 Yesterday at Womack's conference call, they mentioned some risks with respect to the introduction
 of the new labeling
 regulation rules
 that will start already in October.
 could you please help us to understand
 what could be the impact of those
 new labeling rules
 in your
 of business, perhaps during the transition time now as it's implemented in October and
 perhaps in your ability of
 or on your supplier's ability to push for sales growth.
 We think that sometimes too much information for the consumer and it seems like what I've
 I think it's very important to inform the consumer so the consumer can do the better
 decision for the
 their
 I don't know, for their health and nutrition and everything.
 in.
 If the labeling goes a bit too far,
 the presuming might be blocking
 come up
 some of the,
 So, so much information that he doesn't want to have, he's just overloaded by this labeling.
 We don't know really where it will be done.
 And I think, but currently we have been working very closely with the software suppliers.
 and I think we'll be very
 in a very good position to adapt to this new environment.
 we don't see
 major derailers
 happening
 I don't know if you want to add
 to this one
 I mean, just a point that I think on beverages, certainly on the Coke Femza side, generally
 the consumer has been well informed for many years now
 about the calorie count and that sort of thing
 and the industry has been evolving for a while,
 increasing the percentage of the portfolio that has reduced or no calories at all.
 And so I think the challenges from the relabeling involve more the costs
 and kind of the operating conundrums of, you know,
 changing labels or adjusting your packaging, that sort of thing,
 but not so much in terms of the incremental information that the consumer will receive.
 There are other categories where maybe the consumer has not been as exposed to nutritional information.
 and I think for those
 there will be a period of adaptation
 but to Eduardo's point
 I think also is
 very well positioned and
 the flexibility and
 the level of dialogue and cooperation with suppliers
 leads, I think
 it to what
 should be a
 relatively
 the smooth transition when this eventually becomes a fact.
 During this transition, Juan, do you foresee the risk of a more aggressive markdown
 just to get rid of the inventory that is with the old labeling
 or suppliers
 are going to assume
 the cost
 operation. I think that could
 impact your
 your 4Q results or perhaps
 part of your three key results.
 No, but I think if we, I never, the turnover of inventory in Oxford goes very fast.
 And if there will be some opportunities there, we'll be able to make some more money.
 Yes, I think it will be probably an alternative.
 I don't know if one...
 No, I agree with you that our inventory levels tend to be small,
 and the turnover is fast
 And I'm sure we will work with suppliers and come up with promotional activity as required.
 and I don't think it's something that is
 that is causing us to lose a lot of sleep at this point.
 Thank you very much for the clarification. Thank you.
 Thank you, Stav.
 Thank you.
 And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions today.
 I will now turn the conference back to Mr. Padilla for proposing additional remarks.
 Well, thank you, everyone.
 Thank you very much for your participation today.
 Stay safe and be well.
 Thanks, everyone.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to replay the webcast for this call, you may do so at
 SAMHSA's investor relations website.
 This concludes our conference for today.
 Thank you for your participation, and have a nice day.
 All parties may now disconnect.