 Please stand by.
 Good morning and welcome everyone to then some second quarter 2020 financial results conference call.
 please note today's call is being recorded.
 All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise after the presentation
 there will be a question-and-answer session.
 During this conference call, management may discuss certain forward-looking statements
 concerning census future performance and should be considered as good-faith estimates
 made by the company.
 These forward-looking statements reflect management expectations that are based upon currently
 available data.
 results are subject to future events and uncertainties, which can materially impact the company's
 actual performance.
 At this time I would now like to turn the conference over to Eduardo Padilla, FEMA's
 She's Executive Officer.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning, everyone, and welcome to PENSA's second quarter 2020 results conference call.
 I think it's customary.
 One for the takedown.
 and what we call yes or no, zoomed in line.
 and today we're also joined by Eugenio Garza.
 We hope that you and your loved ones are in healthy and safe.
 The second quarter was the most challenging period we have faced operationally in the
 although there were differences in performance among our business units.
 But also, we saw a severe impact from continuing lack of consumer mobility in the geography
 the georgraphic blue turf.
 translated into soft performance for most of our categories and consumer
 locations.
 At the time
 It was compounded by the lack of beer supply,
 but only began to recover in the month of June.
 our health division, fair and better.
 as demand for its production products, remain high,
 hotels were constrained by strict restrictions imposed on consumers and their ability to move
 around particularly in our key South American market.
 The field division was impacted most as vehicle utilization fell quickly and drastically.
 However, from a deeper valley and a relatively dense,
 It is the repair operation that it seems to be rebounding faster.
 For its part, or quite offensive, it was quite decedent.
 Everything, institutions, capabilities to once again,
 adopts to consume in it and minimize the negative impact that is on turn.
 I'll enter all that.
 our team continues to execute at a high level in a very complex environment.
 And we continue to focus on the safety and health of our people and our customers above all else.
 Moving on to the skulls, templates,
 consolidated quarterly numbers.
 Total revenue during the second quarter decreased 10.7 percent while income
 operations decreased 37.5%.
 On an organic basis, total revenues decrease, 14.3%.
 any confrontations decreased by 40.4%.
 For this quarter, the difference between reported
 and organic figures reflect two months of our drug stores
 in Ecuador, a full quarter of the AGV operation in Brazil,
 and 45 days of the Waxi and North American gents
 and distribution platforms acquired in the United States.
 net income decrease significantly driven by number one,
 lower income from operations, as I just described.
 Number two, higher other non-operating expenses
 including artillery charges,
 to the extraordinary payment of almost 8.8 billion persons
 like these with the Mexican box authority, as well as
 impairments, including persistent access at Coca-Cola TEMSA, and the closure of a specialty
 operations.
 And number three, attempts to participate in enhancement results, which were lower relative
 to the comparable figure we reported last year.
 In terms of our consolidated net debt position during the first quarter,
 You didn't agree?
 approximately 10 billion pesos compared to the previous quarter to reach a level of 72 billion
 in person at the end of June.
 You just think that we're in bed in the park,
 It's going to be $900 million in the work in North American platforms, as well as the
 majority of the large back statements mentioned before.
 While we are on the subject of that,
 We should mention that during the quarter,
 would place $100 million in the second reopening
 over 30 years, or the non-inmediated bomb issue.
 bringing the total amount to $2.5 billion,
 which was our original target.
 The weighted average yield for the total insurance was 2.5 percent, which was also
 of our target back in September when we started with this project.
 And I like this because it took us nine months
 We went to the market on three separate occasions in order to get the amount we wanted,
 at the cost we wanted.
 You were very patient and you paid off and this is the approach and this is the approach
 and the deep hidden role we try to bring for financial decisions.
 Moving on to discuss our operations at the beginning with Spencer's commercial
 of commercial property division.
 we should start with a comment about store openings.
 While we managed to open a number of new stores in the quarter,
 We'll also have to close a small percentage
 or our store base due to COVID-19 restrictions and effects.
 Some of the closures will be temporary,
 for some will be permanent as we take these opportunities to remove certain
 and marketing of stores from our base.
 The numbers for the quarter went like this.
 159 new openings, 85 reopening, after remodeling and maintenance, 24 deafening exposures, and
 260 temporary closures.
 As a result, we recorded a net reduction of 40 stores for the second quarter.
 the week 915.net store openings for the last 12 months.
 In addition to the stroke brochures,
 to reduce the number of operating shifts from three to two
 in a large percentage of our stores.
 24-7 operations is not viable or necessary given the current consumer dynamics.
 also seems to themselves were down 12.4%
 for the second quarter.
 reflecting at 24.
 24.1% decline in stored traffic and an increase of 15.4% in average cost customer tickets.
 Here it's also useful to pause and discuss a little bit what happened in the entire quarter
 because we did see meaningful differences
 as the quarter went by.
 During April, as you may recall, we still have relative availability of beer to the most
 over the month, as well as some planning buying
 for certain categories of the product consumers.
 and these mitigated the blow and made April the least
 by month of the quarter for also during May.
 However, we basically depleted our beer inventory
 And we saw the steepest contractions in traffic,
 making the worst month of the quarter.
 Finally, in June, we began to recover better availability,
 Our wheels will begin.
 Looks good.
 a gradual shift in consumer dynamics.
 In the first part of the quarter, most of the consumer demand
 weakness came from mobility restrictions and lockdowns.
 with a thirst and craving occasion suffering
 from the absence of customers going about on the street.
 and the gathering location,
 building from social distancing.
 Are we relating the quarter of the weakness in the man?
 and demand seems to be driven increasingly
 by economic hardship,
 so many consumers have lost their income.
 making the crisis today a bit more similar to prior downstairs,
 or also more pronounced.
 Thanks for watching.
 as much as half of our stores in Mexico were under some type of
 Operating Distiction from Local Authorities,
 to be required.
 often related to the sale of alcohol in certain time windows.
 We expect most of these restrictions to be temporary.
 Moving down the income statement for the second quarter gross margin contracted by 10 basis points
 reflections, reflecting a negative seismic effect caused by the beer shortage in May.
 and improved performance of a daily and replenishment
 in categories, partially upset by how I think
 will be the increase of our services capability.
 Incomproperation decreased almost 66% and operating margin
 contracting eternal 20 basis points.
 reflecting significant operating that we leverage.
 Moving on to Princess Coimbatore Health Division, reviews.
 Our store comes by seven bookstores.
 The amount of temporary closures was enough to set that my number of stores grew up and
 during the quarter.
 I didn't say that.
 that we have a total of 3,189 open units across our territory at the end of June.
 and the Water Amendment 28 total net news source
 of the last two months.
 The revenues increased to 4% while on an organic basis, they decreased 9.1%.
 things to ourselves, decrease, and average 9.8% in Mexican vessels.
 Reflecting the negative impact of the street mobility restrictions implemented in our
 market including curfews.
 partially upset by absurdity performance in operations in Mexico.
 Gross margin expanded by 80 basis points in the quarter.
 Reflecting, number one, a positive self-mix effect given by consumer behavior shifts in
 connection to the pandemic.
 Number two, more effective collaboration
 with people like partners in our operations,
 to judge America.
 At number three, better margin performance
 in our business in Ecuador.
 We're flying super far.
 Operational Best Practices is very very important.
 Operating marketing, contracted 130 basis points.
 reflecting normal operating leverage in South America.
 As we anticipated in the last quarter, since the commercial still deletion, what is most
 exposed to the current environment of loved ones,
 and reviews will be opinioned.
 and the impact is visible in our quarterly results.
 while we were able to add one new station
 to our limited work.
 same station sales decrease and average of almost 50%
 in the second quarter.
 was margin bridge 13.3%.
 or operating margin was 0.8% of top alertness.
 Reflecting considerable operating delivery.
 Operating expenses decreased 15% as a result of tight expense control and increased efficiency.
 As a federal lining in draft returns,
 It seems this business is the one that is recovering more quickly.
 In direct terms, showing the sequential of the two
 in recent weeks, but rising from a very, from a deeper contraction.
 Finally, moving on briefly to Coca-Cola Festa, as John highlighted yesterday, the results
 show as a seeding point in performance in Mexico.
 improvement in Brazil and Colombia and continue the strength in Guatemala.
 They made further progress in development of digital and omni-channel initiatives in
 market and managed to deliver solid profitability in Mexico and Central America, even in the
 the context of the current pandemic.
 For more details, you can listen to the webcast of the Quality Conference call.
 Looking ahead, efficiency remains high, and it is hard to make predictions.
 However, as I mentioned before,
 It seems the crisis is totally boring.
 In the beginning, its main targets were severe health concerns and the lack of consumer mobility.
 and these remain a problem.
 However, we're increasingly seeing the signs of another set of more traditional economic
 heroin coming to play.
 This is not possible, but at least we have more experience with economy downturns.
 As you might imagine, we continue to look for our entire business in an effort to optimize
 of the changes they can face today.
 and for those that seem to be on the way and for those that seem to be on the way.
 And we will continue to work hard to build our company to meet the moment and to come
 out in better shape on the other side.
 And with that, we can open the call for questions.
 Operator.
 Thank you. The question and answer session will begin at this time.
 If you'd like to ask a question during this time, simply press the star.
 then number one on your telephone keypad.
 If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound star two.
 Your question will be taken in the order that is received.
 In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question at a time
 to allow the maximum number of callers to ask their questions.
 Again, that is the one to ask a question.
 and we'll go first to Ben Thurer of Barclays.
 Good morning. Thank you very much for taking the question. I hope you're all safe and sound.
 Eduardo Juan, and well, Oceania, welcome, welcome, boys.
 So my one question would be on the more recent performance
 oxone, it's elaborated how it went through the quarter, but if you could shed a little
 light on the current performance of the most recent weeks into July where we've seen more
 states going into the orange face, some of the re-openings, and if you could also share
 with us on the temporary stock closures. How many of you currently still have closed
 and how do you think the reopening is going to evolve
 of configuring some of the tourist restrictions
 as well as office restrictions that are still in place.
 That will be my question.
 Thank you.
 Thank you then.
 Let me tell you, we are making progress.
 As I said, in the quarter, 50% have distinctions.
 I would say, 35% havers features.
 the sensor cells have improved a little bit.
 mobility is coming still, but there's still, you know,
 So if we, we just pay attention to it,
 to the Google Mobility Index, and the Google Mobility Index in Mexico is down around 40%.
 And that really, I mean, also really lives by the people who are on the go and moving.
 And this is really being the major cost.
 We think that people are beginning to understand
 and adapt to these new environments.
 mobility is coming up little by little, and not only calm mobility, but progression mobility too.
 And I think it all depends that how, why is it going to happen with school systems and
 next...
 with water, what's going to happen with offices opening or keeping it closed.
 So, I think work to me is taking the way that we are understanding the pandemic better.
 You know, I could tell that the lack of contagious of these pandemic in the stores is very low,
 very, very low.
 Basically, the problem that we have had with our personnel
 is more because the lockdowns that lead to the house
 and the lack of care they have with connection
 with some family members, and most of the people that have had the
 that the pandemic goes through the house.
 not really from the traffic to the work or the store.
 So we are optimistic.
 But the thing is that we are feeling now the pain
 that the economic downturn is coming, is staying here,
 And we are drafting the offerings too,
 that we are cautiously optimistic.
 Yeah, that's what we have to be well. Thank you very much
 Our next question will come from Bob Ford of Bank of America.
 America.
 Thank you.
 and thank you for taking my question.
 It would work on your opening conference,
 I think it's in the pretty poor clotchers.
 And that was, it's really for a wider assessment of the store base and how do you think about
 the footprint right now in terms of maybe reallocating those resources to other locations
 So I may be just terming it in anticipation
 of the more traditional headwinds in terms of the slowdown in the economy?
 Well, as I said, a lot of the lockdowns that we have had restrictions of alcoholic curfews
 or lockdowns, or the possibility of the open stores
 in certain commercial areas, and that was the number that we had around 50% have these
 kind of restrictions.
 I think that now, out of the 19,000 stores, there are about 7,000 that have had some kind
 of restrictions. For instance, in the state of Tamaulipas, the previous weekend, we were
 We're not allowed to sell.
 We have to close.
 not only not to alcohol, but to completely destroy it.
 And again, I think local authorities are trying to best,
 the best to adapt and have countermeasures against this pandemic.
 Some are effective and some are not, I would say.
 But the thing is, we try to lobby and understand
 what the authorities are trying to do and help them to accomplish the objectives unnecessarily by
 Bye.
 by obstructing the way we work with the stores.
 I think another problem is really through the long bound lack of social mobility and
 and the social distancing night shifts are very, very weak.
 And we have had some besides the log-bound restrictions that we have some authorities
 or sending alcohol in some stores.
 Also, we are really imposing some of the nice sheets
 because again, there is no consumers around.
 But again, we think that will be temporary and we are adapting the best we can.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you
 And again, as a reminder, that is star one to ask a question, and if you find that you're
 question has been answered, you can remove yourself from the queue by pressing star 2.
 We will now go to Miguel Tortorillo of GPM.
 Have a good morning, everyone.
 Thanks for being here.
 So if you're in the timing of this crisis that came right after you bought or invested
 a couple of companies, which of them would you say that have had the most challenging
 and start now in the sense of direction.
 You know, we're very happy with the, with our partners and with the companies we acquired.
 There are the gens from business, and as you imagine,
 again has a great demand for the products.
 Out of the two, Waxi is more focused to Janssen and North American, he had a more diverse
 platform and in fact North American had to sell to some hospitality customers and I think
 probably that is the one that has suffered the most,
 But I think both companies have adopted
 the members of the community's environment,
 they needed to protect their employees and at the very same time try to serve the customers.
 So we're extremely happy with him.
 We have great partners, and I think that we are going to build a historic platform with
 the help of them, and we look forward with a very optimistic future.
 I think I would add, let me get this one.
 even on the jet director and depot which is also one of the recent investments which being
 That's explosive.
 hard to the restaurant sector, one would think, or at least one would have thought a few months
 ago that this would be a complicated period for them.
 I'm not saying it hasn't been complicated,
 but certainly they have been adjusting
 in navigating the situation,
 quite frankly, exceeding that, please,
 my personal expectations, which kind of confirms our view that this is a very well positioned
 and very well-run company.
 So they have been doing, as I said, better than expected, adjusting, and I think they're
 customers as well, the little restaurants adapting to, you know, curbside, delivery, and things
 begin to open up in many of the markets that they serve.
 So overall, I would say, on the restaurant depot front,
 You know, a positive surprise.
 All right, thanks.
 Thank you.
 And now we will take a question from Marcella Rocheta of Credit Suisse.
 If you could check your mute function, we're unable to hear you.
 Hi. Are you listening me now?
 Yes.
 Please go ahead with your file.
 OK.
 Hi, Juan, hi, Eduardo, hope you are well.
 Just two quick questions here from one side.
 The first one is about DNA.
 I saw that basically your DNA increase it across the business division, so just to understand
 what's driving such increase.
 And secondly, very briefly, if you can give you
 so your impressions about the Mexican pension reform
 in terms of potential impacts for our funds.
 Thank you very much.
 Well, I will go to the second one and I think net one answer the first one the pressure informer. I think is
 is this whole web there, and I think it's a good thing that we all together try to solve
 because it would be very difficult for the criminal movement to solve.
 And what we would like to have to solve it in a desperate way.
 And that could be dropped.
 economic environment in Mexico.
 I think what we have for the future is kind of painful,
 But I think it's what the right thing to do.
 And I think between the private companies and the government, I think it's a good sign
 that we are together here to fix the hole for the long run.
 And the other one, Juan, why don't you go and try to answer the very first question, please?
 Yes.
 Yes, hi, Marcela.
 So we are having some amortization of IT investments, I think on the oxo front, they have continued
 to invest in their new versions of some of the software as well as developing the digital
 platforms across the board.
 We have had some closures of stores and we've had some asset write-downs, both at Coke
 fence and at FEMSA. So I think that would be playing a part on that. Obviously, we can
 also follow up offline in terms of, you know, making the numbers match. But I think of it
 top of our heads that those are transits that come to mind.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much guys
 Thank you
 And next, we will go to Gustavo Olivairea of UBS.
 Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thank you. Thank you for taking my question.
 It's on also gross margin.
 You mentioned that your numbers are actually very good.
 There was a very little contraction there.
 You mentioned that the beer shortage, obviously,
 but that was offset by the service category on the recovery.
 Do you think that you could actually see an expansion here of gross margin?
 I don't know if the service category, we remain strong, and the beer clearly could recover.
 over, could you please elaborate a bit on the trend for the growth margin for OXO?
 Well, let me give you our suppliers and us are concerned with the lack of consumer economics
 But what we're trying to do is it's to come up with different offerings to really
 to …
 to meet the demand.
 And here, we have our suppliers and our partners,
 and I'm trying to do something great for them, for the consumer in current times.
 But I don't know, Juan, why don't you go and go
 for the details of the numbers, please.
 Sure.
 I think of the gross margin, I mean, historically or at least for a long time now, the two main
 drivers of gross margin expansion have been the financial services category and the commercial
 the income that we receive from our supplier partners.
 Right now, as Eduardo has said, I think a positive surprise has been the resilience and even
 the, you know, faster growth of financial services during the downturn as consumers
 have kind of made sure that they're keeping current with their, with their memberships
 and their utilities and realizing or taking advantage of the fact that it's a lot easier
 to go to also than to go to the bank and it's less time consuming and so even though financial
 services had been contracting or at least it had been growing less in recent quarters
 in the last two or three quarters,
 This quarter, actually, the growth came in in the high single digits, which was a positive
 surprise and I think contributes to the high growth margin.
 The other question on commercial income is a little bit trickier because some of those
 agreements, as Eduardo also referred to, are tied to volume.
 And so it's hard to predict.
 I mean, we do need volumes to come up,
 transactions to go up for commercial income to go up, you know, in consequence.
 So...
 So I would say visibility for growth margin is not as clear as we would like.
 I wouldn't necessarily predict at this point that we will continue to expand it more than
 more than trend, but at least during the second quarter it did kind of hold its own.
 Thank you. I think it's very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 I will also add that probably the where a small increase also in the lack of beer also
 shift the man to some of the alcoholic beverages.
 And that those have, that's the marketing that we'll be to.
 And that actually brings up an interesting point a lot of all because obviously you're
 You're right, consumers did shift to higher consumption of spirits during the quarter.
 And interestingly, I think what the OXO colleagues were observing in recent weeks was that even
 even as the beer came back that the volume for spirits was still holding up strong, so
 So maybe, you know, in the effort to look for the silver lining or the glass half full,
 You know, consumers realize what the assortment and the pricing is for spirits at the Oxford
 stores that this becomes a category that is stronger than historically, because historically
 we haven't saw as much spirit as we are selling right now.
 So hopefully this remains after the pandemic is gone.
 And we'll move on to our next question, and that'll be from Alan Lanets of Santander.
 Thank you so much. Good morning, everyone.
 It's what I want.
 Well, I learned.
 And it looks like we may have lost Alan.
 And we'll go next to Ulysses Arkate.
 Hi everyone, thanks for the space for questions.
 So here I wanted to get your thoughts a little bit
 on any potential product portfolio rationalization.
 And maybe if you can share any color on what you're seeing in terms of the ship being mixed
 more recently.
 July, maybe going back a little bit more to the more profitable categories that you guys
 have there.
 Thank you.
 You know unless we think that this lack of community will stay for a very long period of time
 time, which we don't think it is the case.
 I think we have to adapt better and we have to adapt more to the lack of consumer economic
 power and by probably with a different assortment, probably they're looking for cheaper or less
 expensive problems.
 our returnable soft drinks is not as strong as we should have it now, and those kind of
 sheets, we can foresee it for the future.
 But not necessarily in the types of consumer demand of first, or very fast, or people gathering
 depending on we think that eventually those those type of consumer demand will
 state.
 It is more lack of economic power to consume it that we're more concerned than the real
 So, that's it.
 Thank you.
 of occult tumor locations.
 That's perfect.
 and a bit more on the short term,
 I'm kind of thinking now on June, July after the beer category is back and et cetera, do
 Do you have any color that you can share with us kind of there on this sheet back?
 Let's begin in mix.
 Yeah, one.
 Yeah, I think one thing to kind of highlight and I think Eduardo touched on it in his opening remarks was that the quarter itself was a little bit of a, I don't know if a V-shape, it's a little bit of a strong descriptor,
 But certainly, the trough of the trend was the month of May,
 And we believe that, we hope and believe that will mark the lowest point of this downturn
 It should be the month of May.
 And then as a deer comes back, it helps everything, right?
 It helps operating leverage, and it helps margins, and generally begins to turn this
 into a more traditional downturn, so to speak.
 And so, you know, as a lot of us said in the beginning, we are seeing improving metrics
 and improving traffic and really the one concern I have is not to convey the view that, you
 you know, once the mobility restrictions are gone,
 that we go back to normal immediately, right?
 because we are seeing this symptoms and signs
 of a more traditional economic driven downturn,
 but again, you know, when you go dry
 And this had never happened before on the beer side.
 Obviously you have both of our suppliers
 in the beer front working hard to restock the shelves.
 Consumers themselves are probably buying a little bit more beer than they normally do to make sure they don't go dry again
 And so, you know, you're seeing positive trends on some of these important categories, especially beer.
 So, I would expect that to continue and, you know, we will obviously make the adjustments
 It's a lot of a reference in terms of packaging and mix for some important categories.
 I think we need to be careful and work hard at understanding how, you know, how quickly
 end and what the new normal eventually ends up looking like in the sense that we will,
 I'm sure adapt our valuable position to that, whether it means, you know, some incremental
 SKUs or a shift in the mix and that sort of thing so we're we're still not at the end of this
 but we know more about how the consumer is adjusting habits than we did a couple of months ago.
 and we are acting in consequence.
 Perfecto. Muchas gracias, Eduardo Juan.
 Yes. Yes. And we will now go back to Alan Alanis of Santander.
 Thank you so much.
 Let's see if this time works.
 Thank you so much.
 Thanks for taking my question, and again, good morning.
 I hope you guys are in your time and be safe.
 It was a lot of fun.
 I mean, we on the cell side, most of us
 have a buy rating on this talk, I mean, because of the evaluation of work so implied here.
 Now the result of this quarter, I get the question, is this result putting to question
 the biggest model of OXO in the long run.
 the first quarter ever that you closed doors.
 So I guess the specific question is, what, in sorry if I mentioned it, what do you expect
 of regarding store openings, going forward.
 And the second thing, and this is the question we get a lot, and I'm sure Juan also gets it a lot.
 I don't want to go.
 It's why they're reluctant to stay away from e-commerce, and that's really a joke with
 me saying every time you guys mentioned the compiler with Amazon or so forth, just talk
 react positively, why not invest in a basement or in a second drawer, in as many options
 as possible to use them as a distribution for e-commerce and members of staff, especially
 giving the changes of the pandemic will cost.
 The third and last question I have to do with capital deployment.
 I mean, I think that the pushback has been really key
 in terms of capital deployment.
 And Rob, did you mention about patients in discipline?
 I think that it's very clear for investors that you're
 that are very patient, but what can you expand on in terms of giving comfort to investors
 that you will remain disciplined in terms of that capital deployment, giving the very
 strong balance should increase the generation that you generate.
 and I hope it will be my questions.
 Thank you so much.
 Well, let me tell you, we are very optimistic of oxygen in the middle and long run.
 I think we have a good public platform and it's just that we have the right consumer
 adjustments in the lack of mobility that will help us to be on track again.
 In terms of your question about the e-commerce, we're very much – we are doing things that
 we're –
 We are not prepared yet to disclose, but I think we are in the financial sector.
 We see the evolution there, and we have to be prepared.
 and also the loyalty towards the ladies
 and connected with the national platform.
 We, the current, the current, if you want to see,
 Those are the ones, the linkages that we're making with the current platforms like Amazon
 and everything will be up to me to get with those two.
 What we don't know yet is the home delivery.
 home delivery still, we don't see how the impact, the ones that are doing home delivery
 in small purchases, not groceries,
 But smoke purchases, like the ones we deliver,
 nobody makes money
 nobody makes money and they are still trying to catch up and find a better way.
 So if we were in the grocery business,
 Without doubt, that will be delivering a lot of things
 for the homes, because economically those make sense.
 And the other ones we haven't seen yet, although we have some tests to deliver in a very efficient
 with some backstores and everything.
 But I think there are still some learning and efficiencies to come into place to perform better.
 I don't know who you want to add to the question, Juan.
 Thank you, Robert. Yes, I do. I think Alan's first attempt at the question didn't work,
 but the second attempt, he made sure that he covered for a month those big topics.
 So I will try to add to some of these.
 So on the storefront, Alan, you know, I think what we're seeing is, you know, we have for
 a number of years with an opening, more stores every year than the previous, you know, we
 got as high as 1350 I think at the top and what we're doing right now is we're taking
 this opportunity to look at the, you know, the, you know, there's a layer of stores
 that are probably marginal in terms
 of what they're contributing to the numbers.
 And we're figuring out which of those stores actually should not be open, kind of pruning
 the base of a small number of stores that should not be open, and just generally I think
 I think, you know, the budget for stores this year before, you know, the pandemic kind of reared its ugly head.
 thinking about 1,200 stores for Mexico.
 So that, you know, that is a level that is a little bit lower than the top that we reached
 a couple of years ago, but we were already kind of moving into a phase where you're
 are becoming more demanding about what you expect of your new stores in order to ensure
 profitability and productivity of the new stores, and at the same time the budget for
 this year had us with about 150 stores outside of Mexico so I think we are in the early stages
 of that process where international will begin to add, you know,
 more meaningful numbers to the number of stores and obviously once you get some
 scale in Colombia, Chile, eventually hopefully Brazil, that it becomes not just a Mexico
 of a continental story, but more of a continental story.
 So we are at that stage, and I think this year,
 with the pandemic, with the dynamics,
 We decided to start closing a few of those kind of marginal stores.
 I'm also optimistic on the storefront that for Central and Western Mexico, now that we
 We have both portfolios of beers, that there will be a large number of locations in places
 like Guadalajara, Leon, Guadalajara,
 even the value of Mexico were the fact that you now have the
 the IPortfolio kind of takes a lot of those locations that were just short of being viable
 makes them viable
 And again, kind of, you know, ensures that we can continue to open large numbers of stores
 in that part of the country
 I think on the e-commerce front, I mean, a lot of the touch on it in terms of also obviously
 realizing the potential and the power of the OXO platform to bankerize people or to
 get people to adopt new technologies or new products.
 and I think we certainly have the cell basal experience
 that gives us a lot of comfort in terms of our ability to get people to sign up and adopt
 a new means of payment or a new means of saving.
 But one thing we don't want to do is to overpromise and underdeliver.
 So...
 We are working hard at the three-legged stool of our digital platform at OXO,
 which involves left-mild delivery,
 And I think more importantly, the loyalty program and the eWallet, and hopefully we'll
 will have something to show the market toward the end of the year, and then finally on capital
 deployment.
 I mean, you know, you've seen us for over the years.
 FEMSA basically has a couple of ways that we grow.
 We either take what we do well to a new geography or we take what we do well and we expand it
 by a couple of degrees and examples of this bound,
 whether you're talking about Hugo Del Valle or Santa Clara
 or the drugstore business where you took kind of oxon and expanded what it does by a few
 degrees and you're going into drugstores.
 So I think what we're doing right now,
 I think the market, to your point, in terms of how you find the question, is still kind
 of getting its hands around, you know, why it is that we made a couple of investments
 in the U.S., or how does the Janssen business fit into the overall strategy.
 I think you're seeing us do kind of what we usually do, which is figuring out what, you
 what we do well and then taking it to another country, obviously with the benefit of very
 strong partners as we have in the U.S.
 So we understand that we are adding a little bit of complexity to the org chart.
 chart, we will try to address that to the extent that we can by increasing the disclosure
 And when we've spoken about how we're going to start opening up the numbers for the logistics
 business as well as for the Janssen business, first quarter of next year.
 So capital deployment, these investments and addressing the complexity that it brings
 to the equation are very much top of mind for the team and hopefully we are in the process
 addressing it.
 No, thank you so much.
 I mean, you guys are extremely good, not the best in the region in terms of large scale
 logistics of moving things. If you think it's a puzzle for a lot of investors and
 I don't know why.
 I mean, with that logistic perspective,
 things have been moved to, like, all the way to small delivery, like,
 I mean, I know I'm going to say something very humbly and things that you already know,
 But Amazon, Tesla, Facebook, all of these companies started without making money initially.
 and the biggest educated hill and this Colombian guy is wrapping it's a question mark if they're
 they're going to be able to control
 small drop-side delivery, and I think a lot of investors think that you have a great
 opportunity, you have the balance, you have the expertise, and I think that, yeah, initially,
 Nobody will make money, you probably won't make money either.
 But once you get the scale, eventually I think consumers will pay a premium for using Uber
 for using Pate Group, for using Amazon, and so forth.
 and with a long term vision, the term to ask.
 I think that a lot of investors are keen why aren't you getting into that with more strength
 and using your muscle and your expertise.
 But anyway, thank you so much for picking my questions.
 Stay safe, stay safe, and have a great day.
 Thank you.
 Thank you all.
 I just want to ask that question, you know, the concept or the notion of the super apps
 and how in other geographies, obviously, things have evolved very quickly.
 But we do have the aspiration with the, you know, with the right platform and the right
 partnerships to hopefully become one of those or part of one of those ecosystems down the
 And leverage, quite frankly, the 20,000 bricks-and-mortar stores that we have, which are differentiating
 factor we said the other folks.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay.
 Thanks, captain.
 And now we'll go to Rodrigo Ecajare of Scotiabank.
 Thank you, guys.
 Thanks for looking at my question.
 I just want to hear your thoughts on the state optimum pop stores in Mexico.
 On the one hand, it's hard to imagine many will not go on there, of course.
 And on the other hand, hire an employee and they push many sort of shop in the e-form
 So, any thoughts on what you're seeing on the ground would be appreciated.
 Well, I think the moment both were hardly hit unfortunately because of the lack of beer and that was
 and also the lack of cigarettes, because he was not going to be here.
 And she, guys, I think we were able to, uh, to, uh, uh,
 and prepare ourselves with the good inventories.
 But again, so those two were major, they have major effects on it.
 In the other hand, I think the traditional moment of the art closed where people leave.
 So, I think I would say there are different modern pops to where mobility was a major
 Yes, it didn't hardly hit.
 But these ones are in the neighborhoods.
 I think they're coming up with a good performance.
 I will say also they were better prepared in the returnable bottles that the one, the returnable
 or something compared with also.
 So that was more than it.
 But yes, again, I think they will recuperate,
 because I think the co-cual assistant,
 being born and alive, are very much willing to support and help and help them to compete.
 So I do see that the pandemic, those labors,
 I think it's helping them to sustain, but yes, but they were very hard to hit the ones
 that have lack of beer during these initial periods
 So there's answer.
 Great, thank you.
 And just related to the last question, I guess, you have taken some stakes in certain startups
 and I've seen that one of those who still has been growing quite a bit.
 Any insights or things that you have learned on the delivery in these states that you can share?
 Yes, we've been trying to support with some pension money to support those suppliers that
 are very much aligned with us.
 that will help us to enhance our value proposition.
 And I don't know if there's any people who are wondering
 probably have a one who might have a better idea of,
 But, yes, we're working not only with technological suppliers,
 We're also with normal suppliers where we can help them to become larger, and in fact,
 We did that with a great supplier that we have with USCAFENIO, which is the one that's
 which imported all the coffee operations.
 And I think with that knowledge,
 we could be of great support to them.
 So with this pandemic,
 We also,
 All the small vendors, we are helping them to pay them very quickly so they don't have
 this cash crunch problem that this pandemic will cost to them and so that those are the
 Yes, but our small scale suppliers are very important.
 And it's a PG once we want to invest with them
 so they can grow better and faster to be going
 made your career better than that to us.
 Yeah, I think on the justo investment, I mean, certainly we're trying to help these new ventures
 to our FEMSA Ventures arm, but also learn about things that would help us in our own
 value proposition or the way that we operate and certainly distribution, the use of, you
 of dark, dark warehouses or dark kitchens, dark stores, the handling of perishables.
 These are all things that we would love to be better at and to know more about and this
 investment in particular obviously has turned out to be an interesting one, I mean the amounts
 involved are not huge relative to the size of FEMSA, but certainly it's a startup that
 is doing very well. And of course, I know that you stay close to these companies and
 There are the different rounds of financing and how quickly
 they're growing and this is so far a very nice success story.
 Thanks, Eduardo, have a good one.
 And we will go to Alvaro Garcia of BTG Pactual.
 Good morning, Eduardo, Juan, Ocainu.
 My question has two questions.
 Sorry, I have two questions.
 Thank you everyone.
 I was wondering if you could comment on whether or not
 your position on the stake, on owning,
 You know, this 15% has changed.
 are not given a new tax agreement with the Mexican government, and two, on MMA, fair to
 say, or an integration mode, it seemed to be a nice time to
 search.
 to take a breather and integrate a lot of the different assets you bought over the last
 a couple of years, doesn't have two questions.
 Thank you.
 Well, the Heineken shares, yes, it's a temporary investment.
 We just have to find a way to deploy that capital in a better way.
 way, and it is not as optimal as it was in the past, as you're referring to me, but we
 We just have to find the right time and the right path to deploy that capital and have
 that use of those proceeds.
 The second question, I forgot one, I forgot the second.
 I don't know what's happening.
 Are we ready to take a breather after a lot of activity of the M&A front?
 I think that the answer to that is yes, for the most part you should expect us to start
 integrating
 .
 capturing synergies and kind of delivering
 on the promise of all of these investments.
 I would say there's probably one exception.
 You know, the GEN platform, you know, a big part of the attractiveness of that business
 involves a growth through acquisitions and eventual integration and, you know, it's
 It's hard to tell at this point whether there will be transactions kind of coming along
 in the...
 coming months and quarters, but if they were, I think we would be interested in taking looks,
 other than that for the most part and understanding that MNA is hard to predict, generally speaking
 I think that our stance is one of, as you say, kind of sitting a little bit more on
 our hands and digesting the number of bites that we took over the last 18 months.
 Yes, I'm thinking about the fourth platform that we are looking at, and I think we already
 have it.
 So we...
 We don't think to open a new vector, a different vector for growth with the one we have already
 was published, Epoximity, Health, and now these young
 I think we already very much talk.
 We will be very much focused into the platform that we already have.
 Great, that's very clear. Thank you very much.
 And now we will take our next question from Sergio Matsumoto, a city.
 Yes.
 Hi.
 Good morning.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 I have two questions.
 And one is I want to go back on the portfolio and sort of in question at OXO.
 You spoke about how you can change some of the thoughtments given the economic slowdown,
 Now, could you explain more on the assortment changes you can make in the face of the reduced
 mobility, and especially over the long term, if this changes the consumer habits, like
 if the mobility stays low for a long time.
 And that's the first question, and the second question is,
 in Brazil logistics, which are the biggest industries that those businesses serve?
 Well, I think we have better abilities and competencies to suit the assortment for our
 an agonistic downturn.
 Lack of mobility is, it will be different,
 because really, it's also designed to serve people
 are on the go, are on the streets.
 We have a hand in the past, the daily and replenishment
 category and that is the groceries, but not really buying the groceries and also is really
 is the one that you are left out in your country.
 And that's really the occasion that we have been serving.
 I think through this pandemic, we've been able to compel
 and the consumer that we have a good assortment of for that country will to find the problem
 that you are left out in your country.
 And I think by testing for finding more,
 They are planning that we have a good price.
 But I think that category, lack of mobility will be in place.
 We'll have to expand that category compared with the bunch or some other categories that
 I'm more designed to serve people that are on the go.
 But I think that would take more time and effort
 and effort than to adapt to the economy downturn.
 No, I think on that front it will be interesting for all of us to see whether the consumer
 begins to privilege proximity even more, right, in terms of these traditionally kind
 and supermarket type categories and whether our assortment and our pricing is compelling
 enough that we will expect that it will be for some of these consumers to decide to not
 just by the, you know, the cooking oil or the rice that they forgot or that they run
 out of, you know, between trips to the supermarket, but that they will use also as a more frequent
 source of this type of product and then we will make the necessary adjustment tests as
 as we go along.
 I think on, and I mentioned earlier,
 you know, the comment about spirits as another potential category where we hopefully will
 will become more kind of top of mind for the consumer in terms of how good an assortment
 and how good our pricing is for that category.
 I think you also touched on the second part of your question
 on the categories for Brazil logistics.
 I think, generally, as we have been moving towards the LTL,
 the lead and truck load business, and specialized work
 housing. Certainly, pharma is an industry that is very well suited for the type of logistics
 that we do, not just in the distribution part,
 but also on the workhouse inside.
 In fact, if you look at AGV, the company that we acquired a few months ago, they're biggest
 category actually has to do with health, certainly a big component of animal or
 or veterinary health, but also human health.
 I think when you think about the equation or the relationship
 between the size of the products, the weight,
 and the kind of volume and the cost
 and the type of conditions that they require
 for the transportation and their storage.
 It's an attractive industry, it's a profitable industry.
 And it's a very good fit with what we do.
 So I would say you should expect this to continue to try to grow in that front.
 Obviously, there are others.
 There are CPG products and categories in companies, electronics companies, but certainly the health
 for both human and veterinary stand out as probably one of the biggest, if not the biggest.
 Thank you
 And next question will come from Carlos Loboy of HSBC.
 Good morning everyone.
 John and Constantino spoke of a concentrated price readjustment yesterday as the controlling
 shareholder and with really important rights in your equity agreement with COKE, what role
 is sense of playing in this negotiation and what can you tell us about the long-term clarity
 of profit split with the brand owner?
 Are they adequate for you at this point?
 So these agreements were signed like four years ago.
 And yes, we would love to have a more stable,
 a certain, long-term relationship model.
 And that is something that is important for us.
 And important not only for the principal, but for the chairholder.
 It's very important for management because the way we compensate the management,
 They have to have some certainty because that is very important for the long run and also for the minority shareholders.
 You know, the Guacana Company is understanding this,
 and I think it really is...
 But you have to be creative and technic from both sides, understand that we are the same
 ship.
 important, because probably in the past, we were not as empathetic to understand the
 the inconsistent record company,
 and probably they were not as empathetic to understand
 our income statement.
 And I think with these conversations that we have with them, we are very much aligned
 And they have a common understanding
 that weren't expecting the same boat.
 and the current economic circumstances,
 and the current consumer behavior,
 We have to be very much aligned.
 So we're trying to build as much a line as possible.
 alignment as possible and certainly so we can invest and develop and tackle the consumer
 the most we can and as I said we love and I think the main two objectives have to be
 full
 You're welcome, you're welcome.
 for the line and the built-in team
 and trust in the relationship for the long run.
 So the tenure of the last agreement was a 10-year agreement.
 this one
 You just got a negotiation four years ago
 that you just finished making your last payment on it.
 Do you know what the tenure of this agreement
 going forward or are we just really negotiating a long-term agreement now?
 No, we have this established, but it's something that they have defined, and we cannot disclose
 this to you without them being fully aware.
 But don't worry, we're very happy with it.
 And in fact, we would love to have these kind of agreements
 everywhere else we've had during the certainty for the long run and alignment.
 and certainty and trust.
 That's helpful.
 Thank you.
 If I could, you know, a few weeks ago, in one of the group
 calls that you've helped us set up with investors, you asked me the question of, you know, is
 It's possible to have a long-term relationship with Coke where both partners realize a recent
 spread of Royce versus Wack, and my answer was yes, yes, yes, we can, right?
 I mean, yes, it is possible, and I think the point I would make right now is that this
 This is definitely not at odds with what John and Constantino said yesterday.
 alignment that is always talking about, the expectation that there is a formula where
 both partners can make the right level of returns is what we are looking for.
 Thank you
 And now we'll take a question from Ricardo Alves of Morgan Stanley.
 Thank you.
 Good morning gentlemen.
 for the call, most of my questions would be answered,
 but if I may just assist a little bit more on the gents
 I appreciate your comments earlier.
 Thank you.
 perhaps a bit more of a strategic question.
 I mean, how do you, you know, how are you going to be unlawful value on this activation
 in the long run. One just mentioned the EBM and the potential, but you know as you merge
 the two companies. You come up with a bunch of synergies and so forth. What's the plan
 here in terms of how it shapes to the overall sense of platform, or perhaps we just had
 the growth profile of these assets just includes a lot of the dynamic and then, you know, in
 and A would really be the key driver
 for future cash generation.
 So just a few thoughts there would be held, folks.
 And then just a quick update on the JVM Brazil as well.
 Yeah, I think we have a very good platform for the medium and long run.
 I think this pandemic has caused some damages, but I think when the millions won't be available
 If we have the health addition and we have opportunities to bear full growth, we have
 the proximity division and then we have a very specific of the of the
 the performance we're making in South America,
 and the JD we made in the field.
 and also with all the partnerships that we have here
 in the United States, we're very optimistic.
 We have two great documents.
 We have the JetRestaurant depot, without doubt,
 The echo has been eating share part of the behavior of the spectators, and as these are
 that made you competitive, the strength that they have,
 And we'll be happy, guys.
 And the other hand, in the giant kind of business,
 We are, I think we made the right decision
 with the companies in West, with the parties that we have,
 And the platforms that have been established and the opportunities for integration, I'm
 going forward for a more national footprint.
 As I said, we don't plan to open up a new vector for growth.
 I think the ones are there, and we just have to be very keen, and probably this short-term
 turn a pandemic disturbance cope with it, align better, make
 Thank you.
 and probably make some decisions
 adjusted ourselves to the new environment, but we have great
 platforms for growth in the future.
 All right.
 one.
 Yeah, I think I was just following up on what you just said at the level, you know, on the
 the whole Jensen platform, they're certainly, you know,
 which is an industry that is very highly fragmented,
 where you don't really have a huge incumbent as a platform
 that we are forming by combining Washington and North American already becomes one of
 the larger players, you know, Wax has a kind of a bias to the West Coast of the U.S., North
 South American out of Chicago has more of a Midwest although we're down to Florida coverage
 but you really don't have players with anything resembling a big national presence.
 And so the synergy component, the aspiration to integrate more of these assets at the right
 time and in the right way, it's a big part of I think the aspiration that we have for
 with that business.
 Scale is a beautiful thing.
 We have been the beneficiaries of scale in many of our businesses and this is another
 one where we think that could work.
 It's magic.
 they've done it in the right way.
 I think you also mentioned at the end of your question
 something about an update on the JV in Brazil.
 Obviously, the pandemic.
 throws a little bit of sand into the gears in terms of the phase of openings down there,
 So, quite frankly, we are almost on track in terms of openings for both the first and
 new stores on the select side, on the gas stations of Raisen, but also on the stand-alone
 on OXO side, so we do aspire to start opening stores,
 Oxford stores towards the end of the year.
 In Brazil, we're already making progress in terms of setting up our first distribution
 center down there as well.
 So things are going very much according to plan.
 And like I said, I think the pandemic has not
 forced the team down in Brazil to depart very much
 from the original plan.
 Obviously, as we've said before, this is not going to be a piece of cake, you know, figuring
 out the right value proposition for the Brazilian also, it's going to take a little bit of time,
 the size of the opportunity and certainly the partnership that we have make us very
 very optimistic that this will eventually be an important part of the portfolio.
 And I think the partnership that we have with Koshan,
 And I think we found that in the proximity of the division
 in the Pentecom as you found the right way to go into the game.
 They're very happy.
 They are learning a lot.
 In fact, they are learning through a,
 and they're going to be adopted.
 some of the select operations to these new schemes.
 And I think there's a lot of, we see a lot of growth
 and potential to adjust the vital position of the GeneX stores
 and the offshore storage in the field.
 And that seems that will be very, but it will take time.
 It will take time, but I think we're very optimistic.
 Got it. Thank you so much
 Now we will go back to a follow-up from Gustavo Oliveira of UBS.
 Thank you for taking my follow-up question, if I may.
 Yesterday at Walmax conference called, they mentioned some risks with respect to the introduction
 of the new labeling regulation rules that will start already in October.
 Could you please help us to understand what could be the impact of those new labeling rules
 in your Oxford business, perhaps doing the transition time now as it implemented a little
 and perhaps in your ability or on your supplier's ability to push for sales growth.
 We think that sometimes too much information for the consumer and it seems like what I've
 in learning, I think it's very important to inform the consumers so the consumer can
 and do the better decision for the health and nutrition and everything.
 Thank you very much.
 If the labeling goes a bit too far,
 The consumer might be blocking some of the information that he doesn't want to have.
 be just overloaded by these, they mean.
 We don't know really where it was done.
 And I think the cruelty we have been working very closely
 with the software suppliers.
 And I think we'll be in a very good position
 to adapt to these new environments.
 We don't see major of these raises happening.
 I don't know if you want to add to this one.
 I mean I just just the point that I think on on on beverages certainly on the Pope from society generally
 The consumer has been well informed for many years now about the, you know, the calorie
 account and that sort of thing and then the industry has been evolving for a while, increasing
 the percentage of the portfolio that has reduced or no calories at all.
 And so I think the, you know, the challenges from the relabeling involve more, you know,
 the costs and the operating conundrums of changing labels or adjusting your packaging,
 that sort of thing, but not so much in terms of the incremental information that the consumer
 they will receive.
 There are other categories where maybe the consumer
 has not been as exposed to nutritional information.
 And I think for those, there will be
 a period of adaptation.
 But to add to that, I want to thank you
 Guadalupe's point, you know, I think also it's very well positioned and the flexibility
 and the level of dialogue and cooperation with suppliers leads, I think, to what should
 be a relatively smooth transition when this eventually becomes a fact.
 During this transition, Juan, and the other...
 Do you foresee the risk of a more aggressive markdown
 just to get rid of the inventory that is with the old labeling
 and before our suppliers are going to assume
 the cost of that operation.
 I think that could impact your 4Q results, or perhaps
 A lot of your QQ results.
 No, but I think it's a weak-
 The turnover of inventory also goes very fast, and there will be some opportunities there
 What would it look like to make some money?
 Yes, I think it will be probably an alternative.
 I don't know, one.
 No, I agree with you that our inventory levels tend to be small and the turnover is fast
 And I'm sure we will work with suppliers and come up with promotional activity as required.
 I don't think it's something that is causing us to lose a lot of sleep at this point.
 Thank you very much for the clarification.
 Thank you.
 And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions today.
 I will now turn the conference back to Mr. Padilla for posing additional remarks.
 Well, thank you, everyone.
 Thank you very much for your participation today.
 Stay safe.
 and be well.
 Thanks everyone gentlemen
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to replay the webcast for this call, you may do so at
 Census Investor Relations website.
 This concludes our conference for today.
 Thank you for your participation and have a nice day.
 All parties may now disconnect.