 Thank you for standing by and welcome to the points that holding is limited.
 Q2 FY 2022 Appendix 4C Investor Presentation.
 All participants are in a listen-only mode.
 There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question, you will need to press the stock key, followed by the number
 of...
 one on your telephone keypad.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sam Swannow, Group CEO.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 And thank you all for joining the points but holding limited second quarter financial year
 2022 Business Update and Activities Report.
 This is Group CEO Sam Swinell and I'm joined on the call today by our Group CFO Andrew
 Mellor, our US CEO Johnny Aitken in Denver, and our Group Chief Operating Officer Mark
 who is joining us from Dublin.
 But before we begin, please note all numbers referred to are unordited and in Australian
 dollars unless otherwise stated.
 Turning to slide three, December 2021 quarter,
 as well as the month of January has been a period of great progress for PointsBit.
 During the quarter we saw improvement in relation to many of our core financial metrics and
 And we've also made great strides in terms of expanding our addressable market and delivering
 on our product vision.
 This has been headlined by an exciting launch into New York this week.
 New York is expected to be one of the largest markets in the United States and we are very
 proud to be one of only nine licensed operators to gain access. This is in
 in addition to our launch in Virginia last month, and will be followed by our launch
 into Pennsylvania in February.
 These are obviously very substantial markets
 and allow points that to leverage key NBC regional sports
 network assets in each market.
 We also this week launched iGaming in West Virginia.
 We will continue to grow our total addressable market rapidly.
 with Ontario, Canada, likely to follow Pennsylvania, and at least a further seven states are expected
 to be added in North America in calendar year 2022.
 In November, we were thrilled to deliver our first major in-play product upgrade following
 the acquisition of BANIC Technologies, now known as PointSpet Europe.
 Boards bedding is the product that is leading the expansion of online bedding across the
 the USA. To win market share and deliver success in the US market will require excellence
 in sports spreading product and execution.
 As sports betting is legalized across the US, we anticipate that 75% of all online bets
 will be placed in play, that is, once a match has already started.
 An elite, optimized client experience for in-play betting is beyond the capabilities of most
 operators who do not have modern in-house proprietary technology combined with advanced
 models and automated real-time training systems.
 U.S. sports in particular continues to be poorly serviced in terms of the in-play client
 experience.
 Point-spec superior optimised client experience, in particular around in-play, will clearly
 differentiate us from our opposition.
 The points that you have upgraded has now been applied to NFL and recently NBA.
 sports will swiftly follow.
 The impact on our NFL KPIs has been impressive and provides huge encouragement regarding
 the path we are on. In-play handle is up 44% since the upgrade, and Groups COO Mark
 will speak to other impressive positive indicators later in the presentation.
 It is also worth mentioning that this marked points bit became the first operator in the
 the US to offer in-play betting with zero suspensions or 100% uptime across the core
 markets of NFL spread and money line.
 Most people would be unaware that the majority of operators are operating at just 70 per
 percent of our time, meaning that when a client attempts to place a bet, the market is suspended
 30% of the time. It's not hard to see the difference in player experience between the
 two outcomes and thus the positive sentiment and ultimately ongoing patronage that will
 be earned via the superior product experience.
 In addition to in-play bedding, another key product battleground is parlays, and in particular
 same-guide palace.
 As such, it gives me great pride to announce that this week Point's bit released its market
 first NFL and NBA in play or live same game parlay.
 Point spent same game parlor has proven incredibly popular with our clients and providing them with the opportunity to place these bets during a game
 is a further example of how points bet is hitting it's stride, leveraging the
 capabilities of our proprietary technology and models.
 as you'll see in today's numbers.
 It's also great to see U.S. net wean increase 64 per cent, quarter on quarter, to reflect
 the improvements we've made across the business.
 That improvement also includes eye gaming.
 As is well recognised, points bit was late to the US market from an eye-gaming perspective.
 We were not in New Jersey pre-Pasper repeal like many of our competitors and we took the
 time to build our own in-house proprietary platform as we set the business up the correct
 way for long-term success.
 But we're now making swift ground.
 In November we released the Evolution Live Cassino Product Set into Michigan and this
 was
 completed for New Jersey in January.
 iGaming net win was up 145% quarter-on-quarter and with West Virginia having launched this week
 and Pennsylvania and Ontario upcoming, we will see iGaming revenues continue to climb on the
 on the back of our ever-improving product suite.
 In Australia, the December court has saw the seamless delivery of record activity across
 the spring carnival.
 It is imperative that we deliver a reliable, secure and scalable system that meets the
 need to their clients on peak days such as Melbourne Cup Day.
 on Caulfield Cup and Everest Day points for the Australia Processed over 4,000 bets per
 a minute.
 Up 2.
 25 times than last year.
 On Melbourne Cup Day we processed over 683,000 bets for the day,
 setting a new record.
 This continues points Betts impressive record of successfully managing peak days without
 incident.
 In part
 Australia and the U.S. To wrap up my introduction I want to return to the U.S. In New Jersey
 WIP is historically operated without the benefits of our gaming revenue and without the benefits
 of also being live in Pennsylvania.
 Many clients cross the border between New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
 We're not using that.
 that is not operational in both markets.
 We have the Philadelphia Regional Sports Network via a relationship as the official
 Sports betting partner of NBC.
 This delivers us integrations exclusivity for all 76ers, fillies and flyers games and extremely
 powerful asset. We've been utilizing this asset to reach the South Jersey audience, but we'll
 shortly be able to unlock its full benefits by being live in Pennsylvania.
 on New York launch earlier this week, we are now amongst an exclusive group of operators
 that will be live in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and New York.
 In New York, we are again leveraging our NBC partnership through SportsNet NY, a part
 of the NBC Sports Group.
 SNY is the regional broadcast home
 of Major League Baseball's New York Mets
 in addition to carrying supplemental coverage
 of the NFL's New York Jets,
 They offer points per year-round, multi-platform media and marketing opportunities.
 In parallel with these exciting developments,
 points that continues to deliver on its product vision. Recent months provide a taste of what
 to come with market leading innovation as we now leverage the hard work that's gone
 into building our proprietary technology and product.
 While it is disappointing to see the recent performance of our share price, we continue
 to focus on achieving our key operational priorities, investing in our proprietary best-in
 class technology and working towards our long-term growth goals.
 We will now drill into particular focus areas.
 Slide four.
 Compared to the group results for Q2 FY 2021 to be referred to as the PCP,
 In Q2 FY22, sports birding turnover was up 11% at $1.33 billion.
 Our sports betting gross win was up 60% at $133.8 million, and Sports Betting Group
 net win was up 61% at $71.9 million.
 Q2 FY22 iGaming net win of $5.4 million represented a 145% increase quarter on quarter.
 Now turning to slide five.
 The Australian Trident.
 I'm looking forward to the next one.
 business continued its strong performance, ending the quarter with turnover of $727 million,
 up 34% compared to the PCP, and net winner 53.1 million,
 up 7% from the PCP.
 However, net win was marginally lower than Q1 FY22, reflecting the business's focus
 on promotional activity during the spring carnival.
 gross wind margin and net wind margin were 12.7% and 7.3% respectively.
 turning to slide 6. The Australian Trading Business' Q2 marketing expense was $22.6 million,
 which assisted in delivering 12-month rolling cash active clients to 31 December of 232,875
 increase of 63% compared to the PCP.
 to take advantage of the latter parts of the NRL and AFL seasons and the spring racing
 carnival.
 The FY22 marketing budget was skewed towards H1, to build our brand and to acquire and
 retain clients over this important period of the sporting and racing calendar. Marketing
 expense in H2 will be substantially lower than H1 as we execute this strategy to front-end
 marketing expense this financial year and leverage our fantastic shock assets.
 Now turn to slide seven.
 Compared to the PCP, the Australian trading business has been in suit, has seen improvement
 across several KPIs.
 We saw a 15% growth of first-time debtors.
 This was particularly pleasing given 2020,
 saw both AFL and NRO finals shift from September to October,
 resulting in increased first-time better activity in the PCP.
 Point Spets app download volume grew by 121.3% compared to the PCP, representing the largest
 gain across all major competitors. For context, sports have been increased volume by 34.5%
 tab by 33.9% respectively compared to the PCP.
 and points of its brand awareness grew significantly.
 As mentioned earlier, I'm also very pleased to report that our in-house proprietary system
 successfully processed record betting activity through the spring race in Carnival.
 We saw new peaks reach for scale indicators such as bets per minute, concurrent active
 users sessions and settlements.
 on such big days in Australia provides the global team with even more
 confidence in the stability and scalability of our tech stack and trading systems.
 as we enter into the NFL finals and launching more US states.
 We'll now hand over to US CEO Johnny Aitken to provide commentary on our US business.
 Thank you, Sam, turning to slide 8. In leading off, I wanted to say that we are pleased with
 the trace during the quarter.
 As communicated in January 2021, the December 2020 quarter for Handel,
 gross win and net win results was impacted by short-term trading variances, which reversed
 in January of 2021. And as such, the PCP comparison growth rate should be viewed with
 just in one.
 Pleasantly, Q2 net win of $24.1 million represented border on quarter growth of 64%.
 We remain focused on generating networking in our U.S. business and doing so in a sustainable
 and discipline fashion.
 Please refer to Appendix 1 of the presentation for a state-by-state breakdown of handle
 handle, gross win and net win.
 for the quarter was $598.9 million, up to 72% quarter on quarter.
 The handle shows a decline on PCP, but please note my earlier comments on the impact of last
 to use short-term trading variances.
 I'd like to take a moment here to outline
 a very important part of our strategy.
 We are extremely focused on ensuring that every dollar of Handle we book will ultimately
 draws value and revenue.
 In line with this, our focus is aimed at ensuring that every client we acquire is capable of
 of BAME, got revenue generating.
 other than focusing on the sheer number of active,
 experience.
 intelligence and trading analytics themes are intensely focused on calculating the
 a lot of time by you with that client.
 ensuring they are accurately and quickly profiled.
 targeting, procuring, and retaining the right clients continues to be very important.
 Point Spets blended U.S. online handle market share in the states we are, we are operational
 consolidated was 4.2 per cent for the quarter compared to 4.5 per cent in Q1 of FY22.
 A further breakdown of market share per state can be found on slide 8.
 Host handle is one indicator of business scale.
 We remain focused on growing that win.
 Now, strong sense is that analysts and operators agree that the market will transition from
 from being heavily promotional driven to one where the product experience is the
 the primary driver of operator success.
 We can buy them with scale distribution and we certainly have the letter via our partnership
 with...
 and then B2.
 Note the height and gross wind margin, the points,
 this delivered in New Jersey compared to all other states.
 This is partly due to variants, but it's also being driven by the more advanced life
 cycle of the New Jersey market.
 customers adopt more diverse products such as parlays and player props away from the
 traditional, lower pregame margin spreads, totals and money line bets.
 This is an encouraging forward-looking trend that plays the point that's the innovation
 strengths, controlled by our proprietary tech and internal trading models.
 Our quick parlay builder.
 Parley, Lusta, same game, Parley.
 and now in-game, same-game parlay,
 at just the beginning of ongoing.
 that product's featuring handsets.
 That's turning to slide nine.
 due to marketing expenses were 29.7 million US dollars and I'm pleased to report that the overall
 U.S. working media cost per FDB was again under $500.
 We continue to invest in marketing and growing the brand across the U.S.
 Cash Fee has grown to 211,000, up 210% compared to the PCP.
 It should be noted that this metric also reflects our retention efforts, not just
 not just acquisition volumes.
 Further, the sizeable portion of this quarter's marketing investment was into audiences outside
 of what with eight live states. This investment targeted upcoming states like Virginia, New
 New York, and Pennsylvania, and more broadly, acts to build
 brand awareness and the database nationally to assist future state launches.
 We noted in the FY22-Q1 call that there was an opportunity to better utilize what tactic
 promotion.
 The number of optimizations were made during Q2, refining our approach with a focus on
 awarding our high value engaged client cohort and gaining an improved share of
 wallet from them. We reinvested a smaller proportion of gross gaming revenue on the
 promotions in Q2 compared to Q1, while slightly lower than the peak scene in September and
 October, competition remains significant in the quarter, just typically is it related
 to promotional activity.
 That's all for today.
 It was important to retain and incentivize our valued clients with all four major pro
 sports together being active along with college basketball and college football.
 However, it should be noted that we expect to gradually
 bring down the rate of promotional investment further in time as we continue to focus on
 with our superior product.
 standing to slide 11.
 We are excited by the opportunity for us this calendar year as we target to be operational
 at least 17 states in the U.S. and also Ontario, Canada, a calendar year end.
 our mid-December launch of online sports betting operations in Virginia with our partner
 Colonial Downs, marked the eighth operational state
 for point spin.
 And one of our most successful state launches to date when
 looking at STBs, driven from MBC properties.
 Virginia represents a large market opportunity with a population of 8.5 million, a comparable
 side to New Jersey and with a rich sports history.
 Happing over 22,000 leads at launch, largely driven by our partnership with MBC, and leveraging
 local legend and 11-time NBA All-Star, Alan Iverson, points to the brand ambassador,
 What did you know?
 It stated an
 our execution goals.
 In the first week of launch, Virginia FTBs acquired by NBC channels were almost five
 times higher than FDBs acquired in the first week post-launch in the state of Michigan.
 This launch demonstrated that we continue to improve our strategic go-to-market plans
 that are leveraging our MBC partnership
 and execution capabilities.
 You must have been familiar with the PointBed brand throughout exclusive odds integrations
 and expert analysis during key MBC television broadcasts,
 including Sunday night football, where points that brand ambassadors and
 and NBC NFL talent through Braes and Christians,
 close to the point-spot pulse segment with an audience of nearly 20 million people each
 week.
 Notably, NBC's Washington Regional Sports and Network Affiliate is prominent throughout
 the region.
 including Maryland, an upcoming launch date for 2022, and serves as the exclusive regional
 broadcast time at the MBAs, the Washington Wizards, and the NHL, the Washington Capitals.
 So utilizing NBC's regional sports networks and owned and operated broadcast stations
 unlocks it.
 a daily presence with local market teams and top sporting events.
 Grading of the...
 familiarity with the points that ran prior to launch.
 In December, we were named the official and exclusive sports betting partner of the University
 of Maryland Athletics.
 This multi-year agreement marks the first ever sports betting partnership within the
 the Story Big Ten Conference and follows our deal with the University of Colorado which
 which has provided a template to work within the university space.
 The University of Maryland Athletic Sports movement, 3 million fans worldwide with nearly
 200,000 located in the DMV region, which stands for the Washington, D.C., Maryland, and Virginia.
 Also, as announced on the 25th of January, 2022, PointsBet launched operations in New
 in New York by representing another major milestone for our company, our brand, and our technology.
 As Sam mentioned earlier, New York is expected to be one of the largest markets in the United
 audit site.
 And we are very proud to be one of only non-philosophists
 upper right is in the big apple.
 look to leverage our MBC partnership through SportsNet-MY, a part of the MBC Sports Group.
 SMY is the regional broadcast home of the major league-based schools, New York Mets, in addition
 carrying supplemental coverage of the New York Jets.
 They also pointed out with year-round multi-platform media and marketing opportunities across the
 and match the portfolio of events.
 PointsBet will have additional leverage opportunities as one of only six operators that have a New
 New York Access, and official NFL partnership status.
 As we plan to pencil, I need a launch next month.
 Our focus will be on the significant,
 So with Elfier and Pittsburgh markets,
 It's going live in New Jersey in 2019.
 We have been utilising NBC Sports Philadelphia to reach the DSF.
 That is a very jersey audience.
 This includes linear inventory and integration across the flyers, the 76ers and the fillies
 which taps into their hometown affection for their teams with both, with our digital
 both on the national sites.
 at GeoTarget at Adger, New Jersey, and they're utilizing NBCSports.com's RSN specific website.
 website. As made public by the New York State Gaming Commission on the 13th of
 of August 2021.
 points there as an approved platform provider will also provide the results world a whole
 own subsidiary of the Genting Group with a beta beam from mobile sports, so
 are wagering a service in the state of New York.
 this strategic B2B agreement should be viewed as a creative and valuable partnership for
 company, but not indicative of a large B2B strategy of points, but aside from the unique
 economic opportunity presented by Resorts for a Better New York, points that remain solely
 focused on our B2C sportsbook and our gaming operations.
 Turning to slide 12.
 The industry analysts keep increasing the estimated size of the U.S. online sports
 setting gross gaming revenue time opportunity.
 As we launched new states in 2022, a coverage of the U.S. population, and with that, our
 our time opportunity continues to grow considerably.
 We've seen some estimates point to an online sports spending time and maturity of U.S.
 about $42 billion and on top of that, the US $18 billion for our gaming.
 We would note that horse racing is not commonly included in these USTAM estimates.
 However, from our, our, our experiences in Australia, we do think there is future
 to erupt sardines category to be realized in the U.S.
 Hence why we bought that PTC, a U.S. advanced deposit horse,
 of course, a wagering business last year.
 As a recent launch in New York, the nine states point spread is currently live in representatives
 total target population of 62 million people with an approximate sports book
 10.
 and a half billion US dollars in maturity.
 Adding in near-term launches of Pennsylvania, Ontario, Louisiana, Tennessee, Maryland,
 Ohio represents a further target population of $46 million, an additional $6.8 billion
 sportsbook time opportunity.
 to slide, it's the same.
 The NBC and PointSpet partnership entered its second year at the start of September 2021.
 And the partnership continues to drive results and break new ground in the category.
 It should be noted that at the end of the quarter, only 16.5% of the total NBC lead
 base was a direct, first-time, better opportunity for points
 bit.
 that number will jump to an approximate 26% from February to 2022.
 once both New York and Pennsylvania are launched and grow even higher over the calendar year.
 I'm pleased with how the partnership is developing and excited for the innovation we have planned
 in H2.
 The coming period will include a more robust, a more robust sort of digital plan incorporating
 NBC's new regional connected TV and over the top solutions spot on there are also additional
 opportunities for inclusion on their quickly growing streaming platform, PCOP, this combination
 of national and regional networks along with the local TV asset gives us the ability to
 correct the spike, the spike strategies to reach any audience.
 I'd like to now introduce that group chief operating officer, Mark Hughes, formerly the
 of BANIC technology.
 Mark began his career working for Petty Power.
 Now part, now part of the, now part of the, I find it great, I should say, as a Pivotal
 member of the Quantitative Analytics team.
 As previously noted, in-play betting is estimated to make up at least 75% in the US of all sports
 wagering activity that was in the next three years.
 and points-better quiet banning technology
 to take advantage of this in-play opportunity.
 Mark will highlight the progress we've made in this area again over the quarter, integrating
 the BANIC trading platform.
 Over to you Mark.
 Thank you, Johnny.
 Now, turning to slide 14, in play is our North Star.
 We believe in the value that sports betting brings,
 and enhancing the viewing experience of the sporting event.
 And we are building a product to appeal to the user that enjoys that experience.
 We are on the journey to building an always on experience that tries customer engagement
 and repeat usage, meaning more player days, more engagement for player day, and ultimately
 a higher delivery of utility to the customer.
 And data shows that in-play delivers the product experience to keep the user engaged and on
 during a session.
 Our in-play customers demonstrate higher-average
 applies, they bash more frequently, they have more bets per playday, and ultimately a higher
 average revenue per user.
 Turning to slide 15.
 The launch of our enhanced in-house in-play model for NFL in October 2021 represented
 a big milestone for the company.
 Points that acquired BANIC technology in early 2021 with the intent to accelerate ambitions
 to deliver a world-class in-play betting experience
 to our customers in the U.S.
 Annex Technology was founded with the vision to build a modern sports betting technology
 platform to support the delivery of a more enriched and quality bedding experience for
 and play customer in the US.
 When launching the new inplay and a file model, we have already seen key results when compared
 to the period immediately prior to release.
 Firstly, the improved vetting experience.
 The new algorithm has reduced the amount of time our in-play product is suspended for
 for bedding by more than 40%.
 And this results in a significant increase in the volume of opportunities across the
 has to place the best.
 This couple would improve that placement journeys have led to a reduction of approximately 50% and that's rejected.
 Secondly, product expansion.
 We have increased fourfold the number of betting markets our players can bet on.
 This includes the addition of player prop betting markets and the market first in place same game parley.
 We also need our customers to show an appetite to engage with this new content.
 And the early statistics have showed huge promise with our proportion of turnover at
 sides three core betting markets increasing by 42%.
 Our users want to play this product, and we'll continue to live for them.
 This also offers a proportional increase in cashier opportunities for our customers.
 And thirdly, results.
 Our stated North Star is in play, and our hypothesis is that a product improvement will
 drive our users to a certain in play.
 since the launch of our NFL model implanted the proportion
 of overall NFL has grown by 44%.
 Continuing to push the boundaries of the customer experience and with the integration of the
 official NFL days from that genius. He has seen further improvements in both
 in play betting availability and bet delays.
 January has seen the introduction of our in-house in-play MBA product, and we will plan a fast
 follow for our in-house in-play and CAAB model.
 and overall improvement in our in-play tennis offering with the introduction of IDF Tennis.
 forecasting similar improvements on other in-house products and continued
 momentum towards our vision to deliver a world-class in-play betting experience to our customers.
 progress during NBC's playoff game on Saturday, 15th January between the Raiders and the Bengals
 wildcard.
 We are proud to become the first U.S. sports betting provider to offer clients live,
 in-game betting opportunities with zero suspensions across the core markets of spread
 and funny line. All of the aforementioned initiatives demonstrate our ability to continue
 to innovate and lead the market with unique and value-adding products.
 Turning to slide 16.
 I would now like to touch upon eye gaming.
 The eye-gaming product continues to show strong quarter-on-quarter improvement, but naturally
 up 145 percent. We were particularly excited to have launched our live dealer table solution
 in Michigan in November and New Jersey in December, including Blackjack, RealS, and
 and backer ass.
 online casino products have seen a rapid growth in the U.S.
 at the experienced i-gaming team at Pointe-Pet,
 is responsive to our users and eager to bring our customers
 the experience and games they are looking for.
 The introduction of live theater gaming is a welcome addition to points that's growing
 way during products, please.
 Our live gaming options in Michigan offer top tier choices for our players and will serve
 as a template as iGaming expands in other jurisdictions in the U.S. and Canada.
 We launched our gaming in West Virginia on January 27th.
 and anticipate further launches in Pennsylvania and Ontario in the coming months.
 Importantly, we look forward to the continued product improvements we have in development
 as we move to the next phase of our iGaming offering.
 including a significantly enhanced games library.
 automated promotional functionality.
 personalized offerings, and other innovations.
 We will continue to see online casino
 and customer activity and revenue generation
 over the coming months.
 and now I'd like to hand it over to our group CFO,
 and Jim Eller.
 Thanks, Mark. Turning to slide 17 for the quarterly force
 cash flow summary. As of the 31st of December 21, the company's corporate cash balance
 It was $523.3 million.
 net cash used in operating activities during the quarter ending 31 December excluding the
 movement in player cash accounts was $56 million.
 I'll now walk through each of the main line items.
 Receipts from customers for the quarter.
 totaled $90.4 million.
 This includes net win from Sportsbook and iGaming Verticals of $77.3 million as previously
 presented by Sam and Johnny. And the balance of $13.1 million includes cash receipts from
 from our European B2B operations, cash receipts from our US Racing ADW business, and a partial
 New York license fee reimbursement received from Resorts World Bet, a subsidiary of the
 Genshin Group as part of our B2B platform provider agreement to power the results for
 Bets online sports book operation in New York State.
 As earlier presented by Johnny, this strategic B2B agreement should be viewed as an accretive
 and valuable partnership for the company,
 but not indicative of a larger B2B strategy of points bet.
 cash outflows during the quarter included.
 cost of sales of $44.8 million which grew on the previous quarter in line with increased
 trading activity in both the U.S. and Australia. Non-capitalized staff costs
 of $18.9 million with global FTEs growing to $539 at the end of Q2 as we continue to
 built to scale and in addition we have support staff which are engaged by a third party service
 companies.
 The marketing cash outflow for the quarter was $65.6 million.
 This increased quarter on quarter with slightly increased marketing expenses as well as being
 due to the movement in prepayments and accruals from the prior quarter.
 As previously disclosed, the Australian marketing expense was $22.6 million, Australian dollars
 for the quarter and the US marketing expense was 29.7 million US dollars for the quarter.
 As noted by Sam, the Australian marketing expense will reduce significantly in H2 versus
 H1 and we expect the U.S. marketing expense in Q3 to be higher than Q2 as we launch new
 new U.S. states, including the recent launch in New York and soon to be followed by Pennsylvania,
 our 10th U.S. State of Operation.
 Cash outflows of Administration, Corporate Costs and GST paid on Australian net wind
 was $17 million for the quarter, turning to investing activities.
 net cash used in investing activities during the quarter ending of 31 December was $43.6
 million Australian dollars. The main driver of this outflow was the well
 documented market access payment to the New York State Gaming Commission of 25 million
 U.S. dollars required to receive a New York State mobile
 during license.
 For further over the quarter, the company capitalized $7 million of technology and
 product staff wages as part of continued development of our sports wagering and
 gaming platform. There was mineral cash flows from financing activities for the
 period and the company has no call for borrowings.
 At the end of December, we had $523 million in corporate cash.
 We take a disciplined approach to setting up the company for long-term success, investing
 in our unique and market-leading proprietary technology and product platform, continuing
 to grow the team to scale across the globe and investing in our marketing strategy.
 I'll now hand back to Sam.
 Thanks, Andy.
 Turning to slide 18 and in closing some brief words on Canada.
 We eagerly await the announcement of an official launch date for Ontario, which is imminent.
 Do not be more pleased with what has been achieved by our team led by Canadian CEO Scott
 Van Der Welp.
 We are dedicated to delivering a brand and an experience that is genuinely Canadian.
 the deals that we have executed with DailyFairSoft.com
 and the Nation Network, Curling Canada,
 the National Hockey League Alumni Association,
 and the Triler Park boys are all true to this strategy.
 We are extremely confident in the efficiency of the cut-through these partnerships will
 deliver to grow brand recognition and acquire clients.
 In launching points for Canada into Ontario, the Canadian team will leverage not only the
 the proprietary technology and market leading product that the company has built, but also
 the global scale we now possess with a one-team approach
 supported by staff in numerous continents.
 Thanks for your time and we'll now take questions.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press star two.
 If you're on a...
 speakerphone please pick up the handset to ask your question.
 Your first question comes from Rohan Syndrome from MST Financial.
 Please, go ahead.
 Team, I might start with a question for Sam.
 Just how are you thinking about the long-term share aspirations
 of the business in light of the ongoing increases in estimated North America terms.
 So would you be happy with, say, a 5% share of a $70 billion market, as opposed to, say,
 percent of a $30 billion market. Is that how you're thinking about it?
 like it I wrote.
 I think, look, our aspiration remains
 to explore that 10% market share.
 I think the reality is, is what we thought in terms of a marketing budget that would
 allow us to achieve that is now effectively probably a marketing budget that's more akin
 into achieving, say, a 3% or 4% market share.
 because, as you've sort of drawn the link to,
 the size of the market has grown dramatically and the size of the market has grown dramatically
 and the size, or the estimated size of the future market, so our competitors are being
 far more aggressive in line with that and they're being far more aggressive from a promotional
 perspective. So I suppose our relative budget, if you think about us spending 27 last quarter
 and that's a little bit more of this quarter.
 The market was probably spending close to a billion dollars, those two quarters on marketing,
 So we're probably spending about 3% of what the market's spending for marketing, so it's
 bit unrealistic for us to expect at this stage in the current environment to be heading rapidly
 north towards that 10%. But as, you know, I suppose as we assume the market transitions,
 You know, it was interesting hearing Adam, the CEO of MGM,
 bit MGM yesterday or the day before talk about maybe there's another 12 months of, you know,
 this heightened aggressiveness in the market, maybe one more start of NFL season, but then
 their expectation is that perhaps things ease off a little bit and we probably, we probably
 agree with that, and in line with that, you know, obviously we're continuing to make rapid
 progress on our product strategy. So we think those two things combined, improving our brand,
 We're investing in our brand.
 We're investing in building databases, while it may take longer to get to that 10% and
 given the growing time and the amount that's being spent that, you know, we still plan
 to get there as the market transitions to be more product focused.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 And on the New Jersey share, I know it's not the main game, but I take into account the
 red...
 reduction there in turnover, but given the high net win, how would you share a look on
 on a net win basis, especially given the first quarter was almost 8% net win.
 Yeah, well, I mean that New Jersey is a very good example. So, you know from a market share perspective
 we came under a bit of pressure again,
 but from a net-win perspective, net-win,
 quarter on quarter was up 24%.
 So that's a good example.
 We want to keep growing, growing net wind.
 Now, if that's a smaller portion of the market that we thought would be, that's in some ways
 a positive because, again, it talks to the fact that the market is bigger than most expected
 and he's growing more rapidly.
 Johnny made a comment during his part about the fact that, you know, New Jersey now, it's
 It's becoming a bit of a trend that its gross margin yields are yielding higher than our
 by the states and we look at the reason behind that.
 And as he said, some of it's some variance,
 But some of it is definitely some differences in player behavior in terms of that slightly
 more mature market now because it's been opened a bit longer for players gravitating through
 the higher margin products, the same game parlays, the player props etc and we think
 Again, that's a positive trend for us because it shows that they're moving into the, let's
 call it the sweet spot for points bit because this is where we aim to lead in
 terms of having the most engaging product set.
 Thanks, Sam.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Joe South from SIG.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, everyone.
 You know, Sam, you talked about New Jersey, you know, Indiana and Michigan were, you know,
 the...
 the states, the bigger states that you have exposure to in the third quarter where you
 a lot of share, but I guess the expectation, rightfully wrongfully, it would take a while
 to build those back, given the advertising and the promotional environment, but you're
 able to, and I was wondering, can you describe or talk about, you know, maybe some of the
 methods that you use to recapture some of that law share in the fourth quarter?
 I'm sorry, in the fiscal second quarter versus the first quarter?
 That's the first question.
 And then I wanted to ask about customer acquisition costs.
 Johnny, you had mentioned you guys are still running about $500 or so, and with your newer
 launch states in Virginia and Pennsylvania in a month or, you know, in February and in
 in New York, and your ability to rely on your RSNs,
 or NBC or OSNs.
 Would it be fair to assume that customer acquisition costs could come down in those particular markets?
 So in terms of Michigan look again I think the pleasing thing for Michigan
 years our sports betting market share did go up. But again, even more importantly, I
 I think we had 700,000 of net win last quarter
 and this quarter was something like 3.2 million.
 So again, really good growth in Michigan
 from a net wind perspective, I think, obviously,
 when you've got the casino products improving.
 And when we think about states that have a mix of sports betting and eye gaming, you
 will
 We really do have to look at them in totality because it goes without saying that if a client
 goes and loses some money playing blackjack, well then that's perhaps less money
 that they have to turn over on sports betting. So the two are generally related and that's
 when you're looking at New Jersey, Michigan and soon to be West Virginia and Pennsylvania
 and states with mixed.
 You have to look at the combined result.
 you know, there's a difference if you just have sports betting to having
 sports betting and eye gaming. Johnny, is there anything you'd want to say about Michigan
 in particular.
 I'll just add, Sam, that, again, we view every state as a state of the phone, that country,
 And each state sort of differs in terms of the dynamics and how, again, consumers consume
 sport, the population distribution, you know, a market like Michigan is very unique and
 in that particular, you know, we're seeing, I guess,
 the early results about a very smart investment with...
 I'll leave it here in assignment.
 So they owned the arena where the pigeons and the red wings play.
 We made a smart investment into building a sports bar
 Next, the ninth entrance of the stadium.
 and when you've got at least 82 home games of NBA, NHL and people are walking past the
 points that brand going in and out of the arena and going in there and having a drink.
 It's played a role in making sure the point's best part of the local sporting fabric there
 and part of the consideration when
 people in Michigan and Detroit are thinking about where to place their next
 That'll sign up.
 Thanks, John.
 Yeah, in terms of the catch, I mean, we spent and Johnny made comment about this.
 we spent $29.7 million on marketing and our last quarter was similar in terms of because
 Because we were waiting to launch in Virginia, and we knew that we had an upcoming launch
 And we were waiting, but you know,
 quietly confident of a positive outcome in New York.
 again a confident of a positive outcome with licensing in Pennsylvania. It's been a strange
 couple of quarters because a fair chunk of our marketing budget has gone into the Washington
 Aronson, the Philly RSN, and SNY in New York. So as those states go live, Virginia, now
 New York and soon Pennsylvania, you know, that spend goes from being sort of out of
 state to being in live states, and so that proportion of, let's call it somewhat of spend
 that was going outside and maybe less efficient, yes it was building the brand and warming
 those states up, that then comes in state. So I don't necessarily, I wouldn't necessarily
 say that CACs are going to come down because we're now going live into those states, but
 that we certainly do believe that those,
 It's the model that we've used, obviously, in Chicago,
 that, you know, we're never going to outspend these big guys at the moment, but, you know,
 the audience watches live sport, you know, we've got a few of these 76ers, all the teams
 that Johnny spoke about, the Mets in New York, et cetera.
 I'm getting in front of those eyeballs
 Through those RSNs, we think he's a very efficient mechanism to grow our brand and acquire
 clients.
 Thank you guys
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Desmond Stow from Goldman Sachs.
 Please, go ahead.
 Hi, Tane.
 I've just got a couple of questions around slide 14 and 15.
 I think you guys provided some interesting detail on those two slides.
 And obviously I think Mark noted a couple of industry first achievements by the business
 in the U.S. and obviously now with Banek and the rise of in-play.
 I was wondering if you could just talk a bit more about the opportunity that Implay presents
 And then more specifically, whether you have a sense of market share within in play, you
 Would it be fair to say that your share of the in-play market is actually far greater
 and then blended 4.2% share that you talked to today.
 Good question. Yeah, I think in terms of the opportunity, I really want this to be clear
 in terms of stepping through the dynamics of the U.S. market.
 And we've been at a disadvantage because we didn't come from an eye-gaming background.
 Most of the companies that we're competing against, New Jersey legalized eye gaming
 back in something like 2013.
 So all of, most of our competitors have been operating eye gaming in America in one state
 at least, and maturing all of their products and practices for some time, you know, pre-paspid
 being repealed. Add to that as I said the fact that we took the time to build
 down platform because we want it, we want to own it, we want to keep the margin for
 the long term. We have been at a competitive disadvantage from a product set perspective
 but also from a revenue perspective of not having had that product.
 But as we think about forward-looking states,
 I think it needs to be clear that all the states that are going live now and launching
 are all sports betting only. So, our gaming expertise is not going to necessarily get
 you get you anywhere if you don't have sports betting expertise and obviously our blueprint
 is to win our market share on the back of our sports betting expertise and then when
 I-gaming does get legalized, you know, two years later or three years later, for
 particular state, we've already got hundreds of thousands of clients and we can cross sell
 40% of them, whatever that number is to iGaming versus someone who is focused on iGaming,
 they won't have any market share. And if they don't have pro-triple sports building product
 and they're not going to win that market share in their sport spending strikes.
 But within that earning of market share from sports betting, I don't think there's any
 operators out there that aren't talking about a 75% in-play market.
 So everyone's agreeing that 75% of sports
 that's where we placed in play.
 And, you know, we're on a path to, we believe,
 leading within that sector.
 Now we want to lead within the entire product sector.
 So we want to have the best product full stop and that includes, you know, improving our
 gaming product. But, you know, leading the way and now starting to deliver on some of
 their product vision.
 Part of the challenge when you build something from scratch, you know, we built we've built this tech stack from scratch even in Australia and
 you know, at the start we know a lot of resources is it takes time to deliver things.
 And we're now getting to the point where we're delivering.
 we're starting to innovate as 100% uptime, in-play,
 in place, time, gain, power, et cetera.
 So when it comes to the in-play vision and how important it's going to be for winning
 market share and ultimately succeeding the U.S. I don't think anyone's in doubt with
 And I hope, you know, the market is starting to see how PointSpet is already leading in
 in this category, but he's going to put the foot down and continue to really put a gap
 on there. In terms of market share, in-play market share, I'll throw to Johnny, but I
 I would just say perhaps, you know,
 I think it's still a customer journey,
 And that's what we were talking about from the New Jersey
 perspective that, you know, the market is still very focused on the promos, etc.
 It'll gradually gravitate to be more product-focused.
 And then there's the second part to that, he's, though,
 as clients get a little bit more sophisticated
 we're seeing in New Jersey and they branch away from the Corbett types into, you know,
 more creative bet types and higher margin bet types.
 But Johnny, do you have a feel for whether you believe we're already over-indexing from
 from an in-play perspective.
 Sam, I think the true sort of read through will be sort of Q3 and onwards, this quarter
 on with and the reason being there that again in Q2 we saw NFL and NBA move on to our internal
 trading states powered by the banning technology and so now sort of for each
 quarter ahead, we'll get a true rate of the power that drives, you know, one of the things
 I think is misunderstood by the market is that it isn't just about competing for in
 and play on the number of markets you have.
 isn't just about building play-a-pops and micro markets.
 really the core tenet of offering an in-pride experience that
 drives repeat usage and allows you to lean in on your product over sort of again sort
 covering and maybe with gaps in the product with heavier sort of promotions.
 centers are ramping up at the longest.
 again, sort of aiming toward that zero sort of bending
 suspensions and giving consumers that complete experience to place a bet, to cash out their
 bit without, again, you know, the moment when the democratists are suspended.
 And then the second tenant is around the spade to accept the bet.
 Again, you know, we sort of note that our competition in general applies 7 to 10 second
 that's the way, when any implied bet is placed.
 and then after that seven and 10 seconds passes
 and the bet is then pinged again to the trading software that's being used externally by a
 a lot of our competitors.
 50% of the time that that's being rejected due to a price change or, again, due to the
 to spend it.
 Again, you know, we're, again, actively working and sort of backing in the models that have
 been delivered by Banach sort of backing in again the processing efficiency that we have
 that we have the confidence to continue to put as many clients as we can on zero bed delay.
 So not only matching, again, as I said, that sort of uptime goal to, again, continue to
 increase that but also accepting that you know in sort of lightning speed and if
 where up the longest and quickest to accept,
 We think that combined with our product features
 and then you've got, again, distribution of the message
 points that being the king of in play, particularly across the MBC platforms, again it's going
 to be a huge ongoing driver of client activity for business.
 Right, thanks Sam, thanks Johnny, appreciate it.
 That's all for me.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Larry Gamba from Creditslist.
 Please go ahead.
 I think a few questions from me.
 So I'm just in New Jersey, you know, hearing how you guys evolved, you know, the management
 of that offering there.
 Can you talk to whether that involved a churn of customers or did you migrate existing customers
 into new patterns, have that play out, and is this sort of first date?
 How come you didn't sort of take this approach in Illinois yet?
 Is it just a different circumstance there?
 Good day, Larry. I think across the business, we made a comment, and I think Johnny referenced
 So, again, that last quarter, we probably didn't focus enough on our existing clients
 or our higher quality clients and with our promotions and focused on, you know, the acquisition
 period.
 I think we do want to focus on quality clients without wanting to – everyone's got their
 own strategies, but acquiring clients is not hard. We can run promotions and give away
 money and just acquire clients, but that doesn't necessarily mean that all of those clients
 are going to be of value.
 So, we're trying to find the balance,
 And I think that's the message coming out that, yes, we will keep growing, but we want
 keep growing responsibly. So if, you know, adding another 10,000 actives or 20,000 actives
 if those actives are no good. And that's the same in terms of churn. There's no point
 trying to hold onto some clients if they're just they're just genuinely not
 not genuine, then we make no apologies for doing that.
 So no, I wouldn't sort of say that we're actively, you know, targeting segments or,
 you know, disconnecting from certain segments apart from unprofitable segments.
 Yeah, clients that are just not going to be worth anything.
 And in terms of Illinois, no, it's very similar.
 It's very similar, the strategy is the same.
 about a focus on value, continue to grow.
 It's just the dynamics work out that in New Jersey,
 We grew revenue by that 24%
 quarter on quarter, lost a bit of market share. In Illinois we're able to continue growth
 without losing that market share, but the strategy is consistent.
 Okay, next one there.
 And with New Jersey just continuing on that, I think it did about 15 million of net wind
 in the half, let's say we annualize that a bit more, New Jersey has been funding marketing
 for new states, but if we kind of would draw that new state support, are we getting the
 Close to break even in New Jersey alone. It's sort of isolate just New Jersey marketing
 Yeah, I think I think we are Larry, you know, I mean, I think would we do 10.8 for the quarter?
 I would rather times that by four because the high gaining product has come in and that
 wasn't necessarily present in previous quarters, you know, there's a few, there's a lot happening
 in New Jersey. There's a lot of market dynamics still there, so I'll call out a few, obviously
 going live in New York and being one of an exclusive group that will be live in
 New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania will be helpful going live in Pennsylvania.
 we spoke to that filly audience.
 the continued growth of the iGaming product is going to be vitally important.
 But I think by the middle of next year, we think New Jersey is turning profitable.
 So, you know, post the PESPA cessation of sports,
 you know, sport came back middle of post COVID in the middle of 2020,
 We sort of had to restart the business and so, you know, we think by the end of next
 find out to you where we're turning profitable.
 Okay, great. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Question comes from Don Carducci from JPMorgan.
 please go ahead.
 Morning, everyone.
 just a couple of quick ones for me.
 So, if I think about the net new active customers,
 Where did they come from?
 Was it the new markets, or was it maybe those markets
 that you'd been in for 12 months or more.
 Yeah, I mean, look, obviously, we acquire clients in all new markets, the difference being that
 in a market like New Jersey where you have been live for some time, you also turn clients
 out the back end. So the increase in active clients is a net effect. It's
 What you've added obviously the increase we've acquired more first-time bedders than that increase in actives
 but we've also churned some clients in the back end.
 So that's the net effect.
 Yeah, no, got it, I understand that.
 So I guess if I rephrase the question, I mean, you have churn is the majority of this
 chairman coming from new states, or is it coming from the existing states that you've
 been in for 12 months or more like New Jersey, Iowa, Indiana.
 Yeah.
 But by the definition, because we're giving a 12-month rolling number, it has to be states
 that we've been live in for more than 12 months.
 Because if we've been live in a state for six months, for example, all of those clients
 would be in the 12 month active number.
 Gotcha.
 And then can you give us a little bit of clarity
 and the cash burn guidance, maybe for next quarter,
 include, you know, license payments, et cetera.
 Obviously, Pennsylvania, that's a steep one.
 New Jersey but just kind of a little bit of guidance on what we should expect for that.
 Yeah, sure Don Sandy.
 Now, I think, and just talk to Cashburn generally,
 we're continuing to build, obviously, for the long term
 investing in this opportunity, particularly in the U.S. and the product, and that is requiring
 a reasonable level of up-front investment. As you mentioned, the market access requirements,
 pricing requirements and the marketing investment, which I think is pretty well understood as
 we roll out into new states. As it relates to the market access payment, obviously this
 was a large payment that we made in New York which was $25 million US in Q2. The payment
 required for Pennsylvania is 11 million US dollars which will be paid in Q3. So the business
 development payments for Q3 will be
 lower than Q2.
 Bye.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions at this time.
 That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now disconnect.