 Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PointsBet Holdings Limited Q2 FY2022 Appendix 4C Investor Presentation.
 All participants are in a listen-only mode.
 There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question, you will need to press the star key followed by the number
 one on your telephone keypad.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sam Swannell, Group CEO.
 please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining the Points But Holding Limited
 second quarter financial year 2022 business update and activities report.
 This is Group CEO Sam Swinnell, and I'm joined on the call today by our Group CFO, Andrew
 Mellor, our US CEO, Johnny Atkin in Denver, and our Group Chief Operating Officer, Mark
 Hughes who is joining us from Dublin.
 Before we begin, please note all numbers referred to are unaudited and in Australian
 dollars unless otherwise stated. Turning to slide three, the December
 2021 quarter as well
 as the month of January has been a period
 of great progress for PointsBet.
 During the quarter, we saw improvement in relation to many of our core financial metrics
 And we've also made great strides in terms of expanding our addressable market and delivering
 on our product vision.
 This has been headlined by an exciting launch into New York this week.
 New York is expected to be one of the largest markets in the United States and we are very
 proud to be one of only nine licensed operators to gain access.
 This is in addition to our launch in Virginia last month
 and will be followed by our launch into Pennsylvania in February.
 These are obviously very substantial markets
 and allow PointsBet to leverage key NBC regional sports network assets in each market.
 We also this week launched iGaming in West Virginia.
 VIRGINIA.
 We will continue to grow our total addressable market rapidly
 with Ontario, Canada likely to follow Pennsylvania
 and at least a further seven states
 are expected to be added in North America in calendar year 2022.
 in November
 we were thrilled to deliver our first major in-play product upgrade
 following the acquisition of Bannock Technologies, now known as PointsBet Europe.
 Sports betting is the product that is leading the expansion of online betting across the USA.
 to win market share
 and deliver success in the US market
 will require excellence in sports betting product and execution.
 As sports betting is legalised across the US,
 we anticipate that 75% of all online bets will be placed in play,
 that is, once a match has already started.
 Providing an elite, optimised client experience for in-play betting
 is beyond the capabilities of most operators
 who do not have modern in-house proprietary technology
 combined with advanced models and automated real-time trading systems.
 U.S. sports in particular continues to be poorly serviced in terms of the in-play client experience.
 PointsBet's superior optimised client experience, in particular around InPlay, will clearly
 differentiate us from our opposition.
 The points that you would upgrade
 has now been applied to NFL
 and recently NBA.
 further sports will swiftly follow.
 the impact on our NFL KPIs has been impressive
 and provides huge encouragement regarding the path we are on.
 InPlay Handle is up 44% since the upgrade, and Group COO Mark Hughes is up 44% since
 queues will speak to other impressive positive
 indicators later in the presentation.
 presentation.
 worth mentioning that this month Pointsbet became the first operator in the U.S. to offer
 in-play bedding with zero suspensions
 were 100% uptime across the core markets
 of NFL's spread and money line.
 Most people would be unaware that the majority of operators
 are operating at just 70% of uptime,
 meaning that when a client attempts to place a bet, the market is suspended 30% of the time.
 It's not hard to see the difference in player experience between the two outcomes and thus
 the positive sentiment
 and ultimately ongoing patronage
 that will be earned by the superior product experience.
 In addition to in-play betting, another key product battleground is parlays, and in particular, same-game parlays.
 As such, it gives me great pride to announce
 that this week PointsBet released its market-first NFL and NBA
 in play or live, same game parlay.
 PointSpit's same game parlay has proven incredibly popular with our clients
 and providing them with the opportunity to place these bets during a game
 is a further example of how PointsBet
 is hitting its stride, leveraging
 the capabilities of our proprietary technology
 and models. As you'll
 see in today's numbers, it's also
 great to see US net win increase
 64% quarter on quarter
 to reflect the improvements we've made across the business.
 That improvement also includes iGaming.
 As is well recognised, PointsBet was late to the US market from an iGaming perspective.
 We were not in New Jersey pre-PASPA repeal like many of our competitors and we took the
 time to build our own in-house proprietary platform as we set the business up the correct
 way for long-term success.
 success.
 But we're now making swift ground.
 In November, we released the Evolution Live Casino product set into Michigan, and this
 was completed for New Jersey in January.
 iGaming net win was up 145% quarter on quarter
 and with West Virginia having launched this week
 and Pennsylvania and Ontario upcoming,
 we will see iGaming revenues continue to climb
 on the back of our ever-improving product suite.
 In Australia, the December quarter saw the seamless delivery
 of record activity across the spring carnival.
 It is imperative that we deliver a reliable,
 secure
 and scalable system
 that meets the needs of our clients on peak days
 such as Melbourne Cup Day.
 On Caulfield Cup and Everest Day, Pointsbet Australia processed over 4,000 bets per minute, up 2.5 times on last year.
 On Melbourne Cup Day, we processed over 683,000 bets for the day,
 setting a new record.
 This continues PointsBet's impressive record
 of successfully managing peak days without incident
 in both Australia and the US.
 To wrap up my introduction, I want to return to the U.S.
 in New Jersey
 we've historically operated without the benefits of iGaming revenue and without the benefits
 of also being live in Pennsylvania.
 Many clients cross the border between New Jersey and Pennsylvania
 and will not use an app that is not operational in both markets.
 We have the Philadelphia Regional Sports Network via our relationship
 as the official sports betting partner of NBC.
 This delivers us integration exclusivity for all 76ers, Phillies and Flyers games, an extremely
 powerful asset.
 We've been utilising this asset to reach the South Jersey audience,
 but will shortly be able to unlock its full benefits by being live in Pennsylvania.
 following our New York launch earlier this week
 we are now amongst an exclusive group of operators
 that will be live in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New York.
 In New York, we are again leveraging our NBC partnership
 through Sportsnet NY, a part of the NBC Sports Group.
 SNY is the regional broadcast home of Major League Baseball's New York Mets
 In addition to carrying supplemental coverage of the NFL's New York Jets, they offer points
 year-round multi-platform media and marketing opportunities.
 In parallel with these exciting developments,
 PointsBet continues to deliver on its product vision.
 Recent months provide a taste of what is to come
 with market-leading innovation
 as we now leverage the hard work
 that's gone into building our proprietary technology and product.
 While it is disappointing to see the recent performance
 of our share price, we continue to
 focus on achieving our key operational priorities,
 investing in our proprietary best-in-class technology
 and working towards our long-term growth goals.
 We will now drill into particular focus areas.
 Slide four.
 compared to the group results for Q2FY
 2021 to be referred to as the
 PCP in Q2
 FY22
 sports birding turnover was up 11%
 at $1.33 billion.
 dollars. Our sports betting
 gross win was up 60% at
 $133.8 million
 and sports betting group net win
 was up 61% at $71.9 million.
 Q2 FY22 iGaming net win of $5.4 million
 represented
 a 145% increase quarter-on-quarter.
 Now turning to slide five.
 The Australian trading business continued its strong performance, ending the quarter
 with turnover of $727 million,
 up 34% compared to the PCP
 and net win of $53.1 million, up 7% from the PCP.
 However, net win was marginally lower than Q1 FY22, reflecting the business's focus on promotional activity during the spring carnival.
 Gross win margin and net win margin were 12.7% and 7.3% respectively.
 Now turning to slide six.
 The Australian trading business's Q2 marketing expense was $22.6 million, which assisted
 in delivering 12 month rolling cash
 active clients
 to 31 December of 232,875
 and increase of 63% compared to the PCP.
 to take advantage of the latter parts of the NRL and AFL seasons
 and the Spring Racing Carnival,
 the FY22 marketing budget was skewed towards H1
 to build our brand and to acquire and retain clients
 over this important period of the sporting and racing calendar.
 Marketing expense in H2 will be substantially lower than H1
 as we execute his strategy to front-end marketing expense
 this financial year and leverage our fantastic Shack assets.
 Now turning to slide 7.
 Compared to the PCP, the Australian trading business has seen improvement across several
 KPIs.
 We saw a 15% growth of first-time bettors.
 This was particularly pleasing given 2020 saw both AFL and NRL finals shift from September
 to October, resulting in increased first-time better activity in the PCP.
 PointsBet's app download volume grew by 121.3% compared to the PCP,
 representing the largest gain across all major competitors
 For context, sports betting increased volume by 34.5%
 and TAB by 33.9%, respectively, compared to the PCP.
 And Poinsman's brand awareness grew significantly.
 as mentioned earlier
 I'm also very pleased to report that
 our in-house proprietary system successfully process record bedding activity through the
 spring racing carnival.
 We saw new peaks reach for scale indicators such as bets per minute,
 concurrent active user sessions and settlements.
 Success on such big days in Australia provides the global team
 with even more confidence in the stability and scalability
 of our tech stack and trading
 systems as we enter into the NFL finals
 and launching more U.S. states.
 I'll now hand over to U.S. CEO Johnny Aitken to provide commentary on our U.S. business.
 Thank you, Sam.
 Turning to slide eight.
 In leading off, I wanted to say that we are pleased with the trade
 during the quarter.
 As communicated in January 2021, the December 2020 quarter for handle, gross win, and net win results was impacted by short-term trading variances, which reversed in January of 2021.
 and as such, the PCP comparison growth rate
 should be viewed with this in mind.
 Pleasingly,
 Q2 net win of $24.1 million,
 I've represented
 quarter-on-quarter growth of 64%.
 We remain focused on generating net win in our U.S. business and doing so in a sustainable and disciplined fashion.
 Please refer to Appendix 1 of the presentation
 for a state-by-state breakdown of handle, gross win, and net win.
 Handle for the quarter was $598.9 million, up 72% quarter on quarter.
 Handle shows a decline on PCP,
 but please don't like
 earlier comments on the impact of last year's short-term trading variances.
 I'd like to take a moment
 you to outline a very important part of our
 strategy. We are extremely
 focused on ensuring that every dollar of hand
 we book will ultimately drive
 value, and revenue.
 In line with this,
 Our focus is aimed at ensuring every client we acquire
 is capable of being
 got revenue generating
 rather than focusing
 on the sheer number of actives,
 how experienced customer intelligence
 and trading analytics teams are intensely focused
 on calculating the lifetime value of our clients,
 ensuring they are accurately and quickly profiled.
 Targeting, procuring, and retaining the right clients continues to be very important.
 PointsBets blended U.S. online handle market share in the States.
 we are operational in consolidated was 4.2% for the quarter
 compared to 4.5% in Q1 of FY22.
 A further breakdown of market share first date can be found on slide 8.
 Aust Handle is one indicator of business scale.
 we remain focused on growing that wind.
 Our strong sense is that analysts and operators agree that the market will transition from being heavily promotional-driven
 to one where the product experience is the primary driver
 of operator success combined with scale by distribution.
 and we certainly have the latter
 via our partnership with MBT.
 I note the heightened gross win margin
 and the points bet is delivered in New Jersey compared to all other states.
 This is partly due to variance, but is also being driven by the more advanced life cycle of the New Jersey market, as customers adopt more diverse products, such as parlays and player props, away from the traditional lower pregame margin spreads, totals, and money line bets.
 strengths controlled by
 out the
 proprietary tech, and internal trading models.
 Our quick parlay builder, parlay booster, same-game parlay,
 and now in-game same-game parlay
 are just the beginning
 of ongoing product feature enhancements.
 Now turning to slide nine.
 Due to marketing expenses, we're $29.7 million, and I'm pleased to report that the overall
 U.S. working media costs per
 per FDB was, again, under $500.
 We continue to invest in marketing and growing the brand across the U.S.
 Cash Actives grew to $211,000, up 210% compared to the PCP.
 It should be noted that this metric also reflects our retention efforts, not just acquisition
 volumes.
 There you go.
 A sizable portion of this quarter's marketing investment was into audiences outside of what
 with eight live states.
 This investment
 targeted upcoming states like virginia new york and pennsylvania and more broadly acts to build
 Brand Awareness and the Database Nationally
 to assist future state launches.
 we noted in the FY22Q1 call
 that there was an opportunity to better utilize our tactical promotion.
 A number of optimizations were made during Q2.
 refining our approach
 with a focus on
 rewarding our
 high-value, engaged client cohorts and gaining an improved share of wallet from them.
 We reinvested a smaller proportion of gross gaming revenue
 on the promotions in Q2 compared to Q1.
 While slightly lower than the peak seen in September and October,
 competition remains significant in the quarter
 Specifically, is it related to promotional activity?
 Thus, it was important to retain and incentivise our valued clients
 with all four major pro sports together being active
 along with college basketball and college football.
 However, it should be noted that we expect to gradually bring down
 the rate of promotional investment further in time as we continue to focus and lead
 with our superior product.
 Turning to slide 11.
 you're excited by the opportunity
 before us this calendar year as we target
 to be operational at least 17 states in the U.S.
 and also Ontario, Canada, our calendar year-end.
 our mid-December launch of online sports betting operations in Virginia
 with our partner, Colonial Downs,
 marked the eighth operational state for points bet.
 And one of our most successful state launches to date
 when looking at FTBs driven from NBC properties.
 Virginia represents a large market opportunity
 with a population of 8.5 million,
 a comparable size to New Jersey,
 and with a rich sports history.
 capping over 22,000 leads at launch
 largely driven by our partnership with NBC
 and leveraging local legend and 11-time NBA All-Star Alan Iverson
 appoints brand ambassador, our Virginia launch exceeded our execution goals.
 In the first week of launch, Virginia FTBs acquired by NBC channels
 were almost five times higher than FTBs acquired
 in the first week post-launch in the state of Michigan.
 this launch demonstrated that we continue to improve our strategic
 go-to-market plans
 that are leveraging our NBC partnership
 and execution capabilities.
 viewers have been familiar with the points that brands
 through our exclusive odds
 integrations and expert
 expert analysis
 during key NBC television broadcasts,
 including Sunday night football,
 where points about brand ambassadors
 and NBC NFL talent
 Drew Brees and Chris Sims
 host the Points Bet Pulse segment
 with an audience of nearly 20 million people each week.
 Notably, NBC's Washington Regional Sports Network affiliate is prominent throughout the region, including Maryland, an upcoming launch date for 2022, and serves as the exclusive regional broadcast home of the NBA's South Washington Wizards and the NHL's South Washington Capitals.
 They're utilising NBC's regional sports networks
 and owned and operated broadcast stations
 unlocks a daily presence with local market teams
 and top sporting events.
 creating a familiarity with the points that brand prior to launch.
 In December, we were named the official and exclusive sports betting partner of the University of Maryland Athletics.
 This multi-year agreement marks the first ever sports betting partnership within the storied Big Ten Conference and follows our deal with the University of Colorado, which has provided a template to work within the university space.
 The University of Maryland Athletics
 by us more than 3 million fans
 worldwide with nearly
 200,000 located in the DMV
 Raging, which stands for
 Washington DC, Maryland
 and Virginia
 Also as announced on the 25th of January,
 2022, points
 that launched operations in New York
 by representing another major milestone for our company, our brand, and our technology.
 as Sam mentioned earlier
 New York is expected to be one of the largest markets in the United States.
 And we are very proud to be one of our only
 nine licensed operators in the Big
 Apple.
 we will again look to leverage
 our NBC partnership through Sportsnet NY,
 are part of the NBC Sports Group.
 SMY is the regional broadcast home of the Major League Baseball's New York Mets,
 in addition to carrying supplemental coverage of the New York Jets.
 They offer points out with year-round multi-platform media
 and marketing opportunities across its unmatched portfolio of events.
 PointsBets will have additional leverage opportunities
 as one of only six operators that have a New York access
 and official NFL partnership status.
 As we plan for Pennsylvania to launch next month, our focus will be on the significant
 Philadelphia and Pittsburgh markets
 Since going live in New Jersey in 2019,
 we have been utilizing NBC Sports Philadelphia
 to reach the South South Jersey audience.
 This includes linear inventory and integration across the Flyers, the 76ers, and the Phillies,
 which taps into their hometown affection for their teams
 with both
 with
 by digital both on
 national sites, geotargeted ads in New Jersey,
 and utilising nbcsports.com's RSN-specific website.
 as made public by the New York State Gaming Commission
 on the 13th of August, 2021.
 points bet as an
 approved platform provider
 will also provide Resorts World,
 a wholly owned subsidiary of the Genting group
 with a B2B mobile sports wagering service in the state of New York.
 This strategic B2B agreement should be viewed as an accretive
 and valuable partnership for the company,
 but not indicative of a large B2B strategy of points spent.
 Aside from the unique economic opportunity presented by Resorts World Better New York,
 PointsBet remains solely focused on our B2C Sportsbook
 and their gaming operations.
 Turning to slide 12.
 Industry analysts keep increasing the estimated size
 is the U.S. online sports betting
 gross gaming revenue TAM opportunity.
 as we launched new states in two
 got 2,000
 about 22
 a coverage of the US population
 And with that, our TAM opportunity continues to grow considerably.
 We've seen some estimates point to an online sports betting talent maturity of US $42 billion, and on top of that, the US $18 billion for our gaming.
 we would know that horse racing is not
 not commonly included in the U.S. TAM estimates.
 However, from our experiences in Australia,
 we do think there is future upside in this category
 to be realized in the U.S.
 Hence why we bought BetPTC, a U.S. advanced deposit horse wagering business last year.
 With the recent launch in New York,
 the nine states points that is currently live in represents the total target population
 of 62 million people with an approximate sportsbook term of 10 and a half billion
 U.S. dollars at maturity.
 adding in near-term launches of pennsylvania ontario louisiana tennessee maryland and ohio
 represents a further target population of 46 million.
 An additional $6.8 billion Sportsbook TAM opportunity.
 Turning to slide 13.
 The NBC and PointsPet partnership entered its second year at the start of September 2021.
 and the partnership continued to
 drive results
 and break new ground in the category.
 it should be noted
 that at the end of the quarter,
 only 16.5% of the total NBC lead base
 was a direct first-time better opportunity for points bet.
 However, that number will jump to an approximate 26%
 Come February, go 2022.
 once both New York and Pennsylvania are launched
 and grow even higher over the calendar year.
 I'm pleased with how the partnership is developing
 and excited for the innovation we have planned in H2.
 the coming period will include
 a more robust
 a more robust sort of digital plan
 incorporating NBC's new
 by regional connected TV and
 and over-the-top solutions spot on.
 There are also additional opportunities for inclusion
 on their quickly growing streaming platform, Peacock.
 This combination of national and regional networks
 along with the local TV assets
 gives us the ability to create bespoke
 bespoke strategies to reach any audience.
 I'd like to now introduce our Group Chief Operating Officer, Mark Hughes, formerly the
 CEO of Bannock Technology.
 Mark began his career working for Paddy Power,
 now pops
 that part of the
 now part of the
 I thought
 group, I should say. As a pivotal
 member of the quantitative analytics team.
 As previously noted, in-play betting is estimated to make up at least 75%
 in the US of all sports wagering activity
 go within the next three years.
 and PointsBet acquired Bannock technology to take advantage of this in-play opportunity.
 Mark will highlight the progress we've made in this area
 again over the quarter,
 are integrating the Bannock trading platform.
 Over to you, Mark.
 Thank you, Johnny.
 Now, turning to slide 14,
 in play is our North Star.
 we believe in the value
 sports betting brings an enhancing
 the varying experience of a sporting event.
 And we are building a product to appeal to the user that enjoys that experience.
 We are on the journey to building an always-on experience
 that drives customer engagement and repeat usage,
 meaning more player days, more engagement for player day, and ultimately a higher delivery of utility to the customer.
 Our data shows that InPlay delivers the product experience to keep the user engaged and on-app during a session.
 Our in-play customers demonstrate a higher average bed size,
 the best more frequently,
 they have more bets per play day
 and ultimately a higher average revenue per user.
 Turning to slide 15.
 The launch of our enhanced in-house in-play model for NFL in October 2021
 represented a big milestone for the company.
 points that acquired
 Bannock Technology in early
 2021 with the intent
 to accelerate ambitions
 to deliver a world-class in-play betting experience
 to our customers in the U.S.
 Panic Technology was founded with the vision to build a modern sports betting technology platform
 to support the delivery of a more enriched and quality betting experience for the in-play customer in the U.S.
 Since launching the new in-play NFL model, we have already seen key results when compared to the period immediately prior to release.
 Firstly, the improved vetting experience.
 The new algorithm has reduced the amount of time our in-play product is suspended for
 passing by more than 40%.
 This results in a significant increase in the volume of opportunities our customer has to place a bet.
 This coupled with improved vet placement journeys have led to a reduction of approximately
 six and a half.
 50% in bets rejected.
 Secondly, product expansion.
 we have increased
 fourfold the number of betting markets
 that our players can bet on.
 This includes the addition of player prop betting markets and the market-first in-play
 same game parlay.
 We also need our customers to show an appetite to engage with this new content.
 and the early statistics have showed huge promise
 with a proportion of turnover
 outside three core betting markets
 increasing by 42%.
 Our users want to play this product, and we'll continue to deliver for them.
 This also offers a proportional increase in cash-out opportunities for our customers.
 And thirdly, results.
 Our stated North Star is in play, and our hypothesis is that a product improvement will drive our users to better in play.
 since the launch of our NFL model
 in play as a proportion of overall NFL
 has grown by 44 percent continuing to push the boundaries of the customer experience and with
 the integration of the official NFL data from BetGenius.
 We have seen further improvements in both in-play betting availability and bet delays.
 January has seen the introduction of our in-house in-play MBA product, and we will plan a fast follow for our in-house in-play NCAAB model, and an overall improvement in our in-play tennis offering with the introduction of IDF Tennis.
 We're forecasting similar improvements on other in-house products and continued
 to improve the future.
 momentum towards our vision to deliver a world-class in-play betting experience to our customers.
 Evidencing our progress during NBC's playoff game on Saturday 15th of January
 between the Raiders and the Bengals' wildcard,
 We are proud to have become the first U.S. sports betting provider
 to offer clients live in-game betting opportunities
 with zero suspensions across the core markets of spread and money line.
 All of the aforementioned initiatives demonstrate our ability to continue to innovate
 and lead the market with unique and value-adding products.
 Turning to slide 16, I would now like to touch upon iGaming.
 The iGaming product continues to show strong quarter-on-quarter improvement with NatWin
 up 145%.
 We were particularly excited to have launched our live dealer table solution in Michigan in November
 and New Jersey in December, including Blackjack, Roulette, and Baccarat.
 Online Casino products have seen a rapid growth in the U.S.
 and the Experience iGaming team at PointsBet is responsive to our users
 and eager to bring our customers the experience and gains they are looking for.
 The introduction of live theater gaming is a welcome addition to points that's growing
 way during products, please.
 Our live gaming options in Michigan offer top-tier choices for our players
 and will serve as a template as iGaming expands in other jurisdictions in the U.S. and Canada.
 We launched iGaming in West Virginia on January 27
 and anticipate further launches in Pennsylvania and Ontario in the coming month.
 Importantly, we look forward to the continued product improvements we have in development
 as we move to the next phase of our iGaming offering,
 including a significantly enhanced games library, automated promotional functionality, personalized offerings, and other innovations.
 We will continue to see online casino and customer activity
 and revenue generation over the coming months.
 And now I'd like to hand it over to our group CFO, Andrew Miller.
 Thanks, Mark.
 Turning to slide 17 for the quarterly four-city cash flow summary.
 me.
 As of the 31st of December 21, the company's corporate cash balance was $523.3 million.
 dollars. Net cash used in operating activities during the quarter ending 31 December, excluding
 the movement in player cash accounts
 was $56 million.
 I'll now walk through each of the main line items.
 Receipts from customers for the quarter totaled $90.4 million.
 This includes NetWin from Sportsbook and iGaming verticals of $77.3 million as previously presented
 by Sam and Johnny.
 and a balance of $13.1 million
 includes cash receipts
 from our European B2B
 operations, cash receipts
 from our U.S. racing ADW business
 and a partial New York licence fee reimbursement received from Resorts World Bet,
 a subsidiary of the Genting Group,
 as part of our B2B platform provider agreement
 to power the Resorts for Betts online sportsbook operation
 in New York State.
 As earlier presented by Johnny,
 this strategic B2B agreement should be viewed
 as an accretive and valuable partnership for the company,
 but not indicative of a larger B2B strategy of points bet.
 Cash outflows during the quarter included.
 cost of sales of $44.8 million
 dollars which
 grew on the previous quarter in line with increased
 trading activity in both the US and Australia.
 Australia.
 non-capitalised staff costs of $18.9 million
 with global FTEs growing to 539 at the end of Q2
 as we continue to build to scale
 And in addition, we have support staff which are engaged by third-party service companies.
 Marketing cash outflow for the quarter was $65.6 million.
 dollars. This increased quarter
 and quarter with slightly increased marketing
 expenses as well as being
 due to the movement in prepayments and accruals
 from the prior quarter.
 As previously disclosed, the Australian marketing expense was $22.6 million Australian dollars
 for the quarter and the US marketing expense was $29.7 million
 US dollars for the quarter
 as noted by Sam
 the Australian marketing expense
 will reduce significantly in H2 versus H1
 and we expect the US marketing expense in Q3 to be higher than Q2
 as we launch new US states,
 including the recent launch in New York
 and soon to be followed by Pennsylvania, our 10th US state of operation.
 cash outflows of administration corporate costs
 and GST paid on Australian Net Win
 was $17 million for the quarter.
 turning to investing activities.
 Net cash used in investing activities during the quarter ending of 31 December
 was AU$43.6 million.
 Australian dollars.
 The main driver of this outflow
 was the well-documented market access payment
 to the New York State Gaming Commission
 of US$25 million required to receive our New York State mobile wagering licence.
 Further over the quarter, the company capitalised $7 million
 of technology and product staff wages
 as part of continued development
 of our sports wagering and iGaming platform.
 there was minimal cash flows from financing activities for the period
 and the company has no corporate borrowings.
 At the end of December, we had $523 million in corporate cash.
 We take a disciplined approach to setting up the company for long-term success, investing
 in our unique and market-leading proprietary technology
 and product platform.
 continuing to grow the team to scale across the globe
 and investing in our marketing strategy.
 I'll now hand back to Sam.
 Thanks, Andy.
 turning to slide
 slide 18 and in closing
 some brief words on Canada.
 we eagerly await the announcement
 of an official launch date for Ontario
 which is imminent.
 not be more pleased with what has been achieved
 by our team led by Canadian CEO, Scott Vanderwell.
 We are dedicated to delivering a brand and an experience
 that is genuinely Canadian.
 the deals that we have executed with dailyfairsoft.com
 and the Nation Network, Curling Canada,
 the National Hockey League Alumni Association,
 and the Trailer Park Boys are all true to this strategy.
 We are extremely confident in the efficiency of the cut-through
 these partnerships will deliver to grow brand recognition
 and acquire clients.
 In launching PointSpec Canada into Ontario, the Canadian team will leverage not only the
 proprietary technology and marketing
 product that
 the company
 is built, but also the global scale we now possess with a one-team approach supported
 by staff in numerous continents.
 Thanks for your time and we will now take questions.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press star 2.
 if you're on a speakerphone
 please pick up the handset to ask your question.
 your first question
 comes from Rohan Syndrome from MST Financial.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, team. I might start with a question for Sam.
 Just how are you thinking about the long-term share aspirations of the business
 in light of the ongoing increases in estimated North America terms?
 And so would you be happy with, say, a 5% share of a $70 billion market
 as opposed to, say, 10% of a $30 billion market?
 Is that how you're thinking about it?
 I could, I wrote.
 No, I think, look, our aspiration remains to look towards that 10% market share.
 I think the reality is
 is what we thought
 you know
 in terms of a marketing budget
 that would allow us to achieve that
 is now effectively probably a marketing budget
 that's more akin to achieving, say, a 3% or 4% market share
 because as you've sort of drawn the link to,
 the size of the market has
 grown dramatically and the size
 or the estimated size of the future market.
 so our competitors are being far more aggressive in line with that
 and they're being far more aggressive from a promotional perspective.
 So, you know, I suppose our relative budget, if you think about us spending, you know, 27 last quarter and a little bit more this quarter, the market was probably spending close to a billion dollars those two quarters on marketing.
 So we're probably spending about 3% of what the market's spending for marketing.
 So it's a bit unrealistic for us to expect at this stage in the current environment to be heading rapidly north towards that 10%.
 But as, you know, I suppose as we assume the market transitions, you know, it was interesting hearing Adam, the CEO of MGM, BetMGM yesterday or the day before talk about maybe there's another 12 months of, you know, this heightened aggressiveness in the market, maybe one more start of NFL season.
 but then their expectation is that perhaps things ease off a little bit and we probably
 agree with that and in line with that you know obviously we're continuing to make rapid progress
 on our product strategy
 So we think those two things combined, improving our brand, we're investing in our brand, we're investing in building databases, while it may take longer to get to that 10%, given the growing TAM and the amount that's being spent, we still plan to get there as the market transitions to being more product-focused.
 Okay.
 thanks
 and onto the New Jersey share.
 I know it's not the main game, but I take into account the reduction there in turnover.
 But given the high net win, how would you share a look on a net win basis, especially given the first quarter was almost 8% net win?
 yeah well I mean
 New Jersey is a very good example.
 So, you know, from a market share perspective,
 we came under a bit of pressure again
 But from a net win perspective, net win quarter on quarter was up to 1.25%.
 So that's a good example.
 We want to keep growing net win.
 Now, if that's a smaller portion of the market
 than we thought would be, that's in some ways a positive
 because, again, it talks to the fact that the market is bigger than most expected
 and he's growing more rapidly.
 Johnny made a comment during his part about the fact that, you know,
 New Jersey now it's becoming a bit of a trend that its gross margin yields are yielding
 higher than our other states.
 And, you know, we look at the reason behind that.
 And as he said, some of it's some variance, but some of it is definitely some differences
 in player behaviour in terms of that slightly more mature market now
 because it's been open a bit longer.
 Players,
 gravitating to the higher margin products,
 the same game parlays, the player props, et cetera.
 And we think, again, that's a positive trend for us because it shows that they're moving into the, let's call it the sweet spot for points bet because this is where we aim to lead in terms of having the most engaging product set.
 Thank you, Sam.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from
 Joe Stout from SIG. Please go ahead.
 Good morning, everyone.
 One, you know, Sam, you talked about New Jersey, you know, Indiana and Michigan were, you know, the states, the bigger states that you have exposure to in the third quarter where you lost share.
 but
 I guess the expectation, rightfully or wrongfully, it would take a while to build those back
 given the advertising and the promotional environment,
 but you're able to
 rebuild in Michigan, and I was wondering
 Can you describe or talk about, you know, maybe some of the methods that you use to
 to recapture some of that lost share in the fourth quarter.
 I'm sorry, in the fiscal second quarter versus the first quarter.
 That's the first question.
 And then I wanted to ask about customer acquisition costs.
 Johnny, you had mentioned
 And you guys are still running about $500 or so.
 and
 And with your newer lawn states in Virginia,
 in Pennsylvania in a month
 or, you know, in February
 in New York
 and your ability to rely on your RSNs, your NBC RSNs,
 Would it be fair to assume that customer acquisition costs could come down in those particular markets?
 Hi, Joe.
 So in terms of Michigan, look, again,
 And I think the pleasing thing for Michigan,
 yes, our sports betting market share did go up.
 But again, even more importantly, I think we had 700,000 of net win last quarter
 and this quarter was something like $3.2 million.
 So, again, really good growth in Michigan from a net win perspective.
 you know I think
 obviously when you've got the casino
 products improving
 When we think about states that have a mix of sports betting and iGaming, you really
 do have to look at them
 in totality
 because it goes without saying
 that if a client goes and loses some money playing blackjack,
 well, then that's perhaps less money
 that they have to turn over on sports betting.
 So the two are genuinely related.
 and that's when you're looking at New Jersey, Michigan
 and soon to be West Virginia and Pennsylvania
 and states with mix.
 You have to look at the combined result.
 not, you know, there's a difference
 if you just have sports betting to having sports betting and iGaming.
 Johnny, is there anything you'd want to say about Michigan in particular?
 particular? I'll just add, Sam, that again, we view every state as a state as its own country,
 and each state sort of differs in terms of the dynamics
 and how, again, consumers consume sport, the population by distribution.
 You know, a market like Michigan is very unique.
 And in that particular, you know, we're seeing, I guess, the early results of our very smart investment with Olympia Entertainment.
 So they own the arena where the Pistons and the Red Wings play.
 we made a smart investment into building a sports bar
 next to the main entrance of the stadium
 and when you've got at least 82 home games of NBA, NHL
 and people are walking past the points that brand
 going in and out of the arena and going in there
 and having a drink.
 It's played a role in making sure the points bet's part of the local sporting fabric there
 and part of the consideration when people in Michigan and Detroit
 is thinking about where to place their next bet or sign-up.
 Thanks, John.
 In terms of the CAC, Joe, I mean, we spent,
 and Johnny made a comment about this,
 We spent $29.7 million on marketing.
 and the last quarter was similar in terms of
 because we were waiting to launch in Virginia
 and we knew that we had upcoming launches
 And we were waiting, but, you know, quietly confident of a positive outcome in New York.
 and again, confident of a positive outcome
 with licensing in Pennsylvania.
 it's been a strange couple of quarters
 because a fair chunk of our marketing budget
 It has gone into the Washington RNC and the Philly RSN and SNY in New York.
 So as those states go live, Virginia, now New York,
 and soon Pennsylvania, that spend goes from being sort of out of state
 to being in life states.
 And so that proportion of, let's call it somewhat of spend
 that was going outside and maybe less efficient.
 Yes, it was building the brand and warming those states up.
 that then comes in state.
 So I wouldn't necessarily say that CACs are going to come down because we're now going live into those states.
 but we certainly do believe that those,
 it's the model that we've used
 obviously in Chicago that
 we're never going to outspend
 these big guys at the moment but
 You know, the audience watches live sport.
 you know we've got
 Phillies, 76ers, all the
 teams that Johnny spoke about, the Mets
 in New York, etc.
 getting in front of those eyeballs
 through those RSNs we think is a very efficient mechanism
 to grow our brand and acquire clients.
 Thank you, guys.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Desmond Stowe from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Oh, hi, Tane.
 And I've just got a couple of questions around slide 14 and 15.
 I think you guys provided some interesting detail on those two slides.
 But, you know, obviously, I think Mark noted a couple of industry-first achievements by the business in the U.S.
 and obviously now with Bannock and the rise in play,
 I was wondering if you can just talk a bit more
 back the opportunity that InPlay presents
 and then more specifically whether you have a sense of market share within in play you know
 would it be fair to say that your share of the in-play market
 is actually far greater than the blended 4.2% share
 that you talked to today?
 yeah good question um yeah i think in terms of the opportunity yeah i want i really want this to be
 clear in terms of stepping through
 the dynamics of the US market
 you know we've
 We've been at a disadvantage because we didn't come from an iGaming background.
 around most of the companies that we're competing against.
 New Jersey legalised iGaming
 back in something like 2013
 so most of our competitors have been operating
 iGaming in America, in one state
 at least and maturing all of their products and practices
 for some time, you know, pre-PASPA being repealed.
 Add to that, as I said, the fact that we took the time
 to build our own platform because we want it.
 we want to own it
 We want to keep the margin for the long term.
 We have been at a competitive disadvantage
 from a product set perspective but also
 from a revenue perspective
 of not having had
 having had that product.
 But as we think about, you know,
 forward-looking states yeah I think it needs to be clear that all the states
 that are going live now and launching are all sports
 betting only.
 So iGaming expertise is not going to necessarily get you anywhere
 if you don't have sports betting expertise.
 and obviously our blueprint is to win our market share
 on the back of our sports betting expertise.
 and then when iGaming does get legalised,
 two years later or three years later for a particular state, we've already got hundreds
 of thousands of clients
 and we can cross-sell 40% of them
 or whatever that number is to iGaming,
 versus, you know, someone who was focused on iGaming.
 well they won't have any market share if they don't have particularly sports betting product
 and they're not going to win that market share
 in those sports betting states.
 But within that earning of market share from sports betting,
 I don't think there's any operators out there
 that aren't talking about a 75% in-play market.
 so everyone's agreeing that 75% of sports bets will be placed in play
 and we're on a path to, we believe, leading within that sector.
 Now, we want to lead within the entire product sector.
 so we want to have the best product full stop and that includes you know improving our gaming
 product but you know leading the way and now starting to deliver on some of our product
 vision, part of the challenge when you build
 something from scratch
 you know
 we built
 We've built this tech stack from scratch, even in Australia.
 and, you know, at the start with not a lot of resources
 is it takes time to deliver things.
 And we're now getting to the point where we're delivering.
 You know, we're starting to innovate as, you know, 100% uptime, in-play, same-game, parlay, et cetera.
 So when it comes to the in-play vision and how important it's going to be for winning market share and ultimately succeeding in the US, I don't think anyone's in doubt with that.
 and I hope, you know, the market is starting to see
 our points bet. He's already
 leading in this category but he's going to put the foot down
 and continue to, you know, to really put a gap on there.
 In terms of market share, in-play market share,
 I'll throw to Johnny, but I would just say perhaps, you know, I think it's still a customer journey.
 and that's what we were talking about from the New Jersey perspective
 that, you know, the market is still very focused on the promos, et cetera.
 it'll gradually gravitate to be more product focused and then there's the
 second part to that is though as clients get a little bit more sophisticated as we're seeing in
 New Jersey, and they branch away from the core bet types into more creative bet types
 and higher margin bet types.
 But, Johnny, do you have a feel for whether you believe
 we're already over-indexing
 from an in-play perspective?
 That's it.
 Sam I think
 I think the true sort of read-through will be sort of Q3 and onwards,
 this quarter and onwards.
 And the reason being there is that, again, in Q2,
 we saw NFL and NBA move on to our internal trading feeds
 powered by the Bannock technology.
 and so now sort of for each quarter ahead
 we'll get a true read of the power that drives.
 You know, one of the things I think is misunderstood by the market is that it isn't just about competing for in play on the number of markets you have.
 It isn't just about building player props and micro markets.
 really the core tenet of offering an in-play experience that drives repeat usage and allows
 you to lean in on your product over
 sort of, again, sort of covering maybe with gaps in your product
 with heavier sort of promotions,
 Tenders are ramping up at the longest.
 again you know sort of aiming towards that zero sort of betting suspensions and giving
 consumers that complete experience to place a bet,
 to cash out their bet without, again, you know,
 the moment when the marketers
 and then the second tenant is around
 the speed
 had to accept the bet.
 Again, you know, we sort of know that our competition in general
 apply 7-10 second bet delay
 when any in-play bet is placed
 And then after that seven and ten seconds passes
 and the bet is then pinged again to the trading software
 that's being used externally by a lot of our
 competitors, 50% of the time
 the bets being rejected due to a price change
 again due to the market being suspended
 Again, you know, we're, again, actively working
 and sort of backing in the models that have been delivered by BANIC,
 sort of backing in again
 the pricing efficiency that we have
 that we have the confidence
 continue to
 continue to put as many clients as we can
 on zero bet delay.
 And so not only matching, again, as I said, that sort of, you know, sort of uptime goal to, again, continue to increase that, but also accepting bets, you know, in sort of lightning speed.
 And if we're up the longest and quickest to accept, we think that combined with our product features.
 and then you've got, again, distribution of the message
 of points bet being the king of in play,
 particularly across the NBC platform.
 again, it's going to be a huge ongoing driver
 of client activity for the business.
 Great. Thanks, Sam. Thanks, Johnny. Appreciate it.
 That's all for me.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Larry Gantler from Credit Twist.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, Tim. A few questions from me.
 Sam, just in New Jersey, I, you know, hearing how you guys evolved, you know, the management of that offering there.
 Can you talk to whether that involved a churn of customers or did you migrate existing customers into new patterns?
 How did that play out?
 And is this a sort of first date?
 How come you didn't sort of take this approach in Illinois yet?
 Is it just a different circumstance there?
 G'day, Larry.
 I think across the business, we made a comment, and I think Johnny referenced it again, that last quarter, we probably didn't focus enough on our existing clients or our higher quality clients with our promotions and focused on the acquisition period.
 And I think, you know, we do want to focus on quality clients without wanting to, you know, everyone's got their own strategies, but, you know, acquiring clients is not hard.
 We can run promotions and give away money and just acquire clients,
 but that doesn't necessarily mean that all of those clients are going to be of value.
 So we're trying to find the balance, and I think that's the message coming out,
 that, yes, we will keep growing,
 but we want to keep growing responsibly.
 so if you know
 adding another 10,000 actives or 20,000 actives if those actives are no good
 And that's the same in terms of churn.
 there's no point trying to hold on to some clients if they're just they're
 just genuinely not genuine, then we make no apologies for doing that.
 So, no, I wouldn't sort of say that we're actively, you know,
 targeting,
 segments or
 disconnecting from certain segments
 apart from unprofitable segments.
 clients that are just not going to be worth anything
 and in terms of Illinois
 No, it's very similar.
 it's very similar
 of the strategies to sign.
 It's about a focus on value, continuing to grow.
 it's just the dynamics work out
 that in New Jersey
 we grew revenue by that 24% quarter on quarter,
 lost a bit of market share.
 In Illinois, we'll be able to continue growth
 without losing that market share,
 but the strategy is consistent.
 system okay excellent there and um with new jersey just continuing on that um i think you did about
 15 million of net wind in the half
 Let's say we annualize that and a bit more.
 New Jersey's been funding
 marketing for new states
 But if we kind of withdraw that new state support, are we getting close to break even in New Jersey alone?
 to sort of isolate just New Jersey marketing?
 yeah I think
 I think we are, Larry.
 You know, I mean, I think when we do 10.8 for the quarter,
 but I would rather times that by four
 because the iGaming product has come in
 and that wasn't necessarily present in previous quarters.
 there's a lot happening in New Jersey.
 There's a lot of market dynamics still there.
 So I'll call out a few.
 You know, obviously going live in New York and being one of the exclusive group that will be live in New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania will be helpful going live in Pennsylvania.
 year we spoke to that Philly audience
 the continued growth of the iGaming product
 is going to be vitally important.
 But, you know, I think by the middle of next year, you know,
 we think New Jersey is turning profitable.
 So, you know, post the PASPA cessation of sports, you know, sport came back in the middle of post-COVID in the middle of 2020, sort of had to restart the business.
 And so we think by the end of next financial year, we're turning profitable.
 Okay, great.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Don Carducci from JPMorgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Morning, everyone.
 And so just a couple quick ones from me.
 So if I think about the net new active customers, where did they come from?
 Was it the new markets or was it maybe those markets that you'd been in for 12 months or more?
 Hey, Don.
 Yeah, I mean, look, obviously we acquire clients in all new markets.
 It's the difference being that in a market like New Jersey,
 where you have been alive for some time
 you also churn clients out the back end.
 And so the increase in active clients is a net effect.
 It's what you've added.
 And obviously the increase we've acquired more first-time bettors than that increase
 inactives.
 but we've also churned some clients in the back end.
 so that's the
 that's the net the net effect
 Yeah, no, got it.
 understand that. So I guess if I rephrase the question, I mean, you have churn is the majority
 of this churn coming from new states
 Or is it coming from the existing states that you've been in for 12 months or more, like New Jersey, Iowa, Indiana?
 Yeah, by the definition, because we're giving a 12-month rolling number,
 it has to be states that we've been live in
 for more than 12 months
 because if we've been live in a state for six months, for example,
 all of those clients would be in the 12-month active number.
 gotcha
 And then can you give us a little bit of clarity on the cash frame guidance maybe for next quarter?
 include, you know, license payments, et cetera.
 Obviously, Pennsylvania, that's a steep one, New Jersey,
 but just kind of a little bit of guidance
 on what we should expect for that.
 Yeah, sure, Don Sandy.
 you know I think
 And just talk to Cashburn generally, you know, we're continuing to build, obviously, for the long term and investing in this opportunity, particularly in the US and the product.
 And that is requiring a reasonable level of upfront investment, as you mentioned, the
 the market access requirements, licensing requirements,
 and the marketing investment which I think
 that's pretty well understood as we roll out into new states.
 As it relates to the market access payment,
 obviously this was a large payment that we made
 in New York which was $25 million US
 in Q2
 the payment required for Pennsylvania
 is 11 million US dollars
 which will be paid in Q3
 So the business development payments for Q3 will be lower than Q2.
 Gotcha. Thanks, Tim.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions at this time.
 That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now disconnect.
 Thank you.