 Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PointsBet Holdings Limited Q2 FY2022 Appendix 4C Investor Presentation. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question, you will need to press the star key followed by the number 1 on your telephone keypad. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sam Swannell, Group CEO. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning, and thank you all for joining the PointsBet Holdings Limited Q2 FY2022 Business Update and Activities Report. This is Group CEO Sam Swannell, and I'm joined on the call today by our Group CFO Andrew Mellor, our US CEO Johnny Atkin in Denver, and our Group Chief Operating Officer Mark Hughes, who is joining us from Dublin. Before we begin, please note all numbers referred to are unaudited and in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated. Turning to slide 3. The December 2021 quarter, as well as the month of January, has been a period of great progress for PointsBet. During the quarter, we saw improvement in relation to many of our core financial metrics, and we've also made great strides in terms of expanding our addressable market and delivering on our product vision. This has been headlined by an exciting launch into New York this week. New York is expected to be one of the largest markets in the United States, and we are very proud to be one of only nine licensed operators to gain access. This is in addition to our launch in Virginia last month, and will be followed by our launch into Pennsylvania in February. These are obviously very substantial markets and allow PointsBet to leverage key NBC regional sports network assets in each market. We also this week launched iGaming in West Virginia. We will continue to grow our total addressable market rapidly, with Ontario, Canada likely to follow Pennsylvania, and at least a further seven states are expected to be added in North America in calendar year 2022. In November, we were thrilled to deliver our first major in-play product upgrade following the acquisition of Bannock Technologies, now known as PointsBet Europe. Sports betting is the product that is leading the expansion of online betting across the USA. To win market share and deliver success in the US market will require excellence in sports betting product and execution. As sports betting is legalised across the US, we anticipate that 75% of all online bets will be placed in-play, that is, once a match has already started. Providing an elite, optimised client experience for in-play betting is beyond the capabilities of most operators who do not have modern in-house proprietary technology, combined with advanced models and automated real-time trading systems. US sports in particular continues to be poorly serviced in terms of the in-play client experience. PointsBet's superior optimised client experience, in particular around in-play, will clearly differentiate us from our opposition. The PointsBet Europe upgrade has now been applied to NFL and recently NBA. Further sports will swiftly follow. The impact on our NFL KPIs has been impressive and provides huge encouragement regarding the path we are on. In-play handle is up 44% since the upgrade and Group COO Mark Hughes will speak to other impressive positive indicators later in the presentation. It is also worth mentioning that this month PointsBet became the first operator in the US to offer in-play betting with zero suspensions or 100% uptime across the core markets of NFL's spread and money line. Most people would be unaware that the majority of operators are operating at just 70% of uptime, meaning that when a client attempts to place a bet, the market is suspended 30% of the time. It's not hard to see the difference in player experience between the two outcomes and thus the positive sentiment and ultimately ongoing patronage that will be earned via the superior product experience. In addition to in-play betting, another key product battleground is parlays and in particular same-game parlays. As such, it gives me great pride to announce that this week PointsBet released its market-first NFL and NBA in-play or live same-game parlay. PointsBet's same-game parlay has proven incredibly popular with our clients and providing them with the opportunity to place these bets during a game is a further example of how PointsBet is hitting its stride, leveraging the capabilities of our proprietary technology and models. As you'll see in today's numbers, it's also great to see US net win increase 64% quarter on quarter to reflect the improvements we've made across the business. That improvement also includes iGaming. As is well recognised, PointsBet was late to the US market from an iGaming perspective. We were not in New Jersey pre-PASPA repeal like many of our competitors and we took the time to build our own in-house proprietary platform as we set the business up the correct way for long-term success. But we're now making swift ground. In November, we released the Evolution Live Casino product set into Michigan and this was completed for New Jersey in January. iGaming net win was up 145% quarter on quarter and with West Virginia having launched this week and Pennsylvania and Ontario upcoming, we will see iGaming revenues continue to climb on the back of our ever-improving product suite. In Australia, the December quarter saw the seamless delivery of record activity across the spring carnival. It is imperative that we deliver a reliable, secure and scalable system that meets the needs of our clients on peak days such as Melbourne Cup Day. On Caulfield Cup and Everest Day, PointsBet Australia processed over 4,000 bets per minute, up 2.5 times on last year. On Melbourne Cup Day, we processed over 683,000 bets for the day, setting a new record. This continues PointsBet's impressive record of successfully managing peak days without incident in both Australia and the US. To wrap up my introduction, I want to return to the US. In New Jersey, we've historically operated without the benefits of iGaming revenue and without the benefits of also being live in Pennsylvania. Many clients cross the border between New Jersey and Pennsylvania and will not use an app that is not operational in both markets. We have the Philadelphia Regional Sports Network via our relationship as the official sports betting partner of NBC. This delivers us integration exclusivity for all 76ers, Phillies and Flyers games, an extremely powerful asset. We've been utilising this asset to reach the South Jersey audience, but will shortly be able to unlock its full benefits by being live in Pennsylvania. Following our New York launch earlier this week, we are now amongst an exclusive group of operators that will be live in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New York. In New York, we are again leveraging our NBC partnership through Sportsnet NY, a part of the NBC Sports Group. SNY is the regional broadcast home of Major League Baseball's New York Mets. In addition to carrying supplemental coverage of the NFL's New York Jets, they offer PointsBet year-round multi-platform media and marketing opportunities. In parallel with these exciting developments, PointsBet continues to deliver on its product vision. Recent months provide a taste of what is to come, with market-leading innovation as we now leverage the hard work that's gone into building our proprietary technology and product. While it is disappointing to see the recent performance of our share price, we continue to focus on achieving our key operational priorities, investing in our proprietary best-in-class technology and working towards our long-term growth goals. We will now drill into particular focus areas. Slide four. Paired to the group results for Q2 FY 2021 to be referred to as the PCP, in Q2 FY 22, sports betting turnover was up 11% at $1.33 billion. Our sports betting gross win was up 60% at $133.8 million. And sports betting group net win was up 61% at $71.9 million. Q2 FY 22 iGaming net win of $5.4 million represented a 145% increase quarter-on-quarter. Now turning to slide five. The Australian trading business continued its strong performance, ending the quarter with turnover of $727 million, up 34% compared to the PCP. And net win of $53.1 million, up 7% from the PCP. However, net win was marginally lower than Q1 FY 22, reflecting the business's focus on promotional activity during the spring carnival. Gross win margin and net win margin were 12.7% and 7.3% respectively. Now turning to slide six. The Australian trading business's Q2 marketing expense was $22.6 million, which assisted in delivering 12-month rolling cash active clients to 31 December of $232,875 and increased a decrease of 63% compared to the PCP. To take advantage of the latter parts of the NRL and AFL seasons and the spring racing carnival, the FY 22 marketing budget was skewed towards H1 to build our brand and to acquire and retain clients over this important period of the sporting and racing calendar. Marketing expense in H2 will be substantially lower than H1 as we execute this strategy to front-end marketing expense this financial year and leverage our fantastic Shack assets. Now turning to slide seven. Compared to the PCP, the Australian trading business has seen improvement across several KPIs. We saw a 15% growth of first-time bettors. This was particularly pleasing given 2020 saw both AFL and NRL finals shift from September to October, resulting in increased first-time better activity in the PCP. PointsBet's app download volume grew by 121.3% compared to the PCP, representing the largest gain across all major competitors. For context, SportsBet increased volume by 34.5% and Tab by 33.9% respectively, compared to the PCP. And PointsBet's brand awareness grew significantly. As mentioned earlier, I'm also very pleased to report that our in-house proprietary system successfully processed record betting activity through the Spring Racing Carnival. We saw new peaks reach for scale indicators such as bets per minute, concurrent active user sessions and settlements. Success on such big days in Australia provides the global team with even more confidence in the stability and scalability of our tech stack and trading systems as we enter into the NFL finals and launch in more US states. I will now hand over to US CEO, Johnny Aitken, to provide commentary on our US business. Thank you, Sam. Turning to slide eight. In leading off, I wanted to say that we are pleased with the trade during the quarter. As communicated in January 2021, the December 2020 quarter for handle, gross win and net win results was impacted by short-term trading variances, which reversed in January of 2021. And as such, the PCP comparison growth rate should be viewed with this in mind. Pleasingly, Q2 net win of $24.1 million represented quarter-on-quarter growth of 64%. We remain focused on generating net win in our US business and doing so in a sustainable and disciplined fashion. Please refer to Appendix 1 of the presentation for a state-by-state breakdown of handle, gross win and net win. Handle for the quarter was $598.9 million, up 72% quarter-on-quarter. Handle shows a decline on PCP, but please note my earlier comments on the impact of last year's short-term trading variances. I'd like to take a moment here to outline a very important part of our strategy. We are extremely focused on ensuring that every dollar of handle we book will ultimately drive value and revenue. In line with this, our focus is aimed at ensuring every client we acquire is capable of being revenue-generating. Rather than focusing on the sheer number of actives, our experienced customer intelligence and trading analytics teams are intensely focused on calculating the lifetime value of our clients, ensuring they are accurately and quickly profiled. Targeting, procuring, and retaining the right clients continues to be very important. PointsBets' blended US online handle market share in the states we are operational in consolidated was 4.2% for the quarter, compared to 4.5% in Q1 of FY22. A further breakdown of market share per state can be found on slide 8. Whilst handle is one indicator of business scale, we remain focused on growing net win. Our strong sense is that analysts and operators agree that the market will transition from being heavily promotional-driven to one where the product experience is the primary driver of operator success, combined with scale and distribution, and we certainly have the latter via our partnership with MBT. I note the heightened gross win margin that PointsBet is delivered in New Jersey compared to all other states. This is partly due to variance, but is also being driven by the more advanced life cycle of the New Jersey market, as customers adopt more diverse products such as parlays and player props away from the traditional lower pre-game margin spreads, totals, and money line bets. This is an encouraging forward-looking trend that plays to PointsBet's innovation strengths, controlled by our proprietary tech, and internal trading models. Our quick parlay builder, parlay booster, same-game parlay, and now in-game same-game parlay, are just the beginning of ongoing gut product feature enhancements. Now turning to slide nine. Due to marketing expenses, we're $29.7 million US dollars, and I'm pleased to report that the overall US working media cost per FDB was again under $500. We continue to invest in marketing and growing the brand across the US. Cash Actives grew to $211,000, up 210% compared to the PCP. It should be noted that this metric also reflects our retention efforts, not just acquisition volumes. Further, a sizable portion of this quarter's marketing investment was into audiences outside of what was eight live states. This investment targeted upcoming states like Virginia, New York, and Pennsylvania, and more broadly, acts to build brand awareness and a database nationally to assist future state launches. We noted in the FY22 Q1 call that there was an opportunity to better utilize our tactical promotion. A number of optimizations were made during Q2, refining our approach with a focus on rewarding our high-value, engaged client cohort and gaining an improved share of wallet from them. We reinvested a smaller proportion of gross gaming revenue on our promotions in Q2 compared to Q1. While slightly lower than the peak seen in September and October, competition remained significant in the quarter, specifically as it related to promotional activity. Thus, it was important to retain and incentivize our valued clients with all four major pro sports together being active, along with college basketball and college football. However, it should be noted that we expect to gradually bring down the rate of promotional investment further in time as we continue to focus and lead with our superior product. Turning to slide 11. We are excited by the opportunity before us this calendar year, as we target to be operational at least 17 states in the U.S. and also Ontario, Canada, at calendar year end. Our mid-December launch of online sports betting operations in Virginia, with our partner Colonial Downs, marked the eighth operational state for points bet, and one of our most successful state launches to date when looking at FTBs driven from NBC properties. Virginia represents a large market opportunity with a population of 8.5 million, a comparable size to New Jersey, and with a rich sports history. Capping over 22,000 leads at launch, largely driven by our partnership with NBC and leveraging local legend and 11-time NBA All-Star, Alan Iverson, a points bet brand ambassador, our Virginia launch exceeded our execution goals. In the first week of launch, Virginia FTBs acquired by NBC channels were almost five times higher than FTBs acquired in the first week post-launch in the state of Michigan. This launch demonstrated that we continue to improve our strategic go-to-market plans that are leveraging our NBC partnership and execution capabilities. Viewers have been familiar with the points bet brand through our exclusive odds integrations and expert analysis during key NBC television broadcasts, including Sunday Night Football, where points bet brand ambassadors and NBC NFL talent Drew Brees and Chris Sims host the points bet pulse segment, with an audience of nearly 20 million people each week. Notably, NBC's Washington regional sports network affiliate is prominent throughout the region, including Maryland, an upcoming launch date for 2022, and serves as the exclusive regional broadcast home of the NBA's South Washington Wizards and the NHL's South Washington Capitals. They're utilising NBC's regional sports networks and owned and operated broadcast stations unlocks a daily presence with local market teams and top sporting events, creating a familiarity with the points that brand prior to launch. In December, we were named the official and exclusive sports betting partner of the University of Maryland Athletics. This multi-year agreement marks the first ever sports betting partnership within the storied Big Ten Conference and follows our deal with the University of Colorado, which has provided a template to work within the university space. The University of Maryland Athletics hosts more than 3 million fans worldwide, with nearly 200,000 located in the DMV region, which stands for Washington, D.C., Maryland, and Virginia. Also, as announced on the 25th of January, 2022, points bet launched operations in New York, by representing another major milestone for our company, our brand, and our technology. As Sam mentioned earlier, New York is expected to be one of the largest markets in the United States, and we are very proud to be one of only nine licensed operators in the Big Apple. We will again look to leverage our NBC partnership through Sportsnet NY, a part of the NBC Sports Group. SMY is the regional broadcast home of the Major League Baseball's New York Mets, in addition to carrying supplemental coverage of the New York Jets. They offer points bet with year-round multi-platform media and marketing opportunities across its unmatched portfolio of events. Points bet will have additional leverage opportunities as one of only six operators that have a New York access and official NFL partnership status. As we plan for Pennsylvania to launch next month, our focus will be on the significant Philadelphia and Pittsburgh markets. Since going live in New Jersey in 2019, we have been utilising NBC Sports Philadelphia to reach the south side of our Jersey audience. This includes linear inventory and integration across the Flyers, the 76ers, and the Phillies, which taps into their hometown affection for their teams with digital both on the national sites, geotargeted ads in New Jersey, and utilising NBCSports.com's RSN-specific website. As made public by the New York State Gaming Commission on the 13th of August 2021, points bet as an approved platform provider will also provide Resorts World, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Genting Group, with a B2B mobile sports wagering service in the state of New York. This strategic B2B agreement should be viewed as an accretive and valuable partnership for the company, but not indicative of a large B2B strategy of points bet. Aside from the unique economic opportunity presented by Resorts World Better New York, points bet remains solely focused on our B2C sportsbook and our gaming operations. Turning to slide 12. Industry analysts keep increasing the estimated size of the U.S. online sports betting gross gaming revenue TAM opportunity. As we launch new states in about 2022, a coverage of the U.S. population, and with that, our TAM opportunity continues to grow considerably. We've seen some estimates point to an online sports betting TAM at maturity of U.S. about $42 billion, and on top of that, the U.S. $18 billion for our gaming. We would note that horse racing is not commonly included in these U.S. TAM estimates. However, from our experiences in Australia, we do think there is future upside in this category to be realised in the U.S. hence why we bought BetPTC, a U.S. advanced deposit horse wagering business last year. With the recent launch in New York, the nine-state points bet is currently live and represents a total target population of 62 million people, with an approximate sportsbook TAM of $10.5 billion U.S. dollars at maturity. Adding in near-term launches of Pennsylvania, Ontario, Louisiana, Tennessee, Maryland, and Ohio represents a further target population of 46 million, an additional $6.8 billion sportsbook TAM opportunity. Turning to slide 13. The NBC and Points Bet partnership entered its second year at the start of September 2021, and the partnership continues to drive results and break new ground in the category. It should be noted that at the end of the quarter, only 16.5% of the total NBC lead base was a direct first-time better opportunity for Points Bet. However, that number will jump to an approximate 26% come February 2022, once both New York and Pennsylvania are launched and grow even higher over the calendar year. I'm pleased with how the partnership is developing and excited for the innovation we have planned in H2. The coming period will include a more robust sort of digital plan, incorporating NBC's new, by regional connected TV, and over-the-top solutions spot on. There are also additional opportunities for inclusion on their quickly growing streaming platform, Peacock. This combination of national and regional networks, along with the local TV assets, gives us the ability to create bespoke strategies to reach any audience. I'd like to now introduce our group chief operating officer, Mark Hughes, formerly the CEO of Bannix Technology. Mark began his career working for Paddy Power, now part of the slide-a-group, I should say, as a pivotal member of the quantitative analytics team. As previously noted, in-play betting is estimated to make up at least 75% in the US of all sports wagering activity go within the next three years, and Points Bet acquired Bannix Technology to take advantage of this in-play opportunity. Mark will highlight the progress we've made in this area again over the quarter integrating the Bannix trading platform. Over to you, Mark. Thank you, Johnny. Now, turning to slide 14, in-play is our North Star. We believe in the value that sports betting brings in enhancing the viewing experience of a sporting event. And we are building a product to appeal to the user that enjoys that experience. We are on the journey to building an always-on experience that drives customer engagement and repeat usage, meaning more player days, more engagement for player day, and ultimately a higher delivery of utility to the customer. Our data shows that in-play delivers the product experience to keep the user engaged and on-app during a session. Our in-play customers demonstrate a higher average bet size, they bet more frequently, they have more bets per play day, and ultimately a higher average revenue per user. Turning to slide 15. The launch of our enhanced in-house in-play model for NFL in October 2021 represented a big milestone for the company. PointsBet acquired Bannix Technology in early 2021 with the intent to accelerate ambitions to deliver a world-class in-play betting experience to our customers in the U.S. Bannix Technology was founded with the vision to build a modern sports betting technology platform to support the delivery of a more enriched and quality betting experience for the in-play customer in the U.S. Since launching the new in-play NFL model, we have already seen key results when compared to the period immediately prior to release. Firstly, the improved betting experience. The new algorithm has reduced the amount of time our in-play product is suspended for betting by more than 40%. This results in a significant increase in the volume of opportunities our customers have to place a bet. This coupled with improved bet placement journeys have led to a reduction of approximately 50% in bets rejected. Secondly, product expansion. We have increased fourfold the number of betting markets our players can bet on. This includes the addition of player prop betting markets and the market-first in-play same-game parlay. We also need our customers to show an appetite to engage with this new content. And the early statistics have showed huge promise with our proportion of turnover outside the three core betting markets increasing by 42%. Our users want to play this product and we'll continue to deliver for them. This also offers a proportional increase in cash-out opportunities for our customers. And thirdly, results. Our stated North Star is in-play and our hypothesis is that a product improvement will drive our users to better in-play. Since the launch of our NFL model, in-play as a proportion of overall NFL halal has grown by 44%. We're continuing to push the boundaries of the customer experience and with the integration of the official NFL data from BetGenius, we have seen further improvements in both in-play betting availability and bet delays. January has seen the introduction of our in-house in-play MBA product and we'll plan a fast follow for our in-house in-play NCAA B model and an overall improvement in our in-play tennis offering with the introduction of IDF Tennis. We're forecasting similar improvements on other in-house products and continued momentum towards our vision to deliver a world-class in-play betting experience to our customers. Evidencing our progress during NBC's playoff game on Saturday, 15th of January between the Raiders and the Bengals wildcard, we are proud to have become the first U.S. sports betting provider to offer clients live, in-game betting opportunities with zero suspensions across the core markets of spread and money line. All of the aforementioned initiatives demonstrate our ability to continue to innovate and lead the market with unique and value-adding products. Turning to slide 16, I would now like to touch upon iGaming. The iGaming product continues to show strong quarter-on-quarter improvement with NetWin up 145%. We were particularly excited to have launched our live dealer cable solution in Michigan in November and New Jersey in December, including Blackjack, Roulette, and Baccarat. Online casino products have seen a rapid growth in the U.S. and the experienced iGaming team at PointBet is responsive to our users and eager to bring our customers the experience and games they are looking for. The introduction of live dealer gaming is a welcome addition to PointSplest's growing wagering product suite. Our live gaming options in Michigan offer top-tier choices for our players and will serve as a template as iGaming expands in other jurisdictions in the U.S. and Canada. We launched iGaming in West Virginia on January 27th and anticipate further launches in Pennsylvania and Ontario in the coming month. Importantly, we look forward to the continued product improvements we have in development as we move to the next phase of our iGaming offering, including a significantly enhanced games library, automated promotional functionality, personalized offerings, and other innovations. We will continue to see online casino in customer activity and revenue generation over the coming months. I'd now like to hand it over to our group CFO, Andrew Miller. Thanks, Mark. Turning to slide 17 for the quarterly four-city cash flow summary. As of the 31st of December 21, the company's corporate cash balance was $523.3 million. Net cash used in operating activities during the quarter ending 31 December, excluding the movement in player cash accounts was $56 million. I'll now walk through each of the main line items. Receipts from customers for the quarter totaled $90.4 million. This includes NetWin from Sportsbook and iGaming Verticals of $77.3 million as previously presented by Sam and Johnny. And a balance of $13.1 million includes cash receipts from our European B2B operations, cash receipts from our US racing ADW business, and a partial New York license fee reimbursement received from Resorts World Bet, a subsidiary of the Genting Group, as part of our B2B platform provider agreement to power the Resorts World Bet's online sportsbook operation in New York State. As earlier presented by Johnny, this strategic B2B agreement should be viewed as an accretive and valuable partnership for the company, but not indicative of a larger B2B strategy of points bet. Cash outflows during the quarter included cost of sales of $44.8 million, which grew on the previous quarter in line with increased trading activity in both the US and Australia. Non-capitalised staff costs of $18.9 million, with global FTEs growing to $539 at the end of Q2 as we continue to build to scale, and in addition, we have support staff which are engaged via third-party service companies. Marketing cash outflow for the quarter was $65.6 million. This increased quarter-on-quarter with slightly increased marketing expenses, as well as being due to the movement in prepayments and accruals from the prior quarter. As previously disclosed, the Australian marketing expense was $22.6 million Australian dollars for the quarter, and the US marketing expense was $29.7 million US dollars for the quarter. As noted by SAM, the Australian marketing expense will reduce significantly in H2 versus H1, and we expect the US marketing expense in Q3 to be higher than Q2 as we launch new US states, including the recent launch in New York and soon to be followed by Pennsylvania, our 10th US state of operation. Cash outflows of administration corporate costs and GST paid on Australian net win was $17 million for the quarter. Turning to investing activities. Net cash used in investing activities during the quarter ending of 31 December was $43.6 million Australian dollars. The main driver of this outflow was the well-documented market access payment to the New York State Gaming Commission of $25 million required to receive our New York State mobile wagering license. Further over the quarter, the company capitalized $7 million of technology and product staff wages as part of continued development of our sports wagering and iGaming platform. There was minimal cash flows from financing activities for the period and the company has no corporate borrowings. At the end of December, we had $523 million in corporate cash. We take a disciplined approach to setting up the company for long-term success, investing in our unique and market-leading proprietary technology and product platform, continuing to grow the team to scale across the globe and investing in our marketing strategy. I'll now hand back to Sam. Thanks, Andy. Turning to slide 18 and in closing, some brief words on Canada. We eagerly await the announcement of an official launch date for Ontario, which is imminent. We would not be more pleased with what has been achieved by our team led by Canadian CEO Scott Vanderwell. We are dedicated to delivering a brand and an experience that is genuinely Canadian. The deals that we have executed with dailyfairsoft.com and the Nation Network, Curling Canada, the National Hockey League Alumni Association and the Trailer Park Boys are all true to this strategy. We are extremely confident in the efficiency of the cut-through these partnerships will deliver to grow brand recognition and acquire clients. In launching PointsBet Canada into Ontario, the Canadian team will leverage not only the proprietary technology and market-leading product that the company has built, but also the global scale we now possess with a one-team approach supported by staff in numerous continents. Thanks for your time and we'll now take questions. Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press star 2. If you're on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset to ask your question. Your first question comes from Rohan Sundram from MST Financial. Please go ahead. Hi, team. I might start with a question for Sam. Just how are you thinking about the long-term share aspirations of the business in light of the ongoing increases in estimated North America TAM? So would you be happy with, say, a 5% share of a $70 billion market as opposed to, say, 10% of a $30 billion market? Is that how you're thinking about it? G'day, Rohan. No, I think, look, our aspiration remains to look toward that 10% market share. I think the reality is what we thought in terms of a marketing budget that would allow us to achieve that is now effectively probably a marketing budget that's more akin to achieving, say, a 3% or 4% market share because, as you've sort of drawn the link to, the size of the market has grown dramatically and the size, the estimated size of the future market. So our competitors are being far more aggressive in line with that and they're being far more aggressive from a promotional perspective. So, you know, I suppose our relative budget, if you think about us spending, you know, 27 last quarter and a little bit more this quarter, the market was probably spending close to a billion dollars those two quarters on marketing. So we're probably spending about 3% of what the market's spending for marketing. So it's a bit unrealistic for us to expect at this stage in the current environment to be heading, you know, rapidly north towards that 10%. But as, you know, I suppose as we assume the market transitions, you know, it was interesting hearing Adam, the CEO of MGM, BetMGM yesterday or the day before talk about maybe there's another 12 months of, you know, this heightened aggressiveness in the market, maybe one more start of NFL season but then their expectation is that perhaps things ease off a little bit and we probably agree with that and in line with that, you know, obviously we're continuing to make rapid progress on our product strategy. So we think those two things combined improving our brand, we're investing in our brand, we're investing in building databases while it may take longer to get to that 10% given the growing TAM and the amount that's being spent that, you know, we still plan to get there as the market transitions to being more product focused. Okay. Thanks. And on the New Jersey share, I know it's not the main game but I take into account the reduction there in turnover but given the high net win, how would your share look on a net win basis especially given the first quarter was almost 8% net win? Yeah, well I mean, New Jersey's a very good example. So, you know, from a market share perspective we came under a bit of pressure again but from a net win perspective net win quarter on quarter was up to 14%. You know, so that's a good example. We want to keep growing net win. Now if that's a smaller portion of the market than we thought would be that's in some ways a positive because again it talks to the fact that the market is bigger than most expected and is growing more rapidly. Johnny made a comment during his part about the fact that, you know, New Jersey now it's becoming a bit of a trend that its gross margin yields are yielding higher than our other states and, you know, we look at the reason behind that and as he said some of it's some variance but some of it is definitely some differences in player behaviour in terms of that slightly more mature market now because it's been open a bit longer players gravitating to the higher margin products the same game parlays the player props etc. And we think again that's a positive trend for us because it shows that they're moving into the, let's call it the sweet spot for points bet because this is where we aim to lead in terms of having the most engaging product set. Thanks, Anne. Thank you. Your next question comes from Joe Stout from SIG. Please go ahead. Good morning everyone. Sam, you talked about New Jersey, you know, Indiana and Michigan were, you know, the states, the bigger states that you have exposure to in the third quarter where you lost share but I guess the expectation rightfully, wrongfully is it would take a while to build those back given the advertising and the promotional environment but you're able to rebuild in Michigan and I was wondering can you describe or talk about, you know, maybe some of the methods that you use to recapture some of that lost share in the fourth quarter, I'm sorry, in the fiscal second quarter versus the first quarter? That's the first question and then I wanted to ask about customer acquisition costs. Johnny, you had mentioned you guys are still running about $500 or so and with your newer launch states in Virginia and Pennsylvania in a month or, you know, in February and New York and your ability to rely on your RSNs, your NBC RSNs, would it be fair to assume that customer acquisition costs could come down in those particular markets? Hi, Joe. So in terms of Michigan, look again, I think the pleasing thing for Michigan, yes, our sports betting market share did go up but again, even more importantly, I think we had $700,000 of net win last quarter and this quarter was something like $3.2 million. So again, really good growth in Michigan from a net win perspective. You know, I think obviously when you've got the casino products improving, you know, when we think about states that have a mix of sports betting and iGaming, you really do have to look at them in totality because it goes without saying that if a client goes and loses some money playing blackjack, well then that's perhaps less money that they have to turn over on sports betting. So the two are genuinely related and thus when you're looking at New Jersey, Michigan and soon to be West Virginia and Pennsylvania and states with mix, you have to look at the combined result. There's a difference if you just have sports betting to having sports betting and iGaming. Johnny, is there anything you'd want to say about Michigan in particular? I'll just add, Sam, that again, we view every state as a state as its own country and each state sort of differs in terms of the dynamics and how, again, consumers consume sports, the population by distribution. You know, a market like Michigan is very unique and in that particular, you know, we're seeing, I guess, the early results of our, a very smart investment with Olympia Entertainment. So they own the arena where the Pistons and the Red Wings play. We made a smart investment into building a sports bar next to the main entrance of the stadium and when you've got at least 82 home games of NBA, NHL and people are walking past the points bet brand going in and out of the arena and going in there and having a drink, it's played a role in making sure the points bet's part of the local sporting fabric there and part of the consideration when people in Michigan and Detroit are thinking about where to place their next bet or sign up. Thanks, John. Yeah, in terms of the CAC, Joe, I mean, we spent, and Johnny made a comment about this, we spent $29.7 million on marketing and the last quarter was similar in terms of because we were waiting to launch in Virginia and we knew that we had upcoming launches and we were waiting but, you know, quietly confident of a positive outcome in New York and again confident of a positive outcome with licensing in Pennsylvania, it's been a strange couple of quarters because a fair chunk of our marketing budget has gone into the Washington RNCN, the Philly RSN and SNY in New York so as those states go live, Virginia, now New York and soon Pennsylvania, you know, that spend goes from being sort of out of state to being in live states and so that proportion of, let's call it somewhat of spend that was going outside and maybe less efficient, yes, it was building the brand and warming those states up, that then comes in state so I don't necessarily, I wouldn't necessarily say that CACs are going to come down because we're now going, you know, live into those states but we certainly do believe that those, it's the model that we've used obviously in Chicago that, you know, we're never going to outspend these big guys at the moment but, you know, the audience watches live sport, you know, we've got Philly 76ers, all the teams that Johnny spoke about, the Mets in New York, et cetera, getting in front of those eyeballs through those RSNs we think is a very efficient mechanism to grow our brand and acquire clients. Thank you, guys. Thank you. Your next question comes from Desmond Stow from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hi, team. I've just got a couple of questions around slide 14 and 15. I think you guys provided some interesting detail on those two slides. You know, obviously, I think Mark noted a couple of industry-first achievements by the business in the US and obviously now with Bannock and the rise of InPlay. I was wondering if you can just talk a bit more about the opportunity that InPlay presents and then more specifically whether you have a sense of market share within InPlay. You know, would it be fair to say that your share of the InPlay market is actually far greater than the blended 4.2% share that you talked to today? Good question. Yeah, I think in terms of the opportunity, I really want this to be clear in terms of stepping through the dynamics of the US market. You know, we've been at a disadvantage because we didn't come from an iGaming background. Most of the companies that we're competing against, New Jersey legalised iGaming back in something like 2013. So, most of our competitors have been operating iGaming in America in one state at least and maturing all of their products and practices for some time. You know, pre-PASPA being repealed. Add to that, as I said, the fact that we took the time to build our own platform because we want it, we want to own it, we want to keep the margin for the long term. You know, we have been at a competitive disadvantage from a product set perspective but also from a revenue perspective of not having had that product. But as we think about, you know, forward-looking states, you know, I think it needs to be clear that all the states that are going live now and launching are all sports betting only. So iGaming expertise is not going to necessarily get you anywhere if you don't have sports betting expertise. And our, obviously, our blueprint is to win our market share on the back of our sports betting expertise and then when iGaming does get legalised, you know, two years later or three years later for a particular state, we've already got hundreds of thousands of clients and we can cross-sell 40% of them or whatever that number is to iGaming versus, you know, someone who was focused on iGaming, well, they won't have any market share. If they don't have a tributary sports betting product, they're not going to win that market share in those sports betting states. But within, you know, that earning of market share from sports betting, I don't think there's any operators out there that aren't talking about a 75% in-play market. So everyone's agreeing that 75% of sports bets will be placed in-play and, you know, we're on a path to, we believe, leading within that sector. Now, we want to lead within the entire product sector. So we want to have the best product full stop and that includes improving our iGaming product. But, you know, leading the way and now starting to deliver on some of our product vision, part of the challenge when you build something from scratch, you know, we've built this tech stack from scratch even in Australia and, you know, at the start with not a lot of resources is it takes time to deliver things. And we're now getting to the point where, you know, we're delivering, you know, we're starting to innovate as, you know, 100% uptime, in-play, same-game, parlay, et cetera. So when it comes to, you know, the in-play vision and how important it's going to be for winning market share and ultimately succeeding in the US, I don't think anyone's in doubt with that. And I hope, you know, the market is starting to see how points bet is already leading in this category but he's going to put the foot down and continue to, you know, to really put a gap on there. In terms of market share, in-play market share, I'll throw to Johnny but I would just say perhaps, you know, I think it's still a customer journey and that's what we were talking about from the New Jersey perspective that, you know, the market is still very focused on the promos, et cetera. It'll gradually gravitate to being more product focused and then there's the second part to that is though as clients get a little bit more sophisticated as we're seeing in New Jersey and they branch away from the core bet types into, you know, more creative bet types and higher margin bet types. But Johnny, do you have a feel for whether you believe we're already over-indexing from an in-play perspective? Yes, Sam, I think the true sort of read-through will be sort of Q3 and onwards, this quarter and onwards and the reason being there is that, again, in Q2, we saw NFL and NBA move on to our internal trading feeds powered by the Bannock technology and so now sort of for each quarter ahead we'll get a true read of of the power that drives. You know, one of the things I think is misunderstood by the market is that it isn't just about competing for in-play on the number of markets you have, it isn't just about building player props and micro markets, really the core tenet of offering an in-play experience that drives repeat usage and allows you to lean in on your product over sort of, again, sort of covering maybe with gaps in your product with heavier sort of promotions. Centres around being up are the longest. Again, you know, sort of aiming towards that zero sort of betting suspensions and giving consumers that complete experience to place a bet, to cash out their bet without, again, you know, the moment when the markets are suspended. And then the second tenet is around the speed to accept the bet. Again, you know, we sort of know that our competition in general applies seven to ten second bet delay when any in-play bet is placed. and then after that seven and ten seconds passes and the bet is then pinged again to the trading software that's being used externally by a lot of our competitors, 50% of the time the bet's being rejected due to a price change or again due to the market being suspended. Again, you know, we're again actively working and sort of backing in the models that have been delivered by BANIC, sort of backing in again the pricing efficiency that we have, that we have the confidence to continue to put as many clients as we can on zero bet delay and so not only matching, again, as I said, that sort of, you know, sort of uptime goal to again continue to increase that but also accepting bets, you know, in sort of lightning speed and if we're up the longest and quickest to accept, we think that combined with our product features and then the again distribution of the message of points bet being the king of in-play particularly across the NBC platform again is going to be a huge ongoing driver of client activity for the business. Great. Thanks, Sam. Thanks, Johnny. Appreciate it. That's all for me. Thank you. Your next question comes from Larry Gandler from Credit Twist. Please go ahead. I think a few questions from me. Sam, just in New Jersey, I, you know, hearing how you guys evolved, you know, the management of that offering there, can you talk to whether that involved a churn of customers or is it did you migrate existing customers into new patterns? How'd that play out and is this a sort of first date? How come you didn't sort of take this approach in Illinois yet? Is it just a different circumstance there? G'day, Larry. I think across the business, you know, we made a comment and I think Johnny referenced it again that last quarter we probably didn't focus enough on our existing clients or our higher quality clients and with our promotions and focused on, you know, the acquisition period. And I think we do want to focus on quality clients without wanting to, everyone's got their own strategies, but acquiring clients is not hard. We can run promotions and give away money and just acquire clients, but that doesn't necessarily mean that all of those clients are going to be of value. So we're trying to find the balance and I think that's the message coming out that yes, we will keep growing, but we want to keep growing responsibly. So if, you know, adding another 10,000 actives or 20,000 actives, if those actives are no good, and that's the same in terms of churn, there's no point trying to hold on to some clients if they're just genuinely not genuine, then we make no apologies for doing that. So no, I wouldn't sort of say that we're actively targeting segments or disconnecting from certain segments apart from unprofitable segments, clients that are just not going to be worth anything. And in terms of Illinois, no, it's very similar. It's very similar, the strategy is the same. It's about a focus on value, continuing to grow. It's just the dynamics work out that in New Jersey, we grew revenue by that 24% quarter on quarter, lost a bit of market share. In Illinois, we were able to continue growth without losing that market share, but the strategy is consistent. Okay, excellent there. And with New Jersey, just continuing on that, I think it did about 15 million net win in the half, let's say we annualize that a bit more. New Jersey's been funding marketing for new states, but if we kind of withdraw that new state support, are we getting it close to break even in New Jersey alone to sort of isolate just New Jersey marketing? Yeah, I think we are, Larry. I mean, I think when we do 10.8 for the quarter, I would rather times that by four because the iGaming product has come in and that wasn't necessarily present in previous quarters. You know, there's a lot happening in New Jersey. There's a lot of market dynamics still there, so I'll call out a few. You know, obviously going live in New York and being one of the exclusive group that will be live in New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania will be helpful going live in Pennsylvania. We spoke to that Philly audience. the continued growth of the iGaming product is going to be vitally important. But, you know, I think by the middle of next year, you know, we think New Jersey is turning profitable. So, you know, post the PASPA cessation of sports, you know, sport came back in the middle of post-COVID in the middle of 2020, sort of had to restart the business and so, you know, we think by the end of next financial year we're turning profitable. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from Don Carducci from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Morning, everyone. So, just a couple quick ones from me. So, if I think about the net new active customers, where did they come from? Was it the new markets or was it maybe those markets that you'd been in for 12 months or more? Hey, Don. Yeah, I mean, look, obviously we acquire clients in all new markets, the difference being that in a market like New Jersey, where you have been alive for some time, you also churn clients out the back end. So, the increase in active clients is a net effect. It's what you've added. Obviously, the increase we've acquired more first-time bettors than that increase in actives, but we've also churned some clients in the back end. So, that's the net effect. Yeah, no, got it, understand that. So, I guess, if I rephrase the question, I mean, you have churn, is the majority of this churn coming from new states or is it coming from the existing states that you've been in for 12 months or more, like New Jersey, Iowa, Indiana? Yeah, no, by the definition, because we're giving a 12-month rolling number, it has to be states that we've been live in for more than 12 months because if we've been live in a state for six months, for example, all of those clients would be in the 12-month active number. Gotcha. And then can you give us a little bit of clarity on the cash burn guidance maybe for next quarter? Include, you know, license payments, et cetera. Obviously, Pennsylvania, that's a steep one, New Jersey, but just kind of a little bit of guidance on what we should expect for that. Yeah, sure, Don, Sandy. You know, I think in just talk to cash burn generally, you know, we're continuing to build, obviously, for the long term and investing in the US and the product. And that is requiring a reasonable level of upfront investment. As you mentioned, the market access requirements, licensing requirements and the marketing investment, which I think is pretty well understood as we roll out into new states. As it relates to the market access payment, obviously, this was a large payment that we made in New York, which was $25 million in Q2. The payment required for Pennsylvania is $11 million, which will be paid in Q3. So the business development payments for Q3 will be lower than Q2. Gotcha. Thanks, Tim. Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.