 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Coca-Cola ISIC 3rd Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference
 go and webcast. I will now hand over to your host, Ms. Shishek Oswinesz.
 the industry relations and tertiary director.
 Please ma'am, go ahead.
 Good morning and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Coca-Cola HHJ's third
 quarter 2021 financial reserve conference call and webcast.
 I'm here with Kurat Prasadar, our Chief Executive Officer, and Andrea Bramanko, our Chief Financial
 officer.
 Following Mr. Bashariz and Mr. Abramanco's presentation,
 We will turn the call over for your questions.
 Before we begin, please kindly be advised
 of our cautionary statement.
 This conference call may contain forward-looking management
 comments, including projections.
 This should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary language contained in our
 earnings release.
 A copy of our earnings release and financials are available on our website at www.ccr.com.cr.
 Now, let me turn the call over to Mr. Basel Örkör.
 Well, thanks, Chichet.
 Good morning and good afternoon, everyone.
 Thank you for joining us today to discuss
 our third quarter results.
 We're reporting the 6th quarter since the pandemic began.
 Although it has been a challenging and volatile experience, thanks to the commitment of our
 people, the power of our brands, and the loyalty of our consumers.
 CSR continues to deliver solid results.
 In the third quarter, we kept building on the momentum.
 we had seen since the beginning of this year.
 Before moving to the third-quarter operational performance,
 I would like to thank our people for working relentlessly
 as one team to create value for all of our stakeholders.
 I also would like to reiterate how happy we are
 to have successfully closed the Kokula butler's Uzbekistan acquisition at the end of the
 quarter. Uzbekistan has now become part of our family. Integration will progress at full
 I will give more information on this operation later in the call.
 Looking at our quarter performance, the console that it says volume grew 11% on the strong
 summer season volume performance, both in Turkey and internationally.
 We have reached the highest ever quality performance on the consolidated basis.
 With the reopening of on-premise channels and our focus on GrovenICJ in the home channel
 as well, the number of transactions outperformed saves volume growth.
 Although not yet back to 2019 levels as a percentage of total sales, we saw sequential
 improvement in IC share.
 That's it.
 We'll see you in the next video.
 And when you grow, our pace stays the volume driven by the price increases, better discount
 management and other revenue growth management initiatives.
 EBT-A grew strong in absolute terms, although as expected, the EBT-A margin declined by
 by a 415 basis points versus prior year, 24%.
 remain in significantly above historical averages.
 as guided before, the margin contraction is due to exceptionally high base of the last year.
 Net profit was 916 million Turkish lira in the third quarter and 2 BGNTL in the 9 months
 on the back of strong business momentum, higher profit and effects gains due to hard currency
 long position.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 Discussed in the previous slide, our performance was in line with our quality growth algorithm
 except for the VTA margin contraction.
 As you will remember, to deal with COVID-19 uncertainties last year, we cut down significantly
 They are DME spent to on absolute minimum and substantially reduce the number of ASCII
 to give more flexibility to our supply chain.
 Now the business is back on to normalize top-line growth, although learnings from the pandemic
 remain and we continue operating in with a frugal mindset the margin of third
 quarter of 2020 are not a realistic comparison.
 CCS current 24% margin is the second highest third quarter margin ever achieved right after
 third quarter of 2020. On the next slide this sparkling category grew by
 by 10% mainly driven by the performance of the brand Coca-Cola, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar,
 growing 10% and 15% respectively.
 Fanta also posted 14% strong growth.
 5.9% decline.
 field category is just a 27% growth in the third quarter on the back of solid performance
 of ice tea and juices.
 The energy drinks delivered strong 23% driven by monster energy, which doubled its volume
 The water category grew by 16% with the continuous prioritization of ICFACs.
 We continue to support our consumers with our rich and diverse product portfolio on
 all at home occasions, including work, education,
 leisure, entertainment, family gatherings, breakfast refreshments, and etc.
 makes further improve during the quarter share of the on-premise channel increased by more
 than 3 percentage points compared to the same quarter of previous year and reached to 20%.
 The shift was more visible in Turkey.
 As a result of both on-premise recovery and at-home channel performance, I see packages
 significantly recovered in the third quarter, reaching a 29% share of total volume.
 The share of IC packages reached to 32% in Turkey.
 On the next slide, let me talk about Turkey business a little bit.
 40 says volume grew by 15% in the third quarter compared to a year ago.
 led by segmented marketing campaigns, effective promotion management, successful innovations
 in summer season and increased availability in the e-commerce platforms.
 pandemic restrictions, increased mobility and favorable weather conditions contributed to
 strong top-line growth as well.
 The record high-tailed volume was exceeded in July and the high momentum was maintained
 for the rest of the quarters.
 We are also delighted with Coca-Cola Zero Sugar
 performance that we've launched in the previous quarters with an improved taste and new look.
 Sparkling beverages grew by 13% led by a 14% growth of the brand Coca-Cola.
 Coconuts zero sugar drove the share of the sugar free category to six percent
 The STILS category registered 21% growth led by double-digit growth in both ICT and JUSES.
 The energy drinks continue to high single-digit growth with the sales volume of monster energy
 almost doubling.
 We maintain our more profitable small packs, focus in the water category and registered
 18% growth in the third quarter.
 Higher Spartan sales improved IC mix and effective pricing enabled 17% growth in the net sales revenue per unit case
 However, the depreciation of Turkish lira and higher commodity prices put pressure on
 margins in Turkey, while cycling an exceptional high base of the previous year, profit margins
 contracted in Turkey.
 Move on to the next slide on our international business. We have cycling a high base of the third quarter of 2020 of
 of 9%.
 Central Asian operations and Pakistan were the main drivers of our growth.
 Spartan beverages grew by 8% with 7% growth of Coca-Cola and 15% growth of Fanta brands.
 Still, category grew by 35% mainly driven by the strong performance of ice tea and juices.
 The water category continues its gradual recovery
 with 14% growth in the third quarter of 2021.
 All large operations, they just said net sales revenue per unit case growth on a currency neutral basis and as our group by
 22% as a result of our GM initiatives, including package region-based pricing adjustments, effective
 Discount Management and Improve Categorum X.
 Currency-neutral EBITDA grew by 20%, delivering 28% EBITDA margin.
 On to the next slide, please.
 Pakistan is always a fascinating market.
 As challenging as it is, the market possesses so much potential.
 So, the operation became much more resilient with our effort to improve execution in Pakistan
 by fixing the fundamentals and creating a better route to market.
 Despite price increases in the third quarter and a robust base of third quarter 2020 sales
 grew by 8%, thanks to improved route to market and better market execution.
 The sales volume of brand Coca-Cola increased by 10%
 Top line grew by 23% on the back of solid warning performance
 and price adjustments.
 We are committed to staying on track in Pakistan to deliver sustainable value creation.
 On the next slide, Kazakhstan and Iraq are our other key international markets with
 with around 20% share in our total volume.
 sales volume grew
 21% in Kazakhstan compared to a year ago.
 East COVID-19 restrictions,
 effective consumer promotions with the right execution.
 favorable weather conditions were the main drivers of the volume growth in the third
 With the continued IC focus, transactions grew above volume by 28%.
 Cycling as solid base, Iraq sales volume was down by 5%.
 It is worth noting that in Iraq the main decline is coming from the water category in my entire plans
 Sparkling decline is limited to 3%, cycling 11% growth a year ago, while observing a 15%
 price increase in response to 23% currency devaluation at the end of 2020.
 So let me touch base our Uzbekistan edition.
 On September 29th, you've completed, as you know,
 Uzbekistan acquisition after obtaining all regulatory approvals and integration has
 I started at full speed.
 while integrating the operation to the CCR family
 Our immediate focus is on ensuring the business continuity.
 Aligning all key activities to CCI standards and minimize an organizational change in
 anxiety by adopting an open communication strategy.
 Although we are still at the very early stage of integration,
 We wanted to share some preliminary figures
 for the first nine months of the year
 to give you an idea of the scale of the business acquired
 and opportunity in front of us.
 With 78 million unit cases, sales volume in the first nine months, Uzbekistan would have
 a 7% incremental growth effect to our nine-month results had it been a part of CCI in the period.
 Uzbekistan's revenue per unit case is exclusive to CCS-controlled units per unit case, as
 guided before. On the other hand, the BTA margin is dilutive, with the potential to start improving
 as our integration work progresses.
 We work very diligently in all functions of expertise,
 from HR to digital, from commercial to legal,
 to unlock a great value potential of Uzbekistan business
 as soon as possible.
 Our team is combining the expertise of CCI
 with the deep knowledge required to win locally
 in an environment that remains dynamic and opportunistic.
 When we announce our full year result in February, we will leave.
 we can give more precise guidance on the impact
 of this business to our consolidated results.
 I will now leave the floor to Andrew to go over the financial results and please thank
 Thank you Buraz.
 With the excellent first half, we continued delivering strong financial results in the
 third quarter. Despite Turkish legal depreciation, all inflationary challenges and high base
 of the short quarter of 2020.
 Our net sales revenue grew by 37% in the quarter,
 by the sales volume momentum, especially in Turkey and Central Asia.
 improved package and channel mix, timely price adjustments, and other revenue growth management initiatives.
 There was a 233 basis points contraction in gross profit margin due to the surge in commodity
 prices and depreciation of Turkish lira.
 Contraction remains limited thanks to our hedging initiatives, proactive procurement
 management and price adjustment we made during the quarter.
 When we look at the country detail, contraction comes mainly from Turkey, while there has
 165 basis points improvement in the gross margin of international operations.
 Higher Turkish leader devaluation against more stable international currencies is one
 of the main reasons.
 As we guided previously, our direct marketing expenses increased in line with the normalization
 and higher mobility.
 Robics to sales ratio realized that around 16% are by 104 basis points against a year
 There you go.
 EBITDA grew by 17 percent, and we delivered 24.1 percent EBITDA margin.
 The 2015 basis point decline in the EBITDA margin is mainly due to exceptionally high
 base of the last year.
 As I mentioned, gross profit margin contraction in Turkey also made an impact due to significant
 depreciation of Turkish lira and high commodity prices.
 We delivered a strong 916 million Turkish Lira quarterly net income.
 non-operational performance and prudent financial expense management made the highest contributions
 to the net income growth.
 I also must mention that during the quarter, we recorded a sizeable provision for slow
 moving and lower per unit value spare parts, amounting to 205 million Turkish lira.
 This was partly mitigated by the 140 million Turkish lira income from the land sale, yet
 On a net basis, it had a non-cash negative impact on the consolidated net income.
 Next slide, please.
 The effects neutral net sales revenue per unit case growth was on track in the short quarter.
 It increased by 14% on the back of dynamic pricing, better discount management and other
 revenue growth management initiatives, including prioritization of certain SKUs and IC multi-packs.
 However, due to the significant surge in commodity prices, Cogs per unit case grew by 18%, more
 than upsetting the positive contribution from the strong top line.
 We continue to invest in marketing as our business is back to a new normal.
 as guided before.
 We stepped up our marketing expenses from 2% last year to over 4% this year in the third
 quarter.
 this gradual normalization in optics combined with higher cost pressure led by to a 5% contraction
 in FX-neutral EBITDA pre-unit case in the short quarter.
 Our proactive hedging initiatives and frugal optics mindset
 help us to keep reduction to a limited level.
 However, looking on a nine-month cumulative basis,
 the profitable growth momentum continued, strengthening our confidence to deliver in
 online with our revised guidance for the full year.
 To the next place, please.
 Let me give you more color now on consolidated EBITDA and free cash flow evolution for the
 the first nine months of the year.
 In terms of top-line growth, we performed ahead of our expectations here to date.
 the easing of pandemic-related restrictions
 and reopening of on-premise channels.
 contributed to this robust performance, while the positive momentum at the at-home channel
 will continue.
 line grows with improving channel package mix and timely price adjustments where the
 the main contributors to the dark growth.
 Globally elevated demand and the supply chain bottlenecks led to a significant surge in
 the commodity prices, which pressured margins through cogs, especially in the third quarter.
 On the OPEX side, we continued our tight OPEX management with the learnings from the pandemic
 period, but in line with the normalization and as we guided before, our direct marketing
 and expenses.
 to their pre-pandemic levels.
 We delivered 43% EBITDA growth in nine months of 2021 with less than half a percentage point
 of margin contraction.
 On the other hand, our networking capital over-annualized sales turned negative.
 Although CapEx doubled in nominal terms, it only increased by one percentage point as
 as a percentage of the net sales revenue.
 Bearing in mind that last year we cut copics to an absolute minimum,
 This limited increase in copies is the result of our discipline spending and is a strong
 contributed is 30% free cash flow growth.
 to the next slide please.
 Our net leverage continued to decrease to the lowest level ever of 0.4 times due to strong
 free cash flow generation and our prudent FX risk management.
 We finance the Uzbekistan acquisition with our own cash relying on our strong balance
 even after two hundred and fifty two million dollars payment for the
 Requisition.
 I'll net that to the direct ratio.
 remain at historical low levels.
 thanks to our continued cash generation.
 we do not expect a significant change
 in our leverage for the rest of the year.
 We remain comfortable with the strengths of our balance sheet and liquidity position.
 The use of cash to finance the Uzbekistan acquisition increased our short-currency position compared
 to the first half.
 We have short position of three hundred and fifty million dollars after deducting the
 existing
 in hard currency, cash balances, and financial hedges.
 This is approximately to one time of our international EBITDA,
 which we are comfortable to carry.
 As you know, on top of financial hedges,
 we have a net investment hedge as well.
 since Uzbekistan's acquisition is made by our Daesh subsidiary.
 And in order to finance this, we made a cash capital increase in the Dutch subsidiary.
 We were able to increase the net investment hedge amount by $150 million.
 If we include net investment hedge as well, then CCI maintains net loan currency position
 Hansen-Hüro effects gain when Turkish lira depreciates against dollar.
 considering the recent currency fluctuations.
 keep our financial management discipline to mitigate the negative effects of
 currency depreciation on our balance sheet.
 We may consider further hedging alternatives, depending on the market conditions.
 We are committed to maintaining the balance between sustainable short position and strong
 free cash flow.
 On to the next slide, please.
 from a course point of view
 The world is certainly going through a very challenging time.
 The rapid price increases in global commodity markets,
 are coupled with reports of raw material shortages
 and procurement delays around the world.
 In this environment, our number one priority
 is to ensure continuity of raw material supply.
 Our procurement team has been quite proactive in terms of identifying potential incoming
 issues, engaging with alternative suppliers, preparing back-up plans, and even implementing
 in-house solution for certain items such as CO2.
 Therefore, we do not expect to run into any procurement problems
 in the foreseeable future.
 However, we are not immune to the commodity inflation.
 This is another factor we are managing practically.
 We have been successful with hedges that were put in place in 2021 during the pandemic.
 may help mitigating the impact of current input cost inflation substantially.
 However, these hedges begin to roll off by 2022.
 We kept adding new hedges over the course of 2021, although at higher levels than during
 pandemic. The new hedges still provide some mitigations against current
 spot prices and health with input cost and stability for the next year.
 For 2022, we have already hedged 80% of our elusive needs.
 However, unless we see a good correction in aluminum prices, we do not expect to increase
 hedge coverage substantially beyond current level, and leave some exposure to the sport
 procurement in 2022.
 Aluminum is not a substantial part of our cost base and we are questioning the sustainability
 of current prices.
 We also hedged 42 percent of raising requirements and looking for opportunities to add coverage.
 is a regulated commodity in many of our markets. Therefore, our coverage is limited since hedging
 is not available or practical.
 we continue monitoring the commodity-priced environment.
 Apart from hedging, we are taking proactive price increases, implementing further RGM
 initiatives and accelerating productivity measures to offset some of the commodity cost
 pressure as we look forward to the next year.
 I now hand over to Burak for his closing remarks.
 All right, please.
 Thanks, Andrew.
 Given strong results year-to-date and increased visibility into the rest of the year, we are
 revising our organic guidance on sales volume and revenue terms.
 existing hedges protects us to a great extent and the larger scale also supports our profitability.
 As a result, we are committed to keep our ABTA margin flat on an organic basis, despite
 the Challenging Commodity Console and Marmots.
 As you know, since the beginning of last quarter of 2021,
 We have started control data in Uzbekistan operation
 into our financials.
 The fourth-quarter impact will not be significant,
 Therefore, you will see only a couple of percentage points of incremental growth from this operation
 on the volume and revenue side.
 As discussed before, you will see a slight dilution on the EBTM margin level, nothing
 Look at ahead, an inflationary environment, supply chain, bottlenecks, and currents of
 volatility will be the main headwinds for our operations.
 continue to be agile, careful in dealing with these short-term challenges.
 However...
 we're leveraging the learnings from the COVID period, applying revenue growth management
 initiatives, working our supply chain levers, and expanding digital enablement of execution
 to capitalize on the stance of our brands.
 We have years of experience succeeding
 in the volatile environment.
 However, we will not deviate from our long term roadmap of creating value for our stake
 all the holders that we serve.
 We look at the future with the confidence,
 challenging on our commitments, talented people.
 excellent brand portfolio, digital capabilities,
 strong system alignment and underlying potential of our markets.
 Now ready to take your questions and operator, please.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the Q&A session starts now.
 Now, if you wish to ask a question, please press 0-100-Telephone-Kiss-Bad.
 Thank you for holding until we have our first question.
 Ladies and gentlemen, let me remind you in order to ask a question, please brief 0100 telephone keypad
 The first question comes from Hansade Kielis-Diran from JPMorten.
 Please go ahead.
 And thank you for the presentation.
 I have a question for Andre, actually.
 Andrew, you mentioned about the hedging in major coast islands, so according to our current
 at the hedging level as the hedged crisis.
 How much headband, margin headband are you looking for next year?
 Thank you for the question.
 In terms of the margin, I guess I understand you're looking for the guidance for the next
 here. And I think we will be more comfortable to provide it when we actually finish the
 this year, and we're working on different scenarios.
 Obviously, as before, we are focused on optimizing the business
 mitigating the impact of commodity prices by other measures that we described, there
 are also with devising the plans for the remainder of this year and for next year to
 to make sure that we minimize or mitigate the impact of commodity prices on our margins.
 I understand that you would prefer to share the guidance, but we're not ready to give
 of the dog items for margin for the next year.
 Maybe not the guidance, but I'm trying because you already know your coastways now because
 you are already at 80% on aluminum.
 And I'm sure that Christ our legal race is mostly in line with the inflation and the
 rest...
 It's mostly hatched.
 So I'm trying to understand if you increase the price
 to be aligned with the country's inflation.
 I mean, the margin should be clear, I think, right?
 I mean, or how much price increase do you need to cover these high prices?
 I mean, because I don't know your hedging price on the aluminium or other raw materials.
 So are your hedging...
 Your hedging prices are lower than the current prices or compared to 20, I mean so far on
 in a year to date average, how does it affect it?
 Yeah, why the Hessians to provide guidance?
 because our 20-20 numbers, particularly,
 third quarter numbers
 in terms of the commodity prices, where extremely low, right?
 And this was probably the bottom of the pricing for very, very long time.
 Right now, we sort of ran over hedges that we made during crisis, during COVID last year
 for this year by sort of early Q3.
 And in Q3, we were on a more normalized procurement
 and it edges this year.
 And therefore, if anything, the Q3 is sort of a more sustainable situation than the previous
 year and therefore we're looking at how much price we already took and how much
 price we need to take to cover that impact.
 All right. Thank you very much, Andrew.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, let me remind you, in order to ask a question, please press 0-100-telephone-keypad.
 Thank you.
 We have a question from Samal Demirdis from Attein.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for the presentation and congratulations for a very good result.
 My question is about your guidance.
 I think you, and as far as I understand, you're only going to record it for one part, right?
 It's not going to be just big forts.
 You are going to just include the fourth quarter
 to your consultation.
 Thank you.
 Yes.
 Yes, thank you for the question.
 We – yes, we include only for the fourth quarter impact of CCBU, since it's the smallest
 quarter, you understand that impact overall is fairly small, particularly that CCBU has
 only 7% volume impact on overall CCI.
 So yes, it's a fairly small impact on overall guidance.
 It's a follow-up when I look at your numbers,
 I see that the steel side is performing better recently compared to the sparking side.
 Do you see any, you know, just fundamental thing or change in trends, or is it just,
 you know, cyclical or, you know, the nature of the business.
 Good question.
 Thank you.
 We...
 We – I think we talk about it fairly often on our investor calls and presentations to
 investors, if we look at this cycle, economic cycle, and sort of crisis in the past, sparkling
 Then usually it goes to decline last, it declines less, and then it comes out of the crisis
 This is the earliest.
 So this is in and this is what exactly what happened for it.
 So this was sort of sparkling performed relatively better.
 significantly better than stills.
 Now, when we get to sort of economic improvement, overall climate, consumer confidence increasing,
 Newer categories, they tend to grow relatively faster.
 So that's nothing unusual.
 So we expected that. Obviously, we are very focused on continuing to develop the full
 portfolio without forgetting to continue to grow sparkly and as a core of our business.
 But we don't see any unusual trend in this.
 It's a normal dynamic of sort of cyclical performance in our industry.
 Thank you.
 And one last question about your 256 range.
 We see some decline in third quarter versus second quarter.
 Part of it could be related to changes in corporate tax in Turkey.
 That was why the second collector was high.
 for the following quarters, just the average thing,
 because you think you're, you know,
 combined results, consolidated results.
 No, there should not be any significant deviation going forward in terms of the tax rate.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, let me remind you in order to ask a question, please press 011 on your telephone keypad.
 The next question comes from Charlie Hicks from Redmond.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi there, thanks for the questions.
 The first one is on monster energy, where you doubled volumes.
 Can you maybe give a bit more colour on what's going on there, is that underlying consumer
 demand is that it's a check, you know, changing that execution or a combination of
 both from line extensions perhaps, just maybe a bit more colour on that strong
 performance. And then the second question is on on packet
 where you said you've changed your route to market.
 I'm just wondering if you had a bit more color there, and your thoughts going into Q4, where
 you've got a pretty tough volume compound on Q420.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for the question.
 So first is energy and then Pakistan.
 energy, I think it's all the factors that you mentioned. One, the consumer demand is
 there and very evident. It's a high growth category overall.
 To, we are, we've said it multiple times, we are committed to grow in this category.
 this is one of our strategic categories,
 And we will continue to improve.
 And so that's why we are actively driving the business.
 business, we continue to improve and streamline our relationship with the monster and work
 working with their strong portfolio and winning portfolio from our perspective.
 So, yes, there were some fine extensions and other actions, but nothing unusual is focused
 and very good execution by us and Monster together.
 Now Pakistan in terms of Pakistan and route to market
 We have been talking about route to market in Pakistan for the last two and a half, three
 years and this was a very deliberate change that we started two and a half
 years ago or so, and now it's given the results that we wanted, that we planned, that we expected
 from that change. So what we have been doing in Pakistan over the last two and a half years
 is the simplifying and streamlining how our product gets from our factory to the hands
 of the outlet and finally to the consumer.
 And there was a fairly archaic and multilayered system of how the product was moving with
 from multiple participants and this was a standard for the industry, for FMCG, more
 broadly in Pakistan, we decided to change it to what we are more accustomed to, much more
 efficient and effective system where participants are in that value chain only if they truly
 We clearly contribute to the advancement of our business and our product and anything
 value to the chain, and therefore that's simplification.
 In addition to just normal route to market expansion, sort of horizontal expansion, adding
 more outlets reaching new areas, including cooler placement and in-store execution is
 given the results. But again, this is not something new. This is a very deliberate
 plan for the last two and a half years.
 Cool, thank you.
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ask a question, please press 0-1. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 We have a question from Jurt Kahn from Woodencombe.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon.
 Thank you very much for the presentation, and congratulations on the good set of numbers.
 My question is related to the UZB-XSAN operations, which we have recently acquired.
 Could you please elaborate on the areas in which you see room for improvement, and what
 What are your medium-term targets on the operating lines of the external operation?
 I'm referring to the more to the EBT and margin guidance for the vaccine operation.
 Thank you.
 In terms of Uzbekistan and what are the areas of the region that we are talking about,
 improvement, as Brock said, that we are very excited that CCBU became part of the CCI family.
 It's a well-established operation when it comes to manufacturing and basic policies
 and procedures of the Coca-Cola system.
 Have a good one.
 The biggest opportunity we see in Uzbekistan is sort of commercial area and in market execution
 and commercial capabilities.
 And this is where we believe we bring strands, particularly in emerging and frontier markets.
 And this is a very significant part of our focus, how to create value and accelerate
 value creation in Uzbekistan, particularly that the market continues to demonstrate a
 tremendous growth, naturally with our execution capabilities that we'll be able to step change
 of what CCBU has been doing so far, we believe we can add a lot of value.
 Second, the business was sort of optimized and run on a very limited capacity, and essentially
 they have been selling until now what they can produce from the factory floor.
 There is a tremendous unaddressed demand in the market and therefore adding capacity while
 improving in market execution could provide very significant growth potential for a foreseeable
 future in Uzbekistan.
 In terms of the guidance for the next year on Uzbekistan, again, I'm afraid I will disappoint
 you, as Broadway said, that by probably by end of the year when we have a next call for
 the next quarter, we'll give a clear guidance on how Uzbekistan will be performing.
 At this time, we just would like to share with you the nine months' actual results
 And that's pretty much what we have,
 as we took control of that duration
 since basically the last day of the short quarter.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Hamzadeh Kilikriyan from the Oregon.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Andrea.
 Are you on the phone?
 No.
 question on pricing. And you just start increasing prices in Turkey and how much price increases
 are done in the third quarter, including children and older markets.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, we have been
 We have been taking prices regularly in all our markets, and this year was no exception
 as we have been communicating for the last few years,
 regularly, that we are committed to monetize the value of brands we operate better in
 in every market we are present, and we stick to that strategy.
 In terms of increases in Turkey, in the short quarter, we made approximately 10 percent price
 increases on average in Turkey specifically, right?
 And so we-
 .
 That's just in this quarter.
 And we will continue to look for opportunities
 to sort of continue on our strategy of realizing
 is on a sort of better value and better pricing.
 For example, as you may recall,
 in the first half of the year, we already grew
 increase average price in Turkey by about 17 percent.
 Thank you.
 Is there any other significant price increases in other markets?
 Uh, I mean, that you may slide.
 Yeah, I think we, as I said, we took pretty much price increases pretty much in all markets
 we operate and therefore I think you can see the
 And the results in terms of NSR growing significantly ahead of volume in international operations
 and Turkey. In Pakistan, for example, we took rising in the short quarter in high-single
 digits again and this is on top of the previous prime and pleases that we already realized
 there.
 All right, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions.
 I will now give back the floor to our speakers.
 Thank you.
 Well, thank you everybody is a system with the Coca-Cola company. We are very excited. I'm very happy. How are we going to close the year?
 SCCI and the Coca-Cola system and we're also very happy and optimistic about how the 2020
 will turn out to be an I-V-NOW and as discussed, there will be a lot of headwinds that we
 have to deal with, but we are extremely confident that with our system, with our strong capabilities
 and skills.
 We are going to be able to deliver another strong year for next year as well and I would
 I would like to thank all of our employees and thank you as well for supporting us on
 every front. So I'm wishing you all the best and hope to see you next time. Thank you very much. Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you all for your participation.
 You may now disconnect your lines.