 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
 If you require any further assistance, please press star zero.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Vic Kinney, head of
 investor relations.
 Thank you.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand 2020 first quarter earnings call.
 I'm Vic Kinney, Ingersoll Rand Investor Relations Leader, and with me today are Vicente Rinal,
 Executive Officer, and Emily Weaver, Chief Financial Officer.
 our earnings release, which was issued this morning,
 And a supplemental presentation, which will be referenced during the call, are both of
 available on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.irco.com.
 In addition, a replay of this morning's conference call will be available later today.
 Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that certain of the statements on
 this...
 call are forward-looking in nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed
 in our previous SEC filings, which you should read in conjunction with the information provided
 on this call.
 For more details on these risks, please refer to our annual report on Form 10K,
 file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and our current report on Form 8K filed with
 the Security and Exchange Commission on May 1, 2020, which are available on our website
 at www.irco.com.
 Additional disclosure regarding forward-looking statements is included on slide 2 of the presentation.
 In addition, in today's remarks we will refer to certain non-gap financial measures.
 you can find a reconciliation of these measures
 of the most comparable measure calculated and presented
 in accordance with GAP, in our slide presentation, and in our release, which are both of the
 available on the InvestRelation section of our website.
 I will also remind everyone that in both our earnings
 and today's presentation, we have included both as reported financials and supplemental financial
 information to assist with analysis and comparatives.
 as reported financials only include the Ingersoll-Ren industrial segment results from the closing
 data of the transaction on February 29, 2020 and the supplemental financial information
 provides results as of the transaction had occurred as of January 1, 2018 to provide
 a full quarter of comparable results.
 Turn to slide three.
 On today's call, we will provide an update
 on the top priorities of the company
 in the current operating environment,
 as well as review our first quarter total company
 and segment highlights.
 We will conclude today's call with a Q&A session.
 As a reminder, we would ask that each caller keep to one question and one follow-up to
 to allow for enough time for other participants.
 At this time, I will now turn it over
 to the Senator-in-all, Chief Executive Officer.
 and good morning to everyone on the call.
 I would like to kick off today's presentation by sending our thoughts to all who have been affected by COVID-19.
 and all the dedicated healthcare workers,
 and volunteers who are on the front lines all over the world battling this pandemic.
 I would also like to take a moment to say a sincere thank you to all of the Ingersoll
 of my employees around the world.
 The pictures on slide four are just a few examples
 of our dedicated global workforce
 who have adapted to the realities of the work environment
 to continue to serve our customers.
 Every day I hear of new examples of our businesses providing
 mission-critical products to our customers.
 I am proud of what our company represents
 and how employees have responded to these unprecedented times.
 There continues to be a lot of uncertainty about the future.
 One thing I...
 I am sure about is that Ingersoll-Rand will continue to keep the safety of our communities
 and serving our customers at the center of everything we do.
 And that wouldn't be possible without the dedication and hard work of all of our employees.
 Moving to slide 5, I would like to grant everyone the critical priorities we're following during these challenging times.
 When we close the transaction, a little over two months ago,
 We could have never anticipated that within a matter of weeks we will be dealing with
 a global...
 pandemic, causing disruptions to our customer supply chain and the day-to-day operations of the
 of the company.
 A response speaks to how the IRX toolkit has effectively helped us plan, accelerate, and
 and adapt our actions to act quickly and decisively
 around three core priorities.
 First, ensuring the safety of our employees.
 customers and the community.
 second, around keeping a strong focus on the integration and execution to ensure the financial
 stability of the company through these on certain time.
 And finally, continuing to execute on the strategy of the company, as we have multiple
 catalyst to drive ongoing value creation.
 The strength of English O'Ran team,
 aligned around these three priorities,
 will position the company to emerge from this crisis
 as a stronger and more unified company.
 The next slide is a reminder that our purpose and values,
 as well as our execution engine that we call IRX,
 are really at the heart of how we operate as a company,
 especially in these unprecedented times.
 During the integration process, we spent a lot of time thoughtfully creating the company's
 purpose. One that is centered around our stakeholders, where we know that they can lean on us to
 help make life better.
 This purpose, when combined with the four key values that our teams leave on a daily basis,
 creates a framework of what we want to achieve as a company.
 And the basis of how we do it is the Ingersoll-Ren
 execution excellence process.
 The simplicity and effectiveness of this is allowing us to accelerate the creation of a
 a single culture across Ingersoll Run.
 turning to the light seven
 I would like to briefly update you on the company's response to the COVID-19 crisis.
 since it has been swift and focused around two mega components.
 First is the health and safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities.
 And second, business continuity, not only within operations, but across the larger supply chain.
 Starting first with health and safety, we activated our COVID-19 tax force in February
 and had a full coordinated company approach in early March,
 just weeks after the creation of the new company.
 Our execution approach has served us very well,
 as we're able to quickly implement
 enhanced site safety protocols,
 An mandatory work-from-home policy for those employees who can work remotely.
 And it is their encouraging that our quick actions have been successful, as we currently
 have had fewer than 30 confirmed cases of COVID-19
 amongst our more than 17,000 global employees.
 But it's more than just implementing safety protocols.
 It's also about supporting and engaging the employee base.
 At the result, we have implemented a number of measures, including a global outreach program
 to facilitate employee feedback.
 Our employees reacted quickly and with a true ownership mindset provided more than 200 suggestions
 when we ask for cost savings ideas.
 Not only did our team volunteer to take individual pay cuts, furloughs, and for low-vacation
 time this year. They have thoughtful, in-depth suggestions, many of which were actively
 implementing today.
 From a business-continuity perspective, starting first with our operations, as we previously
 communicated, we have seen plans largely in China, Italy, and India impacted due to COVID-19.
 was largely impacted in the month of January and February and has seen steadily improved
 capacity and output through March and into April as things are now largely back to normal.
 Italy and India saw about a two-month line to China, with operations being impacted in
 late March and into April.
 And in this time, our sites around the globe are 98% operational, with India still being
 the most impact that due to governmental restrictions on returning to work.
 The supply chain has seen a similar trend as the impact on China is largely behind us
 and we currently have no meaningful delivery issues.
 The Americas and the United Regions are stabilizing as impacted suppliers in the U.S. and Italy
 have started to come back online.
 In a past few weeks, we have seen the number of impacted suppliers dropped by more than
 hat, which is a very good sign, and we're supplementing supply from dual sources from
 other regions were possible.
 Much like our operations, India continues to be the most impacted aspect of the supply chain.
 and we expect the situation to improve in the later half
 of Maine, when governmental restrictions begin to ease.
 We are addressing the current environment head-on by actively managing those areas within our control.
 Let me tell you about what we're doing here.
 Starting with slide 8, through the use of IRX, we have been able to build the cost energy
 funnel to over $350 million, with increases across all major savings categories, and we
 we continue to identify areas of incremental opportunity.
 As a reminder, we expect to be able to realize the anticipated transaction cost energies
 of approximately $250 million by the end of year three after closing.
 We expect to incur approximately $450 million of expense in connection
 with both achieving these cost energies and the associated stand-up of the new company.
 as we have stated multiple times over the past few quarters,
 The spacing of synergy delivery was always an area we believe we could accelerate based
 on market conditions, and that is exactly what we have done.
 We have dramatically increased the pace,
 having already executed on $90 million of annualized structural cost reductions with approximately
 a $70 million savings expected to be delivered in 2020.
 The majority of these savings...
 are coming from head count actions, already taken in the past two months.
 as we streamline the company and reduce layers within the organization.
 In addition, we have deployed the first wave of procurement initiative with RFQs for nearly
 one-third of our historical direct materials pan base already launched, as well as some
 quick when initiative is being deployed.
 In total, we're now expecting to deliver approximately 35% of our overall synergy target in 2020,
 which is approximately three times higher than the original year one expectation of 10 to
 15% realisation.
 We're keeping the overall cost energy target at $250 million over a three-year time frame
 at this time to remain prudent on volume-dependent synergies
 like procurement and I have to be given the current environment.
 It is not only the structural cost that we have taken out, but also how we are supplementing
 in our synergy delivery activities
 with thoughtful, short-term cost reductions
 to protect margins.
 Let's move to slide nine to talk about that.
 In Q1, despite the 15% revenue decline
 that we saw collectively across the business
 on a pro forma basis.
 We were able to limit adjusted imita incrementals to less than 30 percent with the strongest
 performance coming from our two largest segments.
 We expect that these additional actions would yield $40 to $50 million of incremental cost savings in the P&L this year,
 with the majority coming in the second quarter and third quarter.
 We will continue to re-evaluate on a monthly basis
 And if the manned environment does not accelerate in the second half of the year, we will put
 potentially extend some of these actions and increase our savings target accordingly.
 But we're making some tough decisions to control cost.
 One area that we are not cutting back is strategic growth initiatives across the enterprise.
 Much like we did back in 2015 at Georgia Denver, when we invested through the downturn to
 capitalized on market share games and new product opportunities were following the same
 today.
 Investments in R&D are being maintained at similar levels as prior years, and we continue
 to fund targeted commercial initiatives, such as the
 and our IOP platforms.
 This is all part of the strategy to play often.
 Now especially as we bring the two companies together through the integration.
 Moving to slide 10, let me talk about liquidity.
 The company continues to have a strong balance sheet
 with ample liquidity.
 At the time of the merger, we took the opportunity
 to reprise our legacy debt by placing the new $1.9 billion
 a term loan to close the transaction.
 All of our debt is a term-known B structure
 with very attractive pricing as the U.S. components
 are LIBOR plus 175, and the Euro component is a EuroBOR plus 200.
 and thermal zones have no financial covenants.
 from a maintenance perspective and there are no maturities until 2027.
 He also remains strong at $1.6 billion as we finish the quarter with $556 million of
 cash on the balance sheet and over a billion dollars of capacity on our existing credit
 facilities.
 And we look ahead.
 to see several opportunities to own the cash as we remain very prudent on preserving the
 and equality.
 Unities exist across working capital and cash taxes.
 will continue to see tailwinds from interest expense in the second half of the year as
 all eight hundred and twenty five million dollars of legacy speaks
 interest rate swaps will expire by September of 2020.
 And though we feel our level of liquidity is proper, we're evaluating incremental debt
 or other liquidity vehicles given the attractive rate
 and covenant environment.
 Turning to slide 11, our commitment to our long-term strategy remains unwavering.
 You have heard me already reference several elements of our strategy, as we're building
 the culture of Ingersoll-Rand with our employees at the core.
 continue to act quickly and prudently to protect margins and preserve liquidity.
 And at the same time, we will position the company for future growth both organically
 and through opportunistic targeted bolt-on M&A.
 Our business operates in the very fragmented markets, and we see opportunities to add niche
 technologies to the portfolio. And importantly, our new strategic priority of operating sustainably
 is taking shape as we launch several of our ESG-oriented initiatives already.
 Overall, we have several value creation levers, as we look ahead, and we will continue to
 to execute despite the uncertain macroeconomic landscape.
 I will now turn it over to Emily
 to work you through the financials.
 Emily?
 Thanks Vicente.
 On slide 12, you will see the as-reported financials for the company.
 As a reminder, the reported financials include three months of legacy, Gardner Denver and
 one month of the legacy Ingersoll ran industrial segment in Q1 2020 and only the legacy Gardner
 Denver Businesses in Q1 of 2019.
 As a result, the comparisons are impacted
 materially by the transaction.
 I won't spend a lot of time on this page as a result.
 other than to mention that the as-reported net income
 the quarter includes $197 million of amortization, acquisition, restructuring, and other adjustments,
 which you can see listed in the reconciliation tables
 in the appendix of the presentation.
 Turning to slide 13.
 To assist in clean comparatives for the quarter, we provided supplemental financial information
 which treats the transaction as if it had happened
 as of January 1, 2018.
 From a total company perspective, FX adjusted revenue
 orders declined 14% and 7% respectively and were impacted by COVID-19.
 Regionally, we saw notable declines in Asia Pacific as well as sharp declines in the U.S.
 Europe towards the end of the quarter.
 most notably in the ITNS segment.
 This led book to bill to finish at 1.11 for the quarter.
 The company delivered 208 million of adjusted EBITDAs, a decline of 24%, driven mostly
 by the volume declines in ITNS and the expected downturn
 in the HPS segment.
 Adjusted EBITDA margins were 16.4% down 200 basis points from last year.
 However, our proactive cost controls within the business limited decrementals to 29%.
 In terms of adjusted EBITDA composition for the company, the legacy Gartner Denver business
 delivered 97 million as compared to our original guidance
 expectation of approximately 100 million, which we view as relatively strong performance
 given the environment.
 The legacy IR businesses delivered 51 million of a justity but on March as opposed to a combined
 60 million for January and February.
 Moving to slide 14.
 Free cash flow for the quarter was $60 million on an as-reported basis, including $8 million
 of CAPEX. The Q1 free cash flow includes $63 million of outflows related to the transaction,
 comprised of...
 38 million of synergy delivery and standup related costs, and another 25 million of transaction fees.
 We also paid $38 million of debt issuance cost in the quarter, which you can see in the financing section of the cash flow statement.
 bringing our total transaction related outflows in the quarter to $100 million.
 From a leverage perspective, we finished at 2.6 times, and while we do expect to see some
 and short-term increase to leverage.
 We have shown the ability to delever historically.
 As you can see on the right side of the page, we'll remain extremely disciplined on cash
 and we expect our capital allocation priorities to be very aligned with what you have seen historically.
 Specifically, internal reinvestments for growth, prudent debt pay-down, and opportunistic
 on M&A. We have no plans for any share repurchases or a dividend at this time.
 I'll now turn it back to Vicente to walk through the segment.
 Does that seem fair?
 Thank you Emily.
 Starting first with industrial technologies and services on slide 15.
 The ITNN segment's first quarter adjusted order intake was $889 million, down 9 percent
 versus prior year, excluding effects.
 I just have revenue in the quarter worth seven hundred ninety six million dollars
 down 17% excluding effects, and leading to a book-to-bill ratio of 1.12 times.
 From a regional perspective, Asia-Pacific revenues were down in the mid-30s.
 With Europe down 15% and America's down 7% all excluding effects.
 We use this trend as an indication of how Q2 could potentially play out, meaning that
 The APAC decline in Q1 is what we expect to see in America's
 and the media in the near term.
 This is the baseline we're using to plan the cost controls for our business, but we're
 We're staying highly active with the man-generation activities and pricing controls, but we continue
 to demonstrate disciplining price, generating over 1%
 in the quarter.
 Well, these markets are more opaque than historically.
 we're using our unique data acquisition strategy,
 to map order trends and remain agile in serving our customers
 in the current environment.
 We break this out into two areas.
 for aftermarket and original equipment.
 Aftermarket and leading indicator we have is actual compressor utilization data.
 As we can see, the hourly usage of thousands of compressors
 worldwide that are connected to our remote monitoring systems.
 America and Europe, we saw a sharp decline in compressor
 utilization in the last few weeks of March of nearly 30 percent with some recovery in
 in the past few weeks of April.
 We're now using this as a way to know where our service teams need to focus.
 While at the same time, using it as a leading indicator for active market activity, which
 which is approximately 50% of the compressor business today.
 For original equipment, we're using the man generation leaps we said in the past that the man gen was a leading indicator of orders
 that we will be getting in the next six to eight weeks, with more than a thousand weeks
 for a week.
 We have a lot of commercial insight in our system.
 what we saw in the later weeks of March
 was a drop of 30% versus what we saw earlier in the quarter.
 with similar trends in America and Europe.
 We have seen also early signs of improvement
 Over the past few weeks of April,
 but still approximately 20% to 25% off from the highs
 in the early part of the year.
 Let me give you now some color from a product line perspective.
 We have seen very similar trends across compressors, blowers, and vacuums, where we saw orders
 down in the mid to high-single digits.
 We have spoken about third-party industry reports in the past and the key one data speaks well for the outcome of the combining of the two companies
 According to a leading third party report, the market in the U.S. was down, mid-single
 digits in dollars in the first quarter.
 Gardner Denver branded products were flat and Ingersoll brand branded product was down
 high single digits.
 But when you look into the details, you see the power of the two companies have garnered
 And then we saw good share gains on low to medium host power machines, while Inquisitor
 run took care on high horse power compressors.
 This was exactly our hypothesis coming into the view.
 And we see these as a way to leverage the technology portfolio, as well as the direct
 an indirect channel that both companies have.
 Our tools and lift, which is part of this segment, had a very tough quarter, with orders
 and revenue down both over 20%.
 The business was highly impacted by large inventory purchases that online retailers typically
 make in the first quarter to support first half of the year revenue.
 However, this quarter, in addition to the slowdown of the market, many online retailers
 switch their focus to household essentials.
 Moving to a long gap at Yostaribita,
 ITNS delivered $135 million in the quarter, which was down 25 percent.
 Non-gap adjusted EPICR margin was 17%, which was down 150 basis points from the prior year.
 other cause mitigation efforts help limit the incremental to 25 percent in a segment
 that typically has basic fundamentals of 35% to 40% before cost actions.
 Moving to slide 16 to the Precision and Science Technology segment.
 Overall, the segment had solid performance in these economic environment as adjusted orders
 were
 we're 218 million up 2% XFX.
 at just a revenue was $192 million, down 9% XFX.
 Some strong prior year comes up 12 percent.
 Egg to fix.
 and shipment delays due to COVID-19.
 This platform is a collection of technologies and premium brands that have leadership positions in very attractive niche markets.
 In the first quarter, we saw orders growth high single digits
 in the legacy medical pump business.
 As we are leading key player in several applications like oxygen concentrators, respirators, and
 liquid handling.
 You can see many of the applications that our medical pumps go into at the bottom of the page.
 Our teams have been working 24-7, providing modified solutions that can be used for new
 applications to fight COVID-19 now and in the future.
 the remainder of the portfolio, so slightly negative orders
 performance.
 Down to percent.
 with the majority due to COVID lockdowns in January and February in China and
 and towards the end of the quarter in India.
 What is encouraging is that we continue to see good funnel and orders activity across many of the product lines and regions
 due to the niche applications in water and chemicals, which will help balance some of
 the expected weaknesses in a more industrial and markets.
 Moving to non-gap adjusted EBITDA,
 PNST deliver 53 million dollars and a quarter,
 which is down six percent.
 Non-gap adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.7 percent, up 120 basis points, driven by strong cost
 controls and productivity leading to decremental margins of only 15%.
 Moving to slide 17 and the specialty vehicle technology segment.
 The priorities for this segment are to continue to capture growth in a profitable manner.
 We see that this segment can expand margins with the use of the same IRX tools we have
 views across all the segments.
 and expectancy improvements of this business moving forward.
 Having said that, this business performed very well in the first quarter.
 adjusted orders were $230 million, and adjusted revenue was $185 million, up 8% and 7% respectively,
 book the bill of 1.15.
 Road was driven by the strength in gold, connectivity, and consumer product lines.
 The business saw strong double-digit order momentum in early January and February, but
 but the pandemic hit the U.S.
 We saw a sharp decline in the second half of March.
 there is a lot to be excited about we're expecting Q2 to be down compared to
 last year for a couple reasons.
 First,
 Last year was a tough comp as the business had some supplier issues in the first quarter
 where some product was shifted to the second quarter of 2019.
 And two, the business is not immune to this current environment.
 while April orders were down year-over-year,
 We're starting to see some sequential improvement
 in orders.
 we feel this is driven by a couple factors.
 First, in the consumer product line,
 We think people that quickly to leveraging the man generation techniques widely used in
 that legacy industrial businesses.
 and we have seen better momentum recently in the run rate.
 And second, with the work we have done on practice,
 public prevention across all of our locations,
 we were able to remain open while some of our competitors were closed.
 to non-gap adjusted EBITDA specialty vehicles
 deliver $18 million in a quarter, down 1%.
 Long gap at Yotar Ibiza was 9.9%, which was down 80 basis points due to strategic growth,
 investments and public mix.
 Pull into slide 18 in the high pressure solution segment.
 And the business performed above our expectations in a tough operating environment with just
 adjusted orders of $84 million and adjusted revenues of $96 million.
 around 26% and 29% respectively.
 As expected, the revenue base in the business was nearly 90% aftermarket, and the team executed
 very well commercially, with sequential adjusted orders up 6% and sequential adjusted revenues
 up 26% versus the fourth quarter of 2019.
 We continue to see shared gain opportunities in the aftermarket, and specifically consumables
 where we saw orders and revenue up double digits
 sequentially.
 This allowed us to deliver a non-gap adjusted EBITDA of $24 million on margins of 24.6 percent,
 which was down from last year level of 30.8%
 but sequentially better by over 400 vector points.
 As we pivot to the second quarter and back to the year,
 A key leading indicator for this business
 has always been activity and intensity.
 We can measure that in multiple ways, but the simplest form is the number of fleets
 operationally in the market.
 As a reminder, each frag fleet has about 16 to 18 trucks.
 With each truck...
 sharing one pump.
 Each pump has a fluid end, and every fluid end utilized is consumable.
 Well Q1 2020 on average we saw 318 active fleets, the exit rate in March was 240.
 We expect to see a substantial drop in the second quarter, where we believe that the
 acting
 fleets due to the recent dynamics in the market with the oversupply and lower pricing for
 in full impact on revenues within this segment.
 And because of that, we're taking very proactive stand to drive proper cost takeout to still
 show reasonable profitability in the quarters to come.
 Moving to slide 19, we wanted to provide a quick snapshot of proof.
 The total company is down to personally 20% in orders.
 at the month began very slow, particularly in US and European markets.
 by the order of momentum throughout April,
 we expect total revenue to be no
 In terms of orders, both industrial technology and services, and specialty vehicle segments
 we're right in line with the total company average.
 But precision and science technology is performing considerably better with positive year over
 year order's performance, thus far, as a result of continuous strength in medical
 And not surprisingly, the high-precious solution segment is down a-
 As the market research for what will likely be a prolonged downturn that we expect will
 last for a number of quarters.
 As we look forward, due to the uncertain environment that we find ourselves in, we will not be
 providing Q2 or total year to best manage our business and ensure we're taking the right
 steps to manage.
 in multiple scenarios to stress test the balance sheet and the associated impact on cash flows.
 A current model shows that the business
 And I'm on a basis to be cash flow break-even using fairly conservative assumptions around
 working capital and capital.
 coupled with the cost of the actions we have taken thus far.
 we feel that this puts us in a very solid position moving forward.
 when compared to current order trends
 and couple with our current liquidity position.
 30 is like 20 for some concluding remarks.
 I want to say that what we...
 manage through what we will know that would be a tough second quarter.
 We feel that the fundamental investment thesis in the company has not changed.
 Ingestal brand is a premier industrial company.
 of our transformation.
 We have multiple levers for accelerating biocreation.
 Well, being very focused on the current part of our liquidity
 with opportunities to increase these by unlocking cash as well as taking advantage of the current
 great environment.
 to drive a culture of execution and we continue to pay attention to the particularly on the
 current condition is to be strategic on bolt-on acquisition.
 With this, we will turn to the Q&A.
 At this time, I would like to remind everyone in order
 to ask a question.
 Number one, on your telephone keypad.
 If you would like to remove yourself from the queue, you may press the pound.
 Yourself to one question and your first question comes from Andy Capulet from City Group.
 Your line is open.
 Good morning guys, how are you?
 What do you think you're gonna do?
 Vicente, can you give us more color
 into the April order declined?
 you're seeing in your largest segment in ITNS.
 First of all, how long do you think the change
 and customer behavior from that power tool business.
 They don't have, you know, smaller upshifts.
 So are there discernible differences in the run rate of these businesses given they're
 more project versus the industrial compressor business.
 Uh, yeah, honey, let me just give you a little bit of color.
 I mean, as you saw, we said roughly, you know, April total orders down 20% book to
 to build greater than one, from a both to build perspective,
 You know, the industrial technology and the precision and science were greater than one
 and obviously leading the way.
 I'll say, in terms of ITS in particular,
 you know, I will categorize it as, you know, the shore cycle was mostly most
 impacted in the quarter and continue to see, you know, some relatively weakness here moving
 forward.
 It's mostly correlated to, I guess, maybe the PMI.
 from the down and the midstream, which is what we consider to be more on the loan cycle,
 I'll say, you know, comparatively, a bit more stable in the first quarter, and we kind of
 I'll continue to see maybe some of that in the month of April.
 Again, typically we tend to get the orders
 for that motorcycle now in the first half of the year,
 in order to get shipments in the second half,
 And from a PTO, from a power tool perspective, yeah, I mean, rough quarter in Q1, as I alluded.
 last year that we're seeing some friendly good growth momentum from their
 expansion into online retailers, and you saw that in the first quarter, many of these
 only retailers, they moved to have, you know, their kind of more household goods or critical
 needs to fight COVID-19 and clearly, you know, this business saw some of the impact.
 I'll say April's sale is relatively slow.
 So we haven't seen the pivot of the momentum of the power tool business.
 So that's helpful to send in.
 I'm sure you especially asked about decremental margin
 in some way.
 So let me just ask you like this, obviously good result in Q1 of close to 30, how do I
 think about decrementals with high-pressure solutions, the order is down 80%. Can you
 hold decrementals there in the mid-40s, at what point the fixed cost becomes a problem.
 I know you talked about accelerated,
 the rest of the business?
 Can the rest of the business hold 30%
 that incrementals with the 20% decline that you're seeing overall in the rest of the business.
 Yeah, so say Andy I mean that's that's kind of what we're targeting for and I mean as you have seen
 I mean, you know, we have performed well in the down cycles in the past, I think we have
 a good
 solid playbook that we executed in the 15-16 that included both, not only in the industrial
 downturn, but also an upstream downturn, you know, basic mentals, they tend to be around
 40 percent across the business with slightly higher in businesses like the high pressure
 as you mentioned, as well as the precision and science, because of the nice, high-growth
 margins that those businesses have and, you know, lower on the specialty vehicles and
 And the industrial technologies they tend to play in that kind of 40 percent range, you
 you've seen that we have taken very decisive actions between synergies and the short-term
 actions to protect the margin.
 We saw, as you mentioned, some very good first quarter results for the total business on
 and Q2 will clearly see a bit more pressure from a top-line perspective,
 But we will continue to manage the decrementals with the target being closer to that 30% of
 And, you know, when you think about the actions, we're clearly taking much more aggressive
 of actions and the high pressure around cost actions based on what we see here with a load
 our data points and the long duration of the downturn that we expect that business to
 Very helpful to send this. Stay well.
 Thank you, Yidwani.
 Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.
 your line is open.
 Hi, good morning
 Good morning, Julian.
 morning, maybe just a first question on that point on
 incremental margins. So if you could help us understand perhaps the phasing of the cost
 synergies through the year and also about 40 to 50 million of other cost-out actions
 And should those mean that decremental margins narrow or not necessarily depending?
 You know mix and some other things he may be break it down into the two buckets
 As you suggested, on the point of 50 that we spoke about that are kind of more related
 to discretionary or kind of volume related,
 Those are largely second quarter and the third quarter with a good majority I would say more
 on the second quarter, from the cost-sinergy perspective,
 million dollars, you know, out of the 80 to 90 million dollars of in-year, you know,
 a rough account and I'll say that is kind of consistent.
 third quarter and fourth quarter, while the other roughly, you know,
 to $20 million that comes from procurement, it is really more weighted towards that kind
 Q3 and Q4.
 And then maybe just my second question for you or for Emily around the free cash flow.
 It's got a good performance in Q1.
 Just wondered, you know, you have assumptions around break even free cash, but assume it
 play out
 What kind of sales are down, call it 20%, 25% for the year, what type of free cash flow
 conversion, should we expect, you know, how do you see the working capital moving? You
 had, I think, in the free cash that $63 million of transaction and separation cash cost in
 Thank you.
 What's the rough assumption for the year?
 Yeah.
 We're very pleased with the Q1 cash performance, as you saw there, Julian, and we've been
 managing cash to put in good processes
 and strong controls around it.
 given the current price.
 We...
 We, we expect cash to still be, to move forward, but certainly a longer cash cycle as we move
 through what
 And we're really managing, you know, payments as the collections we're receiving to maintain
 in our strong cash flow and liquidity positions.
 what the future holds, a lot of that's going to depend on.
 for sure, but we know we'll maintain our cash position and our liquidity.
 And how about the posts here?
 any very rough gut I'd posed for the year in light of that $63 million in QE-1.
 Do you want?
 I don't have the figure at my fingertips at the moment,
 to figure out my fingertips at the moment, Julianne,
 that I can get back to on that.
 Your next question comes from Michael Holler and from Baird.
 Morning everyone. Hope everyone's doing well.
 So, can we just talk about the synergy final new reference?
 What are some of the incremental sources that you originally identified, 250, maybe talk
 about the difference you're seeing.
 some of the revenue synergy opportunities you're seeing.
 As you recall, you know, we always said that we were going for, you know, we were 60 days
 into the transaction.
 have all of their visibility as to what that funnel could potentially be, roughly 100 million
 $20 comes from a combination of structural savings and rationalization, kind of non-manufactured
 We have now a pretty good database of all the locations across the world and that is
 the locations across the world and that is giving us a very good way for us to really
 understand and rationalize not so much the
 coming year two, year three, but more the other kind of perspective.
 So, second part of the question, liquidities in a strong position, you know, some of the
 one-off things, just operation, you know, and some of the extra things I'm only just referenced.
 What would it take for you guys to be a little bit more aggressive with the cash-out flow
 and then second area related to that.
 that we're going into.
 I'm just going to do some sort of recession here.
 He knows how long the opportunity has been
 it's solid to the play cap and more toward the M&A side of things over the next couple
 years and are you positioning for that today and any kind of thoughts and how you're thinking
 Similarly about that the capital side over the next six nine plus months
 Yeah, no, absolutely, Mike. I mean, I think, you know, clearly over the next couple of years
 continue to be a really hard of our strategy.
 You know, we see it's a very unique environment right now.
 We still see at this point in time some very good funnel
 also a very good funnel around industrial technologies.
 but they're really more releditorious bolt-ons.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Nigel Koh from Wolf Research.
 your line is open.
 Good morning. How are you guys?
 Yeah, good thanks.
 protect the woman so a little bit
 performance and it seems like most of that came from the legacy IR businesses.
 Can you maybe just kind of spell out in a bit more detail?
 How much of that can be explained by the jokes of the industrial of the IP?
 Also, what happened to service during the quarter?
 What happened to what?
 What happens if I would say this?
 Yeah.
 I think, I mean, China was definitely impacted largely in January and February.
 The legacy IR business, they have a pretty incisible China
 exposure.
 You know, in terms of the service, you know, we saw service better.
 Typically, we saw roughly about two times, from a percentage perspective, better performance
 than the original equipment and just to kind of give you maybe a little bit more color here
 particularly, you know,
 ways of comparing some of the, you know, the industrial technology is composed of multiple
 technologies, compressors, backings, and blowers.
 And a press of business is clearly within the...
 When we specifically compare to some of the compared stories,
 There's a couple of data points that we look at.
 So the third party report, at the same time, you know,
 You know, just to give you a further perspective,
 legacy gardener Denver business in Q1 orders were down in the low single
 So in the market and you know since we we didn't own the legacy IR for the full quarter
 We just tend to not comment on what we saw specifically, you know,
 January and February that they saw from an order perspective.
 But that, hopefully, gives you a good perspective as to how
 even on the legacy duty.
 Great. Thanks. Thanks for today.
 It doesn't, it doesn't become so small now.
 But if it is down 8% in the quarter, that implies, you know, that, you know, I mean,
 I mean, is it possible to break it?
 Given that you're pretty expecting this business to be kind of like a week or longer, would
 you expect-
 Revenues is kind of like just bounce on the truck here for the next several quarters.
 I mean, any card that would be helpful.
 Yeah, and I also so for sure, you know, that's what we're targeting to be, you know, the great break even even positive
 And I mean, we're taking some pretty aggressive actions, 100%
 after marketing consumables, so that kind of carries a much better margin profile too
 as well and you know those factories that are kind of not not not needed based on volume I mean we're
 or basically keeping them close or very, very low exporter.
 So here's a good playbook on how to navigate
 have done extensive work and, you know, I think we see that we can definitely overcome these
 It's kind of a long term requirement.
 our plan is that it's going to be down for a while.
 And to the second question, you know, I mean, clearly,
 It's a market that, as you saw, we just invested in new fluid and technology so we can be ready
 for capturing.
 Great, thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Jeff Sprott from Vertical Research Partners.
 Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
 Why don't we just come back to service for a moment
 This is an interesting comment about the utilization down 30 percent, but how do we actually interpret
 And it's a-
 to a forward sales are going to be down 30% in the service,
 I don't know if you have enough data historically to kind of piece that together, but what does
 What does that down 30% tell you?
 Yeah, Jeff, great question.
 So in terms of the historical data, we don't have a lot of historical data because as you
 You know, as you can imagine, a lot of these remote monitoring systems and connectivity
 with the IoT platforms that we both companies have now is fairly new, but we have enough
 data to then break it down by the specific sub-end mark.
 the indication here is that if failing those,
 where are those markets that we should continue to play
 or double down from a service perspective.
 So it's helping us to redirect the teams.
 It is also helping us to really better serve our customers and making sure that we're still
 more resilient from that perspective.
 You know, in terms of being down 30%, I mean, I think we just see that as a bit of indication
 as to what could happen here.
 But, as you gave us a great correlation, we don't have a lot of historical data to...
 So what we're doing is just taking that data point to focusing them on those areas,
 as regions and markets that we're still seeing some very good utilization of the compressors.
 And any answers?
 You noted IPS obviously includes more than compressors back.
 Are you suggesting that those other products areas outside of vacuums and blowers were substantial?
 Yeah, so for sure, yes, I mean for sure the the power tool and the lifting business
 was one that it was worse than that.
 I mean the power tools, they have two main product lines, I mean it's that tool business
 but also they have a lift in business that is kind of more related to factory consumption
 or factory rationalization.
 So I think, you know, that was infected more so.
 And then China as a region was definitely heavily impacted.
 And, you know, from the other product lines in terms of the longer cycle, which these
 These are kind of brands like Nash, Carroll, Liquid Green Pumps and Liquid Green Vacuums.
 Those are more longer cycle and those were, I'll say, more stable and resilient.
 Right.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from David Rosso from Evercore ISI.
 You're lying.
 Good morning.
 My question is about in the ITF's inventory in the channel,
 and you think about some of the recent improvement you've seen.
 Can you give us some sense on any sequential improvement, sort of a lead lag?
 And also the mix of your businesses being short cycle versus long cycle.
 Can you just give us some sense of the inventory in those channels?
 the lag you would need to see or that you would experience if say the PMI's got better
 for example.
 Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, when we look at the inventory in those channels, I mean,
 I mean, there's just no idea from a compressor perspective,
 which is obviously the one that has the biggest size of the distribution network, and it is
 also more particularly towards the Garner Denver branded products you know
 No, we don't tend to have a lot of inventory because these are particularly smaller distributors,
 sub-regionalized, more localized, they don't tend to put a lot of cash up front to have
 compressors on the shelf, so to speak.
 I mean, maybe on the smaller compressors, they may.
 but not on the medium to high level compressors,
 And the inventory will come in more on consumables after market
 Really moved fairly well. I mean they turned fairly quickly.
 you've seen, just so I'm clear.
 Is it a stabilization at a low level after the initial shock in ITS?
 Or have you seen some, you know, little improvement in order sequentially, and I'd be curious
 Is that more short cycle or long cycle?
 Yeah, I know.
 great question here. It is out categorized as the stabilization initially and then obviously
 And when you look at it within the month, I mean, at the month of April, you know,
 there's some slight improvement on the second half of our program.
 Again, would that more short cycle improvement?
 Yeah.
 Sure cycle.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Josh Pokolinski, is open.
 Hi, good morning, all.
 Morning Josh.
 So this is the day I guess everyone here on the call kind of had the same list of questions
 So we covered a lot of ground already.
 But I guess, you know, just with some of the commentary around utilization and with the
 comments you made around supply chain and eruption, and how much of the decline did
 you're seeing, and I guess this comment is mostly an ITNF comment, is related to customer
 shutdowns or supply chain interruption in some form, like, you know, the lights come
 back on and a certain amount of demand comes back, because I think to some of these points
 you know, service or utilization that maybe that's not the steady state, you know, state of the world there.
 Yeah, Josh, I'll say more so in China, if you want to think about it, kind of that disruption completely.
 Also in the first quarter maybe some disruption from the perspective of in Europe particularly in Italy
 I mean, we do have some very good manufacturing base in Italy.
 although we stayed operationally, I mean most of our suppliers had to shut down.
 I would say that now, as kind of the comment that I made before, we see kind of days lower
 demand level kind of getting more stabilized, but still not seeing that kind of recovery
 And we're just kind of waiting to see how the recovery will play out.
 Okay, and then switching over to the synergy funnel, I mean, it sounds like the year three
 You know, pipeline of activity, you know, kind of has to stay there as you have to act
 on other things first and for manufacturing centric.
 Fair to say that the incremental step-up in synergies then in the year two is it's smaller
 I guess, you know, is this more of a pull forward from year two, or are you kind of implicitly
 implicitly saying, hey, we think there's more than 250 here.
 We're just, you know, we're working on this as fast as we can and we'll update you as we know more.
 Yeah, I mean, I think that's exactly the case
 We think we want to keep it at 250 just because we think it's prudent.
 And we think it's brilliant because we're, I mean, clearly focused on a lot of the internal
 and execution, you see how we accelerate it and we execute it.
 This is not just talking about the executed,
 But there's a component around procurement and an I2V saving innovative value that is
 And when we did the $250 million cost-energy funnel,
 It was done based on 2019 kind of runway level, so to speak,
 on spend levels.
 So we just want to be prudent from kind of going out there and saying that the 250 will increase.
 You know, once we're ready, we'll definitely,
 And when we see kind of more stability or normalization
 in the markets, maybe we come back with that.
 But at this point in time, we're accelerating
 but we can control.
 And we know that we can control that structural hit count out.
 And that's exactly what we executed.
 We know we can control a lot of the quickings in procurement because commodities are lower
 and we are executing that and we know we can control a lot of discretionary spend
 and that's exactly what we also executed.
 So we're very focused on kind of going through the list of things
 that we can really execute.
 Great, appreciate the call.
 Your next question comes from Nathan Jones from Steeple.
 line is open.
 Good morning everyone.
 What do you think?
 Revenue down 8.6 to XFX margins up 120 basis points. So clearly some very good control
 on what drove the very good decrementals there,
 how do you see the decrementals going forward,
 and maybe any color you can give us on what you think the long-term margin of opportunity
 in that business.
 Okay, Nathan, this is, you know, I'll say some very good cost control, but also some
 a very good momentum that we had also from the medical business.
 If you remember last year when we talked about the medical business,
 We were seeing, hope we're still 200 business points, margin improvement, and the medical
 business finishing last year at roughly, you know, 30-31% EBITDA margin.
 So again, very good momentum from that business and clearly as we saw some something in the
 market, the team continued to execute those targets that they needed to get done.
 You know, I think when you look at this business that, I mean, has some very nice gross margins
 And, you know, the incremental, the phase decrementals are typically, you know, 45 or so.
 I mean, pretty good job that the team did here in order to get the decremental down to the 15%.
 And I'll say, you know, from a long-term perspective, we'll definitely come back with
 with giving some kind of medium to long-term perspective.
 I'll just do a quick comparison, then you can see that medical, we were able to, you
 You know, not only, you know, just a few years ago that medical business wasn't at 25,
 and we finished, you know, last year in the 31% EBITDA margin, and there's just a lot
 of good commonalities between the medical and the legacy, you know, PFS and ARO business
 that are within this segment.
 Okay.
 Maybe just one on receivables.
 When you look through that, do you see any customer credit risk, any collection risk
 there, I guess it's particularly an upstream comment given the way that market's going
 but anywhere else you see, you know, any potential issues
 in receivables, how you're going about managing customer credit, those kinds of things.
 I mean, I'll say no, necessarily, Nathan.
 And I mean, I think it's one that we live by day by day.
 I mean, clearly, on the high pressure solution, which is, as you mentioned, the most exposed.
 I mean, customers are still paying.
 but it takes longer to pay, but they still pay.
 You know, they also realize that, you know, from an upstream perspective that our business
 is critical and essential for when the market comes back up again. So we are being pretty
 in many cases that we need to see the payments or we will stop shipment and then we cease
 to provide any type of output of products either now or later in the future.
 So I think we're really executing a good label here
 on collections with the teams.
 Excellent. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Nicole DeBlaze from Deutsche Bank.
 Your line is open.
 Yeah, thanks. Good morning guys.
 What do you think of it?
 So a lot of this has been answered, we've covered a lot of ground so far, but I just
 I just wanted to ask one, into next year as we think about, you know, approaching a recovery,
 really a lot of moving pieces here.
 You've got, you know, more structural cost savings coming through, presumably.
 You have...
 very cost probably coming back to the business and then just kind of dovetailing all of that
 with typical incremental margins.
 I'm not sure, you know, how best you can do this the same day, but it would be really,
 you know helpful to kind of characterize
 the way you see incrementals coming out
 on the other side of this downturn.
 I think we typically see kind of the base, what I call the base level of incremental
 to be, you know, for the total thickness between 35 to 40 percent.
 Again, you know, when you look at precision and science, maybe higher than that, specialty
 vehicles lower than that with maybe industrial technologies
 about that level.
 You know, definitely we'll see a little bit of a headwind as we see a lot of these structural
 activities that we're doing to come to the provision.
 We also see a lot of, you know, tailwinds.
 I'm sorry, with the tailwinds, a lot of these kind of structural costs come out.
 We see some of the headwinds, but as we kind of get closer to coming out here to our budgets
 and how we kind of work with the teams, we'll definitely find ways
 on how we can continue to get that incremental margin.
 obviously to be at a minimum of that, days or more.
 Your next question comes from John Walsh from Credit Suisse.
 your line is open.
 Your next question is from Marcus Nittenmeyer from UBS.
 your line is open.
 Yeah, hi. Good morning everybody one more on the on the high high good morning on on synergies
 I do appreciate that, obviously, procurement is volume-dependent, but if like you tend to
 to $20 million savings realized in 2020.
 what you currently assume as sort of full run rate savings
 of that with one of the spend, which I think is a third of your overall spend, and how
 should we think about more medium-term for the other two-thirds if you assume that at
 and in a normalised period it gets back to about 2019 levels.
 Let's start here.
 Yeah, I think if you think about it,
 I think the 20 coming in this year as you go into 2021, assuming maybe kind of current
 volume levels, it will be 20 to 40 million, so that's maybe at least what you can see
 coming from Wave 1 on an analyzed level at current volumes.
 And that always is only covering, you know, a portion of the total span with Ways 2
 and wait three coming up here in the second half of the year.
 Is there sort of an estimate you can give us what that would have been at 19 volume levels?
 That's what, you know, 20 to 40.
 I mean, it would definitely be a little bit higher than that.
 I mean, I wouldn't, you know, I think at this point in time you could say, you know,
 40 to 50 could be upwards of 60.
 OK.
 Okay, and then second question on capital allocation.
 You flagged in the slides with what's interesting,
 those bolt-downs in PST.
 It's obviously pretty fragmented market.
 We probably have a share of, call it, 15% in that space.
 How do you think about this?
 think about this, how does that segment look like in a few years?
 I mean, it's, you know, from an off-the-market perspective,
 and also design, win, and replacement business
 It's the 8th time.
 dollars per se or share is relatively small compared to your company average, but how
 How do you think about this?
 It just struck me that it was flagged specifically in the slides.
 Yeah, I mean, I think this is a segment we like a lot by the way that these businesses
 are kind of so kind of niche and very, very solid market positions and it has just a lot
 of great descriptors such as, you know, kind of high-growth margins and very specialized
 bombs that are kind of really solidly mission critical in the processes where they apply.
 You know, we continue to see that there's a lot of potential, not only in organic, but
 also organically, and we're doing a lot of work on that, whether you take technology
 like the ARO and combine that with either a half co-branded product or a Milton Roy
 product and then you can actually create some uniqueness in terms of applications and then
 are some new markets and that's what a lot of the team are doing is, you know, how do
 are being thoughtful and mindful on some of those vertical
 markets and kind of new niche adjacent areas that we want to play in and not only do that
 organically but then see what all the technologies from a bolt-on perspective we can acquire.
 So a lot of really great work strategically going on
 on this segment to really picture these
 on how do we kind of double it?
 Thanks a lot. Good luck.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from John Walsh from Credit Suisse.
 your line is open.
 Hi, uh, good morning.
 Sorry about that, I had some technical difficulties earlier.
 I'm glad to hear everyone's doing well.
 You know, maybe just one question here.
 Here, you alluded on the call to share gains on kind of both the legacy GDI and IR businesses.
 I wanted to know if you could put a little more color around what's driving those.
 Is there something on the product side?
 is that some of the F-market strategies
 you were doing previously around, you know, more niche markets like paper and pulp, maybe
 some competitive pressures from smaller guys.
 Just any kind of color you could provide there would be helpful.
 Sure, John, yeah, so I'm not going to go right there.
 I mean, what I started to call is that it is on specific horsepower, and what we saw
 that we liked is that this is in the U.S. based on the third party report and we liked it
 because it was very, very complimentary.
 If you look at the legacy Garner Denver,
 We saw some share takes in the low to medium horsepower
 while we saw on the Ingersoll ran some share take
 on the high kind of larger horsepower compressors.
 I will categorize that as, you know,
 Ingersoll Rang has done a pretty good job on launching some new technology on the larger
 horsepower well as you know you know from a Garnet Denver perspective we have
 been more focused on the medium to small compressor and I think, you know, this is what I mentioned
 the call that this is a great hypothesis that we had on this great merge and combining
 the two companies because now we have great new complementary products and spectrum of
 technologies that, you know, a lot of these that I mentioned is on the oil lubricated,
 which is a very good solid kind of core product line.
 but as we spoke about during the April call,
 now also the oil-free product line spectrum.
 So again, it's new technology, new products,
 and be able to show that uniqueness of differentiation
 of the teams at luncheon.
 Great. Appreciate taking the question.
 Thank you, John.
 There are no further questions at this time.
 I might turn the call back over to the company.
 Thank you. I just want to close out by saying thanks to everyone for for your interest in Ingersoll Run
 I want to do another shootout and thank you to our employees that are always doing a lot
 work here to stay health, stay safe to safety, and at the same time, you know, provide to
 our customers the mission critical pros that are needed in this kind of current market
 conditions.
 Hopefully everyone stays safe and healthy and we'll look forward to talking to you over
 the next few weeks.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now disconnect.