 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Ingersoll-Rand First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you require any further assistance, please press star 0. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Vic Kinney, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead. Thank you, and welcome to the Ingersoll-Rand 2020 First Quarter Earnings Call. I'm Vic Kinney, Ingersoll-Rand Investor Relations Leader, and with me today are Vicente Renal, Chief Executive Officer, and Emily Weaver, Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release, which was issued this morning, and a supplemental presentation, which will be referenced during the call, are both available on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.irco.com. In addition, a replay of this morning's conference call will be available later today. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that certain of the statements on this call are forward-looking in nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC filings, which you should read in conjunction with the information provided on this call. For more details on these risks, please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1, 2020, which are available on our website at www.irco.com. Additional disclosure regarding forward-looking statements is included on Slide 2 of the presentation. In addition, in today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our slide presentation and in our release, which are both available on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will also remind everyone that in both our earnings release and today's presentation, we have included both as-reported financials and supplemental financial information to assist with analysis and comparatives. The as-reported financials only include the Ingersoll-Rand industrial segment results from the closing date of the transaction on February 29, 2020, and the supplemental financial information provides results as if the transaction had occurred as of January 1, 2018, to provide a full quarter of comparable results. Turning to Slide 3, on today's call, we will provide an update on the top priorities of the company in the current operating environment, as well as review our first quarter total company and segment highlights. We will conclude today's call with a Q&A session. As a reminder, we would ask that each caller keep to one question and one follow-up to allow for enough time for other participants. At this time, I will now turn it over to Vicente Renal, Chief Executive Officer. Thanks, Vic, and good morning to everyone on the call. I would like to kick off today's presentation by sending our thoughts to all who have been affected by COVID-19 and all the dedicated healthcare workers, first responders, and volunteers who are on the front lines all over the world battling this pandemic. I would also like to take a moment to say a sincere thank you to all of the Ingersoll-run employees around the world. The pictures on Slide 4 are just a few examples of our dedicated global workforce who have adapted to the new realities of the work environment to continue to serve our customers. Every day I hear of new examples of our businesses providing mission-critical products to our customers, and I am proud of what our company represents and how our employees have responded to these unprecedented times. While there continues to be a lot of uncertainty about the future, one thing I am sure about is that Ingersoll-run will continue to keep the safety of our communities and serving our customers at the center of everything we do. And that wouldn't be possible without the dedication and hard work of all of our employees. Moving to Slide 5, I would like to grant everyone on the critical priorities we're following during these challenging times. When we closed the transaction a little over two months ago, we could have never anticipated that within a matter of weeks we will be dealing with a global pandemic causing disruptions to our customers, supply chain, and the day-to-day operations of the company. Our response speaks to how the IRX toolkit has effectively helped us plan, accelerate, and adapt our actions to act quickly and decisively around three core priorities. First, ensuring the safety of our employees, customers, and the community. Second, around keeping a strong focus on the integration and execution to ensure the financial stability of the company through this uncertain time. And finally, continuing to execute on the strategy of the company, as we have multiple catalysts to drive ongoing value creation. The strength of Ingersoll-run team aligned around these three priorities will position the company to emerge from this crisis as a stronger and more unified company. The next slide is a reminder that our purpose and values, as well as our execution engine that we call IRX, are really at the heart of how we operate as a company, especially in these unprecedented times. During the integration process, we spent a lot of time thoughtfully creating the company's purpose, one that is centered around our stakeholders, where we know that they can lean on us to help make life better. This purpose, when combined with the four key values that our teams leave on a daily basis, creates a framework of what we want to achieve as a company. And the basis of how we do it is the Ingersoll-run execution excellence process. The simplicity and effectiveness of this is allowing us to accelerate the creation of a single culture across Ingersoll-run. Turning to slide 7, I would like to briefly update you on the company's response to the COVID-19 crisis, since it has been swift and focused around two major components. First is the health and safety and well-being of our employees, customers, and communities. And second, business continuity, not only within operations, but across the larger supply chain. Starting first with health and safety, we activated our COVID-19 task force in February and had a full coordinated company approach in early March, just weeks after the creation of the new company. Our execution approach has served us very well, as we are able to quickly implement enhanced site safety protocols and a mandatory work-from-home policy for those employees who can work remotely. And it is very encouraging that our quick actions have been successful, as we currently have had fewer than 30 confirmed cases of COVID-19 amongst our more than 17,000 global employee base. But it's more than just implementing safety protocols. It's also about supporting and engaging the employee base. As a result, we have implemented a number of measures, including a global outreach program to solicit employee feedback. Our employees reacted quickly and with a true ownership mindset, provided more than 200 suggestions when we asked for cost savings ideas. Not only did our team volunteer to take individual pay cuts, furloughs, and forego vacation time this year, they have thoughtful, in-depth suggestions, many of which we're actively implementing today. From a business continuity perspective, starting first with our operations, as we previously communicated, we have seen plans largely in China, Italy, and India impacted due to COVID-19. China was largely impacted in the months of January and February, and has seen steadily improved capacity and output through March and into April, as things are now largely back to normal. Italy and India saw about a two-month lag to China, with operations being impacted in late March and into April. And in this time, our sites around the globe are 98% operational, with India still being the most impacted due to governmental restrictions on returning to work. The supply chain has seen a similar trend, as the impact in China is largely behind us and we currently have no meaningful delivery issues. The Americas and EMEA regions are stabilizing, as impacted suppliers in the U.S. and Italy have started to come back online. In the past few weeks, we have seen the number of impacted suppliers drop by more than half, which is a very good sign, and we're supplementing supply from dual sources from other regions where possible. Much like our operations, India continues to be the most impacted aspect of the supply chain, and we expect the situation to improve in the later half of May, when governmental restrictions begin to ease. We are addressing the current environment head-on, by actively managing those areas within our control. So let me tell you about what we're doing here. Starting with slide 8, through the use of IRX, we have been able to build the cost synergy funnel to over $350 million, with increases across all major savings categories, and we continue to identify areas of incremental opportunity. As a reminder, we expect to be able to realize the anticipated transaction cost synergies of approximately $250 million by the end of year 3 after closing. We expect to incur approximately $450 million of expense in connection with both achieving these cost synergies and the associated stand-up of the new company. As we have stated multiple times over the past few quarters, the facing of synergy delivery was always an area we believed we could accelerate, based on market conditions, and that is exactly what we have done. We have dramatically increased the pace, having already executed on $90 million of annualized structural cost reductions, with approximately $70 million savings expected to be delivered in 2020. The majority of these savings are coming from headcount actions already taken in the past two months, as we streamline the company and reduce layers within the organization. In addition, we have deployed the first wave of procurement initiatives, with RFQs for nearly one-third of our historical direct material spend base already launched, as well as some quick-win initiatives being deployed. In total, we're now expecting to deliver approximately 35% of our overall synergy target in 2020, which is approximately three times higher than the original year-one expectation of 10% to 15% realization. We're keeping the overall cost synergy target at $250 million over a three-year time frame at this time, to remain prudent on volume-dependent synergies like procurement and I2B, given the current environment. It is not only the structural cost that we have taken out, but also how we are supplementing our synergy delivery activities with thoughtful short-term cost reductions to protect margins. So let's move to slide 9 to talk about that. In Q1, despite the 15% revenue decline that we saw collectively across the business on a pro forma basis, we were able to limit adjusted EBITDA decrementals to less than 30%, with the strongest performance coming from our two largest segments. We expect that these additional actions will yield $40 to $50 million of incremental cost savings in the P&L this year, with the majority coming in the second quarter and third quarter. We will continue to reevaluate on a monthly basis, and if the mad environment does not accelerate in the second half of the year, we will potentially extend some of these actions and increase our savings target accordingly. While we are making some top decisions to control cost, one area that we are not cutting back is strategic growth initiatives across the enterprise. Much like we did back in 2015 at Garden Denver, when we invested through the downturn to capitalize on market share gains and new product opportunities, we are following the same playbook today. Investments in R&D are being maintained at similar levels as prior years, and we continue to fund targeted commercial initiatives such as demand generation and our IOT platforms. This is all part of the strategy to play offense, now especially as we bring the two companies together through the integration. Moving to slide 10, let me talk about liquidity. The company continues to have a strong balance sheet with ample liquidity. At the time of the merger, we took the opportunity to reprise our legacy debt while placing the new $1.9 billion term loan to close the transaction. All of our debt is a term loan B structure with very attractive pricing as the U.S. components are LIBOR plus $175,000 and the EUR component is a EURBOR plus $200,000. The term loans have no financial covenants from a maintenance perspective and there are no maturities until 2027. Dequidity also remains strong at $1.6 billion as we finish the quarter with $556 million of cash on the balance sheet and over $1 billion of capacity on our existing credit facilities. As we look ahead, we continue to see several opportunities to unlock cash as we remain very prudent on preserving liquidity. Opportunities exist across working capital and cash taxes, and we will continue to see tailwinds from interest expense in the second half of the year as all $825 million of legacy fixed interest rate swaps will expire by September of 2020. Even though we feel our level of liquidity is proper, we're evaluating incremental debt or other liquidity vehicles given the attractive rate and covenant environment. Turning to slide 11, our commitment to our long-term strategy remains unwavering. You have heard me already reference several elements of our strategy as we're building the culture of Ingersoll Rand with our employees at the core. We will continue to act quickly and prudently to protect margins and preserve liquidity. And at the same time, we will position the company for future growth both organically and through opportunistic, targeted bolt-on M&A. Our business operates in a very fragmented market, and we see opportunities to add niche technologies to the portfolio. And importantly, our newest strategic priority of operating sustainably is taking shape as we launch several of our ESG-oriented initiatives already. Overall, we have several value creation levers as we look ahead, and we will continue to execute despite the uncertain macroeconomic landscape. I will now turn it over to Emily to walk you through the financials. Emily? Thanks, Vicente. On slide 12, you will see the as-reported financials for the company. As a reminder, the reported financials include three months of legacy Gardner Denver and one month of the legacy Ingersoll Rand industrial segment in Q1 2020 and only the legacy Gardner Denver businesses in Q1 of 2019. As a result, the comparisons are impacted materially by the transaction. I won't spend a lot of time on this page as a result, other than to mention that the as-reported net income in the quarter includes $197 million of amortization, acquisition, restructuring, and other adjustments, which you can see listed in the reconciliation tables in the appendix of the presentation. Turning to slide 13, to assist in clean comparatives for the quarter, we provided supplemental financial information which treats the transaction as if it had happened as of January 1, 2018. From a total company perspective, FX-adjusted revenue and orders declined 14% and 7% respectively and were impacted by COVID-19. Regionally, we saw notable declines in Asia-Pacific as well as sharp declines in the U.S. and Europe towards the end of the quarter, most notably in the IT&S segment. This led book-to-bill to finish at 1.11 for the quarter. The company delivered $208 million of adjusted EBITDA, a decline of 24%, driven mostly by the volume declines in IT&S and the expected downturn in the HPS segment. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 16.4%, down 200 basis points from last year. However, our proactive cost controls within the business limited decrementals to 29%. In terms of adjusted EBITDA composition for the company, the legacy Gardner-Denver business delivered $97 million as compared to our original guidance expectation of approximately $100 million, which we view as relatively strong performance given the environment. The legacy IR businesses delivered $51 million of adjusted EBITDA in March, as opposed to a combined $60 million for January and February. Moving to slide 14, free cash flow for the quarter was $60 million on an as-reported basis, including $8 million of CapEx. The Q1 free cash flow includes $63 million of outflows related to the transaction, comprised of $38 million of synergy delivery and stand-up related costs, and another $25 million of transaction fees. We also paid $38 million of debt issuance costs in the quarter, which you can see in the financing section of the cash flow statement, bringing our total transaction-related outflows in the quarter to $100 million. From a leverage perspective, we finished at 2.6 times, and while we do expect to see some short-term increase to leverage, we have shown the ability to delever historically. As you can see on the right side of the page, we'll remain extremely disciplined on cash, and we expect our capital allocation priorities to be very aligned with what you have seen historically. Specifically, internal reinvestments for growth, prudent debt pay-down, and opportunistic bolt-on M&A. We have no plans for any share repurchases or a dividend at this time. I'll now turn it back to Vicente to walk through the segment. Vicente? Thanks, Emily. Starting first with industrial technologies and services on slide 15, the IT&S segment first quarter adjusted order intake was $889 million, down 9% versus prior year excluding effects. Adjusted revenue in the quarter was $796 million, down 17% excluding effects, and leading to a book-to-build ratio of 1.12 times. From a regional perspective, Asia-Pacific revenues were down in the mid-30s, with Europe down 15% and America's down 7%, all excluding effects. We use this trending as an indication of how Q2 could potentially play out, meaning that the APAC decline in Q1 is what we expect to see in America's NMEA in the near term. This is a baseline we're using to plan the cost controls for our business, but we're staying highly active with demand generation activities and pricing controls, where we continue to demonstrate discipline in price, generating over 1% in the quarter. While these markets are more opaque than historically, we're using our unique data acquisition strategy to map order trends and remain agile in serving our customers in the current environment. We break this out into two areas, aftermarket and original equipment. For aftermarket, a leading indicator we have is actual compressor utilization data, as we can see the hourly usage of thousands of compressors worldwide that are connected to our remote monitoring systems. In America and Europe, we saw a sharp decline in compressor utilization in the last few weeks of March, of nearly 30%, with some recovery in the past few weeks of April. We're now using this as a way to know where our service teams need to focus, while at the same time using it as a leading indicator for aftermarket activity, which is approximately 50% of the compressor business today. For original equipment, we're using demand generation leads. We said in the past that demand gen was a leading indicator of orders that we will be getting in the next six to eight weeks. With more than 1,000 leads per week, we have a lot of commercial insight in our system. What we saw in the later weeks of March was a drop of 30% versus what we saw earlier in the quarter, with similar trends in America and Europe. We have seen also early signs of improvement over the past few weeks of April, but still approximately 20 to 25% off from the highs in the early part of the year. Let me give you now some color from a product line perspective. We have seen very similar trends across compressors, blowers, and vacuums, where we saw orders down in the mid to high single digits. We have spoken about third-party industry reports in the past, and the KeyOne data speaks well for the outcome of the combining of the two companies. According to a leading third-party report, the market in the U.S. was down mid-single digits in dollars in the first quarter. Garner-Denver branded products were flat, and Ingersoll-Rand branded product was down high single digits. But when you look into the details, you see the power of the two companies. As Garner-Denver saw good share gains on low to medium horsepower machines, while Ingersoll-Rand took share on high horsepower compressors. This was exactly our hypothesis coming into the deal, and we see this as a way to leverage the technology portfolio as well as the direct and indirect channels that both companies have. Power Tools and Lyft, which is part of this segment, had a very tough quarter, with orders and revenue down both over 20%. The business was highly impacted by large inventory purchases that online retailers typically make in the first quarter to support first half of the year revenue. However, this quarter, in addition to the slowdown of the market, many online retailers switched their focus to household essentials. Moving to non-GAAP at Jotteribita, IT&S delivered $135 million in the quarter, which was down 25%. Non-GAAP at Jotteribita margin was 17%, which was down 150 basis points from the prior year, as our cost mitigation efforts helped limit decrementals to 25% in a segment that typically has base decrementals of 35% to 40% before cost actions. Moving to slide 16, to the precision and science technology segment. Overall, the segment had solid performance in this economic environment, as adjusted orders were $218 million, up 2% XFX. Adjusted revenue was $192 million, down 9% XFX. On strong prior year comps of 12% XFX growth and shipment delays due to COVID-19. This platform is a collection of technologies and premium brands that have leadership positions in very attractive niche markets. In the first quarter, we saw orders growth high single digits in the legacy medical pump business, as we are a leading key player in several applications like oxygen concentrators, respirators, and liquid handling. You can see many of the applications that our medical pumps go into at the bottom of the page. Our teams have been working 24-7, providing modified solutions that can be used for new applications to fight COVID-19 now and in the future. The remainder of the portfolio saw slightly negative orders performance, down 2% XFX, with the majority due to COVID lockdowns in January and February in China, and towards the end of the quarter in India. What is encouraging is that we continue to see good funnel and orders activity across many of the product lines and regions due to the niche applications in water and chemicals, which will help balance some of the expected weaknesses in the more industrial end markets. Moving to non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, PNST delivered $53 million in the quarter, which is down 6%. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.7%, up 120 basis points, driven by strong cost controls and productivity, leading to decremental margins of only 15%. Moving to slide 17 and the specialty vehicle technology segment, our priorities for this segment are to continue to capture growth in a profitable manner. We see that this segment can expand margins with the use of the same IRX tools we have used across other segments and expect to see improvements of this business moving forward. Having said that, this business performed very well in the first quarter. Adjusted orders were $213 million and adjusted revenue was $185 million, up 8% and 7% respectively, with a book-to-build of 1.15. Growth was driven by the strength in golf, connectivity, and consumer product lines. The business saw strong double-digit order momentum in early January and February, but as the pandemic hit the U.S., we saw a sharp decline in the second half of March. If there is a lot to be excited about, we're expecting Q2 to be down compared to last year for a couple of reasons. First, last year was a tough comp as the business had some supplier issues in the first quarter, where some product was shifted to the second quarter of 2019. And two, the business is not immune to this current environment. While April orders were down year over year, we're starting to see some sequential improvement in orders. We feel this is driven by a couple of factors. First, in the consumer product line, the team pivoted quickly to leveraging demand generation techniques widely used in the legacy industrial businesses, and we have seen better momentum recently in the run rate. And second, with the work we have done on proactive COVID prevention across all of our locations, we were able to remain open while some of our competitors were closed. Moving to non-GAAP-adjusted EBITDA, specialty vehicles deliver $18 million in the quarter, down 1%. Non-GAAP-adjusted EBITDA was 9.9%, which was down 80 basis points due to strategic growth, investments, and product mix. Moving to slide 18 and the high-pressure solution segment, the business performed above our expectations in a tough operating environment, with adjusted orders of $84 million and adjusted revenues of $96 million, down 26% and 29% respectively. I suspect that the revenue base in the business was nearly 90% aftermarket, and the team executed very well commercially, with sequential adjusted orders up 6% and sequential adjusted revenues up 26% versus the fourth quarter of 2019. We continue to see share gain opportunities in aftermarket, and specifically consumables, where we saw orders and revenue up double-digit sequentially. This allowed us to deliver non-GAAP-adjusted EBITDA of $24 million and margins of 24.6%, which was down from last year level of 30.8%, but sequentially better by over 400 basis points. As we pivot to the second quarter and rest of the year, a key leading indicator for this business has always been activity and intensity. We can measure that in multiple ways, but the simplest form is the number of fleets operational in the market. As a reminder, each fracked fleet has about 16 to 18 trucks, with each truck carrying one pump. Each pump has a fluid end, and every fluid end utilizes consumables. For Q1 of 2020, on average, we saw 318 active fleets. The exit rate in March was 240. We expect to see a substantial drop in the second quarter where we believe 50 active fleets due to the recent dynamics in the market with the oversupply and lower pricing for oil. Simple impact on revenues within this segment. And because of that, we're taking very proactive stands to drive the proper cost takeout to still show reasonable profitability in the quarters to come. Moving to slide 19, we wanted to provide a quick snapshot of flow. Overall, the total company is down approximately 20% in orders as the month began very slow, particularly in U.S. and European markets. By the order momentum throughout April, we expect total revenue to be low. In terms of orders, both industrial technology and services and specialty vehicle segments were right in line with the total company average. While precision and science technology is performing considerably better with positive year-over-year orders performance thus far as a result of continuous strength in medical pumps. And not surprisingly, the high pressure solution segment is down as the market resets for what will likely be a prolonged downturn that we expect will last for a number of quarters. As we look forward, due to the uncertain environment that we find ourselves in, we will not be providing Q2 or total year to best manage our business and ensure we're taking the right steps to manage multiple scenarios to stress test the balance sheet and the associated impact on cash flows. Our current model shows that the business will not be on an annual basis to be cash flow break-even using fairly conservative assumptions around working capital and capex, coupled with the cost actions we have taken thus far. We feel that this puts us in a very solid position moving forward when compared to current order trends and coupled with our current liquidity position. Turning to slide 20 for some concluding remarks, I want to say that what we manage through what we will no doubt be a tough second quarter, we feel that the fundamental investment thesis in the company has not changed. Ingersoll Brand is a premier industrial company of our transformation. We have multiple levers for accelerating value creation while being very focused on the current our liquidity with opportunities to increase this by unlocking cash as well as taking advantage of the current rate environment. We will continue to drive a culture of execution and we continue to pay attention particularly on the current conditions to be strategic on bolt-on acquisitions. With this, we will turn to the ONA. At this time, I would like to remind everyone in order to ask a question, number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to remove yourself from the queue, you may press the pound. You'll get yourself to one question and one. Your first question comes from Andy Kapalitz from Citigroup. Your line is open. Good morning, guys. How are you? Good morning, Andy. Good to you. Vicente, can you give us more color into the April order decline you're seeing in your largest segment in IT&S? First of all, how long do you think the change in customer behavior from that power tool business now have smaller options exposure in IT&S? Are there discernible differences in the run rate of these businesses given they're more project versus the industrial compressor business? Yeah, Andy, let me just give you a little bit of color. As you saw, we said roughly April total orders down 20%, book-to-build greater than one. From a book-to-build perspective, the industrial technology and the precision and science were greater than one and obviously leading the way. I'll say, in terms of IT&S in particular, I will categorize it as the short cycle was most impacted in the quarter and continue to see some relatively weakness here moving forward. I mean, it's mostly correlated to, I guess, maybe the PMI. From the down and the midstream, which is what we consider to be more on the loan cycle, I'll say, comparatively, a bit more stable in the first quarter and we kind of continue to see maybe some of that in the month of April. Again, typically, we tend to get the orders for that loan cycle now in the first half of the year in order to get shipments in the second half and from a PTL, from a power tool perspective, yeah, I mean, rough quarter in Q1 as I alluded. I mean, last year, they were seeing some fairly good growth momentum from their expansion into online retailers and you saw that in the first quarter, many of these online retailers, they moved to having other kind of more household goods or critical needs to fight COVID-19 and clearly, you know, this business saw some of the impact. I'll say April sale is relatively slow, so we haven't seen the pivot of the momentum of the power tool business. So, that's helpful, Vicente, and I'm sure you expected us to ask about decremental margin in some way, so let me just ask it like this. Obviously, you know, good result in Q1 of close to 30. You know, how do I think about decrementals with high-pressure solutions, you know, the orders down 80 percent? Can you hold decrementals there in the mid-40s? At what point, you know, does fixed cost become a problem? I know you talked about accelerating the rest of the business. Can the rest of the business hold 30 percent decrementals with the 20 percent decline that you're seeing overall in the rest of the business? Yeah, so I'll say, Andy, I mean, that's kind of what we're targeting for, and I mean, as you have seen, you know, we have performed well in the down cycles in the past. I think we have a good solid playbook that we executed in the 15-16 that included both, not only in the industrial downturn, but also an upstream downturn. You know, base decrementals, they tend to be around 40 percent across the business with slightly higher in businesses like the high pressure, as you mentioned, as well as the precision and science because of the nice, high gross margins that those businesses have. And, you know, lower on the specialty vehicles, and the industrial technologies, they tend to play in that kind of 40 percent range. You know, you've seen that we have taken very decisive actions between synergies and the short-term actions to protect the margin. We saw, as you've mentioned, you know, some very good first quarter results for the total business under 30 percent. And Q2 will clearly see a bit more pressure from a top-line perspective, but we will continue to manage the decrementals with the target being closer to that 30 percent of the EBITDA. And, you know, when you think about the actions, we're clearly taking much more aggressive actions and the high pressure around cost actions based on what we see here with a lot of our data points and the long duration of the downturn that we expect that business to have. Very helpful, Vicente. Stay well. Thank you. You too, Andy. Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open. Hi. Good morning. Good morning, Julian. Morning. Maybe just a first question on that point on decremental margins. So if you could help us understand perhaps the phasing of the cost synergies through the year and also of that 40 to 50 million of other cost-out actions, and should those mean that decremental margins narrow or not necessarily depending on or mix and some other things. Maybe break it down into the two buckets as you suggested. The 40 to 50 that we spoke about that are kind of more related to discretionary or kind of volume related, those are largely second quarter and the third quarter with a good majority, I would say, more so on the second quarter. from the cost synergy perspective, $10 million out of the $80 to $90 million of in-year roughly account, and I would say that is kind of consistent third quarter and fourth quarter, while the other roughly $10 to $20 million that comes from procurement, it is really more weighted towards that kind of Q3 and Q4. And then maybe just my second question for you or for Emily around the free cash flow. She had a good performance in Q1. Just wondered, you know, you had assumptions around break-even free cash, but assume it didn't play out. You know, what kind of, you know, if sales are down, call it 20, 25% for the year, what's like the free cash flow conversion? Should we expect, you know, how do you see working capital moving? You had, I think, in the free cash that $63 million of transaction and separation cash cost in Q1. What's the rough assumption for the year? Yeah, we're very pleased with the Q1 cash performance as you, at the end, as you saw there, Julian, and we've been managing cash, you know, from to put in good processes and strong controls around it given the current crisis. We expect cash to still be, to move forward, but certainly a longer cash cycle as we move through what's going to be and we're really managing, you know, payments as the collections we're receiving to maintain our strong cash flow and liquidity positions. You know, what the future holds, a lot of that's, you know, going to depend on time for sure, but we know we'll maintain our cash position and our liquidity. And how about the costs, you know, any very rough guideposts for the year in light of that $63 million in Q1? will be some incremental I don't have the I don't have the figure at my fingertips at the moment, Julian, but I can get back to you on that. Your next question comes from Michael from Baird. Good morning, everyone. Hope everyone's doing well. So could we just talk about the synergy funnel you referenced? What are some of the incremental sources that you originally identified $250 million? Maybe talk about the difference you're seeing in the longer term some of the revenue synergy opportunities you're seeing. As you recall, you know, we always said that we were going for a few you know, as we with 60 days into the transaction, we have all this visibility as to what that funnel could potentially be. Roughly the $100 million comes from a combination of structural savings, rationalizations, kind of non-manufacturing alluded to on the investor's we have now a pretty good database of all the locations across the world and that is giving us a very good way for us to really understand and rationalize not so much the coming year two, year three, but more the other kind of perspective. So second part of the question, liquidity is in a strong position. You know, some of the one-off things, separation, you know, and some of the extra things Emily just referenced. What would it take for you guys to be a little bit more aggressive with the cash outflow? And then second to earlier, related to that, that we're going into some sort of recession here. Who knows how long this opportunity is going to accelerate for you to deploy capital more toward the M&A side of things over the next couple of years. Are you positioning for that today? And any kind of thoughts on how you're thinking about that capital side over the next six, nine plus months? Yeah, no, absolutely, Mike. I mean, I think, you know, clearly over the next couple of years, continue to be a really part of our strategy. You know, we see it's a very unique environment right now. We still see at this point in time some very good funnel on the industry, also very good funnel around, you know, industrial technologies, but they're really more related towards both times. Thank you. Your next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolf Research. Your line is open. Good morning. How are you guys? Good, Nigel. Good, Neil. Yeah, good, thanks. Tech performance. So, a little bit performer performance, and it seems like most of that came from the legacy IR businesses. Can you maybe just kind of spell out in a bit more detail how much of that can be explained by the jigs of the industrial of the IR? Also, what happened to service during the quarter? Nigel, what happened to what? Yeah, what happened to service? Yeah. Yeah. I think, I mean, China was definitely impacted largely in January and February. The legacy IR business, they have a pretty sizable China exposure. You know, in terms of the service, you know, we saw service better. Typically, we saw roughly about two times from a percentage perspective, better performance than the original equipment. And just to kind of give you maybe a little bit more color here, particularly ways of comparing some of the, you know, industrial technology is composed of multiple technologies, compressors, vacuums, and blowers. And our compressor business is clearly within the, when we specifically compare to some of the first couple of data points that we look at in terms of the third-party report, at the same time, you know, just to give you a further perspective, the legacy Gardner Denver business in Q1, orders were down in the low single in the market. And, you know, since we didn't own the legacy IR for the full quarter, we just tend to not comment on what we saw specifically, you know, January and February that they saw from an order perspective. but that hopefully gives you a good perspective as to have even on the legacy you think. Great, thanks, thanks, this is that day. This business is becoming so small now, so much involvement, but if it is down 80% in the quarter, that implies, you know, that, you know, I mean, is it possible to break it? Given that you're clearly expecting this business to be kind of weaker for longer, would you expect revenue to kind of just bounce along the trough here for the next several quarters? I mean, any cards that would be helpful? Yeah, so for sure, you know, that's what we're targeting to be, you know, the break-even and even positive. I mean, we're taking some pretty aggressive actions, 100% after market and consumable, so that kind of carries a much better margin profile to us well. And, you know, those factories that are kind of not needed based on volume, I mean, we're basically keeping them close or very, very low exposure. So, yeah, a good playbook on how to navigate have done extensive work, and, you know, I think we see that we can definitely overcome these kind of long term, and our plan is that it's going to be down for a while. And to the second question, you know, I mean, clearly it's a market that, as you saw, we just invested in new fluid and technology, so, you know, we can be ready for capturing. Great. Thank you very much. Our next question comes from Jeff Sprog, from Vertical Research Partners. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Jeff. Why don't we just come back to service for a moment. There's an interesting comment about utilization down 30%, but how do we actually interpret and apply that to a forward where sales are going to be down 30% into service, I don't believe. I don't know if you have enough data historically to kind of piece that together, but what does that down 30% tell you? Yeah, Jeff, great question. In terms of the historical data, we don't have a lot of historical because, as you can imagine, a lot of these remote monitoring systems and connectivity with the IoT platforms that we both companies have now is fairly new, but we have enough data to then break it down by the specific sub-end market. The indication here is that it's telling us where are those markets that we should continue to play or double down from a service perspective. So it's helping us to redirect the teams. It is also helping us to really better serve our customers and making sure that we're still more resilient from that perspective. In terms of being down 30%, I mean, I think we just see that as a bit of indication as to what could happen here, but as you give us a great correlation, we don't have a lot of historical data to so what we're doing is just taking that data point focusing them on those areas, regions, and markets that we're still seeing some very good utilization of the compressors. And the answers to you noted IPS obviously includes more than compressors, vacuuming. Are you suggesting that those other products areas outside of vacuuming, fumes and blowers, were substantially? Yeah, so for sure, yes, I mean, for sure the power tool and the lifting business was one that was worse than that. I mean, the power tools is, they have two main product lines. I mean, it's that tool business, but also they have a lifting business that is kind of more related to factory consumption or factory rationalization. So I think that was impacted more so, and then China as a region was definitely heavily impacted. And, you know, from the other product lines in terms of the longer cycle, which these are kind of brands like Nash, Gero, Liquid Green Ponds and Liquid Green Vacuums, those are more longer cycle and those were, I'll say, more stable and resilient. Great, thank you. Your next question comes from David Rosso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Good morning. My question is about in the ITS inventory in the channel, and you think about some of the recent improvement you've seen, can you give us some sense on any sequential improvement, sort of a lead lag, and also the mix of your businesses being short cycle versus long cycle? Can you just give us some sense of the inventory? In those channels, the lag you would need to see, or that you would experience if, say, the PMIs got better, for example? Yeah, Dave, I mean, I think, you know, when we look at the inventory in those channels, I mean, there's just not from a compressor perspective, which is obviously the one that has the biggest sides of the distribution network, and it is also more particularly towards the Gartner-Denver branded products. you know, we don't tend to have a lot of inventory because these are particularly smaller distributors, more sub-regionalized, more localized. They don't tend to put a lot of cash up front to have compressors on the shelf, so to speak. I mean, maybe on the smaller compressors, they may, but not on the medium to high level compressors. And the inventory will come in more on consumables, after the market, really move fairly well. I mean, they turn fairly quickly. You've seen, just home clear, is it a stabilization at a low level after the initial shock in ITS, or have you seen some, you know, little improvement in order sequentially? And I'd be curious, is that more short cycle or long cycle? Yeah, no, yeah, great question. Yeah, it is, I would categorize it as the stabilization, and initially, and then obviously, when you look at it within the month, I mean, at the month of April, you know, there's some slight improvement on the second half of April. But again, was that more short cycle improvement? Short cycle, yeah. Short cycle. Short cycle. All right, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Sure. Your next question comes from Josh Pokalinski from is open. Hi, good morning, all. Good morning, Josh. So, Vicente, I guess, you know, everyone here on the call kind of has the same list of questions, so we covered a lot of ground already. But I guess, you know, just with some of the commentary around utilization and with the comments you made around supply chain interruption, how much of the decline that you're seeing, and, you know, I guess this comment is mostly an IT&S comment, is related to, you know, customer shutdowns or supply chain interruption in some form, like, you know, the lights come back on and a certain amount of demand comes back, because I think to some of these points on, you know, service or utilization that maybe that's not the steady state, you know, state of the world there. Yeah, Josh, I'll say more so in China, if you want to think about it, kind of that disruption completely. Also, in the first quarter, maybe some disruption from the perspective of, in Europe, particularly in Italy. I mean, we do have some very good manufacturing base in Italy, and we, although we stayed operationally, I mean, most of our suppliers had to shut down. I would say that now, as kind of the comment that I made before, we see kind of these lower demand level kind of getting more stabilized, but, you know, still, you know, not seeing that kind of recovery, and we're just kind of waiting to see how the recovery will play out. Okay, and then switching over to the Synergy funnel, I mean, it sounds like the year three, you know, pipeline of activity, you know, kind of has to stay there, as you have to act on other things first, and it's more manufacturing centric. Fair to say that the incremental step up in Synergy then in the year two is smaller, I guess, you know, is this more of a pull forward from year two, or are you kind of implicitly saying, hey, we think there's more than 250 here, we're just, you know, we're working on this as fast as we can, and we'll update you as we know more. Yeah, I mean, I think that's exactly the case. We think we want to keep it at 250 just because we think it's prudent, and we think it's prudent because we're, I mean, clearly focused on a lot of the internal funnel and execution. You see how we accelerate it and we execute it. I mean, this is not just talking about the executed, but there's a component around procurement and I2V savings innovative value that is volume dependent, and when we did the $250 million cross-energy funnel, it was done based on 2019 kind of run rate level, so to speak, or spend levels. So we just want to be prudent from kind of going out there and saying that the $250 will increase. You know, once we're ready, we'll definitely, and when we see kind of more stability or normalization in the markets, maybe we come back with that. But at this point in time, we're accelerating what we can control, and we know that we can control that structural head count out, and that's exactly what we executed. We know we can control a lot of the quick instant procurement because commodities are lower, and we are executing that, and we know we can control a lot of discretionary spend, and that's exactly what we also executed. So we're very focused on kind of going through the list of things that we can really execute. Great. Appreciate the call. Good luck to you. Your next question comes from Nathan Jones from Stiefel. Your line is open. Morning, everyone. Morning, Hank. Today, you know, revenue down 80.6 to XFX, margins up 120 basis points. So clearly some very good control there on what drove the very good decrementals there, how you see the decrementals going forward, and maybe any color you can give us on what you think the long-term margin opportunity is in that business. Yeah, Nathan, this is, you know, I would say some very good cost controls, but also some very good momentum that we had also from the medical business. If you remember last year when we talked about the medical business, we were seeing upwards of 200 basis points margin improvement, and the medical business finishing last year at roughly, you know, 30-31 percent EBITDA margin. So again, very good momentum from that business, and clearly as we saw some supplements in the market, the team continued to execute those targets that they needed to get done. You know, I think when you look at this business that, I mean, has some very nice gross margins, and, you know, the decrementals, the base decrementals are typically, you know, 45 or so. I mean, pretty good job that the team did here in order to get the decrementals down to the 15 percent. And I'll say, you know, from a long-term perspective, we'll definitely come back with giving some kind of medium to long-term perspective. I'll just do a quick comparison, and you can see that medical, we were able to, you know, not only, you know, just a few years ago, that medical business wasn't the 25, 26 percent EBITDA margin, and we finished, you know, last year in the 31 percent EBITDA margin. And there's just a lot of good commonalities between the medical and the legacy, you know, PFS and ARO business that are within this segment. Okay. Maybe just one on receivables. When you look through that, do you see any customer credit risk, any collection risk there? I guess it's particularly an upstream comment, given the way that market's going, but anywhere else you see, you know, any potential issues in receivables, how you're going about managing customer credit, those kinds of things? I mean, I'll say not necessarily, Nathan. I mean, I think it's one that we live by day by day. I mean, clearly on the high-purchase solution, which is, as you've mentioned, the most exposed, I mean, customers are still paying. They take longer to pay, but they still pay. You know, they also realize that, you know, from an upstream perspective that our business is critical and essential for when the market comes back up again. So we have been pretty strict in many cases that we need to see the payments or we will stop shipments and then we cease to provide any type of output of products either now or later in the future. So I think we're really executing a good playbook here on collections with the teams. Excellent. Thank you. Your next question comes from Nicole DeBlaze from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Yeah, thanks. Good morning, guys. Good morning, Nicole. So a lot of this has been answered. We've covered a lot of ground so far, but I just wanted to ask one. Into next year, as we think about, you know, approaching a recovery, there's clearly a lot of moving pieces here. We've got, you know, more structural cost savings coming through, presumably. Usually you have temporary costs probably coming back to the business, and then just kind of dovetailing all of that with typical incremental margins. I'm not sure, you know, how best you can do this this end day, but it would be really, you know, helpful to kind of characterize the way you see incrementals coming out, you know, on the other side of this downturn. Yeah, I know. Nicole, yeah, that's very great. I mean, I think, you know, we typically see kind of the base, what I call the base level of incremental to be, you know, for the total business, between 35 to 40 percent. Again, you know, when you look at precision and science, maybe higher than that, specialty vehicles, lower than that, with maybe industrial technologies about that level. You know, definitely we'll see a little bit of a headwind as we see a lot of these structural activities that we're doing to come to the provision. We also see a lot of, you know, tailwinds. I'm sorry, we see tailwinds as a lot of these kind of structural costs come out. We see some of the headwinds, but, you know, as we kind of get closer to coming out here to our budgets and how we kind of work with the teams, we'll definitely find ways on how we can continue to get that incremental margin, obviously, to be at a minimum of that base or more. Your next question comes from John Walsh from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Your next question is from Marcus Nittenmeyer from UBS. Your line is open. Yeah, hi, good morning, everybody. Just one more on the, hi, hi, good morning, on Synergy. I do appreciate that obviously procurement is volume dependent, but you flag here 10 to 20 million savings realized in 2020. What do you currently assume as sort of full run rate savings out of that wave one of the spend, which I think is a third of your overall spend, and how should we think about more medium term for the other two thirds if you assume that at some point in a normalized world get back to that 2019 level? Let's start here. Yeah, I think if you think about it, 10 to 20, you know, coming in in this year, as you go into 2021, assuming maybe kind of current volume levels, it will be 20 to 40 million. So that's maybe at least that's what you can see here coming from wave one on an analyzed level at current volumes. And that obviously is only covering, you know, a portion of the total spend with wave two and wave three coming up here in the second half of the year. Right. And is there sort of an estimate you can give us what that would have been at 19 volume levels, that sort of, you know, 20 to 40? I mean, it will definitely be a much, a little bit higher than that. I mean, I wouldn't, you know, I think at this point in time, you could say, you know, 40 to 50 could be, upwards of 60. Okay. Okay. And then second question on capital allocation, you flagged in the slides with interesting sort of bolt-ons in PST. It's obviously a pretty fragmented market. You probably have a share of, call it 15%, in that space. How do you think about this? How does that segment look like in a few years? I mean, it's, you know, from an aftermarket perspective, I know it's a design, win, and replacement business, so the aftermarket dollars per se or share, it's relatively small compared to your company average. But how do you think about this? It just struck me that it was flagged specifically in the slides. Yeah. I mean, I think this is a segment we like a lot by the way that these businesses are kind of so kind of niche and very, very solid. market positions, and it has just a lot of great descriptors such as, you know, kind of high gross margins and very specialized pumps that are kind of really solidly mission critical in the processes where they apply. You know, we continue to see that there's a lot of potential, not only in organic, but also organically, and we're doing a lot of work on that, whether you take technologies like the ARO and combine that with the, with the, like a, either a Haskell branded product or a Milton Roy product, and then you can actually create some uniqueness in terms of applications and then enter some new markets. And that's what a lot of the team are doing. It's, you know, how do we are being thoughtful and mindful on some of those vertical markets and kind of new niche adjacent areas that we want to play in, and not only do that organically, but then see what other technologies from a Bolton perspective we can, we can acquire. So, so a lot of, a lot of really great work strategically going on in this segment to really picture this on how do we kind of double it. Thanks a lot. Good luck. Thank you. Your next question comes from John Walsh from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Hi, good morning. Sorry about that. I had some technical difficulties earlier. I'm glad to hear everyone's doing well. You know, maybe just one question here. You alluded on the call to share gains on kind of both the legacy GDI and IR businesses. I wanted to know if you could put a little more color around what's driving those. Is it something on the product side? Is it, you know, some of the end market strategies you were doing previously around, you know, more niche markets like paper and pulp, maybe some competitive pressures from smaller guys? Just any kind of color you could provide there would be helpful. Sure, Johnny. So, and I can't go, I say, I mean, what I said on the call is that it is on specific horsepowers, and what we saw that we liked is that this is in the U.S. based on the third-party report, and we liked because it was very complimentary. So if you look at the legacy Garnet Denver, we saw some share takes in the low to medium horsepower, while we saw on the Ingersoll Run some share take on the high kind of larger horsepower compressors. I will categorize that as, you know, Ingersoll Run has done a pretty good job on launching some new technology on the larger horsepower, while, as you know, you know, from a Garnet Denver perspective, we have been more focused on the medium to small compressor, and I think, you know, this is what I mentioned on the call that this is a great hypothesis that we had on this great merge and combining the two companies, because now we have great new complementary products and spectrum of technologies that, you know, a lot of these that I mentioned is on the oil lubricated, which is very good solid kind of core product line, but as we spoke about during the April call, now also the oil-free product line spectrum, so again, it's new technology, new products, and be able to show that uniqueness of differentiation of the products that the teams are launching. Great. I appreciate taking the question. Thank you, John. There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the company. Thank you. I just want to close out by saying thanks to everyone for your interest in Ingersoll Rand. I want to do another shout-out and thank you to our employees that are always doing a lot of work here to stay health, stay self-safety, and at the same time, you know, provide to our customers the mission-critical products that are needed in this kind of current market condition. So hopefully everyone stays safe and healthy, and we'll look forward to talking to you over the next few weeks. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.