 Thank you, Laura.
 And good afternoon to all those listening in today.
 First quarter revenue increased 18% from a year ago to 984 million based on growth across both of our business segments.
 Gross margin also improves, driven largely by the success of our recently launched Ryzen CPUs.
 I am pleased with our first quarter product execution and improved year-over-year financial
 results, which demonstrates the revenue growth and gross margin
 expansion potential with our strong set of new products.
 looking at our computing and graphics segment.
 We delivered our fourth straight quarter of double-digit percentage year-on-year revenue growth.
 Strong demand for rising CPUs and improved GPU sales resulted in CG revenue increasing 29% from the year ago period.
 CG revenue declined 1% sequentially, which was better than normal seasonality, as significant
 growth in desktop processor sales driven by the first month of rise in CPU sales largely
 offset seasonal declines in GPU and notebook APU sales.
 Solid demand for our family of premium Ryzen 7 processors, including our flagship Ryzen
 71800X offering, which is the industry's highest performance 8-core CPU, drove our highest
 desktop processor revenue in more than two years.
 Rise and CPUs have been consistently ranked among the top-selling processors at global
 retailers and retailers, and press reviews and end-user sentiments have highlighted this
 strong performance and value proposition.
 In early April, we launched our Enthusiast class,
 horizon five processors and received overwhelmingly positive reviews that demonstrate our multi-threaded
 leadership, and unmatched value proposition.
 The rise in CPU partner ecosystem also continues to strengthen.
 We have seated more than 300 software developers
 to support their work optimizing Verizon CPUs
 and have already seen double-digit performance gains
 across a number of top tier gaming titles.
 Last week, the first Ryzen-based OEM gaming desktops were announced, and we continue the
 The rapid rollout of rising powered systems with additional launches planned for major
 OEMs later this quarter.
 In graphics, GPU sales increased by a strong double digit percentage from a year ago based
 and growth across all of our product lines.
 The ramp of Polaris-based notebook design winds
 drove increased mobile GPU sales, while our desktop growth
 was led by improved channel sales.
 In early Q2, we launched four new Radeon RX500 GPUs featuring our Polaris architecture that
 deliver improved performance.
 These new mainstream GPUs provide a compelling solution for the millions of gamers looking
 to upgrade their PCs to support advanced display technologies
 and deliver optimal gaming experiences.
 We also saw higher professional graphics revenue
 from a year ago, driven by expanding channel sales
 and growing data center wins.
 as we continue to increase our GPU compute footprint
 with leading cloud service providers.
 We remain on track to launch the first products from our next generation Radeon Vega family
 later this quarter.
 Vega is a forward-looking architecture
 that combines a revolutionary memory,
 sub-system.
 Next Generation Compute Engine.
 advanced pixel engine, and new geometry pipeline
 to dramatically improve performance and energy efficiency
 for the next generation of GPU workloads.
 Customer excitement is building as we focus on bringing significant competition to the
 high-end GPU space across the PC gaming, professional design, and GPU compute markets.
 Turning to our enterprise-invented and semi-custom segment.
 The revenue increased five percent from a year ago,
 given by the latest game console offerings from Sony and Microsoft, and our third straight
 quarter delivering year-on-year embedded revenue growth.
 We see solid demand for our latest inset-based semi-custom offerings in 2017, including the
 the planned holiday launch of Microsoft's 4k focus project
 Scorpio console, featuring a new AMD SoC.
 On the data center front, in March we demonstrated that our upcoming Naples Server CPU would
 offer more cores, IO, and memory bandwidth when compared to the highest end dual socket
 X86 server CPUs currently available, resulting in better performance across multiple workloads.
 Naples platform development work continued to accelerate in the quarter.
 We are in the final stages of preparation in advance of launch and are very pleased with
 the status of our silicon and customer engagements.
 We have now seeded thousands of Naples processors across an extensive set of OEMs and users
 and partners, and remain on track for our first Naples products to launch this quarter.
 In closing, we started 2017, delivering significant year
 on your revenue growth and margin expansion based
 on solid product execution and strong market and customer
 reception to our new leadership products.
 Our focus in 2017 remains on launching our Naples Server CPU with broad customer, partner,
 and ecosystem support.
 Naples is the first step in our long-term plan to deliver a leadership data center product
 Good luck now.
 complementing the success of our mainstream Polaris-based GPUs with our high-end Vega
 Extending our Zen Core into the mainstream desktop and premium notebook markets with
 the launches of our Ryzen 3 CPUs and Ryzen Mobile APUs in the second half of the year.
 And expanding our participation in the fast growing market for GPU compute with the launch
 of Radeon Instinct Accelerators mid-year.
 2017 is an important year for AMD, and we are well positioned for solid revenue growth
 and margin expansion based on bringing performance, choice, and innovation to an expanding set
 of markets.
 I look forward to discussing more about our long-term strategy at our Financial Analyst
 day.
 Later this
 month. Now I'd like to turn the call over to DeVinder to provide some additional
 color on our first quarter financial performance.
 So, look, we're very pleased with how the rise of the
 rise and launch well went. Yeah, it was a big launch for us. Yeah, we did rise in seven
 first in early March and then rise in five, you know, here in the middle of April.
 All of the feedback that we've gotten so far from both our customers and from end users
 has been very strong.
 I think the value proposition is very strong at both the, you know, the rise in seven,
 eight core devices, as well as, you know, the Ryzen 5, you know, four and six core devices,
 You know relative to how it performed in the quarter actually performed as we expected so you know with the global launch
 We were reaching many distributors and many channel partners, and I think that's gone well.
 We did see some early shortages in terms of motherboards, and that was, you know, our
 of motherboard partners ramping their supply in line
 with our CPU supply.
 But, you know, that was really dissipated after, you know,
 for the first couple of weeks.
 So nothing out of the ordinary there.
 So we feel really good about where it is.
 I think the important thing is, you know, as we, you know, go into the second quarter,
 we not only have the channel sales,
 But we also have the major OEMs that we'll be launching.
 their systems in the second quarter.
 So I think that's the next piece of the rise and launch for us.
 But, you know, overall, I would say it went quite well.
 Yeah, absolutely mad.
 So, you know, if you look at our Grotesque Margin,
 progression, given the mix of our business, you know, clearly, we made actually, you know,
 Very nice progress.
 So if you look at Q1 2017 compared to Q1 2016, we expanded margin by two points.
 and that was really on the strength of Ryzen.
 When you look sequentially, you know, because of the mix of our business, game consoles were
 We're at the lowest point in the first quarter,
 And there will be a ramp of game consoles going
 into the second quarter.
 So the relative mix of the business
 sees more game consoles in the second quarter relative to the first quarter.
 So that's the reason, you know, for the sequential guidance.
 But again, if you look year on year, you know, 2217 to 2216, you know,
 And you see, again, nice margin expansion products.
 So sure, Ross, so as we go into the second quarter,
 We certainly are adding both the rise in five
 in addition to the rise in seven.
 So if we look at, you know, the forward guidance,
 up 17% quarter on quarter.
 That is driven by additional rising as well as
 a semi-custom ramp that I just talked about.
 We are early in the ramp.
 Everything that we see is, you know,
 We're getting a positive reception throughout the ecosystem and now we're going to continue
 with, you know, go-to-market activities, and as I mentioned, the OEM component of that
 We'll kick in in the second quarter.
 So on your first question, relative to the margins and how
 those.
 You know, I think they are, the yields are as expected, so, you know, both the 16 nanometer
 and the 14 nanometer have done really well.
 And so in terms of the new product ramp, the yields are as expected and for our margin
 structure.
 Yeah, and Mark, maybe just to, you know, finish off the comment.
 I think, you know, to your question,
 And I think we feel pretty good about our cost structure.
 You know, we're always going to continue to try to reduce the cost structure over time.
 But in terms of the margin expansion story,
 as we go through the year, it's going to be about the mix of business.
 and as we get into the higher ASP stronger product portfolio
 and that ramps to a larger piece of the business,
 that that will be the margin expansion story.
 Thanks Mark. Yeah, absolutely David. So you know Vega is really a new architecture
 so it is focused on the price points above Polaris.
 And, you know, we expect Vega to be a broad product for us that will go across the gaming
 segment, the professional workstation segment, as well as, you know, GPUs in the data center,
 and we will be launching products across all
 of those segments with the Vega architecture
 in the next couple of months.
 So the Polaris Refresh for us is the RX500 series
 that we launched just a couple of weeks ago.
 And that is what we would use in sort of those mainstream price points in 2017.
 Yeah, so we are on track to launch the rest of the the rise in portfolio and PCs will launch
 you know, rise in three sort of earlier in the second half.
 And then we will launch a rise in mobile, you know,
 towards the holiday cycle.
 Yes, Stacy, maybe let me start and see if the vendor has some comments to add.
 You know, I think certainly the rise in gross margins are substantially better than the
 legacy portfolio.
 So I think that that is true.
 I think when you look at the sequential,
 There was 1% sequential decline, and there was a 7 or 8 million sequential improvements
 It's not friggin' lost.
 There was also some additional R and D, you know,
 in that segment as we're ramping up both product expenses as well as some sales and marketing
 and go to market expenses in the quarter.
 Yeah, so overall it was as weak.
 Yeah, Stacey, maybe I just want to clarify because I want to make sure that we were clear.
 So the masks were in effect, and now they're going to be capitalized as they go into production.
 So I think it really is a full year statement.
 And I think it's a recognition of, you know,
 as we transition from 14 nanometer to seven nanometer,
 7-nanometer masks are substantially more expensive than 14.
 So I don't think you can, you know, exactly put it the way you put it.
 But I think overall, I think what we're trying to do
 is basically, you know, as the mask sets become more sizable
 on the production level to cut.
 Thank you.
 I think you should expect that we will expand margins as we go through the year, you know,
 We do have this mix effect between semi-custom
 and new product revenue.
 but certainly our exit velocity as we exit the year, you know, we should see the, you know,
 But when you compare year on year, sort of Q417 to Q416,
 and you should see the March Expansion.
 Yeah, so the full year guide is low double digit revenue growth, 17 to 16, I think given
 Our product portfolio being very much influenced
 by the PC, the Ryzen and PCs, Vega for GPUs, as well as Naples
 from a server standpoint.
 We expect that the computing and graphics segment will grow more
 than the EESD segment overall on a year-over-year basis,
 just given some of the consumer markets move faster than some of the data center and server
 Thank you very much.
 So we're really pleased with where we are with the Naples program right now.
 You know overall from a performance standpoint of the product and the customer engagement is going
 as we would expect.
 we will launch here in the second quarter.
 So we'll start some, you know, low volume of revenue shipments here in the second quarter
 that will ramp gradually into the second half of the year.
 And so overall, I think that is how the server outlook will be.
 I think I have said before, and I would still
 say that the server market has a longer design win
 to revenue conversion cycle.
 And so we would expect it to take a couple of quarters
 for us to ramp the Naples product over time.
 And you should see a number of customers announcing with AMD
 platforms over the next couple of years.
 Yeah, so we believe we're we're highly differentiated with Naples in the sense that we have more cores, you know
 We have more memory bandwidth.
 we have more IO than our competition.
 So the certain workloads, I think Naples is going to do very, very well, certainly in
 the cloud as well as in certain HPC workloads and big data workloads that can use all of
 that memory in Iowa bandwidth.
 We will be talking more about the positioning of Naples and the key workloads as we go through
 the next couple of months prior to launch.
 But, you know, certainly, you know, we feel that it's, you know, again, like Ryzen on
 the strength of the Zen core, you know, we have a very, very strong foundational product
 And, you know, now it's about, you know, making sure that we help our customers get to market.
 Just quickly, the mix is now becoming quite important
 and trying to understand Gloucestershire,
 I'd be kind of curious, of course,
 of your compute business in the March quarter was based on Ryzen, and I guess if you assume
 that all of the transitions to horizon eventually have that occurred in the March quarter.
 Can you give us an understanding of how much better gross margins would have been and then I have a follow-up?
 All right, John, that might be hard for me to answer very specifically, but let me give
 you the high-level views. So, we started selling Ryzen on March 2nd and a good piece of it was
 You know basically for us positioning into the distributors we take revenue on a sellout model
 And so you should think about, although we shipped a number of risons,
 We didn't necessarily revenue them all in the quarter,
 which is given that we're on a sellout model
 for our revenue recognition.
 In terms of where we are in the transition,
 rising, non-rising, we still have a long ways to go.
 I mean, the way you should think about it is rise in seven
 was at the very high end, you know,
 we're going to rise in five, it started,
 We have, you know, rise in three that will come next.
 and then we have the entire mobile portfolio as well.
 So it will take us, you know, through this year
 to really transition the majority of the product
 over to Ryzen.
 I think everything that we've seen, you know, the ASP uplifts are definitely very beneficial.
 So, you know, we're pleased with, you know, sort of the pricing that we're
 commanding for the product and the reception for the product.
 So I think it's just that it will take us a couple quarters to transition the overall
 of portfolio, you know, over the horizon.
 Well, at least there's a follow-up to that.
 You know, I know you guys are coming up with an analyst day next month and some of these
 target might change, but to the extent that your old gross margin target was sort of 36
 to 40. I'm just kind of curious to what extent can you get to that sort of 38% midpoint just
 by moving your current market share mix towards rising?
 and to what extent they're getting the 38 or above
 imply either market share gains in the compute business
 on the desktop notebook side or on the server side.
 What do we think about that dynamic?
 So the long-term guidance at 36 to 40 percent, I think we have multiple ways of getting there.
 You know, certainly on the PC side, it is not anticipating that, you know,
 we gain a significant amount of share
 over our historical numbers.
 So I think the idea on the PC side is, you know, again,
 I think 2017, a large percentage of the margin story
 is around PCs.
 I think as you go into 2018,
 you'll see a larger percentage of that.
 you know, be inservers, but you know, to the fundamental question, I think we feel good
 that the mixed dynamics are there.
 The product is strong enough to command the right ASPs
 that, you know, we can get to the long-term margin target,
 in several different ways.
 Thank you.
 the exact numbers between semi-custom and Ryzen.
 I think it's fair to say that the semi-custom business will
 have a reasonable ramp in the second quarter
 as will rise in.
 In terms of relative to our expectations,
 It's actually very close to our expectations
 of what we expected the ramp rate to be
 as we're going into this new segment.
 And as I think I mentioned on one of the previous questions, you know, we don't expect to be
 at peak run rates in the second quarter.
 I think we will be continuing to ramp, you know,
 Zen-based product in the PC business throughout the year, as we bring more and more SKUs online.
 So I think the second quarter will certainly be higher
 in the first quarter, and I would expect the second half to be higher than what we're seeing
 in the second quarter as we ramp more and more SKUs, as more OEM platforms come online,
 You know, as you guys know, the PC business tends to be a very back half loaded business.
 So as we get into back to school, you know, the retail segments and holiday, you would
 expect that both channel and OEM, you know, PC sales to benefit from the stronger product
 portfolio.
 On the GPU side, we actually haven't seen anything abnormal.
 You know, we normally see the seasonality, you know, going from Q4 to Q1, that sales
 go down. We saw something very normal to that from an inventory standpoint. We think it's
 normal to maybe even slightly lean because we were going through a transition from our
 you know 400 series to 500 series so you know we see the gaming segment as
 as healthy.
 Yeah, from what we see, I think we feel good about the gaming segment overall.
 graphics continues to be a strong segment. For us, it's not just the channel business,
 but it's the ramp of our OEM business.
 So we have a number of new OEM systems that are also ramping here in the first half of
 the year. As it relates to ASPs, we are excited with the launch of Vega that we'll see, you
 a significant improvement in our ASPs, just given our current presence in the high-end
 segment of the GPU market.
 So, yeah, overall, I think we feel good about the market.
 Yeah, maybe let me start on the OpEx and then have the vendor, you know, comment on the second piece of the question.
 So on the OPEX, we are making targeted investments in several different areas.
 The key areas are in GPUs and server,
 And it's both on the R&D side as well as on some go-to-market.
 So from our standpoint, these are very strong products.
 We want to make sure that we have enough customer resources
 to help our customers ramp into a production.
 So I think they're targeted investments,
 But, you know, as we've been in the past,
 will be very prudent with where the op-ex goes.
 And then relative to the, yeah, so Joe,
 The way to think about that is, you know, for, you know, the rise in seven and a good portion
 of the rise in five.
 We really didn't have a competing product in that segment,
 So it's really additive.
 I mean, we've actually added SAM to our CPU market coverage.
 The legacy products will continue in the market.
 that would certainly continue through this year.
 And, you know, that's all contemplated in the model.
 So, you know, we feel that the very complementary, you know,
 products and different geographies moved at different rates.
 We have, you know, still a significant installed base of motherboards out there from our previous
 generation, so we'll keep supporting both products.
 We're very pleased with where the Ryzen product is positioned now.
 We think from the value proposition standpoint, performance, performance per dollar, it's very strong.
 You know, we obviously have other products that we're going to be launching throughout
 the year to ensure that, you know, we have strong part positioning, you know, throughout
 the year.
 I think the more important thing, Joan,
 We'll talk more about this at our Financial Analyst Day is, you know, we have a long-term
 roadmap, whether you're talking about PCs or GPUs or servers, to ensure that we continue
 to refresh our product, you know, plans and our product road maps over time.
 So I think we feel good about, you know, where we are positioned today and we're going to
 to ensure that we continue to roll out products
 to strengthen that positioning.
 Yeah, Chris so there was no particular supply constraint. I think it's more of the ebb and flow of the market
 You know, when you think about the channel market or the DIY market, you can basically
 introduce your product any time during the year.
 The OEMs have a very set cycle.
 They typically launch new products in Q2
 for the back-to-school season,
 And so that was just the timing of when the OEM platforms were ready.
 And then, you know, again, when you're launching so many different SKUs, I think, you know,
 and rising 7 first, then rising 5, then rising 3 was, you know, absolutely our plan to make
 sure that, you know, we hit all of the logistics and stuff on plan. But, you know, overall,
 Like I said, nothing different than what we expected.
 I think we're pleased with where the overall launch is,
 and we'll be rolling out many more products over the coming quarters.