 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Phoenix New Media Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session,
 press star 1 on your telephone
 I must advise you that today's conference is being recorded.
 I would like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today
 Thank you.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Oprah.
 Thank you.
 to Phoenix New Media's Third Culture 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
 I'm joined here by our Chief Executive Officer Mr. Xuang Liu and Chief Financial Officer
 Mr. Adler Liu.
 On today's call, management will first provide a review of the cutaway results and then conduct
 for Q&A session.
 The third quarter 2020 financial results
 and webcasts of this phone call are available on our website at IR.Typhoon.com.
 A replay of the code will be available on the website in a few hours.
 Before we continue, I would like to refer you to our Safe Harbor Statement in our Earnings Price Release, which apply to this call as we will make forward-looking statements.
 Finally, please note that unless otherwise stated, all figures mentioned during this
 conference call INR&D.
 With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Shuang Liu, our CEO.
 Thank you, Tim.
 I'm not good.
 Thank you very much.
 Although we face a complex situation as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, an ethically
 geopolitical tensions. We deliver revenues in line with our previous guidance in the
 in the third quarter of 2020.
 generating r&b three hundred
 three million.
 in total revenue in the period.
 furthermore
 We remain steadfast in our commitment to providing a superior user experience, upgrading our
 products.
 our constant leadership, augmenting our monetization capabilities, and setting the stage for our
 return to growth.
 First, in regards to our flagship news app, iPhone, we continue to enhance its user experience
 and improve its content delivery efficiencies through the optimization of its core capabilities.
 Every quarter, for example, we read the quality of viewing chances for our users, while also
 providing them with additional flash
 short-form conference.
 Moreover, we were successful in introducing new public survey functions to the platform,
 which help to amplify both user engagement and user interaction, especially within the
 conference of major social events and hot topics in addition to these key
 product upgrades.
 We also maintain our relentless efforts in fine-tuning our content recommendation engine
 by integrating our seasoned editorial knowledge
 into more areas of the county recommendation process,
 we were able to better focus on the improvement of clean-through rates and user time plans
 on the platform during the period.
 As such, our user sickness improves substantially in a quarter, with average time span per user
 on the platform, increasing by 20% yield over the year.
 and our user retention rate
 goes by 41% year-over-year.
 Meanwhile, our total number of newly added users also increased by 30% quarter-over-quarter
 as we continue to adopt a Putin approach in our user acquisition strategies and the focus
 on leveraging those acquisition channels with quality ROI.
 Now, turning to our content operations.
 In the third quarter, we remain focused on strengthening our leadership in those common
 verticals that we believe have long-term strategic values.
 of financial
 vertical. For example,
 We further expanded our audience size
 by releasing such bash
 hits us on the cover.
 in that video series featuring
 exclusive interviews
 with
 influential people, including
 Mr. Long Yong-choo, former Vice Minister of Foreign Trade
 at economic
 corporations
 and
 Ms. Maya Musk
 Celebrity model and mother of Elon Musk.
 In fact, on the cover, it was so well received by our users that it has recorded more than
 15.
 minimum total views
 our own media portfolio
 in quarters.
 To further establish our story in the food article, we organized the 2020 iPhone Food
 in Shanghai, Hangzhou, and Guangzhou, in a period, in line with these efforts, but also
 a number of quality restaurants
 into our Golden Wutong Restaurant Guide,
 which helped to better establish the guide
 as a go-to source for premium dining choices.
 Since its initial launch, the iPhone food festival had gone beyond merely providing
 our users with food-related content to penetrate in China's entire food industry, gaining traction
 with famous chefs,
 Revitable restaurants and common KOLs in the food space.
 As a result of the event's widespread effect, it also continues to do well financially.
 Once again, demonstrating the monetization potential of our lifestyle verticals.
 Additionally, in the quarter, we remain committed to fueling the growth momentum of our fashion vertical,
 organizing several online ranking events
 for personal care and cosmetic products.
 The success of these events was mostly driven by our significant brand influence, a large
 audience.
 It was also due to our understanding of the new media landscape in China, as we coordinated
 with 48 influence in the cosmetic industries to organize
 effects its promotion and campaigns for the events.
 This combination of factors
 allow us to significantly expand the reach of our online ranking events, further showcasing
 the power of our brand authority and influence on our target audience as well as the fashion
 as a whole.
 Beyond our progress in expanding our vertical conference leadership, we also made meaningful
 strides in the development of original IP programs.
 In the third quarter, for example, a launch of the fourth season of Shede Wisdom People
 generated encouraging results, with the first episode of the series immediately collecting
 more than 100 million total views to reach the top of
 the world.
 for different social media platforms.
 Another successful show, Jinping Tan, also continued to perform quite well during the period, enabling us to form strategic partnerships with both Jiangsu Satellite TV and Guizhou Satellite TV to broadcast the show.
 We believe that these types of deals are reputable and therefore demonstrate the significant
 potential of our premium IP
 thousands going forward.
 our innovation front
 We maintain our focus on the cultivation of our existing initiatives while also carefully
 analyzing the
 a member
 of other potential business opportunities.
 This advertising, for example, will further accelerate the development of our ad platform
 As part of these efforts, we focus on upgrading those online traffic control and price bedding
 control functions capable of
 helping advertisers manage their acquisition costs with more precision.
 We also concentrated on enhancing front-in-face data management platform.
 to augment these external traffic identification capabilities, advertisement, distribution
 and monetization
 performance.
 As a result of our efforts, the total number of mobile applications that Fungse has access
 who grew rapidly off the casual basis in the quarters.
 In regards to our real estate vertical, the outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in significant
 changes.
 throughout China's real estate market in 2020,
 working developers to become
 increasingly relying on both online housing and online housing transactions to conduct
 with the
 the exact
 of the trap.
 We have partnered with real estate associations, government agencies, and top developers to
 launch lives leaning
 possessions.
 for property use.
 Beyond helping to facilitate property transactions more efficiently, this work also highlights
 of long-term plans to provide
 the real estate market with a one-stop real estate marketing solution.
 have
 as the epidemic continues to be gradually brought
 and the control in China,
 where in fact the integration of online and offline marketing channels
 to become the key
 for probability
 developers.
 to restore their business costs.
 In light of this growing demand, we plan to continue leveraging both online and offline
 resources to further enhance our marketing solutions for the
 the realistic vertical and thus better tailor these solutions to meet the needs of industry
 players in return.
 Now, please allow me to provide some additional color in regards to our key strategic focus
 of business development
 closing forward.
 in terms of future investments
 as we continue to evaluate
 of potential investment opportunities
 We will also be sure to assess our existing capital structure and explore the different
 ways of sharing the value we have created with our shareholders.
 strategy
 announcements
 we
 were
 focus on forging partnerships with the top
 funds in several different verticals, which not only has the potential to generate
 lasting returns but will also keep us up to date on the rapidly evolving market dynamics
 of new business vectors.
 organic growth
 We are maintaining our commitment to the continuous optimization of our product
 with our flagship museum iPhone remaining at the core of our service offerings.
 Moreover, we will actively explore new opportunities
 through continuous product innovation while also experimenting with new monetization channels.
 As such, by focusing on these key strategic areas and executing as appropriate, we'll
 be able to
 capture
 market share
 at a larger scale
 have to expand at a faster pace
 than previously possible.
 enabling us to tabloize our more worthwhile opportunities over the long run.
 In summary, in the third quarter, we maintain our strategic focus on optimizing our flagship
 program.
 Thank you.
 expanding our constant verticals.
 on the fielding the growth of our monetization capabilities.
 Looking ahead, we expect the new media industry to continue facing pressure throughout the
 remainder of the year as a result of the current macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties.
 Nevertheless, our deep
 technical expertise, premium
 new content and potent brand influence will enable us to remain at the forefront of China's
 new media industry, allowing us to capture those segments of the market with promising
 growth potential as the world rebounds from the COVID-19 pandemic.
 With this, I would like to pass to Afia Paul at work.
 Thank you, Shuang.
 And thank you all for joining our conference call today.
 Our total revenue in the third quarter of 2020,
 or R&B 303 minutes in line with our previous guidance range.
 And they're representing a decrease of 10.9% from R&B 339.9 million in the same period of last year.
 This decrease was primarily due to negative impact of the COVID-19 outbreak and heightened
 in the industry competition.
 I will now provide some additional color
 on our revenues during the third quarter of 2020.
 Net advertising revenues in the third quarter of 2020
 or RMB 281.3 minute, representing a
 decrease of 10.2.
 2% from RMB 300, 13.1 million in the same period of last year.
 This decrease was primarily attributable to the previous stated reason.
 Paid services revenues in the third quarter of 2020 decreased by 19% to RMB 21.7 million
 from RMB 26.8 million in the same period of last year.
 The revenues from paid content in the third quarter of 2020 decreased by 34.3% to RMB,
 8.9 minutes
 of RMB 13.5 million in the same period of last year, which was
 mainly due to the tightening of rules and regulations for digital reading in China and in line with
 the broader market
 the conditions.
 from operations in the third quarter of 2020 was RMB 28.4 million compared to loss from operations of RMB
 60.2 minutes.
 in the same period of last year.
 Operating margin in the third quarter of 2020
 was negative 9.4% compared to negative 17.7% in the same period of last year.
 the year.
 Non-gap loss from operations in the third quarter of 2020 was R&B 26.7 million compared
 to non-GAAP loss from operations of RMB, 36.8 million in the same period of last year.
 Gap operating margin in the third quarter of 2020 was negative 8.8% compared to negative
 16.7%
 in the same period of last year.
 Net loss from continuing operations attributable to iPhone in the third quarter of 2020 was R&B 0.9 million
 compared to net loss from continuing operations
 attributable to iPhone of R&B 50.9 million in the same period of last year.
 in the third quarter of 2020 was R&B 1.3 million compared to non-GAAP net loss from continuing
 operations attributable to iPhone of RMB 47.5 million in the same period of last year.
 Moving on to our balance sheet, as of September 30, 2020, the company's cash and cash equivalents
 and the company's cash and cash.
 deposits, short-term investment, and restricted cash, or RMB 2.37 billion, or approximately
 U.S. dollar
 349.5 minutes.
 Finally, I'd like to provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 We are forecasting total revenues to be between RMB 332.4 million and RMB 362.4 million representing
 a decrease of 17% to 9.5% year-over-year.
 net advertising revenues.
 We are forecasting between R&B 309.6 million and R&B 334.6 million, representing a decrease
 of 14.7% to 7.9% year-over-year.
 paid service revenues. We are
 forecasting between R&B
 22.8 million
 and RMB 27.8 million, representing a decrease of 38.8% to 25.4% year-over-year.
 ahead.
 We plan to continue focusing on the data.
 focusing on our cost control measures, while also remaining prudent in our investment selecting
 And only those opportunities that are in accordance with our long-term growth plan and
 able to learn a 4G ROI.
 Well, we do expect that the new media industry will continue to face challenges over the
 Showtime.
 We also believe that the industry's long-term growth potential remains robust and that it
 also will continue to improve as China's economy gradually recovers.
 Moreover, we believe that our established brand influence
 in the world.
 premium content offerings and cutting-edge technology will continue to position us at
 the forefront of China's new media industry going forward.
 Involving us to restart our growth engines as the industry bounces back from the disruptions
 caused by COVID-19.
 This concludes the prepared portion of our call.
 We are now ready for questions.
 Operator, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Edward.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and with your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel a request, please press the pound or hash key.
 Your first question comes from Bin Bin Ding from JP Morgan.
 Please ask a question.
 Good morning, management. Thanks for taking my question.
 my question is on the ad market
 So can you give us an update on the passing market trend in the second half?
 it seems to
 your revenue decline.
 widened in the third quarter and
 you still mentioned COVID-19 was still one of the major reasons.
 So can you elaborate on that?
 also can management talk about industries which are the key categories
 you're seeing some recovery and
 which industry
 industries still face a lot of challenges.
 Thank you.
 Morning, Binging.
 This is Edward speaking.
 I will answer this question.
 Actually, in the third quarter, our advertising business was impacted by the recurrence of
 epidemic in certain areas of China, as well as the popularity of show form videos and
 live streaming e-commerce, which continued to gain market share during the quarter.
 as you might know
 although
 brand
 arbitrage
 and performance-based advertising accounted for about 80% and 20% of our total advertising
 revenues.
 respectively.
 Actually, in Q3, our brand advertising revenues increased on a sequential basis.
 fatty growth was
 mainly due to the gradual recovery of our offline promotional campaigns and the original
 IP programs.
 .
 As more offline activities continue to take place in the remainder of 2020, we expect
 our brand advertising revenues to achieve double-digit growth in the fourth quarter.
 on the other hand
 Our performance-based advertising continues to face challenges during the third quarter,
 only due to, I think it's the following two vectors.
 First, some of our clients were subject to stricter industry regulations and therefore
 they had to adopt a more conservative ad-placement strategy.
 Secondly, the overall supply of either inventory
 in the market exceeded the market's demand,
 which made
 raising the eCPMs of performance-based advertising more difficult.
 more difficult
 By sector, the top five industries covered by our advertising business are auto, e-commerce,
 FMCG, financial services, and the Internet services.
 Those industries which have traditionally accounted for a substantial portion of our advertising revenues, including auto and by Jio,
 were mostly impacted in the first half of the year.
 however as the pandemic gradually brought under control in the third quarter
 However, both industries have since recovered significantly.
 In regards to the auto market, the industry continued to show strong signs of recovery
 in the period.
 According to China Passenger Car Association, in September,
 Retail sales of passenger cars increased by about 7.3% year-over-year.
 wholesale sales of new energy passenger cars increased by more than 90% year-over-year.
 As such, we expect the auto sector to continue their recovery in the fourth quarter.
 The online advertising industry has been underperforming due to the reverse of the epidemic in certain areas of China,
 as well as
 listeners
 Jill
 political issues.
 Show some video and e-commerce were the only sources of advertising growth in this quarter,
 while the rest of the industry underperformed.
 In recognition of the changing market dynamics, we have already established our
 present in both the show form video and e-commerce spaces.
 The majority of our original content is now produced in the show from video format.
 And more than 80% of our brand advertising projects are now shown from video projects,
 which we are able to monetize through a combination of content production and advertising sales.
 We are confident
 that despite the facing today's complex and volatile advertising market,
 Our competitive advantages will enable us to continue preparing the growth of our business
 lives going forward.
 I hope I have answered your question.
 Yes, it does.
 Thank you very much, Edward.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Carmen Zhang from First Shanghai Securities.
 Please ask a question.
 Hi, management.
 After you receive the second charge of E-Defs payment, how do you plan to use the additional
 cash on the company's balance sheet. Are you considering privatization of dividends?
 Hi, a comment.
 This is Shuang. Let me answer your question.
 as if it's
 September 30th, 2020.
 we had cash
 and the cash equivalents
 of U.S. dollar
 over 250 million.
 also maintain our cash, strong cash flow
 during the pandemic.
 It was driven by our effective cost control measures
 as well as the excellent
 return
 that we
 have
 achieved
 in our eating medicine.
 It's show-based
 of strategic investment experience.
 As for existing capital, we plan to use these resources in three key areas.
 First, we'll continue to optimize our product metrics with our flagship news app, iPhone.
 remaining at the core of our service offerings.
 At the same time, we will also aim to develop more platform-based products, which is capable
 meeting the future needs of consumers.
 We will also explore new business opportunities with both government and enterprise business partners.
 Secondly, we will actively explore more strategic investment optimists
 by evaluating potential investments into those VC funds that are aligned with our business goals.
 In particular, we are focused on funds with extensive experience in TMT, entertainment,
 video
 luxury consumer products and other vertical services.
 It will help to keep us up to date on the very rapidly involving market dynamics of
 new business actors.
 Thirdly, we remain committed to creating shareholder value
 and delivering returns to our shareholders in a variety of ways.
 Having said that, dividends are certainly one form of giving back to our shareholders
 that we will concede going forward.
 This year, we have observed the privatization of some U.S. listed companies, as well as registration system reforms in the domestic capital market.
 We will certainly evaluate our choices in due course with our continuing focus on ensuring
 shareholder rights and maximizing their interest.
 now, we'll also be sure
 to take over
 to take our own situation
 and market environment into account.
 In addition, we'll continue to work towards
 refining our core business
 and executing
 our new business initiatives.
 We are now taking active steps to expand our e-commerce business by upgrading our e-commerce
 products and building out
 our own supply chain
 to further improve the monetization capabilities of our e-commerce business.
 We hope to share our business progress on this run with everyone as soon as next quarter.
 I hope this answers your question.
 Come on.
 Thank you.
 Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please press Star 1.
 Your next question comes from Frank Chen from Macquarie. Please ask a question.
 Good morning, management. Thank you for taking my question.
 I have a few questions.
 but this one is not
 I remember that you mentioned
 that the company targets
 narrowed a lot
 I think you
 quite the fifth job
 in Japan.
 one, two, wave,
 uh,
 expect to break even looking forward.
 And the second question is on the advertising, probably on the advertising price, Uniprise
 from Granddad.
 Can you update us how KPM looks like today compared to last quarter or a year ago?
 what direction do you think
 Thank you.
 and we'll go in the future and try that behind us.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 This is Shuang.
 I will answer the first part of the question.
 maybe
 Edwards
 can
 and add a few more on the other content.
 Our operating loss for the first nine months of 2020 was RMB 73.8 million, which is much
 lower than our operating loss of RfB 248 million in the same period of last year.
 As such, we are now on track to achieve our operating target for the full year.
 However, due to the impact of the pandemic on our top-line performance in 2020, we do
 do not expect
 We're even at operating level this year.
 As a public company, we fully understand the importance of profitability, and we are well
 We are well aware that maintaining the healthy growth of our core business is the optimal
 path to long-term profitability.
 With the continued optimization of our current strategy and vertical operations, we are confident
 that we can leverage our existing business strengths to not only ensure the growth of
 our core business, but also develop
 additional goals
 drivers in such a new era
 e-commerce, product reviews, and original IP programs.
 Over the long term, we believe that our effective corporate governance structure will enable
 to strike a fine balance between growth and profitability.
 I think you still mentioned
 the advertising trend going forward next year, right?
 So maybe I can add a few more words on this.
 Hi, Frank.
 This is Edward speaking.
 Thank you.
 Actually, as I have previously mentioned in Binbin's question, looking forward to the
 advertising industry is still full of challenges.
 I think, first, it depends on the development of the epidemic worldwide, especially in China.
 within next year
 It's getting better, but it's still a question, right?
 And so in this kind of microeconomic environment, we think of the online advertising industry
 are still facing challenges maybe in especially in the first half of 2020 and also in the
 The online advertising industry is evolving.
 The users spend more and more time on platforms like Douyin and Quaishou, this kind of show
 from video platforms.
 So our advertising incomes are still facing pressures,
 measures.
 especially for how to make our advertising more cost effective is a big challenge for
 us.
 But we, as I also mentioned before, actually we have recognized this kind of changing in
 marketer dynamic
 we already put a lot of effort in the short form video and e-commerce spaces.
 this.
 So next year, there will be challenges, but we also feel very excited and confident we
 I think we can handle these challenges
 and make some progress in other advertising business.
 Thank you, Frank.
 Thank you, Don, at work.
 Thank you, Frank.
 Thank you.
 Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please press Star 1.
 There are no further questions at this time
 I would now like to hand the conference back to the management.
 Please continue.
 Thank you, operator.
 We have come to the end of our Q&A session
 on our conference call.
 Please feel free to contact us if you have any further questions.
 Thank you for joining us on this call.
 Have a good day.
 Thank you all.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating.
 You may off.
 Disconnect.
 Thank you.