 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Phoenix New Media Third
 quarter 2020 earnings call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 After the speaking presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
 to ask a question during the session,
 press star one on your telephone
 must advise you that today's conference is being recorded.
 I would like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Qing Liu.
 Thank you. Please go ahead.
 Thank you all for joining us.
 Welcome to Phoenix New Media's third quarter of 2020
 conference call. I'm joined here by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Shuang Liu, and Chief
 financial officer Mr. Adlo Lu.
 On today's call, my team will first provide a review of the CARTY results and then conduct
 of Q&A session.
 The third quarter 2020 financial results
 on the webcast of this course available on our website at ir.tyson.com.
 A replay of the code will be available on the website in a few hours.
 Before we continue, I would like to refer you to our safe harbor statement
 our earnings price release, which applies to this code as we will make full looking statements.
 Finally, please know that, unless otherwise stated, all figures mentioned during this
 conference call INRMD.
 With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Shuang Liu, our CEO.
 Thank you, Ching. Good morning and good evening, everyone.
 although we face a complex situation as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, an
 and ethicating geopolitical tensions with the river
 revenues in line with our previous guidance in the third quarter of 2020, generating RMB
 3 million in total revenues in the period.
 Furthermore, we remain steadfast in our commitment to providing a superior user experience,
 Upgrading our products,
 maintaining our common leadership
 augmenting our monetization capabilities.
 I'm setting the stage for our return to growth.
 First, in regards to a flagship news app,
 iPhone.
 continue to enhance its user experience
 and improve its common delivery efficiencies
 to the optimization of these core capabilities.
 Here's a quarter, for example.
 rate the quality of viewing chances for users while
 close to providing them with additional flash-short form
 comments.
 Moreover, we were successful in introducing new public survey functions to the platform,
 which
 which help to amplify both user engagement and user interaction, especially within the
 the content of major social events and hot topics.
 In addition to these key product upgrades, we also
 maintain our relentless efforts in fine-tuning our constant recommendation engine by integrating
 our student editorial knowledge into more areas of the company recommendation process,
 we were able to better focus on the improvement of pre-true rates
 a user timestamp on a platform you will appear with.
 uh... such
 our user sickness improves substantially in a quarter.
 with average time span per user on the platform,
 increasing by 20% bill over a year.
 and our user retention rate goes by 41% year over year.
 Meanwhile, a total number of newly added users also increased by 30% quarter over quarter
 as we continue to adopt a pudding approach,
 Now use the acquisition strategies.
 and the focus are leveraging those acquisition channels.
 with quality ROI.
 Now, turning to account operations.
 In the third quarter, we remain focused on strengthening our leadership in those common
 verticals.
 That means
 lead at long-term strategic values.
 You are financial
 Vertical. For example, we further expanded our audience size by releasing such best hits as On the Cover, OMEAN,
 in that video series featuring exclusive interviews
 of use.
 With the influence of the
 people, including Mr. Long Yong-choo, former Vice Minister of Foreign Trade, and President
 at economic corporations.
 and Ms. Maya Masque.
 at every model and model of Elon Musk.
 In fact, on the cover, what's so well received by our users
 that he has recorded more than 60 minute total views
 immediate portfolio during the course.
 To further establish our story in the food article, we organized the 2020 iPhone Food
 in Shanghai, Hangzhou, and Guangzhou, in the period.
 in line with deep efforts.
 also introduce a number of quality restaurants
 into our Golden Wutong Restaurant Guide,
 see you in the next video.
 Thank you.
 which helped to better establish the guide as a go-to source for premium dining choices.
 So it's initial launch.
 the iPhone 2's festival had gone beyond nearly providing
 users with food related companies to penetrate in China's entire food industry.
 Getting traction with famous chefs
 Rehabs.
 Rehabable restaurants.
 common tale out in the food space.
 As a result of the event's widespread effect, it also continues to do well financially.
 Once again, demonstrate the monetization potential of our lifestyle verticals.
 Additionally, in the quarter, we have been committed to feeding the growth momentum of
 of our fashion vertical.
 organizing several online-ranking events.
 of personal care and cosmetic products.
 The percent of these ranking events was mostly driven by our significant
 a large audience size.
 it was also due to our understanding
 of the new media luxury in China
 as we've coordinated with 48 influence
 in the cosmetic industries to organize effective promotion
 campaigns for the events.
 This combination of factors allow us to significantly expand the reach of our online ranking events.
 Further, showcasing the power of our grant authority and influence on our target audience
 as well as the fashion industry as a whole.
 That's the whole.
 We have progress in expanding our vertical comfort leadership.
 We also made meaningful strides in the development of original IP programs.
 in the third quarter, for example,
 a launch of the four seasons of Shudder,
 with them, people.
 strategically generated encouraging results
 with the first episode of the series.
 immediately collecting more than 100 million total views
 to reach the top of cutting lists
 for different social media platforms.
 Another successful show.
 Also, continue to perform quite well during the period, enabling us to form strategic
 partnerships with both Jamsu Satellite TV and Guido Satellite TV to broadcast the show.
 We believe that these type of fields are reputable, and therefore demonstrate the significant
 the monetization potential of our premium IP conference
 going forward.
 On the innovation front, we maintain our focus on the cultivation of our existing initiatives,
 while also carefully analyzing a number
 of other potential business opportunities.
 is advertising, for example,
 We further accelerated the development of our ad platform,
 I don't think as part of these efforts, we focus on upgrading those online traffic control
 are quite good in control functions, capable of helping
 advertisers managed their acquisition costs with more positions.
 In addition, we also concentrated on enhancing
 data management platform to augment these external traffic identification capabilities.
 advertisement distribution efficiencies.
 and monetization performance.
 As a result of our efforts, the total number
 mobile applications that something has access to,
 grew rapidly off the casual basis in the quarter system.
 in regards to our real estate vertical,
 The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in significant disruptions throughout China's
 you'll look like market in 2020.
 developers to become increasingly relying on both online health
 and online housing transactions.
 actions to conduct their business.
 In the entire mission of the TREP, we have partnered with real estate associations, government
 agencies and top developers to launch live streaming
 aggressions, for property abuse.
 we are helping to accelerate
 property transactions, more efficiently.
 This work also highlights our long-term plans
 to provide the real estate market
 with a one stop lucid marketing solution.
 looking ahead
 as the epidemic continues to be gradually brought
 and the control in China.
 where, in fact, the integration of online and offline marketing channels could become
 the key for property developers to restore their business growth.
 In light of this growing event, we're
 plan to continue leveraging both online and offline resources to further enhance our marketing
 solutions for the role of the vertical, and the spanner tailors
 solutions.
 to meet the needs of interactive players in the time.
 Please allow me to provide some additional color in regards to our key strategic focus
 for business development going forward.
 In terms of future investment, as we continue to evaluate potential investment opportunities,
 We'll also be sure to assess our existing capital structure and explore different ways
 of sharing the value we have created with our shareholders.
 for strategic investments.
 The focus of forging partnerships with the top VC funds
 several different verticals, which not only has the potential
 to generate lasting returns,
 but will also keep us up-to-date on the rapidly evolving market dynamics of new business
 factors. On organic growth fronts, we are maintaining a commitment to the continuous
 optimization of our product backers, with our flagships museum iPhone, remaining at
 the core of our service offerings.
 Moreover, we'll activate explore new opportunities.
 so continuous product innovation.
 while also experimenting with new monetization channels.
 as such by focusing on these key strategic areas
 and executing as appropriate,
 will be able to capture market share at a larger scale,
 have to expand at a faster pace than previously possible.
 enabling us to capitalize on more worthwhile opportunities
 over the long run.
 In summary, in the third quarter, we maintain our strategic focus of optimizing our flagship
 to use that, extending our count from verticals,
 and is fueling the growth of our monetization capabilities.
 looking ahead, but expect a new media industry to continue
 is facing pressure throughout the remainder of the year.
 as a result of the current macroeconomic
 and the geopropagal activities.
 Nevertheless, our deep technical expertise
 putting in a new content, and potent brand influence.
 will enable us to remain at the forefront of China's new media industry, allowing us
 to capture those segments of the market with promising growth
 Thank you.
 as the world rebounds from the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Yeah, with this, I would like to pass to you.
 of the above.
 at work.
 Thank you very much.
 And thank you all for joining our conference call today.
 of total revenue in the third quarter of 2020 or RMB 303 minutes in line with all our previous guidance range.
 and representing a decrease of 10.9% from R&B 339.9 million
 in the same period of last year.
 This decrease was primarily due to negative impact
 of the COVID-19 outbreak.
 and heightened industry competition.
 I will now provide some additional color on our revenues
 during the third quarter of 2020.
 net advertising revenues in the third quarter of 2020
 or R&B 281.3 minutes.
 representing a decrease of 10.2% from R&B 300,
 a certain point in one minute in the same period of last year.
 This decrease was primarily attributable to the previous stated reason.
 Paid services revenues in the third quarter of 2020 decreased by 19% to RMB 21.7 million
 from R&B 26.8 million in the same period of last year.
 The value is paid content in the third quarter of 2020,
 decreased by 34, 8.3% to arm B, 8.9 million arm B,
 be 13.5 minutes in the same period of last year, which
 was mainly due to the tightening of the use and the
 Congratulations.
 for digital reading in China, and in line with the broader market conditions.
 Loss form operation in the third quarter of 2020 was R&B 28.4 million compared to loss form operations of R&B 60.2 million in the same period of last year.
 Operating margin in the third quarter of 2020 was negative 9.4% compared to the negative 17.7% in the same period of last year.
 non-gap laws from operations in the third quarter of 2020
 was RMB 26.7 minutes compared to non-gap loss from operations of RMB 36.8 minutes in the same period of last year.
 Non-gap operating margin in the third quarter of 2020 was negative 8.8% compared to negative 16.7% in the same period of last year.
 Net loss from continuing operation attributable to iPhone in the third quarter of 2020 was
 was the R&B 0.9 million compared to net loss from continuing operations
 are available to iPhone of RMB 50.9 million in the same period of last year.
 non-gap net income from continuing operation attributable to iPhone in the third quarter
 of 2020 was R&B 1.3 minutes compared to non-gap net loss
 from continuing operations attributable to the iPhone of RMB 47.5 million in the same
 Imperial, not for you.
 Moving on to our ban sheet.
 As of September 30, 2020, the company's cash and cash equivalents, term deposited, show
 total investment and restricted cash or RMB $2.37 billion or approximately US $349.5
 Finally, I'd like to provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 We are forecasting total revenues to be between RMB 332.4 million and RMB 362.4 million, representing
 a decrease of 17% to 9.5% year over year.
 or night advertising revenues.
 We're forecasting between R&B 309.6 minutes and R&B 334.6 minutes.
 representing a decrease of 14.7% to 7.9% year over year.
 For paid service revenues, we are forecasting between RMB 22.8 million and RMB 27.8 million,
 representing a decrease of 38.8% to 25.4% year of the year.
 Looking ahead, we plan to continue focusing on our cost control measures.
 while also remaining prudent in our investments.
 selecting only those opportunities that are in accordance with our long-term goals
 and able to deliver in a 4G ROI.
 Well, we do expect that the new media industry will continue
 to face challenges over the showtime.
 We also believe that the industry's long-term growth potential remains robust, and that
 but it also will continue to improve as China's economy gradually recovers.
 Moreover, we believe that our establishment of brand influence premium
 premium content offerings,
 and the cutting edge technology will continue to position us
 at the forefront of China's new leader industry going forward.
 enabling us to restart our growth engines as the industry
 responses back from the disruption caused by COVID-19.
 This concludes the prepared portion of our call.
 We are now ready for questions.
 Operator, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Edward. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question
 Please press star 1 on your telephone and with your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel a request, please press the pound or hash key.
 Your first question comes from Binbin Ding from JP Morgan.
 Please ask a question.
 Good morning, management.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 My question is on the ad market, so can you give us an update on the housing market trend
 in the second half.
 It seems to you as a new decline widen in the subcorder and you still mentioned COVID-19
 was still one of the major reasons.
 So can you elaborate on that?
 Also, you can manage them and talk about the aspects
 and by industries, which are the key categories you've
 seeing some recovery and which industries still face a lot of challenges.
 Thank you.
 Let's just add a word speaking.
 I will answer this question.
 Actually, in the third quarter, our advertising business was impacted by the recurrence of
 the epidemic in certain areas of China,
 as well as the popularity of show form videos
 and a live streaming e-commerce, which
 continue the two games, what they shared during the quarter.
 As you might know, our brand advertising and performance
 based on advertising.
 accounted for about 80% and 20% of our total advertising revenues, respectively.
 You actually need Q3.
 Our brand advertising revenues increased our sequential basis.
 This steady growth was mainly due to the gradual recovery
 of our offline promotional campaigns.
 and the original IP programs.
 As more offline activities continue
 to take place in the remainder of 2020.
 we expect our brand advertising revenues to achieve double
 digit growth in the first quarter.
 However, only at the end of the month,
 On the other hand, our performance based advertising continues to face challenges during the solar
 courted.
 They may do two.
 .
 I think it's the following two vectors.
 First, some of our clients are subject to stricter industry regulations, and the near
 Therefore, they had to adopt a more conservative
 a placement strategy.
 And secondly, to all of you who are watching this video,
 The overall supply of either inventory in the market exceeded the market's demand, which
 which made using the eCPMs of performance-based
 advertising more difficult.
 The top five industries covered by our advertising business are auto, e-commerce, FMCG, financial
 services and the internet services.
 And those industries which have traditionally accounted for a substantial portion of our
 advertising revenues, including auto and Baijiu, were mostly impacted in the first half of the
 However, as the pandemic gradually brought under control in the third quarter, both industries
 have since recovered significantly.
 In regards to the auto market, the industry
 continue to show strong signs of recovery in the period.
 According to China Passenger Car Association in September, retail sales of passenger cars increased by about 7.3% year over year.
 Whole sales of new energy passenger cars increased by more than 90% year over year.
 year.
 As such, we expect the auto sector to continue their recovery in the first quarter.
 The online advertising industry has been underperforming
 to the worst of the epidemic in certain areas of China, as well as this year's geopolitical
 issues.
 Short-form video and e-commerce were the only sources of advertising goals in this quarter,
 while the rest of the industry underperformed.
 In recognition of the changing market dynamics,
 We have already established our presence in both the show
 form video and e-commerce spaces.
 The majority of our original content
 is now produced in the show from video format.
 and more than 80% of all our brand advertising projects.
 and now show from video project
 which we are able to monetize through a combination
 of content and production and advertising sales.
 We are confident that despite facing today's complex
 and the wide range of challenges,
 I'll have help out of the marketing market.
 our competitive advantage will enable us to continue
 preparing the goals of our business lines going forward.
 Bibi, I hope I have answered your question.
 Yes, it does. Thank you very much, Edwin.
 Thank you
 Your next question comes from Kamen Zhang from First Shanghai Securities.
 Please ask a question.
 Thank you for your time.
 management, and after you receive the second charge of EDIS payment, how do you plan to
 use the additional cash on the company's balance sheet.
 Are you considering try the calculation of dividends?
 Hi.
 Comment.
 This is Shuang.
 answer your question.
 as of the September 30, 2020.
 We had cash and the cash equivalence of US dollar 350 million.
 We also maintained our strong cash flow during the pandemic.
 was driven by our effective cost control measures, as well as the excellent return that we had
 achieved in our eating method.
 with so-paced strategic investment experience.
 As for existing capital, we plan to use these resources in three key areas.
 First, we'll continue to optimize our product-marked metrics with our flagship news app, iPhone.
 remaining at the core of our service offerings.
 At the same time, we also aim to develop more platform-based products, which is capable
 of meeting the future needs of consumers.
 who will also explore new business opportunities
 both government and enterprise business partners.
 Finally, we will actively explore more strategic investment opportunities by evaluating potential
 investments into those VC funds that are aligned with our business goals.
 In particular, we are focused on funds with extensive experience in TMT Entertainment
 video, luxury consumer products, and other vertical services.
 It will help to keep us up to date on the very rapidly-involving market dynamics of new business
 factors.
 Certainly, we remain committed to creating shareholder value on the delivering returns
 to our shareholders in a variety of ways.
 Having said that, dividends are certainly
 one form of giving back to our shareholders
 that we will concede in going forward.
 This year we have observed the privatization
 of some U.S. listed companies, as well as registration
 system reforms in a domestic capital market.
 would certainly evaluate our choices in due course
 with our continuing focus on ensuring shareholder rights
 and maximizing their interest.
 Right now, we'll also be sure to take over,
 to take our own situation and market environment into account.
 In addition, we'll continue to work towards refining our core business
 and executing our new business initiatives.
 We're now taking active steps to expand our e-commerce business by upgrading our e-commerce
 products.
 building out our own supply chain.
 to further improve the monetization capabilities
 about e-commerce business.
 We hope to share our business progress on this front with everyone as soon as next quarter.
 I hope this answers your question.
 And I'll see you in the next one.
 Thank you.
 Thank you
 Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1.
 Your next question comes from Frank Chen from Macquarie.
 Please ask a question.
 Good morning, management. Thank you for taking my question.
 I have two questions.
 The first one is not.
 I remember that you mentioned the company target to narrow the loss in the first year.
 I think you did quite a good job, you know, today.
 And what do you way expect to break even looking forward?
 And the second question is on the advertising, probably on the advertising part, the unify
 So I'm gonna grab that.
 Can you update us how KPM looks like today
 compared to last quarter of a year ago.
 And what direction do you think Ciclianbo will go in the future?
 We'll try that next time.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you, Mr. Chuang.
 I will answer the first part of the question.
 Maybe I was going to add a few more on the other person's comment.
 Our operating loss for the first nine months of 2020 was RMB 73.8 million, which is much
 lower than the operating loss of R&B 248 million in the same period of last year.
 are such we are now on track to achieve our operating target
 for the full year.
 However, due to the impact of the pandemic,
 our top line performance in 2020, we do not expect
 even at operating level this year.
 As a public company, we fully understand the importance of profitability, and we are well
 aware that maintaining the healthy growths of our
 of quirkiness is the optimal path to long-term profitability.
 with the continuous optimization of our current strategy
 and vertical operations were confident
 that we can leverage our existing business strategy
 to not only ensure the growth of our core business,
 but also develop additional growth drivers
 such new era as new e-commerce product reviews and original IP programs.
 Over the long term, we believe that effective corporate
 down in the structure.
 to enable us to strike a fine balance between gross and profitability.
 I think you still mentioned the advertising trend going forward next year, right?
 So maybe I'll work to add a few more words on this.
 Hi, Frank, ladies and gentlemen, speaking.
 Actually, as I have previously mentioned in the previous question, you know, looking
 forward.
 The advertising industry is still full of challenges.
 I think that like, it's, first of all, it depends on the development of the academic worldwide,
 especially in China, within the next year it's getting better, but it's still a question, right?
 Right? And so in this kind of microeconomic environment,
 We think of the online advertising industry,
 are still facing challenges
 maybe especially in the first half of 2020.
 And also, this online advertising industry is evolving.
 and uh...
 users spend more and more time on platforms like Douyin and Kuaishou.
 this kind of short-form video platforms.
 So our advertising incomes are still facing pressures,
 especially for the how to make our advertising more
 cost effective is a big challenge for us.
 And so we, as I've also mentioned before, actually we have recognized this kind of changing in market dynamics.
 we already put a lot of effort.
 and in, like, the show form video.
 and the e-commerce basis.
 So next year, there will be challenges.
 but we also feel very excited and confident.
 And we think we can handle these challenges and make some progress in other housing business.
 Thank you, Frank.
 Okay. Thank you, John. At work.
 Thank you Frank.
 Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1.
 There are no further questions at this time. I would not like to hand the conference back to the management. Please continue.
 Thank you, operator. We have come to the end of our Q&A session in our conference call.
 Please feel free to contact us if you have any further questions.
 Thank you for joining us on this call.
 Have a good day.
 Thank you all. Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating.
 You may off, disconnect.