 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Phoenix New Media third quarter 2020 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, press star 1 on your telephone. I must advise you that today's conference is being recorded. I would like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Ching Liu. Thank you. Please go ahead. Thank you, officer. Welcome to Phoenix New Media third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. I'm joined here by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Shang Liu, and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Adler Liu. On today's call, management will first provide a review of the quarterly results and then conduct a Q&A session. The third quarter 2020 financial results and wide cuts of this conference call are available on our website at ir.typhone.com. A replay of the call will be available on the website in a few hours. Before we continue, I would like to refer you to our safe harbor statement in our earnings price release, which apply to this call as we will make forward-looking statements. Finally, please note that, unless otherwise stated, all figures mentioned during this conference call are in RMB. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Shuang Liu, our CEO. Thank you, Ching. Good morning, everyone. Although we face a complex situation as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, an ethical field of particular patients will deliver revenues in line with our previous guidance in the third quarter of 2020, generating RMB 303 million in total revenues in the period. Furthermore, we remain steadfast in our commitment to providing a superior user experience, upgrading our products, maintaining our content leadership, augmenting our monetization capabilities, and setting the stage for our return to growth. First, in regards to our flagship news app, iPhone, we continue to enhance its user experience and improve its content delivery efficiencies through the optimization of its core capabilities. During the quarter, for example, we read the quality of viewing experiences for our users, while also providing them with additional fresh short-form concepts. Moreover, we were successful in introducing new public survey functions to the platform, which helped to amplify both user engagement and user interaction, especially within the content of major social events and hot topics. In addition to these key product upgrades, we also maintain our relentless efforts in fine-tuning our content recommendation engine by integrating our seasoned editorial knowledge into more areas into more areas of the company recommendation process. We were able to better focus on improvements of pre-through rates and user time spans on the platform during the period. As such, our user sickness improves substantially during the quarter, with average time span per user on the platform increasing by 20% yield over year, and our user retention rate grows by 41% year over year. Meanwhile, our total number of newly added users also increased by 30% quarter over quarter, as we continue to adopt a Putin approach in our user acquisition strategies, and the focus on leveraging those acquisition channels with quality ROI. Now, turning to our content operations. In the third quarter, we remain focused on strengthening our leadership in those common verticals that we believe have long-term strategic values. In our financial verticals, for example, we further expanded our audience size by releasing such smash hits as On the Cover, Feng Mian, an in-depth video series featuring exclusive interviews with influential people, including Mr. Long Yong Tu, former Vice Minister of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperations, and Ms. Maya Musk, celebrity model and mother of Elon Musk. In fact, On the Cover was so well received by our users that it has recorded more than 60 million total views on our own media portfolio during the quarter. To further establish our story in the food article, we organized the 2020 iPhone food festival in Shanghai, Hangzhou, and Guangzhou during the period. In line with these efforts, we also introduced a number of quality restaurants into our golden wutong restaurant guide, which helped to better establish the guide as a go-to source for premium dining choices. Since its initial launch, the iPhone food festival had gone beyond merely providing our users with food-related content to penetrate in China's entire food industry, gaining traction with famous chefs, charitable restaurants, and common KOLs in the food space. As a result of the event's widespread effect, it also continued to do well financially, once again demonstrating the monetization potential of our lifestyle verticals. Additionally, during the quarter, we remain committed to fueling the growth momentum of our fashion vertical, organizing several online ranking events for personal care and cosmetic products. The success of these ranking events was mostly driven by our significant breadth influence on large audience sites. It was also due to our understanding of the new media landscape in China as we coordinated with 48 influence in the cosmetic industries to organize effective promotional campaigns for the events. This combination of factors allowed us to significantly expand the reach of our online ranking events, further showcasing the power of our brand authority and influence on our target audience as well as the fashion industry as a whole. Beyond our progress in expanding our vertical content leadership, we also made meaningful strides in the development of original IP programs. In the third quarter, for example, our launch of the fourth season of Shede Wisdom People, Shede Zhigui de Wu, generated encouraging results with the first episode of the series immediately collecting more than 100 million total views to reach the top of trending list for different social media platforms. Another successful show, Jinping Pan also continued to perform quite well during the period, enabling us to form strategic partnerships with both Jiangsu Satellite TV and Guizhou Satellite TV to broadcast the show. We believe that these types of views are reputable and therefore demonstrate the significant monetization potential of our premium IP content going forward. On the innovation front, we maintain our focus on the cultivation of our existing initiatives while also carefully analyzing a number of other potential business opportunities. With advertising, for example, we further accelerated the development of our ad platform, Fengfei. As part of these efforts, we focused on upgrading those online traffic control and price bedding control functions capable of helping advertisers manage their acquisition costs with more precision. In addition, we also concentrated on enhancing Fengfei's data management platform to augment its external traffic identification capabilities, advertisement distribution efficiencies, and monetization performance. As a result of our efforts, the total number of mobile applications that Fengfei has access to grew rapidly on our financial basis in the quarter. In regards to our real estate vertical, the outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in significant disruptions throughout China's real estate market in 2020, forcing developers to become increasingly reliant on both online housing and online housing transactions to conduct their business. In recognition of this trend, we have partnered with real estate associations, government agencies, and top developers to launch live streaming accessions for property buildings. Beyond helping to facilitate property transactions more efficiently, this work also highlights our long-term plans to provide the real estate market with a one-stop real estate marketing solution. Looking ahead, as the epidemic continues to be gradually brought under control in China, we expect the integration of online and offline marketing channels to become the key for property developers to restore their business growth. In light of this growing demand, we plan to continue leveraging both online and offline resources to further enhance our marketing solutions for the realistic vertical and thus better tailor these solutions to meet the needs of industry players in return. Now, please allow me to provide some additional color in regards to our key strategic focus for business development going forward. In terms of future investment, as we continue to evaluate potential investment opportunities, we will also be sure to assess our existing capital structure and explore the different ways of sharing the value we have created with our shareholders. For strategic investments, we will focus on forging partnerships with the top VC fund in several different verticals, which not only has the potential to generate lasting returns, but will also keep us up to date on the rapidly evolving market dynamics of new business sectors. On organic growth front, we will maintain our commitment to the continuous optimization of our product metrics with our flagship news app, iPhone, remaining at the core of our service offerings. Moreover, we will actively explore new opportunities through continuous product innovation while also experimenting with new monetization channels. As such, by focusing on these key strategic areas and executing as appropriate, we will be able to capture market share at a larger scale and expand at a faster pace than previously possible. Enabling us to capitalize on more worthwhile opportunities over the long run. In summary, in the third quarter, we maintain our strategic focus on optimizing our flagship news app, expanding our constant verticals, and ensuring the growth of our monetization capabilities. Looking ahead, we expect the new media industry to continue facing pressure throughout the remainder of the year as a result of the current macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties. Nevertheless, our deep technical expertise, premium news content, and potent brand influence will enable us to remain at the forefront of China's new media industry, allowing us to capture those segments of the market with promising growth potential as the world rebounds from the COVID-19 pandemic. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And thank you all for joining our conference call today. Our total revenue in the third quarter of 2020 were R&B 303 million in line with our previous guidance range, and representing a decrease of 10.9% from R&B 339.9 million in the same period of last year. This decrease was primarily due to negative impact of the COVID-19 outbreak and heightened industry competition. I will now provide some additional color on our revenues during the third quarter of 2020. Net advertising revenues in the third quarter of 2020 were R&B 281.3 million, representing a decrease of 10.2% from R&B 303.1 million in the same period of last year. This decrease was primarily attributable to the previous stated reason. Paid services revenues in the third quarter of 2020 decreased by 19% to R&B 21.7 million from R&B 26.8 million in the same period of last year. The revenues from paid content in the third quarter of 2020 decreased by 34.3% to R&B 8.9 million from R&B 13.5 million in the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the tightening of rules and regulations for digital reading in China and in line with the broader market conditions. Loss from operations in the third quarter of 2020 was R&B 28.4 million compared to loss from operations of R&B 60.2 million in the same period of last year. Operating margin in the third quarter of 2020 was negative 9.4% compared to negative 17.7% in the same period of last year. Non-gap loss from operations in the third quarter of 2020 was R&B 26.7 million compared to loss from operations of R&B 36.8 million in the same period of last year. Non-gap operating margin in the third quarter of 2020 was negative 8.8% compared to negative 16.7% in the same period of last year. Net loss from continuing operations attributable to iPhone in the third quarter of 2020 was R&B 0.9 million compared to net loss from continuing operations attributable to iPhone of R&B 50.9 million in the same period of last year. Moving on to our balance sheet as of September 30, 2020. The company's cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, term deposits, short-term investments, and restricted cash were R&B 2.37 billion compared to non-gap net loss from continuing operations attributable to iPhone of R&B 47.5 million in the same period of last year. Finally, I'd like to provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter of 2020. We are forecasting total revenues to be between R&B 332.4 million and R&B 362.4 million. Representing a decrease of 17% to 9.5% year-over-year. For net advertising revenues, we are forecasting between R&B 309.6 million and R&B 309.6 million. Finally, I'd like to provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter of 2020. We are forecasting total revenues to be between R&B 332.4 million and R&B 362.4 million. Representing a decrease of 17% to 9.5% year-over-year. For net advertising revenues, we are forecasting between R&B 309.6 million and R&B 334.6 million. Representing a decrease of 14.7% to 7.9% year-over-year. For paid service revenues, we are forecasting between R&B 22.8 million and R&B 27.8 million. Representing a decrease of 38.8% to 25.4% year-over-year. Looking ahead, we plan to continue focusing on our cost control measures while also remaining prudent in our investment, selecting only those opportunities that are in accordance with our long-term growth plans and delivering authority ROI. While we do expect that the new media industry will continue to face challenges over the short term, we also believe that the industry's long-term growth potential remains robust and that it also will continue to improve as China's economy gradually recovers. Moreover, we believe that our established brand influence, premium content offerings, and cutting-edge technology will continue to position us at the forefront of China's new media industry going forward, enabling us to restart our growth engines as the industry bounces back from the disruptions caused by COVID-19. This concludes the prepared portion of our call. We are now ready for questions. Operator, please go ahead. Thank you, Edward. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and with your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel a request, please press the pound or hash key. Your first question comes from Bin Bin Ding from JP Morgan. Please ask a question. Good morning, management. Thanks for taking my question. My question is on the ad market. So, can you give us an update on the housing market trend in the second half? It seems your ad revenue decline widened in the third quarter and you still mention COVID-19 was still one of the major reasons. So, can you elaborate on that? Also, can management talk about the ad revenue trend by industries? Which are the key categories you've seen some recovery and which industries still face a lot of challenges? Thank you. Morning, Bin Ding. This is Edward speaking. I will answer this question. Actually, in the third quarter, our advertising business was impacted by the recurrence of the epidemic in certain areas of China. As well as the popularity of show form videos and live streaming e-commerce which continued to gain market share during the quarter. As you might know, our brand advertising and performance-based advertising accounted for about 80% and 20% of our total advertising revenues, respectively. Actually, in Q3, our brand advertising revenues increased on a sequential basis. This steady growth was mainly due to the gradual recovery of our offline promotional campaigns and the original IP programs. As more offline activities continue to take place in the remainder of 2020, we expect our brand advertising revenues to achieve double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. However, on the other hand, our performance-based advertising continues to face challenges during the third quarter, mainly due to, I think, the following two factors. First, some of our clients were subject to stricter industry regulations and, therefore, they had to adopt a more conservative ad placement strategy. Secondly, the overall supply of ad inventory in the market exceeded the market's demand, which made raising the eCPMs of performance-based advertising more difficult. By sector, the top five industries covered by our advertising business are auto, eCommerce, FMCG, financial services, and internet services. Those industries, which have traditionally accounted for a substantial portion of our advertising revenues, including auto and Baizhou, were mostly impacted in the first half of the year. However, as the pandemic gradually brought under control in the third quarter, both industries have since recovered significantly. In regards to the auto market, the industry continued to show strong signs of recovery in the period. According to China Passenger Car Association, in September, retail sales of passenger cars increased by about 7.3% year-over-year. Wholesale sales of new energy passenger cars increased by more than 90% year-over-year. As such, we expect the auto sector to continue their recovery in the fourth quarter. The online advertising industry has been underperforming due to the reverse of the epidemic in certain areas of China, as well as this year's geopolitical issues. Show firm video and eCommerce were the only sources of advertising growth in this quarter, while the rest of the industry underperformed. In recognition of the changing market dynamics, we have already established our presence in both the show firm video and eCommerce spaces. The majority of our original content is now produced in the show firm video format. And more than 80% of our brand advertising projects are now show firm video projects, which we are able to monetize through a combination of content production and advertising sales. We are confident that despite facing today's complex and volatile advertising market, our competitive advantages will enable us to continue preparing the growth of our business lines going forward. Binbin, I hope I have answered your question. Yes, it does. Thank you very much, Edward. Thank you. Your next question comes from Carmen Zhang from First Shanghai Securities. Please ask a question. Hi, management. After you receive the second charge of EDS payment, how do you plan to use the additional cash on the company's balance sheet? Are you considering privatization of dividends? Hi, Carmen. This is Shuang. Let me answer your question. As of September 30, 2020, we had cash and the cash equivalents of US$250 million. We also maintain our cash, strong cash flow during the pandemic. It was driven by our effective cost control measures as well as the excellent return that we have achieved in our e-game investment. It showcased our strategic investment experience. As for our existing capital, we plan to use these resources in three key areas. First, we will continue to optimize our product market metrics with our flagship news iPhone, remaining at the core of our service offerings. At the same time, we will also aim to develop more platform-based products, which is capable of meeting the future needs of consumers. We will also explore new business opportunities with both government and enterprise business partners. Secondly, we will actively explore more strategic investment opportunities by evaluating potential investments into those VC funds that are aligned with our business goals. In particular, we will focus on funds with extensive experience in GMT, entertainment, video, luxury consumer products, and other vertical services. It will help to keep us up to date on the very rapidly involving market dynamics of new business actors. Thirdly, we remain committed to creating shareholder value and delivering returns to our shareholders in a variety of ways. Having said that, dividends are certainly one form of giving back to our shareholders that we will consider going forward. This year, we have observed the privatization of some U.S. listed companies as well as registration system reforms in the domestic capital market. We will certainly evaluate our choices due course with our continuing focus on ensuring shareholder rights and maximizing their interests. Right now, we will also be sure to take our own situation and market environment into account. In addition, we will continue to work towards refining our core business and executing our new business initiatives. We are now taking active steps to expand our e-commerce business by upgrading our e-commerce products and building out our own supply chain to further improve the monetization capabilities of our e-commerce business. We hope to share our business progress on this run with everyone as soon as next quarter. Thank you. I hope this answers your question. Thank you. Thank you. Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1. Thank you. Your next question comes from Frank Chen from Macquarie. Please ask a question. Good morning, management. Thank you for taking my question. I have two questions. The first one is that I remember that you mentioned that the company targets narrowed a lot in this year. I think you did quite a good job. And when do we expect to break even looking forward? And the second question is on the advertising. Probably on the advertising price, unifies on brand ads. Can you update us how CPM looks like today compared to last quarter or a year ago? And what direction do you think CPM will go in the future and try to find that? Thank you. Okay. Thanks. This is Shuang. I will answer the first part of the question. Maybe Edwards can add a few more on the other part of the time. Our operating loss for the first nine months of 2020 was RMB 73.8 million, which is much lower than our operating loss of RMB 248 million in the same period of last year. As such, we are now on track to achieve our operating target for the full year. However, due to the impact of the pandemic on our top line performance in 2020, we do not expect break even at operating level this year. As a public company, we fully understand the importance of profitability and we are well aware that maintaining the healthy growth of our core business is the optimal path to long-term profitability. With the continuous optimization of our current strategy and vertical operations, we are confident that we can leverage our existing business trends to not only ensure the growth of our core business but also develop additional growth drivers in such new areas as new e-commerce, product reviews, and original IP programs. Over the long term, we believe that our effective corporate governance structure will enable us to strike a fine balance between growth and profitability. I think you still mentioned the advertising trend going forward next year, right? So maybe Edwards can add a few more words on this. Hi, Frank. This is Edwards speaking. Actually, as I have previously mentioned in Binbin's question, you know, looking forward, the advertising industry is still full of challenges. I think, like, first it depends on the development of the epidemic worldwide, especially in China. We think next year it's getting better, but it's still a question, right? And so in this kind of micro-economic environment, we think that the online advertising industry are still facing challenges, maybe especially in the first half of 2020. And also, the online advertising industry is evolving, and users spend more and more time on platforms like Douyin and QuaiShow, this kind of show from video platforms. So our advertising incomes are still facing pressures, especially for how to make our advertising more costly effective is a big challenge for us. But we, as I also mentioned before, actually we have recognized this kind of changing in market and dynamic, we already put a lot of effort in the short form video and the e-commerce spaces. So next year, there will be challenges, but we also feel very excited and confident. We think we can handle these challenges and make some progress in advertising business. Thank you. Thank you, Frank. Thank you, John. Thank you, John. At work. Thank you, Frank. Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please press star one. There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to hand the conference back to the management. Please continue. Thank you, operator. We have come to the end of our Q&A session in our conference call. Please feel free to contact us if you have any further questions. Thank you for joining us on this call. Have a good day. Thank you all. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.