 Hello and welcome to the 9 month 21 EDPR results call. My name is Courtney and I'll be your coordinator for today's event. Please know that this call is being recorded and for the duration of the call your lines will be on listen only. However you will have the opportunity to ask questions. This can be done by pressing star one on your telephone keypad to register your question. If you require assistance at any time please press star zero and you will be connected to an operator. And I will now hand you over to your host Andre Fernandes, Head of Investor Relations, Planning and Control and Sustainability to begin today's conference. Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you very much for attending EDPR's third quarter 2021 results conference call. We have here with us our CEO Miguel Spielberg-Andrade and our CFO Rui Teixeira who will run you through the key highlights of the business plan execution and of the 9 month results. We'll then move into Q&A in which we will be taking your questions. This call is expected to last around one hour. And I'll now give the floor to our CEO Miguel Silva-Andrade. Thank you Andre. Good afternoon everyone. I hope you're all doing well. It's also a pleasure to be on these calls and be able to not only present what we've been doing but also take your questions afterwards. So anyway today we have a lot to talk about. So I'll get straight into the presentation. We move to slide five and just giving you a broad overview of the business plan execution. First of all in the key pillars of growth. We are ramping up and we have around 2.5 gigawatts added year on year. So this is good progress towards the three gigawatt plus which we were aiming for in the 2021 to 2023 growth targets. So this is actually the largest number of megawatts ever built by EDP renewables in 12 months. And I'd really like to highlight that this shows that there is a successful ramp up of the growth rate and it should give us confidence on the execution of the growth plan. Also today we just announced the acquisition of Sunseep. You will have seen that news I'm sure this morning. I think it establishes a great platform in Asia Pacific. This is a region and I'll talk a little bit about this later on but it's a huge growth potential in the region. So that's something I think that's worth also highlighting obviously. On secure capacity we now have 8.1 gigawatts secured out of which 7.9 gigawatts in 2021 to 2023. So that's around 75 percent of our 2021 to 2023 target. I think good progress there. And we also have visibility on additional 4.1 gigawatts of PPAs in our key markets in which we are either shortlisted or currently under negotiation. So we will hopefully be giving good visibility on the rollout of those PPAs also in the next couple of months. So overall solid ramp up of growth, a good platform for growth in Asia Pacific and also strong execution with short-term visibility on the additional PPAs. On the asset rotation program, so the pillar here in the middle. We continue to see strong market appetite and attractive valuations both for wind and solar. We have the 2.3 billion of asset rotation proceeds. Multiples continue to be very attractive. On average 1.6 million euros per megawatt, 1.7 for wind and 1.2 for solar. So I'll go there in a little bit more detail in a minute. As of September we have 550 million of asset rotation proceeds, overall capital gains of 151 million following the Mayflower earn out of 30 million. So overall we're on track to deliver capital gains above the 300 million euros of guidance that we've given for this year. And we have a couple of transactions which we've already announced but which we're hoping to close over the next couple of weeks or months, but hopefully at least one or two by the end of the year. On excellence, which is the third pillar. So for the nine months to date, EDP renewables has achieved 28% load factor. This is down 0.6% year on year, but it still reflects 95% of the expected gross capacity factor. We have had a bad year in terms of wind. I mean low resource, particularly in the U.S. and Spain. And I think that's something that we've talked about in previous quarters and the third quarter was no exception. Regarding operations, we continue with a strong performance with core OPEX per megawatt decreasing 3% year on year. And on the technical side, we continue to deliver a good availability of 97%, so slightly above year on year. So in terms of operations, I think good performance there. On ESG, execution is well on track for the business plan targets. We have already most of the initiatives already in progress under the Changing Tomorrow Now program. And finally, I mean just on a note, it's not here on the slide, but we have an EBITDA of 917 million euros, net income of around 150 million, 148 million. This is mostly impacted by the lower capital gains year on year. The first quarter one-off ERCOT event and lower generation or lower wind in the U.S. and Spain. I think that's something we have to recognize. So it hasn't been a great year from a wind resource perspective. And overall, the high pool prices in the third quarter have also introduced some pressure on the hedges. In Spain in particular, the EBITDA is 40 to 45 million below expectation in the nine months, 30 million of which is from low wind, especially in the second and third quarter, which is below the P50. And then you have around 10 to 15 million from the financial hedges in the third quarter, given the high prices combined with low generation. So I'll go through this in more detail and we will also elaborate more on this. Anyway, let's move forward to slide six. So here, on the growth platform for Asia-Pacific that we and the Sunseed transaction we announced today. So as you know, we had 20 gigawatts of additions until 2025 set out in the strategic plan. 1.4 gigawatts we outlined or highlighted will come from new markets. These new geographies do bring us optionality. They bring diversification to our portfolio. And so the expansion into Asia-Pacific was something we'd been working on now for a while. So I think today's news is certainly good news. We move to slide seven, just talking a little bit about the overall Asia-Pacific market. It's one of the largest renewables markets globally. It has strong growth expectations, especially in solar. We're talking about 120 gigawatts per year in terms of growth. So it's a massive market. And at EGP Renewables, we really felt it was important to tap this opportunity and have a foothold and then... Please stand by whilst we reestablish the connection with our speakers. Thank you for your patience. Thank you for your patience. Thank you for your patience. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your patience. Please stand by whilst we re-establish the connection with your hosts. Thank you. Thank you for your patience. The connection has been re-established. Speakers, please continue. Okay. So, sorry for the technical difficulties. I mean, I think this is the first. I'm told that we somehow got disconnected around Site 7, so I'll resume on Site 7. Hopefully, you haven't heard from that before. So, I'll just go back to Site 7 and talk about Asia Pacific. So, this is really one of the largest markets globally. And, you know, some key numbers, which I think are worth highlighting, 120 gigawatts per year market. So, it's really a massive market, 55% of the global growth in renewables, and solar represents 65% of this growth in Asia Pacific. Also, something which I'm sure everyone will be familiar with, which is, I mean, this is highly populated, densely populated region, so it's over 4 billion people and over 50% of the global power demand. And, finally, just to say that countries like China, Japan, South Korea, they've all committed to net zero emissions by 2050 or 2060, and so there does seem to also be a general trend towards decarbonization in the region and promoting renewables. And so, just a final message on this slide. If we are serious about reaching net zero by 2050 and there is a broad consensus around this, then all regions and all countries will need to contribute to this target. And so, we want to make sure that EDP renewables is positioned in the long run to take advantage of this opportunity. So, I think I'd just like to highlight this in relation to this region, which is obviously, I think, key to making us global. And that's exactly the topic of the next slide. So, side date, with this platform, we now become truly global. So, we already had a very strong platform in the U.S., a very strong platform in Europe. We have a good platform in Latin America with Brazil, Chile, Colombia, and now we set up this platform also in Asia-Pacific. So, we think that Sunseep's team is very complementary to EDPR, both geographically and technologically. You know, their footprint, solar pipeline, together with our scale and our capabilities, the fact that we have, for example, wind that we can also bring to the table, that means that we believe we will be able to build out the platform and accelerate the growth in the region. So, now, having, once we complete the acquisition, we will be present in 25 markets, representing 75% of global growth over the next decade. So, that's, you know, we'll have a very strong representation in all of the key markets. Moving to slide nine, and a specific comment on Sunseep. So, it is a solar-focused platform. It is based out of Singapore, present in nine markets, 550 megawatts of operating and under-construction assets, most of these in Singapore with a very low-risk profile. As you know, Singapore's AAA rating. Sunseep is also present in Vietnam, where EDPR is also present, so we'll be able to integrate our positions there. Very young assets, below two years, 20-year contracted revenues, so 76% of that PPAs and 24% regulated, at an average price of 75 euros per megawatt hour. So, low-risk, stable, long-term cash flows, completely aligned with the EDPR strategy. Also, they bring very strong client relationships and a track record. The off-takers include some of the EDPR clients in Europe and in the U.S. So, companies like Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple. So, solar distributed generation represents around 70% of the operating and under-construction portfolio, and it's a key technology, obviously, to grow in Asia-Pacific. Going forward, utility scale will also play a key and increasingly relevant role. So, Sunseep brings a strong footprint in Asia-Pacific, a great track record over 10 years of successfully developing the business there. It's got a fantastic management team with a lot of local knowledge, over 400 employees and growing, given the growth of the market. So, that will facilitate the local culture, know-how, and also the long-term buildup of relationships. So, I think they have a great reputation in the region, and I think that gives us a lot of confidence to leverage on that and accelerate growth. So, also, very importantly, and moving to slide 10, Sunseep has a great pipeline. So, overall, the portfolio is around 5.5 gigawatts. So, on top of the 550 megawatts of operating and under-construction, there are 130 megawatts of contracted capacity, so almost 700 megawatts of secured capacity. And we have a pipeline of almost 5 gigawatts in different stages of development, so around 2 gigawatts of advanced stage and 2.8 gigawatts of early stage. Future growth will have, obviously, more geographic diversification and also higher exposure to solar utility scale going forward. Moving on to slide 11, I'm talking just a little bit about valuations and stakes. So, we are leveraging our capabilities to really accelerate the growth and the value creation in Asia-Pacific through Sunseep. The way we see it, it's putting the business on steroids and really leveraging it up. We will have an 87% stake. This may actually increase to around 91%. Sunseep has, as I mentioned, a great management team. So, the founders will stay invested with around 6.5% and with their incentives fully aligned with the growth and the profitability of the business. So, I think this is the key point to make sure that we have a smooth transition and we really bring the local experience and the new culture to EDPR. Obviously, they have a great knowledge of the markets and the development in the Asia-Pacific markets. And so, we want to make sure that we are able to merge the companies well and really leverage on Sunseep to take it even further and make it grow even faster. Together with the founders and the management, we will have around 94%. That may actually increase to 98%. In terms of valuation, so, the implied price we are paying is around 870 million euros. Breaking this down, I'd say that there's one block, which is CAPEX. So, implicit in the 550 megawatts, since it's mostly solar distributed generation, it has an average CAPEX per megawatt AC. So, this is important to stress. This is AC, not DC, of around 1 million euros. We have the value creation associated with the operating and the construction assets together with the secured capacity. So, a total of 700 megawatts. And I'm sure you can come up with an NPV per megawatt reference for this bucket. I just reemphasize that these assets are very young. They have 20-year contracted revenues at an average price of 75 years per megawatt hour. And, finally, there's a pipeline and a platform, and we believe we'll be creating significant value from the existing pipeline. And we'll be able to leverage the Sunteam model. So, with strong development capabilities in this footprint in nine markets to really deliver the growth going forward. Overall, for ADPR, it really opens up a new region of the world where we didn't have a significant presence. And we think that this, together, in terms of solar, together with what we can bring in wind, will really mean that we can ramp up this platform, as I say, in the Asia-Pacific region. Okay. So, that's Sunteam. I'd just like to now talk you through some of the other key metrics for the business. If we move to slide 12, we have around 8 gigawatts secured, 8.1 gigawatts secured. So, it's up 2.7 gigawatts year-to-date. And I think that shows the origination capabilities and also the competitive projects that we are able to bring. If we zoom in just on 2021 to 23, as I mentioned earlier, we'll have around 7.9 gigawatts secured already until 23. So, that's around 75%. We continue to have a disciplined investment approach. And so, I think attractive returns, low-risk profile, contracted NPV of around 60%. So, we continue to see those metrics across the different projects that we are investing in. And so, overall, strong visibility on the 2021 to 23 timeframe and also solid risk return profile. So, we move to slide 13. And this is something we've talked about previously, but just to give you an update on this. So, we continue to be protected from CapEx cost inflation, as we've discussed on previous calls. And we have limited exposure on 10% of our secure capacity. For new projects, we are seeing the PPA market and the auctions adjusting to the sector-wide increase in CapEx. So, from that perspective, it's not hindering our competitiveness when bidding for new projects. And the return thresholds are being preserved. So, just to give you a specific example, for example, if we look at the Spanish auction now in October, you'll have seen that the average price of the auction went up. That has to do, we believe, with adjustment also to the new CapEx expectations. We are also seeing that when we are doing bilateral discussions on PPAs, where we are seeing those prices feeding through into new PPA prices, revised PPA prices on the discussion and being accepted by clients. In relation to the supply chain, we have a strong position. We have a privileged relationship, I'd say, with the suppliers. And so, we continue to monitor and to manage any disruptions that might happen to the supply chain. In relation to wind, we feel comfortable. There doesn't seem to be any material issue with our project in the short and the medium term. In solar, it's something we're monitoring more closely, obviously, to make sure that any disruptions are dealt with quickly and that we can manage that in the context of our development and construction. If we move to slide 14, in terms of pipeline, we continue to ramp up. We have good short-term visibility on growth. I wanted to highlight that 60% of the current secure capacity has been secured through PPAs. So, that's a market where we continue to be very active. And we actually expect it to increase even more over the coming years. So, as I mentioned earlier, 4.1 gigawatts of PPAs under negotiation and shortlisted, which we hope will provide short-term visibility on additional capacity. Slide 15, on offshore, ocean winds continues to grow, so operating capacity now 1.5 gigawatts in 2022, expected to reach 3.4 gigawatts by 2025. Moray East finalized construction. I had the pleasure of being up in Scotland a couple of weeks ago just to inaugurate the O&M Center in Fraserburgh. We're moving ahead also with some other projects in Scotland, so the Moray West. We also expect to give visibility on that soon. We have several other projects that we are continuing to develop, Poland, U.S., South Korea. We are participating in the RFP in Massachusetts for Mayflower. Hopefully, we'll have visibility on that soon. And also, in relation to Scotland, we'll also have visibility on that soon. So, we have a good, strong presence in Scotland. So, let's wait and see what comes out of that auction. Slide 16, just a quick comment here on asset rotation. You'll have seen most of these numbers. So, just very quickly, $2.3 billion of proceeds, 30% of the $8 billion target for the full five-year plan. We're overall very happy with the multiples achieved in the execution. Within the third quarter, we upsized the U.S. transaction to 80%, and we also signed the Polish transaction. So, clearly, we are on track to deliver capital gains north of $300 million in 2021. The actual value will depend on the timing of the regulatory approvals and the closing of each transaction. So, all in all, execution on the asset rotation going well. We continue to see strong appetite from investors. And so, now, our efforts are totally on the regulatory approval side to make sure that we can get at least some of these over the line here by the end of 2021. Slide 17, a quick note on ESG. So, circular economy and biodiversity, we have been promoting a lot of the waste recovery and the operational phase for a while. So, extending our best practices now to the rest of the value chain. Repowering, although it's still not very material, EDPR is focused on tackling the repowering wave that we expect post-2025, especially in Spain, Portugal, and the U.S. So, far, we've done – we've repowered two wind farms in Spain, and we are repowering another one in the U.S. In the two sites that we repowered in Spain, more – most of the waste generated was recovered, so almost 95%. In this respect, we are participating also in some blade recycling projects in Spain, the U.S., and also in Portugal. And, you know, 100% of the area impacted during the repowering processes in Spain were fully restored. In relation to communities, we are obviously – want to make sure that we work with the local communities so that we are able to keep the alignment with our core business and make sure that, you know, we are able to develop our projects in harmony with the local communities. In terms of people, we are aiming to achieve 36% female employees. Currently, we're at 32%, but 37% of our new hires are all women, which I think contributes well to achieving our goal. So, definitely looking out for equality of opportunities there. And lastly, just in relation to the sustainable suppliers goal, what we've been asking our core business suppliers is basically in terms of health and safety, environmental, environmental, ethical criteria to be totally aligned with us. So, it's not just a question of EDPR having certain goals and targets. It's also making sure that that extends to our suppliers, at least our key suppliers. And with this business plan, as you know, we have the idea of going one step further by making sure that we have these ESG goals totally aligned with the suppliers. So, I'll stop here, and I'll turn it over to Hui to walk you through the nine-month results, and then come back at the end for closing remarks. Thank you. Thank you, Miguel. Good afternoon to you all. So, let's move on to the nine-month results. So, on slide 19, our financial performance year-on-year has been, as you know, mostly impacted by, on one hand, lower capital gains, the one-off haircut event in Q1, and also the lower generation that we have been observing in U.S. and Spain. So, we achieved the 917 million euros EBITDA and 148 million euros net profit in these first nine months. That's on the back of the generating 21.0-watt hours of clean energy. That's a 5% yield, so that's 122 million at the net profit. So, on top of the 100 million gain on the U.S. asset rotation, we have also some positive price adjustments from 2020 transactions in offshore and in this rosewater build and transfer project, along with 30 million euros earn-out from Mayflower. Below EBITDA, we continue to improve our average cost of debt, 3.4 percent versus 3.5 percent, so that's a reduction of about 0.2 percentual points year-on-year. In the U.S., our top line is impacted by the Q1 one-off haircut event. We extensively discussed this in the first quarter, but also by the fact that we are below the average resource. For the period, we also have a weak wind resource in Spain as well. And let me just, you know, highlight here some impact that we have in Spain that, of course, are hitting us in the nine-month result. So, overall, Spain is about 40 to 45 million euros below our expectation for the nine-month 2021. Out of these, around 30 million are from low wind, and that's particularly in the Q2 and Q3, where we have, you know, we are below the 90 percent of our P50. And about 10 to 15 million euros from financial hedges in Q3, given the high prices and the low generation. Just to give you an expected full-year result from this impact, with the P50 in terms of wind for the fourth quarter, is around 25 million euros. So, I think it's also worth highlighting that, given PUL only went above the 60 euros per megawatt hour in July, the regulatory adjustment that is booked in the Q3 concentrates the regulatory adjustment for the full nine-month 2021. So, there is a concentration to technicality, but there is a concentration here in the Q3. So, just, you know, a snapshot in the balance sheet, net debt decrease year-to-date to 3.32 billion euros. This is, of course, on the back of the 1.5 billion capital increase, around 240 million asset rotation, so the equity proceeds from that. And around 0.6 billion of the tax equity, which is already booked for the U.S. project, and, of course, it impacts the net debt reduction. I think it's important now that if we move to the operational side, so if we move to slide 20, highlighting that, you know, we added 2.5 gigas of wind and solar capacity year-on-year. This is the highest capacity ever installed by EDPR in a 12-month period. I think it is demonstrating how we are ramping up the business and the growth rate. In addition to that, we have 2.7 gigas, which are under construction. So, I think these, you know, these are numbers that, you know, speak from themselves in terms of the ramping up of the growth profile at EDPR. Year-on-year, we successfully completed one gigawatt net of asset rotation deals. That's in Spain and in the U.S. So, we ended the period with a 13-giga portfolio by the end of September 2021, and a really balanced mix across the main platform. So, North America, 55 percent, Europe, around 40 percent, and the rest of the world, Brazil, 5 percent, and, you know, just still a minority position in the rest of the world here, just considering Vietnam. So, we're not yet incorporating the acquisition that Miguel referred to in APAC. Our load factor achieved 28 percent in this nine months. It is a recovery in Iberia and Brazil. Naturally, this is offset by the one-off ERCOT event, and across this period, a low resource in the U.S. Technical availability at good levels, 97 percent. That's slightly above this number for last year. Electricity output increased 5 percent year-on-year. So, this, of course, benefits from the capacity emissions. Naturally, this is offset by the lower resource. So, we generate 21.5 terawatt-hours of clean energy. So, we can say that we have avoided 13 million tons of CO2 emissions. Operations in North America, Europe, and Brazil generated, respectively, around 58 percent to 37 percent and 6 percent of the total input. On page 21, looking into the revenues, we have a reduction vis-à-vis last year. So, the 5 percent reduction, of course, this is due to sell-downs. So, if you were to see this on a like-for-like basis, we would be plus 2 percent versus nine months, 2020, but also driven by the lower average price, about 51 euros per megawatt hour, and some unfavorable effects, which, as I said before, is also partly offset by some new capacity. In Europe, the average price decreased 10 percent to 74 euros. That's, of course, driven to Spain, the asset mix, not only the asset mix from the 2020 asset rotation deal, but also the impact of the regulatory and financial hedges in the context of very high pool prices. In Portugal, the tariff extension and the new additions. In the rest of Europe, we actually observed an 11 percent increase in terms of the average revenue price or price increase that, of course, offsets these reductions in Spain and Portugal. In North America, the average price increased by 1 percent with higher merchant prices that were offset by the haircut event in Q1. In Brazil, the average price was up by 9 percent, 239 reals, Brazil and reals, and this, of course, back on the fact that we have – we're exposed to higher merchant prices and also, you know, devolution in terms of capacity. Revenues totaled 1.3 billion with impact from the sell-down, so that's a reduction of 92 million year-on-year. Lower average prices, so that's minus 27 million year-on-year if we exclude sell-down. And some forex translation, as I mentioned in the beginning, and others, that account for about 54 million reduction versus last year, which, of course, they are not offset by the capacity additions that contribute to around 180 million year-on-year. So, like-for-like, as I said before, if we were to adjust for the sell-downs, we would have an increased revenues in EDPR by 2 percent year-on-year. On the OPEX, moving to the next slide, naturally, you know, we keep a very, you know, focus, you know, in terms of excellence of the operations. So, core OPEX per average megawatt is up only by 1 percent year-on-year. So, actually, this is a minus 3 percent if adjusted on the back of our O&M strategy. And, of course, as you know, we have been front-loading the company in terms of resources to meet the business plan growth. Overall, you know, this leads us to have an EBITDA of 917 million euros. Of course, this is driven not only by the top-line performance, lower capital gains year-on-year. And in terms of the geographical mix, you know, pretty much a 50-50 contribution from North America and Europe to EDPR results on a consolidated basis. On the net profit, we ended up the period with 148 million euros, again, on the back of the top-line performance. The financials have improved on the financials, as I said in the beginning, we have improved our cost of debt to 3.4 percent. So, that's a reduction 0.2 percentual points versus last year. Again, I would like to emphasize that on the P&L tax has a negative impact if you are near, but the bulk of this is non-cash, and cash taxes are neutral when you compare it to the nine-month results 2020. So, on the next slide, in terms of debt, net debt and tax equity increased 191 million euros. Of course, you know, the asset rotation proceeds and capital increase, they have offset or funded the growth acceleration. So, by September, we actually have debt approximately 100 million lower versus the 31st of December last year. And, you know, almost 90 percent of the 3.3 billion net debt is at the fixed interest rate. So, as you know, it's part of our risk profile. Tax equity increased to 1.4 billion, naturally following the 0.6 billion of tax equity proceeds that we announced recently. But also offset by the deconsolization of the tax equity associated with the U.S. asset rotation deal in June. And just also to finalize, focusing on the period ESG on this slide 25. So, starting by the environmental performance, as I said before, we avoided 13 million tons of CO2 emissions. So, we are effectively contributing to this global challenge of reaching a net zero. The company's emissions represent only about 0.2 percent of the avoided ones. In terms of circularity, we are maintaining our recovery ratios aligned with previous years. Continuously working, naturally, to improve on those. In biodiversity, no significant spills, no significant fires. We have 56 near misses. And year-on-year, I mean, the variation is pretty much aligned with the company growth. Social dimension. As Miguel said, we have surpassed 2,000 employees. So, that's a 23 percent increase year-on-year. And, actually, you know, moving towards our diversity goal, with the percentage of female employees increasing to 32 percent. Regarding health and safety, there was an average of 1.7 work-related accidents per million worked hours, 64 lost workdays per million worked hours, which is in line year-on-year. Unfortunately, we have some severe accidents, severe accidents, that are impacting, naturally, the business. And, you know, we have been dedicating a significant amount of time to improve the health and safety across the different operations and construction sites. So, learning from these lessons, unfortunately. And just a final note regarding communities. EDPR maintained its 5 million euros cumulative investment in access to energy. We reached 1.1 million euros in social investment. So, that's slightly lower year-on-year, naturally, given the COVID-19 response plan that we implemented last year within our local communities. And, with this, I would hand back to Miguel for his closing remarks. Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Rui. So, just to finalize the presentation, just a couple of words on the overall environment and also on the outlook for renewables. First, and if we move to slide 27, we continue to see an environment, a policy environment, if you want, which is highly supportive of the energy transition. I mean, we have the recent news flow from COP26, which I'm sure you're following, now taking place in Glasgow. And, I think it just comes to show sort of the need to really elevate the global commitments and also different measures that the various different countries and political leaders and companies are taking to fight climate change. So, clearly, this fight for climate change requires strong fundamentals. It will have an unprecedented growth in renewables, which I think it's an interesting document. I'm sure you've read, highlighted by the International Energy Agency's World Energy Outlook, which was just recently released now in mid-October. In states that to limit global warming to one and a half degrees, it would require an annual global clean energy investment to $4 trillion by 2030. So, four times as much as the $1 trillion, which was invested in 2020. I mean, these are absolutely staggering values. And, I mean, even a fraction of this would be a significant increase versus what we are seeing today. And I believe there is obviously a political rule by a lot of different countries to move in that direction. In Europe, in particular, which has been a champion of climate change, the European Commission's toolbox to tackle the increase in energy costs, which has been obviously a big issue on the agenda recently. It's very much to reinforce the need to deploy renewables. Clearly, we need to also have energy efficiency solutions. We need to continue to build out grids across the continent. There will be the need to deploy 750 billion euros from the European Next Generation Fund. So, and that's a process we expect will now be moving to the stage of application of projects at the national level and hopefully we'll have more visibility during 2022. But, I mean, bottom line is the European Commission has been very aggressive and I think very consistent in its fight for climate change in supporting the need for deploying renewables and electrifying the economy and so forth. In relation to the US, I mean, clearly, I'm sure we've all been watching closely the Build Back Better framework package, which has been in discussion. So, as you know, there was already one package which had been approved, the infrastructure bill, which was, I'd say they were tying it to the second package as well. It's currently estimated at around $1.8 trillion, the Build Back Better bill. It includes the long-term visibility of the fiscal incentives for clean energy investments, so the PTCs and the ITCs, potentially extending those. And it gives a tax credit total amount of $320 billion to support the renewables in the medium term. So, clearly, the US, it seems to be taking some good steps. Hopefully, in the very, very short term, the next couple of days, hopefully no more than a couple of weeks, there will be visibility on closing that. And, as you know, it's been something which has been around for a while, but it seems that people are quite optimistic about this. In terms of key takeaways, so slide 28 and then just before moving on to Q&A. So, first, we really are going global now. I mean, we were already a global company, but now present in 25 markets, which exposes the company to 75% of worldwide growth in renewables until 2030. So, I think this is a very significant step that we're taking. This growth platform in Asia-Pacific basically will leverage on Sunseep. So, as I say, an established platform, fully consistent with our portfolio. So, it's got a low-risk, long-term contracted profile, which is very similar to or something that we like very much. EDP renewables ramping up the growth, 2.5 gigawatts added year on year, 2.7 gigawatts under construction, so getting closer to the 3 gigawatts target per year. And we now have over 8 gigawatts secured with good returns and risk profile. And so, that's a 75% of the target until 2023. Asset rotation, I've talked about very solid and good. Financials have been impacted in this third quarter, the nine months to date, by the lower capital gains year on year, lower generation U.S. and Spain. But we believe that the attractive asset rotation deals that we've done will allow us to close the gap over the next couple of months. So, I think there is a need to look through the short-term pressure and really think about the underlying potential and growth of EDP renewables, which is absolutely fantastic. So, the growth outlook continues to be very strong. We see it very strongly. EDP renewables is extremely well positioned to capture it globally now in all the different platforms. And so, I'd just really like to reiterate, I mean, on behalf of the team, clearly very enthusiastic about the growth prospects for the business in the different regions, and now looking forward to also tackle the growth opportunity in Asia-Pacific. So, clearly focused on the U.S. and Europe, Latin America, and now this additional region. So, focused on the plan, focused on delivering the megawatts and the numbers, and now happy to turn it over to Q&A. So, Andrea. Thank you. Thank you, Miguel. So, we can move now to Q&A. Thank you. As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question on today's call, so please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. Please ensure your line is unmuted locally, and you will be advised when to ask your question. If you change your mind and wish to withdraw your question, please press star 2. So, as a reminder, that was star 1 on your telephone keypad if you would like to ask a question. And our first question comes in from the line of Alberto Gandolfi, calling from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is to go back a little bit on slide 13. You basically said that you're insulated from any cost inflation. So, I just wanted to confirm, can you maybe, again, specify on a time horizon basis, you know, do you think you are protected on cost inflation until the beginning of 2023, Q1, Q2, end of 2022? If you can give us some ideas. And any disruption from the supply chain you're seeing, shipping, freight, any delays that might derive from that. The second question is on the M&A transaction you announced today. May I just ask, in terms of financing, you believe that the balance sheet is okay? You believe that just asset rotations would be sufficient or any other ways of financing we should be thinking about here? And the last question, a bit provocative, so apologies in advance if it doesn't come out properly right, but you could argue that there isn't much net income that the company is generating for the first nine months of the year. So, can I ask you how you explain that? Is it because you're really, besides the load factor that were well below average, but you can argue that the capital gains you booked offsets losses from Texas? So, point would be, is it just because you think you're ramping up capacity, you're putting so much upfront costs, and then revenues will gradually keep growing with inflation in most jurisdictions? Is it an increase in DEVEX because you're accelerating construction? Or how should we think about that and the evolution of net income in the next three, four, five years? Thank you so much. Hi, Alberto. So, good questions. In relation to the first question, so the cost inflation, yes, I mean, we are insulated, in fact, for the project that we have in the short term. We not only have, in many cases, the actual turbines and the solar panels delivered, and we're sort of the ones that are under construction. We have a high degree of confidence and, let's say, visibility on that. In relation to things which are further out, and I believe you mentioned sort of 2023, I mean, in those cases, what we're doing, to the extent that we haven't yet closed those projects, we will be feeding that through into the PPA. As I mentioned, in terms of wind turbines, we also have good visibility, we have no indication, to the contrary, that we would not be able to get access to the turbines that are being contracted. And so, that's something which, you know, even recently, we're talking to the teams, I think we have privileged relationship with the different suppliers. And so, that's something, again, that, you know, we don't expect any, certainly not any material, nothing that would be sort of out of usual delays or disruptions there. I think in relation to solar, it is maybe a slightly different story. So, in the short term, again, we have the visibility. In many cases, we already have the panels actually in our possession, and so there's no issue there. In the medium term, we are obviously monitoring the supply chain carefully and talking to the suppliers almost on a daily basis to really understand if there are any issues. So far, you know, I mean, the issues that have been highlighted have been delays, which could be, let's say, a month. That's sort of the type of timeframe, which is really not material in the context. So, even if it slipped a quarter from one to the other, in terms of profitability, we don't see that as an issue. But there is a degree of uncertainty in the market at the moment, and so we are working very closely with the suppliers to make sure that we have that, you know, we are able to close that timing so that we have better visibility on that. But again, I'd say on wind, certainly there's no issue there. In terms of solar, it's just a lack of visibility, which we are working through, but so far we have not had any material, let's say, indication that we would be out of, not able to comply with the targets. M&A transaction, definitely, you know, will be done on balance sheet. I think we have space for that. I mean, this is a transaction which brings also some operational megawatts with good profitability and also a good pipeline. So, we would be deploying CAPEX in any case in the region. And so, in that extent, you know, we are not expecting to do anything different, you know, from what we would normally do. So, it would fit within the normal, let's say, structure of balance sheet that we would be assuming for the next couple of years. And if you want to know who we can also comment a bit in more detail on that. But in relation to net income, I mean, this year, obviously, there have been, you know, as I mentioned earlier, there have been some issues which have impacted us. So, it's not been a great year. We have had much lower wind generation. So, that is certainly something which has impacted the year. We've had some one-offs like ERCOT, which, again, obviously not, you know, impacted us earlier this year. And also, in terms of some of the hedges in terms of Spain, I think, you know, we addressed that as well. Although, that's, let's say, more residual. So, really, the key thing has been the wind generation. I mean, obviously, we are ramping up growth. And so, ramping up growth means that we ramp up DEVEX. We ramp up some of the growth costs. But I think that's, let's say, built into the numbers over the, certainly over the medium term. So, that's, let's say, the guidance I could probably give you on that. But, anyway, we can come back to that again if you want any more detail on that. Very clear. Thank you. The next question comes in from the line of Manuel Palomo, calling from Exan, BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. Hello. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I've got a follow-up on the transaction. I understand that today's announced transaction is not just a simple acquisition of assets. But could you please give us some additional information, caller, about the transaction in terms of operational data, I mean, in terms of the expected EBITDA net profit, maybe, for the year 2022? And also, if you could give us a bit of the detail on those 540 megawatts in operation and under construction, how much is in operation, how much is under construction. And my second question is related to Spain. I've seen that there's been a significant decline in the average selling price in the country from 80.3 to 58.5. So, I would ask for a bit of color on the granularity on the different components for this decline in the price given the high wholesale prices that we're seeing. And also, I wanted to ask you a bit about your hedging policies for the coming year or years in Spain. One question would be if you have contracted volumes in Spain that could put you at risk in case that the resource continues to be weak. And the other question is whether you'd give us an expectation in terms of volumes that are already hedged and also prices at which you have hedged those volumes. Thank you very much. Thanks, Manel. So, in relation to the first question, I mean, some additional color I can probably provide for 2022 is that the expected EBITDA contribution would be around 50 million euros for 2022. 2022, and we expect that to grow at around 25% CAGR over the next couple of years. So, there would be north of 100 million certainly by 2025. And hopefully, well, I'd say that. So, in terms of, let's say, financials. And we don't go down to the net income level. So, in terms of megawatts, so I'd say that talking AC operating end of the year, you'd probably be expecting to have around 430 megawatts. The rest would be coming in early next year. So, probably another 200 plus coming in in 22 AC. And hopefully more than that. But I'd say, let's say, well, on the conservative side, that would be it. So, that's probably some of the color I can give at this stage in terms of the transaction. In terms of timing of closing, you know, it is subject to regulatory approval. So, we will have to go through that still before we can actually step into the company. So, what we've done is just signed, obviously, the SPAs. And we expect that would happen. Let's say the most optimistic scenario would still be this year. But given COVID, et cetera, maybe early next year. So, in terms of actual closing of the transaction. In relation to questions two and three, Roy, I can probably pass it on to Roy. Thank you. Thank you, Miguel. I'm a little. So, regarding Spain. So, maybe I think it's better if I just split this in three building blocks. So, let's start by the actual pre-hedging. So, we have about 2.5 terawatt hours, you know, generation, which is under the regulated framework. And that, on average, we have a price of 76.5 euros per megawatt hour. Then we have about one terawatt hour. So, that's merchant, those, that capacity, which is under a merchant, you know, on a merchant basis, outside the regulatory framework. And that was sold at an average price of 67 euros per megawatt hour. I mean, this includes the pool price, you know, the WAF, so the wind adjustment factor, and so on and so forth. So, you know, if you build these two together, you get to an average price of around 74 euros per megawatt hour. Again, this is pre-hedging, okay? Now, the second part of this is that, as you know, we have a hedging strategy to mitigate, you know, volatility and ensure that we have a low risk profile. So, you know, before the year started, we had already approximately, or as the year was starting, we had approximately 2.2 terawatt hours of energy sold forward at 53.5 euros per megawatt hour. So, basically, when you combine these two, plus the fact that you have a lower wind resource this year in Spain, basically, you get down to an average price of the 58.5 euros that we were reporting and that you were referring to. Again, the combination, or this is the result of the combination of, in one hand, the fact that once we have the hedge in place, then, I mean, if there is any delta towards the regulatory hedge, I mean, that will be impacting the books and impacting the books. And, secondly, because there is a part of this hedging that we had a shortfall in terms of volume, and, therefore, we were not able to generate the required power and, basically, had to buy it at the higher market prices. So, it's the combination of these two factors, you know, what is the actual pre-hedging plus the hedging that yields this 58.5 euros per megawatt hour. As we move forward to 2022, we may be here to comment. So, we have approximately 70% of our capacity or generation hedged for 2022. That's an average price of 50 euros per megawatt hour. As you know, I mean, there has been, there is now a discussion in terms of regulatory, you know, some potential regulatory change impacting the 2022, which, you know, the government is discussing this with different renewables associations. So, this is something that we have to wait and see what is the outcome of that discussion and to what extent it could potentially impact the hedging strategy towards 2022. I mean, if nothing changes, as I said, I mean, we have about 70%, that's around 2.2 terawatt hours also hedged for 2022 for the year. Thank you. The next question comes in from the line of Jenny Ping, Quong Crump City. Please go ahead. Hi. Thank you very much. I have two questions, please. Just going back to the point around supply chain, we've just heard on the Olstead Corps about solar panel delays in the U.S. and Vestas obviously reported today and they highlighted some of the delays around onshore wind. Two out of three orders are being pushed back. I understand you say that you've got very strong relationships, but I just wondered whether you can elaborate a little bit more around that. Do you have existing sort of contracts in place to effectively mitigate any or claw back any loss earnings on the back of any delays in some of these supply chain issues, which may come through end of this year, next year, just really trying to understand where your strong relationships, how that manifests itself. And then secondly, on Sunseep, Manuel's already asked quite a bit of the details. I just wondered whether you can give the debt number, the net debt number that you'll be taking on. And then very lastly, and apologies for a newbie question, but when I look at Equinor, when I look at Olstead, all of these companies are now starting to report, at least give guidance around their EBITDA X gains. And I just wondered to hear what your latest thoughts on that in terms of your views and including the gains in EBITDA. Thank you very much. Thank you. So taking the first question on the supply chain, I mean, first of all, we have contracts, obviously, for everything that is under construction and that we have secured. And so to that extent, you know, those contracts typically have clauses, which in the case of delays or significant delays, there are penalties associated with that. And, you know, that's I don't think in anyone's interest that there would be those delays. We have these long-term relationships. I mean, we've been in this business now for, you know, almost two decades. If we're not the number one customer investors, we are probably be close, depending maybe on the year. So I think in relation to that, we, you know, obviously we work with them and, you know, try to have the best terms possible, but we also have the contract in place, and we will obviously enforce those. And as I mentioned earlier, you know, we have had no indication that there would be any delays on the project that we already have on the construction or that we are, let's say, developing over the next year or so. In relation to solar panels, I mean, there it's not so much a question of, let's say, well, I'm sorry, in relation to pricing as well. I mean, obviously that's already built into the contract, so when we lock in the CAPEX, we're also locking in the pricing. And so to the extent that it's closed, it's closed. If, for example, we are still in the process of an RFP or a tender or something, and there is an increase in the CAPEX estimate, then we will feed that through into the higher PPA prices or the auction prices. And so that's why I gave the example of Spain, where you saw an increase in the tender prices, and also in some of the PPAs that we are currently negotiating, where we've gone back to the customers with higher PPA prices. And since it's a general sector-wide thing, that's been accepted. So I'd say that that's the visibility that we have. In relation to solar, as I say, again, we have good long-term relationships with suppliers like Longy, Boviet, which are, let's say, some of the top suppliers globally. You know, to the extent that there is issues on pricing, and there have been, we're also feeding that through into increased PPAs. In any case, when we talk about increases in PPAs, we're talking about maybe $2, 2 euros per megawatt hour. I mean, that's the sort of size of the delta that we see in some cases. In terms of actual timing, as I say, there, there's some uncertainty. So we have had no indication that there will be any material delays. But in any case, it is something that we're following closely. So obviously, we know that there have been issues in the supply chain further upstream. And so, I mean, we're continuing to monitor the situation. But I don't have any specific, let's say, guidance to give you on that. Apart from that, it seems to be manageable within the current context or within the current, let's say, estimates that we had given out to the market. In terms of net – sorry. So hopefully that answers the question or it's giving you a little bit more color on the question. No, that's perfect. Thanks. Yep. In terms of the net debt for Sunseep, so it's around $200 million. So I think we've given enterprise value $870 million, equity value around $600 and something million. And so I think that's the – you know, the delta would be around $200 million. What we have said, however, is since that there are – some of these projects are under construction, over the next couple of months or sort of by the end of the year, probably the enterprise value would be closer to a billion. Because of the additional CAPEX that will be in place. So let's say breaking it down into very specific numbers, EV 870 as of date of signing, equity value 690, net debt 180. And as I say, but the enterprise value will be closer to a billion by the end of the year, which is probably when we would do the closing. In terms of guidance, I mean, to be honest, we consider and we have been considering now for a while that the asset rotation strategy is something which is, let's say, an intrinsic part of the business. I mean, we build megawatts. Some of them are to keep, others are to sell, and we give visibility on those gains. And so when you talk about X gains, I mean, what we've indicated to the markets, let's say in the context of our business plan, is that the capital gains implicit in the business plan are roughly 300 million per year over the next couple of years. So if you look at the numbers that you have for EDPR, that's sort of the level of gains. And so one minus the other would give you, let's say, the guidance X gains. Thank you very much. The next question comes in from the line of Miguel Zabala, from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon, Miguel, Rui, and I'm André. Two questions from me, please. So as you pointed out in your slides, the last draft of the U.S. recancelation bill is proposing 10-year extension for subsidies. Would it be fair to say that there is upside to your long-term capacity targets from February? And could you give us an idea in terms of the incremental opportunity here versus your plan if those extensions become a reality? And the second question is, we've seen permitting issues in most of the European markets. It's been a problem for new projects. So could you please discuss the visibility that you have right now over SunSIP's pipeline, given it's so big vis-à-vis the operational capacity? What can you tell us about the permitting situation in some of those Asian markets? Is it better than in Europe? And I'm also conscious that this is a bit of a different game for distributed solar. So is it fair to say that this is easier, a technology easier to permit than utility-scale solar? Thank you very much. Yeah, so, I mean, great questions in relation to the first one. I mean, I think actually your first question is slightly related to your second question as well. So the 10-year extension is absolutely fantastic. I mean, obviously it gives a big boost to the industry as a whole in the U.S. And, you know, it just continues – I mean, if renewables is already competitive even without the PTCs, I think this really gives an extra boost to continue the growth of renewables in the U.S., both wind and solar, and also even other technologies like storage and hydrogen, which will also – and offshore, which also get, let's say, that additional boost. I mean, I wouldn't want to necessarily give a specific target because I don't have one of upside to the long-term goals that we've given. What I would say is I would go back to one of the, you know, the comments which I made, which is if we want to reach the targets, the overall sort of Paris Agreement targets, the one and a half degrees, we would be investing $4 trillion per year globally as opposed to the $1 trillion, so quadrupling. I mean, obviously that's not the basis for our numbers, so our numbers are based on, let's say, more conservative growth plans. But, I mean, this is just a massive amount. So I don't think the issue – I mean, the sky is the limit in terms of number of megawatts. I think the big issue, which is on the table in terms of how fast we can roll this out, is making sure that each individual country has very specific targets, so they go from that more aspirational goals to very concrete yearly goals over the next 10 years. And they translate that, for example, into tenders or they translate that into sort of specific processes so that they continue to drive the demand sort of at the national and at the regional level. And then I think one of the things which we've also been highlighting both with the European Commission and also within associations like Wind Europe or Euroelectric is around the permitting issues. I think there is work that can be done there, and that's something that I know at the highest level in the European Commission and I think also in the European Commission. They are looking at permitting issues, how they can look at the best practices of different countries, come up with a list, for example, of countries and how they rank in terms of time to be able to get the permits done and to get projects sort of approved. As you know, it can vary quite a lot between different countries. And so I think focusing now on some of those issues and making sure those are more facilitated, I think that will help certainly translate some of these more ambitious targets into very concrete numbers on the ground and accelerate even more what we're currently seeing. In relation to Sunseep in particular, I mean, I think in Asia-Pacific, definitely the issues around permitting are relevant because, I mean, it is a densely populated region of the world, which is good and bad. I mean, it's good because there's a lot of demand there. There's a lot of need to decarbonize the economy. But it does mean that land is expensive and you need to really manage, let's say, those permitting to make sure it's compatible with the local communities. I think that's why things like, you know, floating solar or reclaiming land or offshore, I mean, all those are distributed generation, which is actually something which is really growing a lot in a lot of these countries, are ways of reaching those objectives in a way which is consistent also with the permitting issues and with the impact on the local communities. So I think Sunseep has been very successful in terms of what they've done over the last couple of years and the way they have positioned themselves for this. In terms of growth going forward, I mean, we're talking about probably being able to grow at 200 to 300 megawatts at least in the short term per year AC and sort of 300 to 400 DC. And I think, as I say, I'm probably upsizing that given the different markets and just given the overall size of the region. So hopefully that's added a little bit of color to the questions. Yeah. Thank you very much. The next question comes in from the line of Philippe Oupatian, coming from Odo. Please go ahead. Yes. Good afternoon. Just three follow-up questions. The first one is concerning the 540 megawatts of Sunseep. You mentioned at 1 million euro per megawatt, which seems to be quite high. Could you just elaborate about this figure? That's my first question. You mentioned also 20-year PPA, which is good news regarding the duration. But is the 670 megawatts, which are in operation and sécurized, are fully under PPA, means 100% of the capacity is under PPA. That's the second question. And the last question is concerning the valuation. Could you just elaborate how you are valued the value creation? You mentioned on the slide 11, means that could you just give us some parameter you use, or more simply, I would say this under bracket margin generated versus the construction cost, which seems to be quite high, somewhere around 50%. Could you just elaborate concerning this valuation? Many thanks. Okay. In relation to the first question, so the 540 million, I mean, it's high, but you have to think about it in terms of distributed generation. So we're talking about smaller project sizes, typically would be in the single-digit megawatts, and obviously in locations which have higher costs in terms of deployment because they are more distributed generation. So in terms of the CAPEX, you know, given the way they were developed, I think it's a normal or what would be expected. Also, just to remind you, it is AC and not DC. And sometimes I think when people are comparing the CAPEX numbers for solar, it is important to make that distinction because obviously it is, you know, AC and DC do have around a 20% difference. So I think in relation to CAPEX, I mean, obviously we think CAPEX will then continue to come down over the next couple of years, but I would say that would be one first comment in relation to that. In relation to the second question, the 20-year PPAs, so yes, it is pretty much fully contracted for the PPAs or regulators. I think that's mentioned here on one of the slides, I don't have, you can find exactly the number of the slides, but that is fully contracted. And that's around 75 euros per megawatt hour, so I just also highlight the, let's say, the price of the, or the implied price of those PPAs slash regulated. In relation to the value creation, I'm glad you asked the question. I mean, what I would say is, you know, we look, when we look at these projects or we look at these acquisitions for our platform, I mean, we are applying the same type of investment metrics that we do for other projects. So in this case, we would be looking at, let's say, above 2% spread over our cost of capital. And that's assuming, let's say, a relatively prudent growth plan over the next couple of years. So let's say it would be basically taking the current operational projects and, let's say, in the margin on that, using that sort of spread. And then also looking at the future value creation that will be had with that growth. And overall, it has to be in line with our investment criteria. So around the 1.4 times or at least above the 2% spread. So that's sort of the way we would look at it from a valuation perspective. That's why in terms of the slide, if you notice, I mean, in the way we brought it out, it's the CapEx and then the value creation and the pipeline. And those three bars actually sum up to more, or at least visually they should sum up to more, look more, than the implied enterprise value actually paid for it. Because we do believe we are, let's say, getting a good return for this investment, assuming relatively reasonable assumption. Just one additional, is this means that for the pipeline of the 4.8 gigawatts, you have taken the assumption that the utility scale business are going to be bigger than the DG and means that your CapEx will go down toward the normal level, what we're seeing in some projects around the world, somewhere between 0.5, 0.6. Is that correct to assume? What we've looked at, and probably the best way to think about it, is we've looked at what would be a reasonable growth rate or relatively, you know, being relatively conservative. Obviously, we don't want to be too aggressive here. In terms of growth of megawatts over the next couple of years, so 2025 thereabouts, and the implied value creation that we will be getting on that, assuming our typical investment return. So, you know, around the 1.4 times WAC or above 2% spread. And so, just saying is that implied in that pipeline, we're assuming that we will develop at least part of it, not all of it, but at least part of it over the next couple of years, that we will be creating value from that pipeline, and that will give us a return which will be, let's say, quite a bit higher than the 870 that we are paying for the platform. Many thanks. Okay. The next question comes in from the line of Jörg Alonso, calling from Societ General. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon. Just a couple of questions left, please. Regarding the expansion into new markets, specifically in Asia, this is a solar platform, but do you think it could be a good idea for you to look for a similar similar transaction or a similar approach for developing wind in Asia, or do you think your capabilities are good enough to go and do it directly? And the second one is, if you can provide a little bit of a work in progress that you expect to have at the end of the year, so which amount of money would be invested and reflected in the net debt, but not contributing to EBITDA? Thank you very much. Thanks, Jörg Alonso. Thanks, Jörg Alonso. Thanks, Jörg. So, in relation to the first comment, I think I mentioned in the presentation that we would look to leverage on this platform to bring our competencies in wind. So, we are not looking or not thinking about, you know, buying any additional platform in Asia for wind. We think that, you know, given the team and the quality of the people there, plus our own expertise and the people we have internally, that we would be able to build on this platform to develop, let's say, the wind component to it. So, it's not in our plans to go out and do another acquisition for a specific wind platform. In relation to the second question, on work in progress, I'm not sure we have the specific number, perhaps we can follow that up later, but it's not something I have here off the top of my head. Thank you. The next question comes in from the line of Sara Puccini, calling from Medio Banker. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. Just a clarification, if possible, about the dealer of SunSIP. So, how do you consider the distributed solar generation versus the utility scale generation? Do you think it's a more risky business or they have similar characteristics? Sorry. And when you indicate the 75 euros per megawatt hour, I presume this is for the assets already secure, but do you expect this tariff to be applicable also for the future projects? And then, also, about the pipeline, I understood that a large part of the pipeline is also related to floating PV. Can you please indicate a level of CAPEX per megawatt for this technology? And then, the second question is about the guidance. Could you please indicate what is the level of EBITDA and net depth that you expect by year-end considering the 300 million capital gains and also the acquisition of SunSIP? Many thanks. Okay. Sorry. In relation to your questions, in relation to the first one, distributed generation versus utility scale. I mean, I think one of the key things – and, you know, we've obviously been doing a lot of work on Asia Pacific and seeing how we can take advantage of the growth opportunity there – it is quite densely populated. And I think that's something to bear in mind. So, distributed generation there, which can be sort of, you know, 2 megawatt, that type of range or, you know, 1 to 10 megawatt type range, can be quite an interesting solution because it can be deployed much closer to the industrial customers or the customers that, let's say, that we are entering into PPAs with. And then growing that sort of at scale in the region. So, it is relatively similar, I'd say, in the sense that you have also specific counterparts. And I mentioned some of them, you know, whether it's an Amazon or Microsoft. Those are the type of customers that you can also have in this case. That's true for some markets. In other markets, for example, in Vietnam, I mean, maybe you have a regulated tariff. And so, in that case, it would also be, let's say, for the utility scale, it would also be something that we would be considering. So, from a technological point of view, it's not so different. From a regulatory point of view, I mean, the key thing is also looking at, let's say, at the regulation or at the counterparty. So, I don't think they're very substantially very different businesses at the end of the day. And we're not talking B2C. We're talking, you know, when I talk distributed generation, we're talking basically CNI and B2B customers. So, I don't see it as a materially very different business. In terms of the second question, the 75 years per megawatt hour, so these are for assets already secured. I mean, obviously, this will evolve over time, depending on, you know, the countries, depending on whether, you know, what are the CAPEX assumptions that we'll be using or sort of getting for the different projects. I would say that over time, we would expect these numbers to probably start coming down as also, you know, the economies of scale start kicking in in some of these geographies. So, but I would say they would still stay relatively high numbers, certainly compared to perhaps some of the numbers we see in other parts of the world, for example, like in Iberia or some parts of the U.S. So, the 75 years per megawatt hour is for what we have secured. I wouldn't expect it to deviate too much over the next couple of years. In terms of floating PV solar CAPEX, I don't have a specific estimate for that. We can get back to you on that. So, when we are looking at, let's say, when we're looking at what is the pipeline, the value of a certain pipeline, the most important thing for us is, do we think that we can get a positive value creation, a positive margin on the projects when we invest in them? And that's why the metrics that we look for, whether it's the 2% minimum spread or the 1.4 times WAC, that's really what's most relevant for us. It then needs to be technologically feasible. You know, we need to make sure we have a good counterpart and that the PPA is competitive. In terms of the specific CAPEX estimates, maybe we can come back to you with that. In terms of EBITDA and net income, what I'd say is that, you know, we are still comfortable with consensus. And essentially, it will depend very much on, as I mentioned in the presentation, on closing some of the asset rotation transactions before the end of the year. So, I think we're making good progress there. As you know, we have several transactions on track that we signed earlier this year. And so, I'd say, you know, we will be above the $300 million. That is our expectation by the end of the year. And so, in line with EBITDA and net income, that's out in the market. And which I think has been given out by IR. Thank you. The next question comes in from the line of Oli Jeffrey, pulling from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Hi. Two questions for me, please. First is on, just going back to the poor wind resource that we've seen this year. Just asking the question again, do you have any reason to believe that the P50 load factors that you're assuming in the future for wind should be lower? For example, are you having any, are there any noises internally getting louder about having to look at this again? Or are you aware of any studies that are questioning P50 load factors as we look at them? And also, are you looking into this? Are you carrying out an assessment into this area to see if you're still comfortable with where the P50s are? And then the second question I have is just specifically on the Portugal and Poland cells, you know, done at quite high EV to megawatt multiples to 2.4 megawatts. Can we expect, when you complete these, that the gains that you get on these assets on a per megawatt basis are significantly higher than the 250 per megawatt we saw at the beginning of the year? Because if you assume a typical capex, you might expect that the gains here are going to be really quite chunky and in excess of 500,000 a megawatt, perhaps. Any comments on that would be much appreciated. Thank you very much. Okay. Hi. So, I think in relation to the first question, that's, I mean, the question I certainly ask internally constantly. And so far, there's no reason to believe that this is changing. I mean, that's the honest answer. You know, when we look back over 20, 30, 40 years, I mean, you know, and look at the long-term trend and sort of we factor in the last couple of years or in the last couple of quarters, I mean, there's volatility. There always has been volatility. It seems to be within the normal range. And so the overall trend line does not seem to be deviating. So, you know, there will be good years. There will be bad years. I mean, this is clearly not a good year. But the only voice, I think, is Hui and myself making sure internally that we are sufficiently comfortable to be able to tell you and, you know, the rest that, you know, we have no reason to believe that this is changing. And so that's the question we ask ourselves internally and that's the assessments we've been looking at and, you know, sort of the statistics we've been looking at. And as I say, nothing has led us to believe that there is a change. In relation to the second question, I mean, yes, you are right. I would say particularly in the case of Portugal, it would be a higher multiple per megawatt. In Poland, it would probably be more in line with the values that you indicated. I mean, we will provide specific numbers on that, obviously, when we close them. It is all subject to adjustments and to, you know, changes depending on the contractual provisions that we have with the buyers. And so that's why we typically only give out the final numbers when we actually close the transaction. So, you know, hopefully by year end, we will have done that and then we'll be able to provide additional information on that. But I would say, yes, I mean, your intuition is right in that the gains per megawatt will be higher than the 250. Thank you. The final question comes in from the line of George Gamara, according to JB Capital. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon. I just have two follow-up questions, if I may. The first is a technical one related to your issues with the regulatory edging in Spain. I would like to understand exactly the mechanics of what happened in the quarter. And if possible, if you can quantify what was the impact in the quarter of this regulatory edge, as you might call it. And the second one is related to distributed generation. You are doing a massive push on distributed generation with this acquisition of SunTip. Could we see, and this is a theme that you mentioned in the past, could we see EDPR buying more platforms of distributed generation in other geographies? Thank you very much. Hi, George. So in relation to the first one, I then pass it to Rui, and probably in more detail we can also then take it offline just to walk you through the exact mechanics. But I'll pass it to Rui. Perhaps I'll just answer the second question first, and then before I pass the ball. I mean, in relation to DG, I think DG – well, first, we're talking about typically these platforms are more B2B or CNI. And so the line between DG and utility scale sometimes becomes more blurred, certainly in certain geographies. So I think our position has been that the same way that we look at, you know, wind, solar, offshore. Within these technologies, you then have slightly different segments, and sometimes these are blurred. So you can have, for example, utility scale in France, which can be maybe 10 megawatts, and you can have what we would call distributed generation, which might be also some single digits or close to 10 megawatts, depending just because it's behind the meter. So I think, you know, we do see synergies there, and we do see these as different ways of, let's say, attacking the market in different geographies, and also depending on the particular regulatory environment. I wouldn't see ourselves, you know, buying a lot more platforms, or at least, you know, we don't have a strategy for going out and buying more DG platforms. We have done that selectively where we think it adds value to us. So this is one case. I mean, Santeep does both. It's expected going forward to do about 50% each, 50% utility, 50% more, let's say, CNI and DG. We have done that in the U.S. with C2, so that's also complement to our existing platform in the U.S., and I think that also gives us a good insight into the dynamics of the DG markets in the U.S. So, again, we will do it selectively. We do think it's a good way, particularly in some geographies, of getting access to more growth, particularly on the, let's say, on the solar side, but it's not something that, let's say, we have an active strategy of specifically going out to buy more of those platforms. In relation to the first question, then I'll pass the ball if you want to take that. Thank you, Miguel. Hi, Jorge. So definitely we can take it offline and go through in more detail, but just in a ballpark. So we have about 15 million euros impact, 10 to 15 million euros impact in Q3 from this financial hedging in Spain. Our full year estimate is around 25 million on the basis of a P50 wind resource in the fourth quarter. So that's, you know, the amount or the range that we are talking about. I mean, the mechanics just, you know, in one minute is basically once, if you're, if you have regulatory, so wind farms and the regulatory framework, and if we are hedged, as you know, and if the price goes above the regulatory cap, you will have to get that additional revenue back to the system. But if you are hedged, because we decided to hedge some volumes within the caller so that we don't take that volatility, then you need to give back the delta to your hedging and not to the regulatory cap. So, you know, that's what it's impacting. But again, if you want, what I can do is we take it offline and go step by step so that you can get comfort on the numbers and the dynamics. Are we there? Thank you. That was the final question in the queue. Okay. Thank you very much, everyone. Good afternoon, Jim. Thanks, everyone. Take care. Take care. Bye-bye.