 Hello and welcome to the 9-month 21 EDPR results call.
 My name is Courtney and I'll be your coordinator for today's event.
 Please note that this call is being recorded and for the duration of the call, your lines will be on listen only.
 However, you will have the opportunity to ask questions.
 This can be done by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad to register your question.
 If you require assistance at any time, please press start 0 and you will be connected to an operator.
 and I will now hand you over to your host Andre Fernandez, head of investor relations,
 planning and control and sustainability to begin today's conference. Thank you.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 Thank you very much for attending EDPR's third course
 the 2021 results conference call.
 We have here with us our CEO, Miguel Spielwald-Andrade,
 and our CFO, Huitesheida, who will run you
 with the key highlights of the business plan execution and of the nine-month results.
 We'll then move into Q&A, in which we will be taking your questions.
 This call is expected to last around one hour, and I'll now give the floor to our CEO,
 I'll see you all then, guys.
 Thank you, Andre.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 I hope you are all doing well and it's also a pleasure to be on these calls and be able
 to not only present what we've been doing, but also take your questions afterwards.
 So anyway, today we have a lot to talk about.
 So, I'll get straight into the presentation.
 remove two slide five and just giving you a broad overview of the business plan execution.
 of all in the key pillars of growth.
 We are ramping up and we have around 2.5 gigawatts
 added year on year.
 So this is a good progress towards the 3 gigawatt plus,
 which we were aiming for in the 2021 to 2020 steady growth
 targets.
 So this is actually the largest number of megawatts ever built by EDP renewables in 12 months.
 And I really like to highlight that this shows that there is a successful ramp up of the
 the growth rate and it should give us confidence on the execution of the growth plan.
 So today, we just announced the acquisition of SunTip.
 You will have seen that news, I'm sure, this morning.
 I think it establishes a great platform in Asia-Pacific.
 This is a region, and I'll talk a little bit about this later on, but it's a huge
 growth potential in the region. So that's something I think that's worth also highlighting
 obviously. On secure capacity, we now have 8.1 gigawatts secured, out of which 7.9 gigawatts
 in 2021 to 2023.
 So that's around 75% of our 2021-23 target.
 I think good progress there.
 And we also have visibility on an additional 4.1 gigawatts
 BPAs in our key markets, in which we are either shortlisted or currently under negotiation.
 So, we will hopefully be giving good visibility on the rollout of those PPAs also in the next
 couple of months. So overall solid ramp-up of growth, a good platform for growth in Asia-Pacific
 and also strong execution with short-term visibility
 on the additional PPAs.
 on the acid rotation program, so the pillar here in the middle.
 We continue to see strong market appetite
 in attractive valuations.
 both for wind and solar.
 We have the 2.3 billion of asset rotation proceeds.
 multiples continue to be very attractive.
 on average 1.6 million euros per megawatt,
 1.7 for wind and 1.2 for solar. So I'll go there in a little bit more detail in a minute.
 As of September, we have 550 million as rotation proceeds, overall capital gains of 151 million
 following the Mayflower earnout of 30 million. So overall we're on track to deliver capital gains
 above the 300 million euros of guidance that we've given for this year.
 And we have a couple of transactions, which you've
 already announced it, which we're hoping to close over the next couple of weeks or months,
 hopefully at least one or two by the end of the year.
 on excellence, which is a third pillar.
 So for the nine months to date,
 EDP renewables has achieved 28% load factor.
 This is down 0.6% year on year, but it still reflects 95% of the expected gross capacity
 factor. We have had a bad year in terms of wind, I mean low resource particularly in
 the U.S. and Spain. And I think that's something that we've talked about in previous quarters
 in the third quarter was no exception.
 We're guarding operations.
 We continue with a strong performance with core OPEX per megawatt decreasing 3% year
 on year.
 And on the technical side, we continue to deliver a good availability of 97 percent.
 So slightly above year on year.
 So in terms of operations, I think good performance there.
 On ESG, execution is well on track
 for the business plan targets.
 We have already, most of the initiatives are already in progress under the changing
 tomorrow or now program. And finally, I mean, just on the notes not here on the slide, but
 We have an EBITDAB 917 million euros,
 met and come about around 150 million, 148 million.
 This is mostly impacted by the lower capital gains year on year.
 the first quarter one-off air cut event
 and lower generation or lower winds in the U.S. and Spain,
 I think that's something we have to recognize.
 So it hasn't been a great year from a wind resource perspective and overall the high
 high pool prices in the third quarter have also introduced some pressure on the hedges.
 In Spain, in particular, the EBITDA is 4245 million below expectation in the nine months,
 30 million of which is from low wind, especially in the second and third quarter, which is
 below the P50.
 And then you have around 10 to 15 million from the financial hedges in the third quarter
 given the high prices combined with low generation.
 So I'll go through this in more detail
 and we will also elaborate more on this.
 Anyway, let's move forward to slide six.
 So here, on the growth platform for Asia-Pacific that we,
 in the Sancti transaction we know today.
 So as you know, we had 20 gigawatts of additions until 2025, set out on the strategic plan,
 1.4 gigawatts weed outlined or highlighted will come from new markets.
 new geographies do bring us optionality. They bring diversification to our portfolio. And
 So the expansion into Asia Pacific was something we've been working on now for a while.
 So I think today's news is certainly good news.
 We move to slide seven, just talking a little bit about the overall Asia-Pacific market.
 It's one of the...
 one of the largest renewables markets globally.
 It has strong growth expectations, especially in solar.
 We're talking about 120 gigawatts per year in terms of growth, so it's a massive market
 and EEP renewables who really felt it was important to tap this opportunity and have
 of a foothold in there.
 Thank you.
 while we reestablish the connection with our speakers.
 Thank you for your patience.
 Thank you for your patience. Please stand by whilst we re-establish the connection with your house.
 Thank you for your patience.
 The connection has been re-established.
 Speaker, please continue.
 Okay.
 Oh, sorry for the technical difficulties.
 I mean, I think this is the first.
 I'm told that we somehow got disconnected around side 7,
 So I'll resume on slide seven.
 Hopefully you haven't heard from that before.
 So I'll just go back to slide seven and talk about Asia-Pacific.
 So this is really one of the largest markets globally.
 It's got, you know, huge growth expectations, especially in solar, and, you know, some key
 numbers which I think are worth highlighting, 120 gigawatts per year market, so it's really
 a massive market. Fifty-five percent of the global growth in renewables and solar represents
 65% of this growth in Asia Pacific.
 Also, something which I'm sure everyone will be familiar with, which is, I mean, this is
 It's a highly populated, densely populated region, so it's over 4 billion people and
 and over 50% of the global power demand.
 And finally, just to say that countries like China, Japan, South Korea, they've all committed
 to net zero emissions by 2050 or 2060.
 And so there does seem to also be a general trend towards decarbonization in the region
 and promoting renewables. And so just a final message on this slide. If we are serious about
 reaching net zero by 2050 and there is a broad consensus around this, then all regions and
 and all countries will need to contribute to this target.
 And so we want to make sure that EDP renewables is positioned
 in the long run to take advantage of this opportunity.
 So I think I'd just like to highlight this in relation to this region, which is obviously,
 I think key to making us global.
 And that's exactly the topic of the next slide.
 So PsyDate, with this platform, we now become truly global.
 So we already had a very strong platform in the U.S.,
 very strong platform in Europe.
 a good platform in Latin America with Brazil, Chile, Colombia. And now we set up this platform
 also in Asia-Pacific. So we think that Sunseep's team is very complementary to EDPR, both
 geographically and technologically, you know, that their footprint solar pipeline together
 with our scale and our capabilities, the fact that we have, for example, wind that we can
 also bring to the table. That means that we believe we will be able to build out the
 platform and accelerate the growth in the region.
 So now, once we complete the acquisition,
 who will be present in 25 markets representing 75%
 of global growth over the next decade.
 So that's, you know, we'll have a very strong representation in all of the key markets.
 Moving to slide nine and a specific comment on Sunseat.
 So, it is a solar-focused platform.
 is based out of Singapore, present in nine markets, 550 megawatts of operating and under
 construction assets.
 of these in Singapore with a very low-risk profile, as you know, Singapore is triple
 a rating. Sunseep is also present in Vietnam, where EDPR is also present, so we'll be able
 to integrate our positions there.
 young assets below two years, 20-year contracted revenues, so 76% of that PPAs and 24% regulated
 at an average price of 75 euros per megawatt hour.
 So low risk, stable, long-term cash flows,
 completely aligned with the EDPR strategy.
 Also, they bring very strong client relationships
 a track record. The off-takers include some of the EDPR clients in Europe and in the US,
 So, companies like Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple, so, so solar distributed generation
 represent around 70% of the operating and under construction portfolio and it's a key
 technology obviously to grow in Asia-Pacific, going forward, utility scale will also play
 a key and increasingly relevant role.
 So Sunseh brings a strong footprint in Asia.
 specific, a great track record over 10 years of successfully developing the business there.
 It's got a fantastic management team with a lot of local knowledge, over 400 employees
 in growing, given the growth of the market, so that will facilitate the local culture
 and know how and also the long term build up of relationships.
 So I think they have a great reputation in the region, and I think that gives us a lot
 of confidence to leverage on that and accelerate growth.
 Also, very importantly, and moving to slide 10, Santhippe has a great pipeline, so overall
 the portfolio is around 5.5 gigawatts, so on top of the 550 megawatts of operating under
 construction. There are 130 megawatts of contracted capacity, so almost 700 megawatts of secured
 capacity. And we have a pipeline of almost five gigawatts in different stages of development.
 So around 2 gigawatts of advanced stage and 2.8 gigawatts of early stage.
 Future growth.
 we'll have obviously more geographic diversification
 and also higher exposure to solar utility scale going forward.
 Moving on to slide 11, I'm talking just a little bit about valuations and stakes.
 So we are leveraging our capabilities to really accelerate the growth and the value creation
 in Azure Pacific through Sunsets.
 The way we see it, it's putting the business on steroids and really leveraging it up.
 you will have a 87% stake.
 This may actually increase to around 91%.
 Some people, as I mentioned, are great management teams, so the founders will stay invested
 with around six and a half percent, and with their incentives fully aligned with the growth
 and the profitability of the business.
 I think this is the key point to make sure that we have a smooth transition, and we will
 really bring the local experience and the new culture to EDPR with, obviously, a great
 knowledge of the markets and the developments in the Asia-Pacific markets, and so we want
 to make sure that, you know, that we are able to merge the companies well and really leverage
 on Sunseep to take it even further and make it grow even faster.
 So with the founders and the management, we will have around 94 percent that may actually
 increased to 98%.
 in terms of valuation. So the implied price, we are paying is around 870 million euros,
 this down, I'd say that there's one block, which is capex, so implicit in that 550 megawatts.
 since it's mostly solar distributed generation,
 has an average KAPEX per megawatt AC.
 So this is important to stress.
 This is AC, not DC, of around 1 million euros.
 We have the value creation associated with the operating and the construction assets
 together with the secured capacity. So a total of 700 megawatts. And I'm sure you can come
 up with an NPV per mega reference for this bucket. I just re-emphasized that these assets
 are very young. They have 20-year contracted revenues at an average price of 75 years per
 megawatt hour. And finally, there's the pipeline and the
 platform and we believe will be creating significant value from the existing pipeline and will
 be
 able to leverage the fun-tipped model.
 also with strong development capabilities in this footprint in nine markets to really
 deliver the growth going forward.
 Overall, for
 you
 ADPR.
 opens up a new region of the world where we didn't have a significant presence. And we
 that this together in terms of solar, together with what we can bring in wind, will really
 I mean that we can ramp up this platform, as I say, in the Asia-Pacific region.
 Okay.
 So that's SunSeap.
 And I'd just like to now talk you through some of the other key metrics for the business.
 So if we move to slide 12, we have around 8 gigawatts secured, 8.1 gigawatts secured.
 So it's up to 2.7 gigawatts a year to date.
 And I think that shows the origination capabilities and also the competitive projects that we
 are able to bring.
 If we zoom in just on 2021 to 23, as I mentioned earlier, we'll have around 7.9 gigawatts secured
 already until 23, so that's around 75%.
 We continue to have the disciplined investment approach and so I think attractive returns
 low risk profile contracted NPV of around 60%. So we continue to see those metrics across
 the different projects that we are investing in. And so overall, strong visibility on the
 2021 to 23 timeframe and also solid risk return profile.
 We move to slide 13.
 And this is something we've talked about previously, but just give you an update on this so we
 We continue to be protected from capex cost inflation as we've discussed on previous calls
 and we have limited exposure on 10% of our secure capacity.
 For new projects, we are seeing the PPA market and the auctions adjusting to the sector-wide
 the increase in capex. So from that perspective, it's not hindering our competitiveness when
 bidding for a new project.
 And there was...
 return thresholds are being preserved.
 So just to give you a specific example,
 and up, if you look at the Spanish auction now in October, you'll have seen that the
 average price of the auction went up, that has to do, we believe, with the adjustment
 also to the new CAPEX expectations.
 We are also seeing that when we are doing bilateral discussions on PPAs, where we are
 seeing those prices feeding through into new PPA prices, revised PPA prices on the discussion
 and being accepted by clients.
 In relation to the supply chain, we have a strong position.
 We have a privileged relationship, I'd say, with the suppliers.
 And so we continue to monitor and to manage any disruptions
 that might happen to the supply chain.
 In relation to wind, if you're comfortable,
 there doesn't seem to be any material issue
 with our project in the short and the medium term.
 in solar, something we're monitoring more closely.
 obviously to make sure that any disruptions are dealt with quickly and that we can manage
 that in the context of our development and construction.
 construction.
 If we move to slide 14 in terms of pipeline, we continue to ramp up.
 We have good short-term visibility on growth.
 I wanted to highlight that 60% of the current secure capacity has been secured through PPAs,
 So that's a market where we continue to be very active.
 And we actually expect it to increase even more
 of the coming years.
 So, as I mentioned earlier, 4.1 gigawatts of PPA is under negotiation and shortlisted,
 which we hope...
 will provide short-term visibility on additional capacity.
 Side 15 on offshore ocean winds continues to grow so operating capacity now 1.5 gigawatts in 2022 expected to reach 3.4 gigawatts by 2025
 more east finalized construction. I had the pleasure of being up in Scotland a couple
 weeks ago to just to inaugurate the O&M Center in Fraserburg. We're moving ahead also with
 some other projects in Scotland, so the more west, we're also expected to give visibility
 on that soon.
 We have several other projects that we are continuing to develop in Poland,
 U.S., South Korea. We are participating in the RFP in Massachusetts for Mayflower. Hopefully
 So we'll have visibility on that soon.
 and also in relation to Scott Wind,
 We'll also have visibility on that soon.
 So we have a good, strong presence in Scotland.
 So let's wait and see what comes out of that auction.
 Slide 16, just a quick comment here on asset rotation.
 you'll have seen most of these numbers.
 So just very quickly, 2.3 billion of proceeds,
 30% of the 8 billion target for the full five-year plan
 we're overall very happy with the multiples achieved
 in the execution.
 And within the third quarter, we upsize the U.S. transaction to 80 percent.
 and we also signed the Polish transaction.
 So clearly we are on track to deliver capital gains north of 300 million in 2021, the actual
 value will depend on the timing of the regulatory approvals and the closing of each transaction.
 So all in all, execution on the asset rotation going well, we continue to see strong appetite
 from investors and so now our efforts are totally on the regulatory approval side to
 to make sure that we can get at least some of these
 over the line here by the end of 2021.
 Slide 17, a quick note on ESG.
 So circular economy and biodiversity.
 We have been promoting a lot the waste recovery
 and the operational phase for a while,
 So extending our best practices now
 to the rest of the value chain.
 repowering, although it's still not very material.
 EDPR is focused on tackling the repowering wave
 that we expect post-2025, especially in Spain, Portugal,
 the U.S. So far we've done, we've repowered two wind farms in Spain and we are repowering
 another one in the U.S. In the two sites that we repowered in Spain, more, most of the waste
 generated was recovered, so almost 95%. In this respect, we are participating also in
 some blade recycling projects in Spain, the US, and also in Portugal, and 100% of the
 area impacted during the repowering processes in Spain were fully restored.
 In relation to communities, we obviously want to make sure that we work with the local
 communities so that we are able to keep the alignment with our core business and make
 sure that we are able to develop our projects in harmony with the local communities in terms
 of people, we are aiming to achieve 36% female employees.
 Currently, we're at 32%.
 but 37% of our new hires are all women,
 which contributes well to achieving our goal.
 So definitely looking out for a quality of opportunities there.
 And lastly, just in relation to the Sustainable Suppliers goal, what we've been asking
 our core business suppliers is basically in terms of health and safety, environmental
 as a...
 criteria to be totally aligned with us. So it's not just a question of EDPR having certain
 goals and targets, it's also making sure that that extends to to our suppliers.
 We start to use suppliers.
 And with this business plan, as you know, we have the idea of going one step further
 by making sure that we have these ESG goals totally aligned with the suppliers.
 I'll stop here and I'll turn it over to Huid to walk you through the nine months results
 and then come back at the end for closing remarks.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Miguel. Good afternoon to you all. So let's move on to the nine-month result.
 So, on slide 19, our financial performance year on year has been, as you know, mostly
 impacted by...
 ...
 hand lower capital gains, the one-off air cut event in Q1, and also the lower generation
 that we have been observing in U.S. and Spain.
 So we achieved the 917 million euros epita and 148 million
 in years net profit in these first nine months.
 that's on the back of the generating 21.8 watt hours
 of clean energy.
 That's a 5%.
 So that's $122 million at the net profit.
 So on top of the $100 million gain on the U.S. asset rotation, we have also some positive
 price adjustments from 2020 transactions in offshore and in this rosewater build and transfer
 project and along with 30 million years are now from a flower below a beta we
 We continue to improve our average cost of debt, 3.4 percent versus 3.5 percent, so that
 the reduction of about 0.2 percentual points year and year.
 In the U.S., our top line is impacted by the Q1 one-off haircut event.
 We extensively discussed this in the first quarter, but also by the fact that we are
 below the average resource.
 for the period, we also have a weak wind resource in Spain as well.
 And let me just, you know, highlight here some impact that we have in Spain that, of
 of course are hitting us in the nine months result.
 So overall, Spain is about 40 to 45 million euros
 below our expectation for the nine months, 2021.
 Out of these three around 30 million are from low winds and that's particularly in the Q2 and Q3 where we have you know
 We are below the 90% of our P50 and about 10 to 15 million euros from financial hedges
 in Q3 given the high prices and the low generation.
 Just to give you an expected full year result from this impact with the P-50 in terms of
 of wind for the fourth quarter is around 25 million years.
 So I think it's also worth highlighting
 that given pool only went above the 60 years
 from a Goddard in July, the regulatory adjustment that
 booked in the Q3 concentrates the regulatory adjustment for the full
 So there is a concentration to technicality but there is a concentration here in the Q3.
 So, just, you know, as snapshotting the balance sheet, net depth decrease here today to three
 This is, of course, on the back of the 1.5 billion capital increase, around 240 million
 asset rotation, so the equity proceeds from that, and around 0.6 billion of the tax equity
 equity, which is already booked for the U.S. project and, of course, it impacts the net
 at reduction.
 I think it's important now that if we move to the operational side, so if you move to
 ...
 slide 20.
 highlighting that, you know, we added 2.5 gigas of wind and solar capacity year-on-year.
 This is the highest capacity ever installed by EDPR in 12 months period.
 I think it is demonstrating how we are ramping up the business and the growth rate in addition
 to that we have 2.7 Giga's which are under construction.
 So I think these, you know, these are the numbers that speak from themselves in terms
 of the ramping up of the growth profile at GDPR.
 You're near.
 We successfully completed.
 One gigawatt net of asset rotation deals that's in Spain in the US.
 So we ended the period with a 13-giga portfolio by the end of September, 2021, and it really
 balanced mix across the main platform. So North America 55%, Europe around 40% and the
 of the rest of the world, Brazil 5%, and you know, just the minority position in the
 rest of the world here just considering Vietnam, so not yet incorporating the acquisition that
 Miguel referred to sensitive in the, in the, in the attack.
 Our load factor achieved 28 percent in this nine months.
 This is a recovery in Iberia and Brazil.
 And, naturally, this is offset by the one-offercut event, and across this period a little resource
 in the U.S. Technical availability at good levels, 97 percent, that's likely above this
 number for last year.
 the output increased 5% year on year so this is of course benefits from the
 capacity of visions naturally is offset by the lower resource.
 So we generate 21.5 kilowatt hours of clean energy.
 So we can say that we have avoided 13 million tons of CO2 emissions.
 within North America, Europe and Brazil, generally respectively around 68 percent, 37 percent,
 26% of the total input.
 On page 21, in looking into the revenues, we have a reduction vis-à-vis last year, so
 of the 5% reduction, of course, this is due to sell-downs.
 So if you were to see this on a like-for-like basis,
 we would be plus 2% versus nine months, 120.
 but also driven by the lower average price,
 about 51 years per megawatt hour in some unfavorable effects, which as I said before, it's also
 partly upset by senior capacity.
 In Europe, the average price decreased 10% to 74 years.
 That's, of course, even to Spain.
 the asset mix, not only the asset mix from the following 20 asset rotation deal, but
 also the impact of the regulatory and financial hedges in the context of very high pool prices.
 In Portugal, the tariff extension and the new additions, and in the rest of Europe we
 actually observed an 11 percent increase in terms of the average revenue price or price
 increase that, of course, offsets these reductions in Spain and Portugal.
 In North America, the average price increased by 1% with higher merchant prices that offset
 that were set by the ARCOT event in Q1.
 In Brazil, average price was up by 9%, 239 reals, Brazil in reals, and these of course
 back on the fact that we are exposed to higher merchant prices and also, you know, the evolution
 in terms of capacity.
 Revenue is totaled 1.3 billion with the impact from the sell-down.
 but that's a reduction of 92 million year on year.
 lower average prices.
 So that's minus 27 million year on year if you exclude cell down and some forex translation
 as I mentioned in beginning, and others that account for about 54 million reduction versus
 last year, which, of course, they are not upset by the capacity additions that contribute
 to around 180 million year on year.
 So like for like, as I've said before,
 if you are to adjust for the celldowns,
 would have increased revenues in the EDPR by 2% year on year.
 on the OPEX.
 moving to the next slide.
 Naturally, we keep very focused in terms of excellence
 of the operations.
 So core OPEX per average megawatt is up only by 1%,
 year on year. So actually this is a minus 3% if adjusted on the back of our O&M strategy.
 And of course, as you know, we have been front-loading the company in terms of resources to meet
 the...
 the business plan growth. Overall, this leads us to have any beta of 917 million
 euros. Of course, this is driven not only by the top line performance, the lower capital
 games year on year. And in terms of the geographical mix, you know, pretty much a 50-50 contribution
 from North America in Europe to EDPR results on a consolidated basis.
 On the net profit, we ended up the period with 148 million euros, again on the back
 of the top line performance. The financials have improved on the financials in the beginning
 we have improved our cost of debt to 3.4% so that's a reduction of 0.2% points versus
 this year.
 Again, on
 I'd like to emphasize that on the PNL text as a negative impact to your own year, but
 the bulk of this is non-cash and cash taxes are neutral when you compare to the nine-month
 result 2020. So, on the next slide in terms of depth, not
 net theft and tax equity increased 191 million years.
 Of course, you know, the asset rotation proceeds and capital increase, they are, they have
 have offset it or funded the growth acceleration.
 So by September, we actually have that approximately 100 million lower versus the 31st of December
 that last year.
 the, you know, almost 90 percent of the 3.3 billion net debt is at the fixed interest
 rate.
 as you know, it's part of our risk profile.
 Tax equity increased to 1.4 billion, naturally following the 0.6 billion of tax equity proceeds
 that we announced recently, but also offset by the deconsolidation of the tax equity
 associated with the U.S. as a rotation deal in June.
 And just also to finalize, focusing on the period ESG on this slide 25.
 So starting by the environmental performance, as I said before, we avoided 13 million tons
 of CO2 emissions, so we are effectively contributing to this global challenge of reaching a net
 Thank you.
 The company's emissions represent only about 0.2% of the avoided ones.
 In terms of circularity, we are maintaining our recovery ratios aligned with previous
 years, continues to be working naturally to improve on those.
 biodiversity, no significant spills, no significant fires.
 We had 56 near misses in the year-on-year.
 I mean, the variation is pretty much aligned
 with the company growth.
 Social dimension, as Miguel said, we have surpassed 2,000 employees, so that's 23 percent
 increase year on year and actually, you know, moving towards our diversity goal with a percentage
 the job female employees increasing to 32 percent. Regarding health and safety, there
 There was an average of 1.7 work-related accidents per million work hours.
 Sixty...
 Thank you for your work.
 based per million work hours, which is in line with your
 year, unfortunately, we have some severe accidents to severe accidents that are impacting naturally
 the business and, you know, we have been dedicating a significant amount of time to improve the
 safety, health and safety across the different operations and construction sites, so learning
 from these lessons, unfortunately.
 And just a final note regarding communities, EDPR maintained its 5 million euros cumulative
 investment in access to energy. We reached 1.1 million euros in social investment, so
 But that's likely lower.
 you're on year naturally given the COVID-19 response plan
 that we implemented last year within our local communities.
 And with this, I would hand back to Miguel
 for his closing remarks.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 So just to finalize the presentation, and just a couple of words on the overall environment
 and also on the outlook for renewables.
 First, then if we move to slide 27,
 And we continue to see an environment, a policy environment, which is highly supportive of
 energy transition.
 I mean, we have the recent news flow from COM26, which I'm sure you're following now
 taking place in Glasgow. And I think it just comes to show sort of the need to really elevate
 the global commitments, and also different measures to the various different countries
 and political leaders and companies are taking to fight climate change.
 So clearly this fight for climate change requires strong fundamentals.
 will have an unprecedented growth in renewables, which I think it's an interesting document.
 I'm sure you're...
 you've read highlighted by the International Energy Agency's World Energy Outlook, which
 which was just recently released now in mid-October in a state set to limit global warming to
 to one and a half degrees,
 would require an annual global clean energy investment of $4 trillion by 2030.
 So four times as much as the one trillion, which was invested in 2020.
 I mean, these are absolutely staggering values.
 And I mean, even a fraction of this
 would be a significant increase versus what we are seeing today. And I believe there is
 obviously political by a lot of different countries to move in that direction.
 In Europe in particular, which has been a champion of climate change, the European Commission's
 toolbox to tackle the increase in energy costs, which has been obviously a big issue
 on the agenda recently is very much to reinforce the need to deploy renewables. Clearly we
 We need to also have energy efficiency solutions.
 We need to...
 continue to build out grids across the continent.
 There will be the need to deploy 750 billion euros from the European Next Generation Fund.
 So that's the process we expect will now be moving to the stage of application of projects
 at the national level and hopefully we'll have more visibility during 2022.
 to. But, I mean, bottom line is the European Commission has been very aggressive and I think
 very consistent in its five for comma change in supporting the need for deploying renewables
 and electrifying the economy and so forth.
 relation to the U.S. I mean, clearly, I'm sure we've all been watching closely the
 build back better framework package, which has been in discussion.
 So, as you know, there was already one package
 to have been approved.
 structure of Bill, which was, let's say, they were tying it to the second package as well.
 It's currently...
 estimated at around $1.8 trillion, the bill's back better bill. It includes the long-term
 visibility of the fiscal incentives for clean energy investments of the PTCs and the ITCs,
 I'm potentially extending those, and it gives a tax credit total amount of $320 billion
 to support the renewables in the medium term.
 So clearly the US seems to be taking some good steps, hopefully in the very, very short
 term in the next couple of days or something, hopefully no more than a couple of weeks,
 there will be visibility on closing that, and as you know, it's been something which
 which has been around for a while, but it seems that people are quite optimistic about
 In terms of key takeaways, so slide 28 and then just before moving on to Q&A.
 So far, we really are going global now.
 I mean, we were already a global company,
 but now present in 25 markets, which
 It exposes the company to 75% of world-like growth in renewables until 2030, so I think
 this...
 to a very significant step that we're taking.
 This growth platform in Asia-Pacific
 basically will leverage on some tip.
 So as I say, an established platform fully
 consistent with our portfolio. It's got a low-risk long-term contracted profile which
 is very similar to or something that we like very much.
 EDP renewables ramping up the growth, 2.5 gigawatts added year on year, 2.7 gigawatts under construction,
 So getting closer to the 3 gigawatts target per year.
 And we now have over 8 gigawatts secured with good returns
 risk profile.
 And so that's just 75% of the targets.
 until 2023.
 As a rotation, I've talked about very solid and good.
 financials have been impacted in this third quarter of the nine months to date by the
 the lower capital gains year on year.
 lower generation US and Spain.
 But we believe that the attractive asset rotation
 deal that we've done will allow us to close the gap over the next couple of months.
 So, I think there is a need to look through the short-term pressure and really think about
 the underlying potential and growth of ADP renewables, which is absolutely fantastic.
 So the growth outlook continues to be very strong.
 We see it very strongly.
 EDP renewal is an extremely well positioned to capture it globally, now in all the different
 platforms. And so, I just really like to reiterate, I mean, on behalf of the team, clearly, very
 to the chapter about the growth prospects for the business in the different regions and
 and now looking forward to also tackle the growth opportunity in Asia-Pacific.
 So clearly focus on the U.S., Europe, Latin America, and now this additional region.
 So focused on the plan, focused on delivering the megawatts
 and the numbers.
 And now happy to turn it over to Q&A.
 So, Andre.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Miguel.
 this now took you a night.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question on today's call, so please press
 star 1 on your telephone keypad. Please ensure your line is unmuted locally and you will
 be advised.
 I want to ask you a question.
 If you change your mind and wish to withdraw your question, please press start 2.
 So as a reminder, that was star one on your telephone keypad.
 if you would like to ask a question.
 And our first question comes in from the line of Alberto Gandolfi, calling from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 The first one is to go back a little bit on slide 13.
 You basically said that you're insulated from any cost
 inflation so I just wanted to confirm can you maybe again specify from on a time
 horizon basis, you know, do you think you are protected on cost inflation until the beginning
 end of 2023, Q1, Q2, end of 2022, you can give us some ideas and any disruption from
 the supply chain you're seeing, shipping freight, any delays that might derive from that.
 The second question is on the M&A Transaction you announced today, may I just ask in terms
 of financing, you believe that the balance sheet is okay, you believe that just asset
 rotations would be sufficient or any other ways of financing we should be thinking about
 here. And the last question, a bit provocative, so apologies in advance if it doesn't come
 out properly, right?
 but you could argue that there isn't much net income that the company is generating for the first
 nine months of the year.
 So can I ask you how you explain that?
 Is it because you really, besides the load factor,
 that we're well below average.
 But you can argue that the capital gains you booked offsets losses from Texas so point
 It would be, is it just because you think you're ramping up capacity, you're putting so much
 much upfront costs and then revenues will gradually keep growing with inflation in most
 jurisdictions, is it an increase in DEVACs because you're accelerating construction or
 How should we think about debt and the evolution of net income in the next three, four, five
 years.
 All right.
 Thank you very much.
 So, good questions.
 in relation to the first question.
 So the cost inflation, yes, I mean, we are insulated in fact for, you know, the projects
 that we have in the short term, we not only have the, in many cases, the actual turbines
 and solar panels delivered and we're sort of the ones that are under construction. We
 We have a high degree of confidence and, let's say, invisibility on that.
 in relation to things which are further out,
 And I believe you mentioned sort of 2023.
 I mean, in those cases, what we're doing to the extent
 that we haven't yet closed this project,
 we will be feeding that through into the PPA.
 as I mentioned in terms of the cost inflation.
 In terms of wind turbines, we also have good visibility.
 We have no indication to the country that, you know, we would not be able to get access
 to the turbines that are being contracted.
 And so that's something which, you know, even recently talking to the teams, I think we
 We have privileged relationship with the different suppliers and so that's something
 again.
 That's
 you know, we don't expect any,
 certainly not any material, nothing that would be sort of out of usual delays or disruptions
 I think in relation to solar it is maybe a slightly different story so in the
 short-term again we have the visibility in many cases we already have the
 panel is actually in our possession and so there's no issue there.
 In the medium term, we are obviously monitoring the supply chain carefully and talking to
 of suppliers almost on a daily basis to really understand if there are any issues.
 So far, you know, I mean,
 The issues that have been highlighted have been delays,
 which could be, let's say, a month,
 that's sort of the type of time frame,
 which is really not material in the context.
 or even if it's with the quarter, one to the other,
 in terms of profitability, we don't see that as an issue.
 But there is a degree of uncertainty in the market
 at the moment.
 And so we are working very closely with the suppliers
 to make sure that we have that, you know, we are able to close that timing so that we
 we have better visibility on that.
 But again, I'd say on wind, certainly there's no issue there in terms of solar, just lack
 of visibility, which we are working through, but so far we have not had any material, let's
 say, indication that we would be out of not able to comply with the targets.
 M&A transaction definitely will be done on balance sheet.
 And I think we have space for that, I mean, this is a transaction which brings also some
 operational megawatts with good profitability, and also a good pipeline, so we would be deploying
 CAPEX in any case in the region.
 And so in that extent, we are not expecting to do anything different from what we would
 normally do. So it would fit within the normal, let's say, structure or balance sheet that
 we would be assuming for the next couple of years, and if you want, then we can also
 comment a bit more detail on that.
 In relation to net income, I mean, this year obviously there have been, you know, as I
 mentioned earlier, there have been some issues which have impacted us, so it's not been
 in a great year.
 We have had much lower wind generation, so that is certainly something which has impacted
 of the year.
 We've had some one-offs like ERCOT, which, again, obviously not, you know, impacted us
 earlier this year, and also in terms of some of the hedges in terms of Spain, I think,
 you know, who he addressed that as well, although that's, let's say, more residual.
 So really, the key thing has been the wind generation.
 I mean, obviously, we are ramping up growth,
 And so ramping up growth means that we ramp up DevX,
 ramp up some of the growth costs, but I think that's what they built into the numbers over
 the, certainly over the medium, medium term. So that's, let's say the guidance I could
 probably give you on that. But then we can come back to that again if you want any more
 Thank you.
 The next question comes in from the line of Manuel Palomo, calling from Exxan, BNP Paribas.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, good afternoon, and thanks for taking the questions.
 I've got a follow up on the transaction.
 I understand that today's non-transaction
 is not just a simple opposition of assets,
 But could you please give us some additional information
 about about the transaction in terms of operational data,
 I mean in terms of the expected EBITDA net profit maybe for the year 2022 and also if
 If you give us a bit of the detail on those 540 megawatts in operation and under construction,
 How much is in operation?
 how much is under construction.
 And my second,
 My second question is related to Spain.
 I've seen that there's been a significant decline
 in the average price in the country from 80.3 to 58.5.
 So, I would ask for a bit of color on the granularity on the different components for this decline in the price given the high wholesale prices that we are seeing.
 And also, I wanted to ask you a bit about your hedging policies for the coming year or
 years in this thing.
 question would be if you have contracted volumes in a span that could put your address in
 in case that the resource continues to be weak.
 And the other question is whether you give us an expectation in terms of volumes that
 are already hatched and also prices at which you have hatched our volumes. Thank you very much.
 Thanks, Manel.
 So, in relation to the first question, I mean, some additional color I can probably provide
 for 2022 is that the expected EBITDA contribution would be around 50 million euros for 2022,
 And we expect that to grow at around 25% keger over the next couple of years.
 So there would be north of 100 million, certainly by 2025, and hopefully, well, I'd say that.
 So in terms of the money financials, you know, and we don't go down to the net income level.
 In terms of megawatts, so I'd say that talking AC, operating end of the year, you'd probably
 be expecting to have around 430 megawatts. The rest would be coming in early next year,
 probably another 200 plus coming in in 22 AC. And hopefully more than that, but I'd say
 Let's say on the control of the side, that would be it.
 So that's probably some of the color
 I can give it this stage in terms of the transaction,
 In terms of timing of closing, you know, it is subject to regulatory approval, so we will
 have to go through that still before we can actually step
 into the company, so what we've done is just signed all of these DSPAs, and we expect
 that would happen, let's say the most optimistic scenario would still be this year, but given
 COVID, etc., maybe early next year. So, in terms of actual closing of the transaction.
 In relation to questions 2 and 3, I can probably ask to pass it on to Roy.
 Thank you Miguel. So regarding Spain, so maybe I think it's better if I just
 No split is in three building blocks.
 So let's start by the actual pre-hedging, OK?
 So we have about 2.5 terawatt hours in this generation, which
 under the regulated framework.
 And then, on average, we have a price of 76.5 euros per megawatt hour.
 Then we have about one terawatt hour, so that's a merchant to those that capacity which is
 under a merchant, you know, on a merchant basis outside the regulatory framework, and
 that was sold at an average price of 67 euros per megawatt hour.
 I mean, this includes the pull price, the waft,
 So the wind-adjusted factor, so on and so forth.
 If you build these two together, you get to an average price of around 74 euros per
 megawatt.
 And this is pre-hatching, okay?
 Now, the second part of this is that, as you know, we have a hedging strategy to mitigate
 volatility and make sure that we have a low risk profile.
 So, you know, before the year started, we had already approximately, or as the year
 It was starting we had approximately 2.2 terawatt hours of energy sold forward at 53.5 years
 per megawatt. So basically when you combine these two, plus the fact that you have a lower
 wind resource this year in Spain.
 Basically, you get down to an average price of the 58.5 euros that we were reporting and
 that you were...
 are referring to. Again, the combination, either or this is the result of the combination
 of, in one hand, the fact that we, and once we have the hedge in place, then, I mean,
 And if there is any delta towards the regulatory hedge, I mean, that is, it will be impacting
 the books and impacted the books. And secondly, because there is a part of this hedging that
 was that we had a short fall in terms of volume and therefore we were not able to generate
 the required power and basically had to buy it at the higher market prices.
 So it's the combination of these two factors that's, you know, what is the actual pre-hedging
 plus the hedging.
 That's yielded you 68.5 euros per megawatt hour.
 As we move forward to 2022, we may be here to comment.
 So we have approximately 70% of our capacity or generation
 hatched for 2022.
 That's an average price of 50 euros per megawatt hour.
 As you know, when it has been, there is now a discussion
 in terms of regulatory, you know,
 some potential regulatory change impacting the 2022, which, you know, the government
 is discussing this with different renewables associations.
 So this is something that we have to wait and see
 what is the outcome of that discussion.
 and to what extent it could potentially impact
 be at a hedging strategy towards 2022.
 I mean, if nothing changes, as I said, I mean,
 we have about 70% of the time.
 That's about 2.2 terabyte hours also head for 22 full year.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes in from the line of Jenny Ping, Coimbra City. Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you very much.
 I have two questions, please.
 Just going back to the point around supply chain,
 We've just heard on the all said core about solar panel delays in the U.S. and Vestas
 obviously reported today, and they highlighted some of the delays around onshore wind two
 two out of three orders are being pushed back.
 I understand you say that you've got very strong relationships,
 but I just wondered whether you can elaborate
 a little bit more around that.
 do you have existing sort of contracts in place to effectively mitigate any, or claw
 back any loss earnings on the back of any delays in some of these supply
 issues which may come through end of this year, next year.
 Just really trying to understand where your strong relationship, how that manifests itself.
 And then, secondly, on Sunseap, my wells are already after quite a bit of the details
 I just wondered whether you can give the debt number, the net debt number that you'll be
 taking on. And then very lastly, an apologies for a newbie question, but when I look at
 Equinor, when I look at Orsted, all of these companies are now starting to report at least
 gives guidance around the EBITDA X gains.
 I just wanted to hear what your latest thoughts on that in terms of your views and including
 the gains in EBITDA.
 good doll. Thank you very much.
 Yeah, thank you.
 So taking the first question on the supply chain.
 I mean, first of all, we have contracts, obviously,
 for everything that is under construction.
 that we have secured. And so to that extent, you know, those contracts typically have clauses
 which in the case of delays or significant delays, there are penalties associated with
 that and you know that's I don't think anyone's interested that there would be
 those delays. We have these long-term relationships. I mean, we've been in this business now for
 for, you know, almost two decades. If we're not the number one customer of Vest as we
 are probably be close, depends maybe on the year. So, I think in relation to that, we,
 You know, obviously we work with them and, you know, try to have the best terms possible,
 but we also have the contract in place.
 And we will, obviously, enforce those.
 And to the, as I mentioned earlier, you know, we have had no indication that there would
 be any delays on the project that we already have on the construction or that we are developing
 over the next year or so. In relation to solar panels, I mean, there, it's not so much a
 question of, well, I'm sorry, in relation to pricing as well, I mean obviously that's
 already built into the contract, so when we lock in the capex, we're also locking in
 the pricing. And so to the extent that it's closed, it's closed. If, for example, we are
 still in the process of an RFP or a TEND or something, and there is an increase in the
 CapEx estimate, then we will see that through into the higher PPA prices or the auction
 prices.
 And so that's why I gave the example of Spain where it's all increasing the tender prices
 and also in some of the PPAs that we are currently negotiating, where we've gone back to the
 customers with higher PPA prices.
 And since it's a general sector-wide thing, that's been accepted.
 So I'd say that that's the visibility that we have.
 in relation to solar, as I say, again, we have good long-term relationships with suppliers
 like Longi, Bovjet, which are some of the top suppliers globally. You know, to the extent
 that there is issues on privacy and there have been.
 We're also feeding that through into increased PPAs.
 In any case, when we talk about increases in PPAs,
 you're talking about maybe two dollars, two euros per megawatt hour.
 I mean, that's the sort of size of the delta
 that we see in some cases.
 in terms of actual timing.
 As I say, there, there is some uncertainty,
 So we have had no indication that there will be any material
 delays, but in any case, it is something that we're following closely. So obviously, we
 are...
 ...
 We know that there have been issues in the supply chain further upstream, and so we're
 I mean, we're continuing to monitor the situation.
 but I don't have any specific guidance to give you on that.
 Apart from that, it seems to be manageable
 within the current context or within the current,
 the estimates that we had given out to the market.
 In terms of net...
 So hopefully that answers the question,
 or it's giving you a little bit more color on the question.
 No, that's perfect.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, in terms of the net debt for SunSeap, so it's around 200 million, so I think we've
 given enterprise value, 870 million, equity value around 600 and something million and
 So I think that's the, you know, the delta would be around 200 million, what we have
 said, however, since that there are some of these projects are
 under construction.
 over the next couple of months, sort of by the end of the year, probably the enterprise
 value would be closer to a billion because of the additional capex that will be in place.
 So, let's say breaking it down into very specific numbers, EV870, as of date of signing, equity
 value 690 net debt 180 and as I say, but the enterprise value will be closer to a billion
 by the end of the year, which is probably when we would do the closing.
 In terms of guidance, I mean, to be honest, we consider and we have been considering now
 for a while, that the depth of rotation strategy is something which is an intrinsic part of
 I mean, we build megawatts, some of them are to keeps, others are to sell, and we give
 visibility on those gains. And so, when you talk about X gains, I mean, what we've indicated
 to the markets.
 Let's say in the context of our business plan is that the capital gain is implicit in the
 business plan are roughly 300 million per year over the next couple of years.
 So if you look at the numbers that you have for EDPR,
 That's sort of the level of gains.
 And so one minus the other would give you, let's say, the guidance X gains.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question comes in from the line of Miquel Zabala,
 from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon, Miguel Julián, I'm Andre.
 To question from me please, so as you pointed out in your slides, the last draft of the
 U.S. reconciliation bill is proposing a 10-year extension for subsidies, would you
 We prefer to say that there is upside to your long-term capacity targets from February.
 And could you give us an idea in terms of the incremental opportunity here versus the
 plan if those extensions become a reality.
 The second question is, we've seen permitting issues in most of the European markets, it's
 which means a problem for new projects.
 So could you please discuss the visibility
 that you have right now with some tips.
 Give any answers.
 Yes, please.
 Thank you.
 So, big vis-à-vis the operational capacity.
 How can you tell us about the permitting situation in some of those Asian markets, is it better
 than in Europe, and also conscious that it's a bit of a different game for distributed
 solar.
 So is it...
 to say that this is easier, a technology easier to permit than utility scale solar.
 Thank you very much.
 Yeah, so, I mean, great questions in relation to the first one.
 I mean, I think actually your first question is slightly related to your second question
 as well. So the 10-year extension is absolutely fantastic. I mean, obviously it gives a big
 boost to the industry as a whole in the U.S. And, you know, it just continues. I mean,
 If renewables is already competitive even without the PTCs, I think this really gives
 an extra boost to continue the growth of renewables in the U.S., both wind and solar, and also
 even other technologies like storage and hydrogen which will also an offshore which also gets
 Let's say that there's just no boost.
 I mean, I wouldn't want to necessarily give a specific target
 because I don't have one of upsides to the long-term goals that we've given.
 What I would say is I would go back to one of the, you know, the comments which I made,
 which is if we want to reach the targets,
 the overall sort of Paris Agreement targets, the one-and-a-half degrees, we would be investing
 4 trillion per year globally as opposed to the 1 trillion. So quite droopling. I mean
 And obviously, that's not the basis for our numbers, so our numbers are based on, I'll
 let's say more conservative growth plans.
 But I mean, this is just a massive amount.
 So I don't think the issue, I mean, the sky is the limit
 in terms of number of megawatts.
 I think the big issue which is on the table in terms of how fast we can roll this out
 is making sure that each individual country
 has very specific targets, so they go from that more aspirational goals to very concrete
 yearly goals over the next 10 years and they translate that for example into
 tenders or they translate that into a sort of specific processes so that they continue
 to drive the demand sort of at the national and at the regional level.
 And I think one of the things which we've also been highlighting both with the European Commission
 and also within associations like Wind Europe or Euroelectric, is around the permitting
 issues.
 But, obviously, some countries are easier than others.
 I think...
 I think there is work that can be done there and that's something that I know at the highest
 level in the European Commission and I think in the European Commission, they are looking
 yet preventing issues, how they can look at the best practices of different countries,
 up with a list, for example, of countries and how they rank in terms of time to be able
 to get the permits done and to get projects sort of approved.
 as you know, can vary quite a lot between different countries.
 And so I think focusing now on some of those issues
 in making sure those are more are facilitated.
 I think that will help certainly translate
 some of these more ambitious targets
 into very concrete numbers on the ground
 and accelerate even more what we're currently seeing.
 in relation to sonship in particular.
 I mean, I think in Asia Pacific, definitely the issues around permitting are relevant
 Because, I mean, it is a densely populated region
 of the world, which is good and bad.
 I mean, it's good because there's a lot of demand there.
 There's a lot of need to decarbonize the economy.
 But it does mean that land is expensive,
 and you need to really manage, let's say,
 just permitting to make sure it's compatible
 with the local communities.
 I think that's why things like floating solar, or reclaiming land, or offshore, I mean all
 those or distributed generation, which is actually something which is really growing
 a lot in a lot of these countries, are ways of reaching those objectives, but in a way
 which is consistent also with the permitting issues
 with the impact on the local communities.
 So, I think Sunseep is being very successful in terms of what they've done of the last
 a couple of years, and the way they have positioned themselves for this.
 In terms of growth going forward, I mean, we're talking about probably being able to
 grow at 200 to 300 megawatts, at least in the short term, per year, AC, and sort of 300-400
 DC.
 And I think we're going to be able to do that.
 I think we're going to be able to do that.
 I think, as I say, I'm probably upsiding that, given the different markets and just
 given the overall size of the region.
 So hopefully that's added a little bit of color to the questions.
 Yeah, yeah, thank you very much.
 The next question comes in from the line of Philip Oropatian,
 Pointing from the O-Dote, please go ahead.
 Yes, good afternoon, just three follow-up questions.
 The first one is concerning the 540 megawatts of Sunseap.
 mentioned at 1 million euro per megawatt, which seems to be quite high, could you just
 elaborate about this figure.
 That's my first question.
 You mentioned also 20 year PPA, which is good news regarding the duration, but is the 670
 megawatts which are in operation and securized are fully under PPA, means 100% of the capacity
 That's the second question, and the last question is concerning the valuation.
 Could you just elaborate how you are valued, the value creation you mentioned on the slide
 11, means that could you just give us some parameter you use, or more simply, I would
 say this on the bracket margin generated versus the construction cost which seems to be quite
 high, somewhere around 50%, could you just elaborate concerning this valuation?
 many thanks.
 OK.
 in relation to the first question.
 So the 540 million.
 I mean, it's kind, but you have to think about it
 in terms of distributed generation.
 So we're talking about of its smaller project sizes, typically would be in the single-digit
 megawatts, and obviously in locations which have higher cost in terms of deployment because
 of...
 Because there are...
 more distributed generation. So, in terms of the CAPEX, you know, given the way they
 were developed, I think it's a normal, or what would be expected. Also, just to remind
 it is AC and not DC.
 And sometimes I think when people are comparing the capex
 numbers for solar, it is important to make that distinction, because obviously it is,
 you know, AC and DC do have around a 20% difference.
 So I think in relation to CAPEX, I mean, obviously we think CAPEX will then continue
 It's come down over the next couple of years, but let's say that would be one first comment
 in relation to that. In relation to the second question, the 20-year PPAs. So, yes, it is
 pretty much fully contracted for the PPAs or regulators. I think that's mentioned here
 on one of the slides.
 I don't have all, you can find exactly the number of the slides but that is fully contracted
 and at the 70, around 75 euros per megawatt hour.
 So I just also highlight the price of the, or the implied price of those PPAs slash regulated.
 in relation to the value creation.
 I'm glad you asked the question.
 I mean, what I would say is, you know, when we look at these projects or we look at these
 acquisitions for a platform. I mean, we are applying the same type of investment metrics
 that we do for other projects.
 So in this case, we would be looking at, let's say, above 2 percent spread over our cost
 of capital.
 And that's assuming, let's say, a relatively prudent growth plan for the next couple of
 years.
 So, let's say, it would be basically taking the current operational project, and let's
 and the margin on that, using that sort of spread, and then also looking at the future
 value creation that will be had with that growth. And overall, it has to be in line
 with our investment criteria, so around the 1.4 times or at least above the 2 percent
 spread.
 So that's sort of the way we would look at it
 from an evaluation perspective.
 That's why in terms of the slide, if you notice,
 I mean, in the way we brought it out, it's the capex,
 and then the value creation and the pipeline.
 And those three bars actually sum up to more, or at least visually they should sum up to
 more, look more than the implied enterprise value actually paid for it, because we do
 We believe we are getting a good return for this investment, assuming a relatively reasonable
 Just one additional, is this means that for the pipeline of the 4.8 gigawatts, you have
 taken the assumption that the utility scale business are going to be bigger than the DG
 and means that your CAPEX will go down towards the normal level of what we are seeing in some
 project around the world somewhere between 0.5, 0.6, that's correct to assume.
 we've looked at and then the probably the best way to think about it is we've looked
 that what would be a reasonable growth rate
 are relatively, you know, being relatively conservative.
 We don't want to be too aggressive here in terms of growth of megawatts over the next
 couple of years until 2025 thereabouts, and the implied value creation that we will be
 getting on that, assuming our typical investment returns. So, you know, around the 1.4 times
 WAC are above 2% spread.
 And so, just saying, is that implied in that pipeline?
 we're assuming that we will develop at least part of it,
 not all of it, but at least part of it over the next couple of years, that we will be
 creating value from that pipeline, and that will give us a return which will be, let's
 quite a bit higher than the 870 that we are paying for the platform.
 Many thanks.
 Okay.
 The next question comes in from the line of Yorga Lonzo, calling from Associate General.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 Just a couple of questions left please regarding the expansion into new markets specifically
 in Asia.
 This is a solar platform, but do you think it could be a good idea for you to look for
 for a similar transaction or a similar approach
 for developing wind in Asia or do you think your capabilities are good enough to go and do it
 directly and the second one is that if you can provide a little bit of
 color about a working progress that you do you expect to have at the end of the
 year, so which amount of money would be invested and reflected in the net debt, but not contributing
 to EBITDA. Thank you very much.
 Thanks, George.
 So in relation to the first comment, I think I mentioned the presentation that we would
 look to leverage on this platform to bring our competencies in wins.
 So, we are not looking, we are not thinking about buying any additional platform in Asia
 for wind, we think that, you know, given the team and the quality of the people there plus
 our own expertise and the people we have internally, that we would be able to build on this platform
 to develop, let's say, the wind component to it.
 So it's not in our plans to go out and do another acquisition for a specific wind platform.
 In relation to the second question, on work in progress, I'm just looking around.
 I'm not sure we have the specific number.
 perhaps we, you know, we can follow that up later, but it's not something I have here
 off the top of my head.
 Next question comes in from the line of Sara Piccini, calling from Mediobanker. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question.
 Just a clarification, if possible, about the dealer of Sunseap.
 So, how do you consider the distributed solar generation versus the utility scale generation?
 do you think is a more risky business, or they have similar characteristics, sorry?
 And when you indicate the 75 euros per megawatt hour, I presume this is for the assets already
 secure, but do you expect this tariff to be applicable also for the future projects?
 And then, also about the pipeline, I understood that a large part of the pipeline is also
 related to floating PV.
 Can you please indicate a level of capex per megawatt
 for this technology.
 And then the second question is about the guidance.
 Could you please indicate what is the level of a beta and net depth that you expect by
 and considering the 300 million capital gains and also the acquisition of Sunseat.
 Many thanks.
 Okay
 Sorry, in relation to your questions, in relation to the first one, distributed generation
 versus utility scale.
 I mean, I think one of the key things, and you know, we've also been doing a lot of work
 on Asia-Pacific and seeing how we can take advantage of the growth opportunity there.
 It is quite densely populated, and I think that's something to bear in mind.
 So...
 ...
 a distributed generation there, which can be sort of, you know, two megawatt, you know,
 type of range or, you know, 1 to 10 megawatt type range can be quite an interesting solution
 because it can be deployed much closer to the industrial customers or the customers that
 Let's say that we are entering into PPAs with and then growing that sort of at scale in
 the region.
 So, it is relatively similar, I'd say, in the sense that you have also a specific
 counterparts and I mentioned some of them you know whether it's an Amazon or
 or Microsoft.
 Those are the type of customers that you can also have in this case.
 That's true for some markets, in other markets, for example,
 in Vietnam, I mean, maybe you have a regulated tariff.
 And so in that case, it would also
 be for the utility scale, it would also be something that we would be considering.
 So, from a technological point of view, it's not so different from a regulatory point of
 view, I mean, the key thing is also looking at the regulation or at the counterparty.
 So...
 I don't think they're very substantially very different businesses at the end of the day.
 And we're not talking B2C, we're talking, you know,
 when I talk distributed generation.
 talking basically C&I and B2B customers so I don't see it as a materially very
 different business.
 In terms of the second question, the 75 years per megawatt hour, so these are for us, it's
 It's already secured.
 I mean, obviously, this will evolve over time, depending on, you know, the countries, depending
 on...
 on whether, you know, what are the capex assumptions that we'll be using or sort of getting for
 a different project.
 I would say that over time we would expect these numbers to probably start coming down as also, you know, the
 the economies of scale start kicking in
 in some of these geographies.
 So, but I would say there would still stay relatively high numbers, certainly compared
 Perhaps some of the numbers we see in other parts of the world, for example, like in
 in Iberia or some parts of the U.S.
 So the 75 years per megawatt hour is for what we have secured.
 I wouldn't expect it to deviate too much
 over the next couple of years.
 In terms of floating PV, solar capex,
 I don't have a specific estimate for that.
 we can get back to you on that when we are looking at, let's say when we are looking
 what is the pipeline, the value of a certain pipeline. The most important thing for us
 this.
 do we think that we can get a positive value creation,
 positive margin on the projects when we invest in them.
 And that's why the metrics that we look for, whether it's the 2% minimum spread or the
 1.4 times work. That's really what's most relevant for us. It then used to be technologically
 feasible, you know, we need to make sure we have a good counterpart and that the PPA is
 these competitors. In terms of the specific CAPEX estimates, maybe you can come back to
 with that. In terms of EBITDA and net income, what I'd say is that, you know, we are still
 comfortable with consensus. And essentially, it will depend very much on, as I mentioned
 in the presentation on closing some of the acid flotation
 transactions before the end of the year.
 So I think we're making good progress there because you know we have several transactions
 on track that we signed earlier this year, and so I'd say, you know, we will be above
 That is our expectation by the end of the year and so in line with EBITDA and net income
 And that's out in the market.
 in which I think it's been given out by IR.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes in from the line of Arleigh Jeffery, pulling from Deutsche Bank. Please
 Go ahead.
 Hi, two questions for me please.
 First is on going back to the poor wind resource that we've seen this year, just asking the
 question again, do you have any reason to believe that the P50 load factors that you're
 is seaming in the future for wind should be lower. For example, are you having any other
 any noises internally, getting louder about having to look at this again, or are you aware
 of any studies that are questioning PA50 life-bacter as we look at them and also are you looking
 to this so you carry out an assessment into this area to see if you're still comfortable
 with where the P-50s are.
 And then the second question I have is just specifically
 on the Portugal and Poland cells, you know, done at quite high EVs, megawatt multiples,
 to 2.4 megawatts, can we expect when you complete these, the gains that you get on these assets
 on a per megawatt basis, more significantly higher than the 250 per megawatt we saw at
 the beginning of the year, because if you assume a typical capex, you might expect that
 the gains here are going to be really quite chunky in excess of 500,000 megawatt perhaps.
 Any comments on that would be much appreciated.
 Thanks very much.
 Okay, hi, so I think in relation to the first question. That's I mean the question. I certainly ask internally constantly and
 And so far, there's no reason to believe that this is changing.
 I mean, that's the honest answer.
 you know, when we look back over 20, 30, 40 years,
 I mean, you know, and look at the long-term trend and instead of we factor in the last
 couple of years or in the last couple of quarters. I mean, there's volatility. There
 has been volatility, it seems to be within the normal range and so the overall trend
 line does not seem to be deviating. So, you know, there will be good years, there will
 It will be bad years.
 And this is clearly not a good year, but...
 The only voice, I think, that is Hui and myself making sure internally that we are sufficiently
 comfortable to be able to tell you and, you know, and the rest that, you know, we have
 no reason to believe that this is changing. And so that's the question we ask ourselves
 internally and that assessments we've been looking at and sort of the statistics we've
 been looking at, and as I say, nothing has led us to believe that there is a change.
 in relation to the second question.
 I mean, yes, you are right.
 I would say particularly in the case of Portugal, it would be a higher multiple per megawatt
 in Poland probably be more in line with the values that you indicated, I mean, we will
 provide specific numbers on that, obviously, when we close them. It is all subject to adjustments
 to, you know, changes depending on the contractual provisions that we have with the buyers.
 And so that's why we're...
 we typically only give out the final numbers when we actually close the transaction. So
 So hopefully by year end, we will have done that, and then we'll be able to provide a
 additional information on that.
 but I would say yes, I mean your intuition is right
 that the gains per megawatt will be higher than the 250.
 Thank you.
 The final question comes in from the line of George Gamarro,
 from JB Capital. Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon, I just have to follow up questions if I might the first is a technical one related to your
 to our issues with regulatory edging in spines.
 I would like to understand exactly the mechanics of what
 happened in the quarter.
 And if possible, if you can quantify what
 was the impact in the quarter of the regulatory edge,
 as you might call it.
 And the second one is related to distributed generation.
 you are doing a massive push on distributed generation
 with this acquisition of stunt tip, could we see,
 And this is a theme that you mentioned in the past.
 Could we see EDPR buying more platforms
 of distributed generation in other geographies.
 Thank you very much.
 as well.
 So in relation to the first one, I then pass it to we
 and probably in more detail, we can also
 then take it offline just to walk you through the exact mechanics.
 But that's all I'll pass it to Huy.
 Perhaps I'll just answer the second question first.
 And then before I pass the ball, I mean, in relation to DG,
 I think, well, first, we're talking about, typically,
 these platforms are more B2B or CNI.
 And so the line between DG and utility scale sometimes
 it becomes more blurred, certainly in certain geographies.
 So I think our position has been that the same way
 that we look at, you know, wind, solar, offshore,
 within these technologies, you then have slightly different segments.
 sometimes these are blurred. So you can have, for example, a utility scale in France, which
 It can be maybe 10 megawatts, and you can have what we would call distributed generation,
 which might be also some single digits, or close to 10 megawatts, depending just because
 is behind the meter. So I think, you know, we do see synergies there and we do see these
 There's different ways of, let's say, attacking the market in different geographies and also
 depending on the particular regulatory environment.
 I wouldn't see ourselves buying a lot more platforms or at least we don't have a strategy
 for going out and buying more DG platforms.
 we have done that selectively where we think it adds value to us.
 So this is one case.
 I mean, SunTip does both, because it's expected going forward to do about 50% each, 50% utility,
 50% more, let's say, C&I, DG.
 We have done that in the U.S. with C2, so that's also a complement to our existing
 platform in the U.S.
 And I think that also gives us a good insight
 into the dynamics of the, say, the DG market in the US.
 So again, we will do it selectively.
 We do think it's a good way, particularly in some geographies of getting
 access to more growth, particularly, let's say, on the solar side.
 But it's not something that we have an active strategy of specifically going out to buy
 buying more of those platforms.
 In relation to the first question,
 We want to take that.
 Yeah, thank you, Miguel, hi, Rosh.
 So definitely, we can take it offline
 and go through in more detail, but just in a ballpark.
 So we have about 15 million euros impact,
 It's 10 to 15 million years' impact in Q3 from this financial hedging in Spain.
 Our full year estimate is around 25 million on the basis of a P-50 wind resource in the
 fourth quarter, so that's, you know, the amount, sort of the range that we are talking about.
 I mean, the mechanics just, you know, in one minute is basically once, if you're, if you
 have regulatory, so wind farms and the regulatory framework.
 and if we are hedged, as you know,
 and if the price goes above the regulatory cap,
 you'll have to get that additional revenue back to the system.
 But if you are hedged, because we decided to hedge some
 volumes within the color so that we don't take that volatility, then you need to give
 back the delta to your hedging and not to the regulatory cap.
 So, you know, that's what it's impacting.
 But again, if you want what I can do is we take it offline and go step by step so that
 that you can get comfort on the numbers and the dynamics.
 Are we there?
 Thank you.
 final question in the queue.
 Thank you.
 Okay. Thank you very much, everyone.
 Good afternoon.
 Thanks, everyone.
 Take care.
 Bye-bye.