 Thank you.
 welcome to the 9MED21 eDPR results call. My name is Courtney and I'll be your coordinator
 for today's event.
 Please note that this call is being recorded
 and for the duration of the call,
 your lines will be on listen only however you will have the opportunity to ask questions
 This can be done by pressing start 1 on your telephone keypad to register your question.
 If you require assistance at any time, please press star zero and you will be connected to an operator.
 And I will now hand you over to your host, Andre Fernandez, Head of Investor Relations,
 Planning and Control and Sustainability, to begin today's conference.
 Thank you.
 Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you very much for attending EVPR's third quarter 2021
 RESULTS CONFERENCE CALL.
 So we have here with us our CEO, Miguel Spielberg-Andrade, and our CFO, Rui Teixeira, who will
 We'll run you through the key highlights of the business plan execution and of the nine-month
 results. We'll then move into Q&A, in which we will be taking your questions. This call
 It's expected to last around one hour, and I'll now give the floor to our CEO, Miguel
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Andre.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 I hope you're all doing well.
 It's always a pleasure to be on these calls and be able to not only present what we've
 been doing but also take your questions afterwards.
 So anyway, today we have a lot to talk about.
 So, I'll get straight into the presentation.
 We move to slide five and just giving you a broad overview of the business plan execution.
 of all in the key pillar, so growth.
 we are ramping up
 And we have around 2.5 gigawatts added year-on-year.
 So this is good progress towards the three gigawatt plus, which we were aiming for in
 the 2021 to 2023 growth targets.
 So this is actually the largest number of megawatts ever built by EDP Renewables in
 12 months.
 And I'd really like to highlight that this shows that there is a successful ramp-up of the growth rate, and it should give us confidence on the execution of the growth plan.
 Also today, we just announced the acquisition of Sunseep.
 You will have seen that news, I'm sure, this morning.
 I think it establishes a great
 platform in Asia Pacific.
 This is a region, and I'll talk a little bit about this later on, but it's a huge growth
 potential in the region. So, that's something I think that's worth also highlighting obviously.
 On secured capacity, we now have 8.1 gigawatts secured, out of which 7.9 gigawatts in 2021 to 2023.
 So that's around 75% of our 2021-2023 target.
 I think good progress there.
 And we also have visibility on an additional 4.1 gigawatts of PPAs in our key markets,
 in which we are either shortlisted or currently under negotiation.
 So we will hopefully be giving good visibility on the rollout of those PPAs also in the next couple of months.
 So overall, solid ramp-up of growth, a good platform for growth in Asia-Pacific, and also strong execution with short-term visibility on the additional PPAs.
 On the asset rotation program, so the pillar here in the middle, we continue to see strong
 market appetite and attractive valuations, both for wind and solar.
 we have the 2.3 billion
 of asset rotation proceeds
 multiples continue to be very attractive.
 on average 1.6 million euros per megawatt, 1.7 for wind and 1.2 for solar.
 So I'll go there in a little bit more detail in a minute.
 As of September, we have 550 million of asset rotation proceeds, overall capital gains of
 151 million following the Mayflower earn out of 30 million. So overall, we're on track to deliver
 capital gains above the 300 million euros of guidance that we've given for this year.
 And we have a couple of transactions, which we've already announced, but which we're hoping to close over the next couple of weeks or months.
 But hopefully at least one or two by the end of the year.
 excellence which is the third pillar.
 So for the nine months to date, EDP Renewables has achieved 28% load factor.
 This is down 0.6% year on year, but it still reflects 95% of the expected gross capacity
 factor.
 We have had a bad year in terms of wind.
 I mean, low resource, particularly in the U.S. and Spain.
 And I think that's something that we've talked about
 in previous quarters, and the third quarter was no exception.
 operations.
 We continue with a strong performance with core OPEX per megawatt decreasing 3% year-on-year.
 And on the technical side, we continue to deliver a good availability of 97%, so slightly
 above year-on-year.
 So in terms of operations, I think good performance there.
 On ESG, execution is well on track for the business plan targets.
 We have already most of the initiatives already in progress
 under the Changing Tomorrow Now program.
 And finally, I mean, just on a note, it's not here on the slide, but we have an EBITDA of 917 million euros, net income of around 150 million, 148 million.
 this is mostly impacted by the lower capital gains year-on-year the first
 quarter one-off ERCOT event and lower generation
 or lower wind in the U.S. and Spain.
 I think that's something we have to recognize.
 So it hasn't been a great year from a wind resource perspective, and overall the high
 pool prices in the third quarter.
 it's also introduced some pressure on the hedges.
 In Spain in particular, the EBITDA is $4245 million below expectation in the nine months,
 30 million of which is from low wind, especially in the second and third quarter, which is below
 the P50
 And then you have around $10 million to $15 million from financial hedges in the third quarter, given the high prices combined with low generation.
 So I'll go through this in more detail and we will also
 elaborate more on this.
 Anyway, let's move forward to slide 6.
 here on the growth platform for Asia-Pacific that we and the Sunseed transaction we announced
 today.
 we had
 20 gigawatts of additions until 2025
 set out in the strategic plan.
 one point four gigawatts
 we outlined or highlighted will come from new markets.
 These new geographies do bring us optionality.
 They bring diversification to our portfolio.
 and so the expansion into Asia Pacific was something we've been working on now for a while so
 I think today's news is certainly good news
 We move to slide seven, just talking a little bit about the overall Asia-Pacific market.
 market.
 of the largest renewables markets globally. It has strong growth expectations, especially
 in solar.
 We're talking about 120 gigawatts per year in terms of growth.
 So it's a massive market, and at EDP Renewables, we really felt it was important to tap this opportunity and have a foothold.
 and then
 Thank you.
 Please stand by whilst we re-establish the connection with our speakers.
 Thank you for your patience.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your patience.
 please stand by whilst we re-establish the connection with your host.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your patience.
 The connection has been re-established.
 Speakers, please continue.
 Okay.
 Okay?
 Sorry for the technical difficulties.
 difficulties. I mean, I think this is the first. I'm told that we somehow got disconnected
 around Site 7, so I'll resume on Site 7.
 hopefully you haven't heard from that before.
 So I'll just go back to slide 7 and talk about Asia Pacific.
 So this is really one of the largest markets globally.
 It's got, you know, huge growth expectations, especially in solar.
 And some key numbers which I think are worth highlighting.
 120 gigawatts per year market.
 So it's really a massive market.
 55% of the global growth in renewables, and solar represents 65% of this growth in Asia-Pacific.
 Also, something which I'm sure everyone will be familiar with, is that this is a great
 with, which is, I mean, this is a highly populated, densely populated region, so it's over 4 billion
 people and over 50% of the global power demand.
 And finally, just to say that countries like China, Japan, South Korea, they've all committed
 to net zero emissions by 2050 or 2060.
 And so there does seem to also be a general trend towards decarbonization in the region
 and promoting renewals.
 And so just a final message on this slide, if we are serious
 about reaching net zero by 2050, and there is a broad consensus around this, then all
 regions and all countries will need to contribute to this target.
 And so we want to make sure that EDP Renewables is positioned in the long run to take advantage
 of this opportunity.
 So I think I'd just like to highlight this in relation to this region, which is obviously,
 which is, I think, key to making us global.
 And that's exactly the topic of the next slide.
 So PsyDate, with this platform, we now become truly global.
 So we already had a very strong platform in the US, very strong platform in Europe.
 We have a good platform in Latin America with Brazil, Chile, Colombia.
 and now we set up this platform also in Asia-Pacific.
 So we think that Sunseep's team is very complementary to EDPR, both geographically and technologically.
 their footprint, solar pipeline
 together with our
 scale and our capabilities
 the fact that we have for example wind
 that we can also bring to the table.
 that means that we believe we will be able to build out the platform and
 accelerate the growth in the region.
 are having once we complete the acquisition
 will be present in 25 markets
 representing 75% of global growth over the next decade.
 So that's, you know, we'll have a very strong representation in all of the key markets.
 Moving to slide nine, and a specific comment on Sunseep.
 So it is a solar-focused platform.
 It is based out of Singapore, present in nine markets, 550 megawatts of operating and under-construction assets.
 Most of these in Singapore with a very low risk profile.
 As you know, Singapore is a AAA rating.
 Sunseep is also present in Vietnam, where EDPR is also present, so we'll be able to integrate our positions there.
 very young assets below two years
 20-year contracted revenues, so 76% of that PPAs and 24% regulated.
 at an average price of 75 euros per megawatt hour.
 So, low-risk, stable, long-term cash flows completely aligned with the EDPR strategy.
 also they bring very strong client relationships
 and a track record
 the off takers include some of the EDPR clients in Europe and in the US
 So companies like Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple.
 So solar distributed generation represents around 70% of the operating and under construction
 portfolio. And it's a key technology, obviously, to grow in Asia Pacific. Going forward, utility scale
 will also play a key and increasingly relevant role.
 So Sunseep brings a strong footprint in Asia Pacific, a great track record over 10 years
 of success
 of successfully developing the business there.
 It's got a fantastic management team with a lot of local knowledge, over 400 employees
 ease and growing, given the growth of the market.
 So that will facilitate the local culture know-how
 and also the long-term build-up of relationships.
 So I think they have a great reputation in the region, and I think that gives us a lot
 of confidence to leverage on that and accelerate growth.
 also very importantly
 and moving to slide 10.
 Sunseep has a great pipeline.
 So overall, the portfolio is around 5.5 gigawatts.
 So on top of the 550 megawatts of operating on the construction, there are 130 megawatts
 of contracted capacity, so almost 700 megawatts of secured capacity.
 and we have a pipeline of almost 5 gigawatts
 in different stages of development, so around 2 gigawatts of advanced stage and 2.8 gigawatts
 of early stage.
 Future growth will have, obviously, more geographic diversification and also higher exposure to solar utility scale going forward.
 Moving on to slide 11, I'm talking just a little bit about valuations and stakes.
 So we are leveraging our capabilities to really accelerate the growth and the value creation
 in Asia-Pacific through SunSea.
 The way we see it, it's putting the business on steroids and really leveraging it up.
 We will have a 87% stake.
 take. This may actually increase to around 91%. Sunseep has, as I mentioned, a great
 management team.
 So the founders will stay invested with around the 6.5%.
 and with their incentives fully aligned with the growth and the profitability of the business.
 So I think this is the key point to make sure that we have a smooth transition and we really
 bring the local experience and the new culture to EDPR with obviously they have a great knowledge
 of the markets and the developments in the Asia-Pacific markets and so we want to make
 sure that, you know, that we are able to merge the companies well and really leverage on
 Sunseep to take it even further and make it grow even faster.
 Together with the founders and the management, we will have around 94% that may actually
 increase to 98%.
 In terms of valuation, so the implied price we are paying is around 870 million euros.
 Breaking this down, I'd say that there's one block,
 which is CAPEX, so implicit in the 550 megawatts. Since it's mostly solar distributed generation,
 as an average CAPEX per megawatt AC, okay?
 So this is important to stress.
 This is easy, not easy.
 D.C.
 of around 1 million euros.
 We have the value creation associated with the operating and the construction assets
 together with the security capacity.
 So, a total of 700 megawatts.
 And I'm sure you can come up with an NPV per mega reference for this bucket.
 I just reemphasize that these assets are very young.
 They have 20-year contracted revenues at an average price of 75 years per megawatt hour.
 And finally, there's a pipeline and a platform, and we believe we'll be creating significant
 value from the existing pipeline and we'll be able to leverage the SunTip model so with
 strong development capabilities in this footprint in nine markets to really deliver the growth
 going forward.
 Overall, for ADPR, it really opens up a new region of the world where we didn't have a
 significant presence, and we think that this together, in terms of solar, together with
 what we can bring in wind will really mean that we can ramp up this platform, as I say,
 in the Asia-Pacific region.
 Okay.
 That's Sunseep.
 see.
 I'd like to now talk you through some of the other key metrics for the business.
 If we move to slide 12, we have around 8 gigawatts secured, 8.1 gigawatts secured.
 So it's up 2.7 gigawatts year-to-date.
 And I think that shows the origination capabilities
 and also the competitive projects that we are able to bring.
 If we zoom in just on 2021 to 23, as I mentioned earlier,
 We'll have around 7.9 gigawatts secured already until 23.
 So that's around 75%.
 We continue to have a disciplined investment approach, and so I think attractive returns,
 low-risk profile
 contracted NPV of around 60%.
 So we continue to see those metrics across the different projects that we are investing in.
 And so overall, strong visibility on the 2021-2030 timeframe and also a solid risk-return profile.
 We move to slide 13, and this is something we've talked
 about previously, but just to give you an update on this.
 But we continue to be protected from CapEx cost inflation, as we've discussed on previous calls,
 and we have limited exposure on 10% of our secure capacity.
 For new projects, we are seeing the PPA market and the auctions adjusting to the sector-wide increase in CAPEX.
 So from that perspective, it's not hindering our competitiveness when bidding for new projects.
 and the return thresholds are being preserved.
 So just to give you a specific example, for example, if you look at the Spanish auction now in October,
 where you'll have seen that the average price of the auction went up.
 That has to do, we believe, with the adjustment also to the new capex expectations.
 are also seeing that when we are doing bilateral discussions on PPAs, where we are seeing those
 prices feeding through into new PPA prices, revised
 PPA prices under discussion and being accepted by clients.
 In relation to the supply chain, we have a strong position.
 We have a privileged relationship, I'd say, with the suppliers.
 And so we continue to monitor and to manage any disruptions that might happen to the supply chain.
 In relation to wind, we feel comfortable.
 There doesn't seem to be any material issue with our project in the short and the medium term.
 In solar, it's something we're monitoring more closely, obviously, to make sure that any disruptions are dealt with quickly and that we can manage that in the context of our development and construction.
 If we move to slide 14, in terms of pipeline, we continue to ramp up.
 We have good short-term visibility on growth.
 I wanted to highlight that 60% of the current secured capacity has been secured through PPAs.
 So that's a market where we continue to be very active, and we actually expect it to increase even more over the coming years.
 So, as I mentioned earlier, 4.1 gigawatts of PPA is under
 negotiation and shortlisted which we hope will provide short-term
 visibility on additional capacity.
 Side 15, on offshore, ocean winds continues to grow, so operating capacity now 1.5 gigawatts in 2022, expected to reach 3.4 gigawatts by 2025.
 Moray East finalized construction.
 I had the pleasure of being up in Scotland a couple of weeks ago
 to just to inaugurate the O&M Center in Fraserburgh.
 We're moving ahead also with some other projects in Scotland, so the Moray West, we're also
 I expect to give visibility on that soon.
 We have several other projects that we are continuing to develop, Poland, U.S., South
 Korea, we are
 We are participating in the RFP in Massachusetts for Mayflower.
 hopefully we'll have visibility on that soon and also in relation to scotwinds we'll also have
 visibility on that soon so we have a good strong presence in Scotland so let's
 But let's wait and see what comes out of that auction.
 Slide 16, just a quick comment here on asset rotation.
 You will have seen most of these numbers.
 So just very quickly, $2.3 billion of proceeds, 30% of the $8 billion target for the full five-year plan.
 we're overall very happy with the multiples achieved in the execution.
 Within the third quarter, we upsized the U.S. transaction
 to 80% and we also signed the Polish transaction.
 so clearly we are on track to deliver capital gains north of 300 million in 2021.
 the actual value will depend on the timing of the regulatory approvals and
 in the closing of each transaction.
 So all in all, execution on the asset rotation going well.
 We continue to see strong appetite from investors.
 AND SO NOW OUR EFFORTS ARE TOTALLY ON THE REGULATORY
 approval side to make sure that we can get at least some of
 these over the line here by the end of 2021.
 Slide 17, a quick note on ESG.
 So circular economy by diversity, we have been promoting a lot of the waste recovery
 in the operational phase for a while.
 So extending our best practices now to the rest of the value chain.
 Repowering, although it's still not very material, EDPR is focused on tackling the
 repowering wave that we expect post-2025, especially in Spain, Portugal, and the U.S.
 So far, we've done, we've repowered two wind farms in Spain, and we are repowering another
 and in the U.S.
 In the two sites that we repowered in Spain, most of the waste generated was recovered, so almost 95%.
 In this respect, we are participating also in some blade recycling projects in Spain, the U.S., and also in Portugal, and 100% of the area impacted during the repowering processes in Spain were fully restored.
 In relation to communities, we obviously want to make sure that we work with the local communities
 so that we are able to keep the alignment
 with our core business and make sure that we are able to develop our projects in harmony
 with the local communities.
 In terms of people, we are aiming to achieve 36% female employees.
 Currently, we're at 32%, but 37% of our new hires are all women, which I think contributes
 well to achieving your goals, so definitely looking out for a quality of opportunities
 there. And lastly, just in relation to the sustainable supplier's goal, what we've been
 asking.
 asking our core business suppliers is basically in terms of health and safety, environmental,
 ethical criteria
 to be totally aligned with us.
 So it's not just a question of EDPR having certain goals and targets.
 it's also making sure that that extends to our suppliers,
 at least our key suppliers.
 And with this business plan, as you know, we have the idea of going one step further
 by making sure that we have these ESG goals
 totally aligned with the suppliers.
 So I'll stop here and I'll turn it over to Hui to walk you through the nine months results and then come back at the end for closing remarks.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Miguel.
 Good afternoon to you all.
 So, let's move on to the nine-month results.
 So on slide 19, our financial performance year-on-year has been, as you know, mostly impacted by, on one hand, lower capital gains.
 the one-off haircut event in Q1,
 and also the lower generation that we have been observing in U.S. and Spain.
 So we achieved a 917 million euros EBITDA and 148 million euros net profit in these first
 nine months.
 That's on the back of the generating 21.0-watt hours of clean energy, that's a 5% so that's
 22 million at the net profit so on top of the hundred million gain on the US
 asset rotation.
 We have also some positive price adjustments from 2020 transactions in offshore and in this rosewater build and transfer project, along with 30 million euros earned out from Mayflower.
 Below EBITDA, we continue to improve our average cost of debt, 3.4% versus 3.5%.
 So that's a reduction of about 0.2 percentual points year on year.
 In the U.S., our top line is impacted by the Q1 One Offer Code event.
 We extensively discussed this in the first quarter, but also by the fact that we are
 below the average resource.
 For the period, we also have a weak wind resource in Spain as well.
 And let me just highlight here some impact that we have in Spain that, of course, are
 hitting us in the nine month result.
 Overall, Spain is about 40 to 45 million euros below our expectation for the nine-month 2021.
 one. Out of these three,
 around 30 million are from low
 wind, and that's particularly in the Q2
 and Q3, where we have
 You know, we are below the 90% of our P50.
 and about 10 to 15 million euros
 from financial hedges in Q3, given the high prices and the low generation.
 Just to give you an expected full-year result from this impact with the P50 in terms of
 of wind for the fourth quarter is around 25 million euros.
 so i think it's also worth highlighting that uh...
 given pool only went above the 60 euros per megawatt hour in July,
 the regulatory adjustment
 that is booked in the Q3,
 concentrates the regular auditory adjustment for the full
 minor month
 So there is a concentration to technicality, but there is a concentration here in the Q3.
 So just a snapshot in the balance sheet, net debt decrease year-to-date to 3.32 billion euros.
 This is, of course, on the back of the 1.5 billion capital increase, around 240 million
 asset rotation, so the equity
 proceeds from that, and around
 0.6 billion of tax equity, which is already booked for the U.S. project.
 And, of course, it impacts the net debt reduction.
 I think it's important now that if we move to the operational side
 SO IF YOU MOVE TO SLIDE 20, HIGHLIGHTING THAT, YOU KNOW, WE
 We added 2.5 gigas of wind and solar capacity year on year.
 This is the highest capacity ever installed by EDPR in a 12-month period.
 I think it is demonstrating how we are ramping up the business and the growth rate.
 In addition to that, we have 2.7 gigas, which are under construction.
 I think this, you know,
 These are numbers that speak from themselves in terms of the ramping up of the growth profile
 at TDPR.
 Year and year, we successfully completed one gigawatt net of asset rotation deals.
 That's in Spain and the U.S.
 So we ended the period with a 13-giga portfolio by the end of September 2021, and it really
 balanced mix across the main platform.
 So North America,
 55%, Europe around 40%,
 And the rest of the world, Brazil 5%, and, you know, just still a minority position in
 the rest of the world here just considering Vietnam, so not yet incorporating the acquisition
 that Miguel referred to
 sensitive in attack.
 Our load factor achieved 28% in this nine months.
 It is a recovery in Iberia and Brazil.
 Naturally, this is offset by the one-off haircut event.
 and across this period a little resource in the U.S.
 technical availability at good levels 97 percent that's likely above
 this number
 for next year.
 Electricity output increased 5% year on year, so this, of course, benefits from the capacity
 additions.
 naturally this is offset by the lower resource. So we generate 21.5
 terawatt-hours of clean energy.
 So we can say that we have avoided 13 million tons of CO2 emissions.
 in North America, Europe, and Brazil,
 generated respectively around 58 percent to 37 percent and 6 percent of the total
 input.
 On page 21, looking into the revenues, we have a reduction vis-à-vis last year, so
 It was a 5% reduction.
 Of course, this is due to sell-downs.
 So if you were to see this on a like-for-like basis,
 We would be plus 2% versus 9 months 2020, but also driven by the lower average price,
 around 51 euros
 per megawatt hour in some unfavorable effects, which, as I said, you know, as I said before,
 it's also partly upset by
 It's a new capacity.
 In Europe, the average price decreased 10% to 74 euros.
 That's, of course, driven to
 Spain, the asset mix, not only the asset mix from the 2020 asset rotation deal, but also
 So the impact of the regulatory and financial hedges in the context of very high pool prices.
 in Portugal, the tariff extension and the new additions.
 And in the rest of Europe, we actually observed an 11% increase in terms of the average revenue
 price or price increase that of course offsets these reductions in Spain and Portugal.
 In North America, the average price increased by 1% with higher merchant prices that are
 offset by
 that were
 upset by the
 their body
 in Q1.
 In Brazil, average price was up by 9%, 239 rials, Brazilian rials, and these, of course,
 back on the fact that we have
 were exposed to higher merchant prices
 and also
 the evolution in terms of capacity.
 REVENUES
 totaled 1.3 billion
 with impact from the sell-down, so that's a reduction of $92 million year-on-year,
 lower average prices, so that's minus 27 million
 year-on-year, if we exclude sell-down.
 And some forex translation, as I mentioned in the beginning, and others, that account
 for about 54 million
 election versus
 last year, which, of course, they are not offset by the capacity additions that contribute
 to around 118 million year-on-year.
 So, like for like, as I said before, if you are to adjust for the sell-downs, we would
 have an increased revenues in EDPR by 2% year on year.
 On the OPEX, moving to the next slide, naturally, you know, we keep a very, you know, focus, you know, in terms of excellence of the operations.
 So, core OPEX per average megawatt is up only by 1% year-on-year.
 So, actually, this is a minus 3% if adjusted on the back of our O&M strategy.
 and of course, as you know, we have been
 in front-loading the company in terms of resources to meet the business plan growth.
 This leads us to have an EBITDA of 917 million euros.
 Of course, this is driven not only by the top-line performance,
 capital gains year on year
 here.
 And in terms of the geographical mix, you know, pretty much a 50-50 contribution from
 North America and Europe to EDPR results on a consolidated basis.
 On the net profit, we ended up the period with 148 million euros, again on the back of the
 the top-line performance.
 The financials have improved on the financials as I said in the beginning.
 we have improved our cost of debt to 3.4% so that's a reduction 0.2 percentual points
 versus last year.
 I would like to emphasize that on the P&L tax as a negative impact here on here, but
 But the bulk of this is non-cash, and cash taxes are neutral when you compare it to the
 nine-month results 2020. So on the next slide, in terms of debt, net debt and tax equity
 increased 191 million euros. Of course, you know, the asset rotation proceeds and capital
 increase.
 they are they have a federal funded the the growth acceleration
 SO BY SEPTEMBER, WE ACTUALLY HAVE THAT APPROXIMATELY
 100 million lower versus the 31st of December last year and you know almost
 90% of the 3.3 billion net debt is at the fixed interest rate. So as you know it's part of our risk profile.
 Tax equity increased to $1.4 billion, naturally following the $0.6 billion of tax equity proceeds
 that we announced recently,
 but also offset by the
 deconsolidation of the tax equity
 associated with the U.S. as a rotation deal in June.
 And just also to finalize, focusing on the period ESG on this slide 25, so starting by
 provide the environmental performance.
 As I said before, we avoided 13 million tons of CO2 emissions, so we are effectively contributing
 to this global challenge of reaching a net zero.
 the company's emissions
 represent only about 0.2% of the avoided ones.
 In terms of circularity, we are maintaining our recovery ratios aligned with previous
 years.
 is working naturally to improve on those.
 In biodiversity, no significant spills, no significant fires.
 we have
 56 near misses
 and year-on-year, I mean, the variation is pretty much aligned with the company growth.
 dimension. As Miguel said,
 we have surpassed
 2,000 employees, so that's a 23% increase year on year, and actually, you know, moving towards
 our diversity goal with the percentage of female employees increasing to 32%.
 regarding health and safety.
 safety. There was an average
 of 1.7 work-related accidents per million work hours, 64 lost work days per million
 worked hours, which is in line year-on-year. Unfortunately, we have some severe accidents
 to severe accidents that are
 impacting naturally
 the business and
 you know, we can, we have been
 dedicating
 a significant amount of time to improve
 the health and safety across the different operations and construction sites, so learning
 from these lessons, unfortunately.
 And just a final note regarding communities,
 EDPR maintained its 5 million euros cumulative investment in access to energy.
 we reached 1.1 million euros
 in social investment, so that's slightly lower year on year, naturally given the COVID-19
 response plan that we implemented last year within our local communities.
 And with this, I would hand back to Miguel for his closing remarks.
 WORKS.
 Thank you, Rui.
 So, just to finalize the presentation, just a couple of words on the overall environment
 and also on the outlook for renewables.
 First, and if we move to slide 27, we continue to see an environment, a policy environment
 which is highly supportive of the energy transition.
 I mean, we have the recent news flow from Com26,
 which I'm sure you're following now taking place in Glasgow.
 and I think it just comes
 to show sort of the need to really elevate the global commitments and also different
 measures that the various different countries and political leaders and companies are taking
 to fight climate change.
 So clearly this fight for climate change requires strong fundamentals.
 it will have an unprecedented growth in renewables, which
 I think it's an interesting document.
 I'm sure you've read, highlighted by the International Energy Agency's World Energy
 Outlook, which was just recently
 released now in mid-October, and states said to limit global warming to one and a half
 degrees.
 require an annual global clean energy investments of 4 trillion
 in by 2030.
 So four times as much as the one trillion which was invested in 2020.
 I mean, these are absolutely staggering values.
 And, I mean, even a fraction of this would be a significant increase versus what we are seeing today.
 and I believe there is obviously
 political rule by a lot of different countries
 to move in that direction.
 direction. In Europe, in particular, which has been a champion of climate change, the
 European Commission's toolbox to tackle the increase in energy costs, which has been obviously
 a big issue on the agenda recently.
 is very much to reinforce the need to deploy renewables.
 Clearly we need to also have energy efficiency solutions, we need to continue to build out
 about grids across the continent.
 There will be the need to deploy 750 billion euros from the European Next Generation Funds.
 And that's a process we expect will now be moving to the stage of application of projects
 at the national level, and hopefully we'll have more
 more visibility during 2022.
 But, I mean, bottom line is the European Commission has been very aggressive
 and I think very consistent in its fight for common change
 in supporting the need for deploying renewables
 and electrifying the economy and so forth.
 to the U.S.
 I mean, clearly, I'm sure we've all been watching closely
 the Build Back Better Framework
 package, which is being
 discussion. So as you know, there was already one package
 which had been approved, the infrastructure bill,
 which was, let's say they were tying it to the second package as well.
 well. It's currently estimated at around $1.8 trillion, the Bills Back Better bill. It includes
 the long-term visibility
 of the fiscal incentives for clean energy investments, so the PTCs and the ITCs, potentially
 extending those. And it gives a tax credit total amount of $320 billion to support the
 renewables in the medium term. So clearly the U.S. seems to be taking some good
 steps, hopefully in the very, very short term, in the next couple of days, hopefully no more
 than a couple of weeks.
 there will be visibility on
 closing that. And as you know, it's been something which has been around for a while, but it
 seems that people are quite optimistic about this.
 In terms of key takeaways, so slide 28 and then just before moving on to Q&A.
 So first, we really are going global now.
 I mean, we were already a global company, but now present in 25 markets, which exposes the company to 75% of worldwide growth in renewables until 2030.
 So I think this is a very significant step that we're taking.
 this growth platform in Asia-Pacific
 basically will leverage on Sunseep.
 So, as I say, an established platform, fully consistent with our portfolio.
 It's got a low-risk, long-term contractor profile, which is very similar to or something
 that we like very much.
 EDP renewables ramping up the growth, 2.5 gigawatts added year on year, 2.7 gigawatts under construction, so getting closer to the 3 gigawatts target per year.
 And we now have over 8 gigawatts secured with good returns and risk profile.
 And so that's a 75% of the target until 2023.
 As a rotation, I've talked about very solid and good.
 financials have been impacted in this third quarter, the nine months to date, by the lower
 capital gains year-on-year, lower generation U.S. and Spain, but we believe that the attractive
 change.
 the competition deals that we've done,
 uh... will allow us to
 uh...
 to close the gap over the next couple of months.
 So I think there's a need to look through the short-term pressure and really think about
 the underlying potential and growth of EDP renewables, which is absolutely fantastic.
 So the growth outlook continues to be very strong.
 We see it very strongly.
 And EDP Renewables is extremely well positioned to capture it globally now in all the different
 platforms.
 And so I'd just really like to reiterate, I mean, on behalf of the team, clearly very
 through this topic about the growth prospects for the business in the different regions
 And now looking forward to also tackle the growth opportunity in Asia Pacific.
 So, clearly focused on the U.S., Europe, Latin America, and now this additional region.
 So, focused on the plan, focused on delivering the megawatts and the numbers, and now happy
 to turn it over to Q&A.
 So, Andrea.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Miguel, so we can move now to Q&A.
 Thank you.
 as a reminder
 If you would like to ask a question on today's call,
 to please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 Please ensure your line is unmuted locally and you will be advised when to ask your question.
 If you change your mind and wish to withdraw your question, please press star 2.
 So as a reminder, that was star 1 on your telephone keypad if you would like to ask a question.
 And our first question comes in from the line of Alberto Gandolfi
 calling from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead
 Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 The first one is to go back a little bit on slide 13.
 You basically said that you're insulated from any cost inflation.
 So I just wanted to confirm, can you maybe, again, specify on a time horizon basis,
 basis, you know, do you think you are protected on cost inflation until the beginning of 2023,
 Q1, Q2, end of 22, if you can give us some ideas and any disruption from the supply chain
 you're seeing. Shipping,
 freight, any delays that might derive from that.
 The second question is on the M&A transaction you announced today.
 may I just ask
 in terms of
 financing.
 You believe that the balance sheet is okay.
 You believe that just asset rotations would be sufficient or any other ways of financing we should be thinking about here.
 and the last question
 a bit provocative.
 so apologies
 in advance if it doesn't come out
 properly right, but you
 could argue that there isn't much net income that the company is generating for the first
 nine months of the year.
 So can I ask you how you explain that?
 Is it because you're really, besides the load factor that were well below average,
 but you cannot use that.
 the capital gains
 you booked
 offsets losses from Texas.
 So the point would be, is it just because you think you're ramping up capacity, you're putting so much upfront costs, and then revenues will gradually keep growing with inflation in most jurisdictions?
 Is it an increase in DEVEX because you're accelerating construction?
 or how should we think about that
 and the evolution of net income in the next three, four, five years.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 So, good questions.
 In relation to the first question, so the cost inflation, yes, I mean we are insulated
 In fact, for the project that we have in the short term, we not only have in many cases
 the actual turbines and the solar panels delivered and we're sort of the ones that are under construction,
 we have a high degree of confidence
 and, let's say, visibility on that.
 relation to things which are further out, I believe you mentioned sort of 2023, I mean,
 And in those cases, what we're doing, to the extent that we haven't yet closed this project,
 We will be feeding that through into the PPAs, as I mentioned, in terms of the cost inflation.
 In terms of wind turbines, we also have good visibility.
 we have no indication to the country that, you know, we would not be able to get access
 to the turbines that are being contracted.
 and so that's something which
 You know, even recently we were talking to the teams.
 I think we have privileged relationship with the different
 different suppliers. And so that's something, again, that we don't expect any, certainly not
 any material, nothing that would be sort of out of usual delays or disruptions there.
 I think in relation to solar, it is maybe a slightly different story.
 So in the short term, again, we have the visibility.
 In many cases, we already have the panels actually in our possession.
 and so there's no issue there.
 in the medium term, we are obviously monitoring the supply chain carefully
 and talking to the suppliers almost on a daily basis to really understand if there are any issues.
 So far, you know, I mean, the issues that have been highlighted have been delays, which could be, let's say, a month.
 And that's sort of the type of timeframe, which is really not material in the context.
 So even if it slipped a quarter from one to the other in terms of profitability, we don't see that as an issue.
 but there is a degree of uncertainty in the market at the moment and so we are
 working very closely with the suppliers to make sure that we have that, you know, we
 able to close that timing so that we have better visibility on that but again I'd say on wind
 Certainly, there's no issue there in terms of
 terms of solar, it's just a lack of visibility, which we are working through, but so far we
 have not had any material
 let's say, indication that we would be out of,
 not able to comply with the targets.
 M&A transaction, definitely, you know, will be done on balance sheet.
 I think we have
 space for that.
 I mean, this is a transaction which brings also some operational megawatts
 with good profitability and also a good pipeline.
 And so we would be deploying CAPEX in any case in the region.
 And so in that extent, you know, we are not expecting to do anything different from what
 we would normally do.
 So it would fit within the normal, let's say, structure, balance sheet that we would be
 assuming for the next couple of years.
 And if you want, then we can also comment a bit
 in more detail on that.
 In relation to net income, I mean, this year, obviously, there have been, as I mentioned earlier, there have been some issues which have impacted us.
 So it's not been a great year.
 We have had much lower wind generation, so that is certainly something which has impacted the year.
 we've had some one-offs like ERCOT, which, again, obviously not impacted us earlier this year.
 and also in terms of some of the hedges
 in terms of Spain, I think we addressed that as well, although that's, let's say, more residual.
 So, really, the key thing has been the wind generation.
 I mean, obviously, we are ramping up growth, and so ramping up growth means that we ramp
 up DevX, we ramp up
 and some of the growth
 But I think that's what they built into the the numbers over the certainly over the medium medium term
 So that's, let's say, the guidance I could probably give you on that.
 but we can come back to that again
 if you want any more detail on that
 Very clear. Thank you.
 The next question comes in from the line of Manuel Palomo calling from Exan, BNP Paribas.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I've got a follow-up on the transaction.
 and I understand that today's non-transaction
 is not just a simple acquisition of assets.
 but could you please give us uh some some additional information color about uh about
 the transaction in terms of operational data I mean in terms of the expected EBITDA net profit maybe
 for for the year 2022 and also if you give us a bit of the detail on those 540 megawatts in
 operation and under construction how much is in operation how much is under construction and my
 My second question relates to Spain.
 I've seen that there's been a significant decline
 in the average price in the country from 80.3 to 58.5.
 So I would ask her for a bit of color on the granularity and on the different components for this decline in the price given the high wholesale prices that we are seeing.
 and also wanted to ask you a bit about about your hedging policies for the for the coming
 year or years in Spain.
 one question
 would be if you have
 contracted volumes in spain that could put you at risk in case that the resource continues to
 to be weak.
 and the other question is whether you
 give us an expectation
 in terms of
 volumes that are already hedged and also prices
 at which you have hedged
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks.
 Thanks, Manel.
 So in relation to the first question, I mean, some additional color I can probably provide
 for 2022 is that
 the expected EBITDA contribution
 would be around 50 million euros for 22.
 And we expect that to grow at around 25% CAGR over the next couple of years.
 So, there would be more of that.
 north of 100 million certainly by
 2025 and hopefully
 well I'd say that
 So in terms of, let's say, financials, you know, and we don't go down to the net income level.
 In terms of megawatts, so I'd say that talking AC operating end of the year, you'd probably
 be expecting to have around 430 megawatts.
 the rest would be coming in early next year.
 so probably another 200-plus coming in in 22 AC.
 and hopefully more than that.
 But I'd say, let's say, on the conservative side,
 that would be it.
 So, that's
 probably some of the color I can give at this stage in terms of the transaction.
 in terms of timing of closing.
 And, you know, it is subject to regulatory approval, so we will have to go through that
 still before we can actually step into the company.
 So what we've done is just signed, obviously, the SPAs.
 and we expect that would happen
 And let's say the most optimistic scenario would still be this year, but given COVID,
 Thank you.
 maybe early next year.
 So in terms of actual closing of the transaction.
 In relation to questions two and three, Hoi, I can probably ask to pass it on to Hoi.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Miguel.
 so regarding Spain
 So maybe I think it's better if I just split this in three building blocks.
 So let's start by the actual pre-hedging, okay?
 So we have about 2.5 terawatt hours, you know, generation, which is under the regulated framework,
 And that, on average, we have a price of 76.5 euros per megawatt hour.
 Then we have about one terawatt power.
 So that's the capacity which is on a merchant basis,
 outside the regulatory framework.
 and that was sold at an average price of 67 euros per megawatt hour.
 I mean, this includes the pool price, you know, the WAF, so the wind adjustment factor, so on and so forth.
 you know, if you build these two together, you get to an average price of around 74 euros per
 Again, this is pre-hedging, okay?
 Now, the second part of this is that, as you know, we have a hedging strategy to mitigate volatility and ensure that we have a low-risk profile.
 So, you know, before the year started, we had already approximately, or as the year was starting,
 we had approximately 2.2 terawatt hours of energy sold forward at 53.5 euros per megawatt hour.
 So basically, when you combine these two, plus the fact that you have a lower wind resource
 this year in Spain, basically you get down to an average price of 58.5 euros that we
 we were reporting and that you were referring to.
 Again, the combination either or this is the result of the combination of, in one hand,
 fact that we and once we have the hedge in place then i mean if there are there is any delta towards
 the regulatory hedge
 I mean that is
 will be impacting the books and impacted the books
 And secondly, because there is a part of this hedging that we had a shortfall in terms of volume,
 and therefore we were not able to generate the required power
 and basically had to buy it at the higher market prices.
 So, it's the combination of these two factors, you know,
 what is the actual pre-hedging plus the hedging that yields this 58.5 euros per megawatt hour.
 As we move forward to 2022, we may be here to comment.
 So we have approximately 70% of our capacity or generation hatched for 2022.
 that's an average price of 50 euros per megawatt hour
 as you know when there has been there is now a discussion in terms of regulatory
 you know, some potential regulatory change
 impacting the 2022, which, you know, the government is discussing this with different
 Renewables Associations.
 So, this is something that we have to wait and see what is the outcome of that discussion
 and to what extent it could potentially impact the hedging strategy towards 2022.
 I mean, if nothing changes, as I said, I mean, we have about 70%.
 That's around 2.2 terawatt hours also ahead for 22 full year.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes in from the line of Jenny Ping, Corn Crop City.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you very much.
 I have two questions please
 Just going back to the point around supply chain,
 We've just heard on the Alstead Corps about solar panel delays in the U.S.
 and Vestas obviously reported today
 and they highlighted some of the delays around onshore wind.
 and two out of three orders are being pushed back.
 I understand you say that you've got very strong relationships, but I just wondered
 whether you can elaborate a little bit more around that.
 sort of contracts in place to effectively mitigate any or claw back any loss earnings
 on the back of any delays in some of these supply chain issues
 which may come through end of this year, next year.
 Just really trying to understand where the...
 where your strong relationships, how that manifests itself.
 And then secondly, on Sunseep, Manuel's already asked quite a bit of the details.
 I just wondered whether you can give the debt number, the net debt number that you'll be taking on.
 And then very lastly, and apologies for a newbie question,
 But when I look at Equinor, when I look at Allstead, all of these companies are now starting to report, at least give guidance around their EBITDA X gains.
 I just wondered to hear what your latest thoughts on that in terms of your views and including
 the gains in EBITDA.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 So, taking the first question on the supply chain, I mean, first of all, you know, we
 have contracts obviously form
 everything that is under construction
 and that we have secured.
 And so to that extent, you know, those contracts typically have clauses which in the case of delays or significant delays, there are penalties associated with that.
 And, you know, that's, I don't think in anyone's interest that there would be those delays.
 we have these long term relationships
 I mean, we've been in this business now for almost two decades.
 decades. If we're not the number one customer of Vestas, we are probably be close, depending
 maybe on the year.
 So I think in relation to that, obviously we work with them
 and try to have the best terms possible, but we also have the contract in place, and we
 will obviously enforce those.
 And as I mentioned earlier, you know, we have had no indication that there would be any
 delays on the projects that we already have on the construction or that we are, let's
 what they're developing over the next year or so.
 In relation to solar panels, I mean, there it's not so much a question of, let's say,
 WELL, SORRY.
 in relation to pricing as well.
 I mean, obviously that's already built into the contract.
 So when we lock in the CAPEX, we're also locking in the pricing.
 And so to the extent that it's closed, it's closed.
 if, for example, we are still in the process of an RFP or a tender or something, and there
 as an increase in the CAPEX estimate, then we will feed that through into the higher
 PPA prices or the auction prices. And so that's why I gave the example of Spain where you saw an
 increase in the tender prices and also in some of the PPAs that we are currently negotiating
 where we've gone back to the customers
 with higher PPA prices. And since it's a
 general sector-wide thing that's being accepted. So I'd say that that's the visibility that
 we have. In relation to solar, as I say, again, we have good long-term relationships with
 suppliers like Longy, Boviet, which are, let's say, some of the top suppliers globally.
 You know, to the extent that there is issues on pricing, and there have been, we're also
 feeding that through into increased PPAs.
 In any case, when we talk about increases in PPAs, we're talking about maybe $2, $2,
 per megawatt hour.
 I mean, that's the sort of size of the delta that we see in some cases.
 In terms of actual timing, as I say, there, there's some uncertainty.
 So we have had no indication that there will be any material delays.
 But in any case, it is something that we're following closely.
 Obviously, we know that there have been issues in the supply chain further upstream.
 And so, I mean, we're continuing to monitor the situation.
 But I don't have any specific, let's say, guidance to give you on that.
 And apart from that, it seems to be manageable within the current context or within the current, let's say, estimates that we had given out to the market.
 In terms of net, sorry, so hopefully that answers the question or it's giving you a little bit
 more color on the question.
 No, that's perfect.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 In terms of the net debt for Sunseep, so it's around $200 million.
 So I think we've given enterprise value $870 million, equity value around $600 and something million.
 and so I think that's the delta
 would be around 200 million
 And what we have said, however, is that some of these projects are under construction over
 the next couple of months
 So sort of by the end of the year, probably the enterprise value would be closer to a billion because of the additional capex that will be in place.
 So, let's say breaking it down into very specific numbers, EV 870 as of date of signing, equity value 690, net debt 180, and as I say,
 but the enterprise value will be closer to a billion by the end of the year,
 which is probably when we would do the closing.
 in terms of guidance
 I mean
 To be honest, we
 we consider and we have been considering now for a while
 that the asset rotation strategy is something which is, let's say, an intrinsic part of
 business I mean we build megawatts some of them are to keep so others are to
 sell and we give visibility on those gains.
 And so when you talk about X gains, I mean, what we've indicated to the markets, let's
 say, in the context of our business plan, is that
 the capital gains
 implicit in the business plan are roughly 300 million per year over the next couple
 of years.
 So, if you look at the numbers that you have for your EDPR, that's sort of the level of
 gains.
 And so one minus the other would give you, let's say, the guidance X gain.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question comes in from the line of Mikel Zabala, from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks, Erica.
 Hi, good afternoon, Miguel, Rui, and I'm André.
 Two questions from me, please.
 So as you pointed out in your slides, the last draft of the U.S.
 reconciliation bill is proposing 10-year extension for for subsidies would it be fair to say that
 but there is upside to your long-term capacity targets
 from February, and could you give us an idea in terms of the incremental opportunity here
 versus your plan if those extensions become a reality.
 And the second question is, we've seen permitting issues in most of the European markets.
 it's been a problem for new projects so could you could you please discuss the
 visibility that you have right now over
 since it's pipeline given is so big vis-a-vis the operational capacity
 What can you tell us about the permitting situation in some of those Asian markets?
 is it better than in europe and um also conscious that that is a bit of a different game for
 for distributed solar.
 So is it fair to say that this is easier,
 a technology easier to permit than utility-scale solar.
 Thank you very much.
 All right.
 Yes.
 I mean, great questions.
 In relation to the first one, I mean, I think actually your first question is slightly related
 to your second question as well.
 So the 10-year extension is absolutely fantastic.
 I mean, obviously it gives a big boost to the industry as a whole in the U.S.
 And, you know, it just continues.
 I mean, if renewables is already competitive even without the PTCs, I think this really
 gives an extra boost to continue the growth of renewables in the U.S.,
 both wind and solar and also even other technologies like storage and hydrogen which will also
 and offshore, which also get, let's say, that is just no boost.
 I mean, I wouldn't want to necessarily give a specific target because I don't have one of upsides to the long-term goals that we've given.
 What I would say is I would go back to one of the comments which I made,
 which is if we want to reach the targets, the overall sort of Paris Agreement targets,
 the one-and-a-half degrees, we would be investing
 $4 trillion per year globally, as opposed to the $1 trillion, so quadrupling.
 So, I mean, obviously that's not the basis for our numbers.
 So our numbers are based on, let's say, more conservative growth plans.
 But, I mean, this is just a massive amount.
 So I don't think the issue, I mean, the sky's the limit in terms of number of megawatts.
 I think the big issue, which is on the table, in terms of how fast we can roll this out,
 is making sure that each individual country has very specific targets.
 So they go from that more aspirational goals to very concrete.
 concrete yearly goals over the next 10 years. And they translate that, for example, into
 tenders or they translate that into a sort of specific processes so that they continue
 to drive the demand
 sort of at the national and at the regional level.
 And then I think one of the things which we've also been highlighting
 both with the European Commission and also within associations like
 Wind Europe or Euroelectric
 district is around the permitting issues.
 Some countries are easier than others.
 I think there is work that can be done there
 and that's something that I know at the highest level
 in the European Commission and I think
 also in the European Commission.
 They are looking at preventing issues, how they can, let's say, look at the best practices
 of different countries, come up with a list, for example,
 of countries and how they rank in terms of time
 to be able to get the permits done and to get projects sort of approved.
 As you know, it can vary quite a lot between different countries.
 And so I think focusing now on some of those issues
 and making sure those are more facilitated.
 I think that will help certainly translate some of these more ambitious targets into very
 close.
 numbers on the ground and accelerate even more what we're currently seeing in
 in relation to SunTip in particular.
 I mean, I think in Asia-Pacific, definitely the issues around permitting are relevant
 because, I mean, it is a densely populated region
 of the world which is good and bad
 I mean, it's good because there's a lot of demand there.
 There's a lot of need to decarbonize the economy, but it does mean that land is expensive and
 you need to really manage
 Let's say it was permitting to make sure it's compatible with the local communities.
 I think that's why things like, you know, floating solar or reclaiming land or offshore,
 I mean, all of those are distributed generation, which is actually something which is really
 growing a lot in a lot of these countries
 are ways of reaching those objectives.
 but then in a way which is consistent also with the permitting issues and with the impact
 on the local communities.
 So, I think Sunseep has been very successful in terms of what they've done over the last
 couple of years and the way they have positioned themselves for this.
 In terms of growth going forward,
 I mean, we're talking about probably being able to grow at 200 to 300 megawatts at least
 in the short term per year AC and sort of 300 to 400 DC.
 and I think
 As I say, I'm probably upsizing that given
 the different markets and just given the overall size of the region.
 So hopefully that's added a little bit of color to the questions.
 Yeah, thank you very much.
 The next question comes in from the line of Philip O.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good afternoon.
 just three follow-up questions
 The first one is concerning the 540 megawatts of SunSIP.
 You mentioned at 1 million euro per megabyte, which seems to be quite high.
 Could you just elaborate about this figure?
 that's my first question
 You mentioned also 20-year PPA, which is good news regarding the duration.
 but is the 670 megawatts which are in operation and securized are fully under PPA,
 means 100% of the capacity is under PPA.
 that's the second question
 And the last question is concerning the valuation.
 could you just elaborate how you are valued, the value creation you mentioned on the slide 11,
 means that could you just give us some parameter you use
 or more simply, I would say, this under-bracket margin generated versus the construction cost,
 which seems to be quite high, somewhere around 50%.
 Could you just elaborate concerning this valuation?
 Many thanks.
 Okay.
 in relation to the first question
 So the 540 million, I mean, it's high, but you have to think about it in terms of distributed
 generations.
 talking about what it's smaller project sizes typically would be in the single
 digit.
 megawatts, and obviously in
 locations which have higher costs in terms of deployment because they are more distributed
 generation.
 In terms of the CAPEX, given the way they were developed, I think it's a normal or what would be expected.
 Also, just to remind you, it is AC and not DC, and sometimes I think when people are
 comparing the
 the CAPEX numbers for solar, it is important to make that distinction because obviously
 as, you know,
 AC and DCs do have around a 20% difference.
 So, I think in relation to CapEx, I mean, obviously, we think CapEx will then continue
 it's come down over the next couple of years, but
 I would say that would be one first comment in relation to that.
 In relation to the second question, the 20-year PPAs, so yes, it is pretty much fully contracted for the PPAs or regulators.
 I think that's mentioned here on one of the slides.
 I don't have
 You can find exactly the number of the slides, but
 That is fully contracted.
 and at the 70, around 75 euros per megawatt hour.
 So I'll just also highlight the, let's say, the price of the, or the implied price of those PPAs slash regulated.
 it. In relation to the value creation, I'm glad you asked the question. I mean, what
 I would say is, you know, we look, when we look at these projects or we look at these
 acquisitions for our platform.
 I mean, we are applying the same type of investment metrics that we do for other projects.
 So, in this case.
 we would be looking at, let's say, above 2% spread
 over our cost of capital. And that's assuming, let's say,
 a relatively prudent growth plan
 over the next couple of years.
 So, let's say, it would be basically taking the current operational projects and, let's say, the margin on that, using that sort of spread.
 And then also looking at the future value creation that will be had with that growth.
 And overall, it has to be in line with our investment criteria.
 So around the 1.4 times or at least above the 2% spread.
 So that's sort of the way we would look at it from an evaluation perspective.
 That's why in terms of the slide, if you notice, I mean, in the way we brought it out,
 it's the CapEx and then the value creation and the pipeline
 and those three bars actually
 sum up to more
 or at least visually they should sum up to more, look more than the implied
 enterprise value actually paid for it because we do believe we are getting a good return for
 this investment, assuming
 about, you know,
 reasonable assumptions.
 Just one additional, this means that for the pipeline of the 4.8 gigawatts,
 you have taken the assumption that
 the utility scale business are going to be bigger than the DG
 and means that your capex will go down
 towards the normal level
 what we're seeing in some projects around the world,
 somewhere between 0.5, 0.6.
 That's correct, to assume?
 So what we've looked at, and probably the best way to think about it, is we've looked
 at what would be a reasonable growth rate
 are relatively, you know, being relatively conservative.
 obviously we don't want to be too aggressive here in terms of growth of megawatts over the
 next couple of years, until 2025, thereabouts, and the Implied Valley
 creation that we will be getting on that
 assuming our typical investment return.
 So, you know, around the 1.4 times WACOR, above 2% spread.
 And so just saying is that implied in that pipeline, we're assuming that we will develop
 at least part of it, not all of it,
 but at least part of it over the next couple of years
 that we will be creating value from that pipeline
 and that will give us a return
 which will be
 let's say, quite a bit higher than the 870 that we are
 paying for the platform.
 Many thanks.
 Okay.
 The next question comes in from the line of York Alonso, calling from Societ General.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 Just a couple of questions left, please.
 Regarding the expansion into new markets, specifically in Asia,
 this is a solar platform
 but do you think it could be
 a good idea for you
 to look for
 similar
 transaction or a similar approach
 for developing
 wind in Asia or do you think
 your capabilities are good enough to go on and do it directly.
 the
 The second one is if you can provide a little bit of color
 about a work in progress that you do,
 do you expect to have at the end of the year?
 So which amount of money would be invested and reflected in the net debt
 but not contributing to EBITDA.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks, George.
 So, in relation to the first comment,
 I think I mentioned in the presentation
 that we would look to leverage on this platform
 to bring our competency
 competencies in wind.
 So, we are not looking or not thinking about buying any additional platform in Asia for
 wind. We think that, you know, given the team and the quality of the people there
 plus our own expertise and the people we have internally
 that we would be able to build on this platform
 to develop, let's say, the wind component to it.
 So it's not in our plans to go out and do another acquisition for a specific wind platform.
 in relation to the
 second question on work in progress. I'm not sure we have the specific number. Perhaps
 We can follow that up later, but it's not something I have here off the top of my head.
 The next question comes in from the line of Sarah Pagini,
 calling from Medio Banker.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi.
 Good afternoon.
 afternoon and thanks for taking my questions and just a clarification is
 if possible about the
 dealer of
 Sunseep.
 So how do you consider the distributed solar generation versus the utility scale generation?
 do you think
 he's a more risky business or they have similar characteristics.
 It is fixed, sorry.
 and when you indicate
 the 75 euros per megawatt hour
 I presume this is for
 for the assets already secure,
 but do you expect this tariff to be applicable also for the future projects?
 and then also about the pipeline
 I understood that
 large part of the pipeline
 is also related to floating PV.
 Can you please indicate a level of CAPEX per megawatt for this technology?
 And then the second question is about the guidance.
 guidance could you please um indicate what is the level of ebitda and net depth that you expect by
 year-end considering the
 300 million capital gains
 and also the acquisition of SunSIP.
 Many thanks.
 Okay.
 Sorry, in relation to your questions, in relation to the first one, distributed generation
 versus utility scale.
 I mean, I think one of the key things and, you know,
 So we've obviously been doing a lot of work on Asia-Pacific
 and seeing how we can take advantage of the growth opportunity there.
 It is quite densely populated, and I think that's something to bear in mind.
 we are entering into PPAs with,
 and then growing that
 at scale in the region.
 So it is relatively similar, I'd say, in the sense that you have also specific counterparts.
 And I mentioned some of them, you know, whether it's an Amazon or a Microsoft.
 up. Those are the type of customers that you can also have in this case. That's true for some
 markets. In other markets, for example, in
 Vietnam, I mean, maybe you have a regulated
 a tariff. And so in that case it would also be for the utility scale, it would also be
 something that we would be considering.
 So, from a technological point of view, it's not so different.
 a regulatory point of view
 I mean, the key thing is also looking at the regulation or at the counterparty.
 So I don't think they're very substantially very different businesses at the end of the day.
 And we're not talking B2C.
 We're talking, you know, when I talk distributed generation, we're talking basically C&I and B2B customers.
 So I don't see it as a materially very different business.
 In terms of the second question,
 the 75 years per megawatt hour.
 So these are for assets already secured.
 I mean obviously this will evolve over time depending on you know the countries depending on whether
 whether, you know, what are the CAPEX assumptions
 that we'll be using or sort of getting for the different projects.
 I would say that over time we would expect these numbers
 probably start coming down as also, you know, the economies of scale start kicking in in
 in some of these geographies.
 So, but I would say they would still stay relatively high numbers, certainly compared
 to perhaps some of the numbers we see in other parts of the world,
 for example, like in Iberia or some parts of the U.S.
 So, the 75 years per megawatt hour is for what we have secured.
 I wouldn't expect it to deviate too much over the next couple of years.
 In terms of floating PV, solar capex, I don't have a specific estimate for that.
 We can get back to you on that when we are looking at
 let's say when we're looking at what is the pipeline, the value of a certain pipeline,
 the most important thing for us is
 do we think that we can get
 positive value creation positive margin
 on the projects when we invest in them.
 And that's why the metrics that we look for, whether it's the 2% minimum spread or the
 1.4 times whack
 That's really what's most relevant for us.
 It then needs to be technologically feasible.
 You know, we need to make sure we have a good counterpart
 and that the PPA is competitive.
 In terms of the specific CAPEX estimates, maybe we can come back to you with that.
 in terms of the department income
 What I'd say is that we are still comfortable with consensus, and essentially it will depend
 very much on, as I mentioned in the presentation, on closing some of the asset rotation transactions
 before the end of the year.
 So I think we're making good progress there.
 As you know, we have several transactions on track that we signed earlier this year.
 And so I'd say, you know, we will be above the $3,000 million.
 That is our expectation by the end of the year.
 And so in line with EBITDA and net income, that's out in the market.
 and which I think has been given out by IR.
 are.
 Thank you.
 So the next question comes in from the line of Ollie Jeffrey,
 calling from Deutsche Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, two questions for me, please.
 first is on
 just going back to the poor wind resource
 that we've seen this year
 Just asking the question again, do you have any reason to believe
 that the p50 load factors that you're assuming in the future for wind should be lower um for
 example are you having any are there any noises internally getting louder about having to look at
 this again or are you aware of any studies
 that are questioning
 P of 50 low factors
 as we look at them?
 And also, are you looking into this, are you carrying out an assessment into this area to see if you're still comfortable with where the P50s are?
 And then the second question I have is just specifically on the Portugal and Poland
 Cells, you know done at quite high
 EV megawatt multiples
 to 2.4 megawatts.
 Can we expect when you complete these,
 that the gains that you get on these assets on a per megawatt basis
 are significantly higher than the 250 per mega
 what we saw at the beginning of the year.
 Because if you assume a typical CapEx, you might expect that the gains here are going to be really quite chunky
 and in excess of 500,000 a megawatt, perhaps.
 Any comments on that would be much appreciated.
 Thank you very much.
 OK.
 Hi.
 I think in relation to the first question, that's, I mean, the question I certainly ask internally, constantly.
 And so far, there's no reason to believe that this is changing.
 I mean, that's the honest answer.
 when we look back over 20, 30, 40 years
 and look at the long-term trend
 and sort of
 we factor in the last couple of years
 or in the last couple of quarters.
 I mean there's volatility there
 has been volatility it seems to be within the normal range and so the
 overall trend line does not seem to be deviating so you know there will be a
 good years, there will be bad years. I mean, this is
 clearly not a good year, but
 the only voice
 I think that is Hui and myself
 making sure internally that we are sufficiently comfortable to be able to tell you and, you know,
 and the rest that, you know, we have no reason to believe that this is changing.
 and so that's the question we ask ourselves internally
 and that's the assessments we've been looking at and sort of the statistics we've been looking at.
 And as I say, nothing has led us to believe that there is a change.
 In relation to the second question, I mean, yes, you are right.
 I would say particularly in the case of Portugal, it would be a higher multiple per megawatt.
 in poland um probably be more in line with the values that you indicated i mean we will provide
 specific numbers on that obviously when we close them.
 It is all subject to adjustments and to, you know, changes depending on the contractual
 provisions that we have with the buyers.
 and so that's why we typically only give out the final numbers
 when we actually close the transaction.
 So hopefully by year end we will have done that and then we'll be able to provide additional information on that.
 But I would say, yes, I mean, your intuition is right in that the gains per megawatt will be higher than the 250.
 Thank you.
 The final question comes in from the line of George Gamara,
 recording from JD Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon. I just have two follow-up questions, if I might.
 The first is a technical one related to your issues with the regulatory edging in spine.
 I would like to understand exactly the mechanics of what happened in the quarter.
 and, if possible, if you can quantify what was the impact in the quarter
 of the regulatory edge, as you might call it,
 And the second one is related to distributed generation.
 you are doing a massive push on distributed generation
 with this acquisition of SunTip.
 Could we see, and this is a theme that you mentioned in the past,
 Could we see EDPR buying more platforms of distributed generation in other geographies?
 Thank you very much.
 So in relation to the first one, I then pass it to Rui and probably in more detail we can
 also then take it offline just to walk you through the exact mechanics.
 but I'll pass it to Huy.
 I'll just answer the second question first
 and then before I pass the ball.
 I mean, in relation to DG, I think DG, well, first, we're talking about typically these platforms are more B2B or CNI.
 And so the line between DG and utility scale sometimes becomes more blurred, certainly
 in certain geographies.
 So I think.
 I think our position has been that the same way that we look at, you know, wind, solar,
 offshore, within these technologies, you then have slightly different segments and sometimes
 these are blurred.
 So you can have, for example, a utility scale in France, which can be maybe 10 megawatts,
 and you can have what we would call
 distributed generation which might be also some single digits or close to 10 megawatts
 because it's behind the meter.
 So I think, you know, we do see synergies there and we do see these as different ways
 of, let's say, attacking the market in different geographies and also depending on the particular
 market.
 observatory environment.
 I wouldn't see ourselves buying a lot more platforms
 or at least, you know, we don't have a strategy for going out and buying more DigiPlatforms.
 We have done that selectively where we think it adds value to us.
 So this is one case.
 I mean,
 Suntip does both.
 It's expected going forward to do about 50% each, 50% utility, 50% more, let's say CNIGG.
 We have done that in the U.S. with C2, so that's also a complement to our existing platform
 in the U.S.
 And I think that also gives us a good insight into the dynamics of the DG market in the U.S.
 So, again, we will do it selectively.
 We do think it's a good way, particularly in some geographies, of getting access to
 to more growth, particularly on the, let's say, on the solar side.
 But it's not something that, let's say, we have an active strategy of specifically going
 out to buy more of those platforms.
 In relation to the first question, then I'll pass the ball if you want to take that.
 Thank you, Miguel.
 So I will definitely, we can take it offline and go through in more detail, but just in a ballpark.
 So we have about 15 million euros impact, 10 to 15 million euros impact in Q3 from this financial hedging in Spain.
 our full year
 estimate is around 25 million on the basis of a P50
 wind resource in the
 in the fourth quarter.
 So that's, you know, the amount or the range that we are talking about.
 I mean, the mechanics just, you know, in one minute is basically if you have regulatory, so wind farms and the regulatory framework, and if we are hedged, as you know, if the price goes above the regulatory cap, you will have to get that additional revenue back to the system.
 But if you are hedged, because we decided to hedge some volumes within the caller
 so that we don't take that volatility,
 and then you need to give back the delta to your hedging and not to the regulatory gap.
 So that's what it's impacting.
 But again, if you want, what I can do is we take it offline
 and go step-by-step so that you can get comfort on the numbers and the dynamics.
 Are we there?
 Thank you.
 That was the final question in the queue.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you very much, everyone.
 Good afternoon.
 Good afternoon, Jim.
 Thanks, everyone.
 Take care.
 All right.
 Take care.
 Bye bye.