Hello and welcome to the 9-month 21 EDPR results call. My name is Courtney and I'll be your coordinator for today's event. Please note that this call is being recorded and for the duration of the call your lines will be on listen only. However, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. This can be done by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad to register your question. If you require assistance anytime, please press star 0 and you will be connected to an operator. And I will now hand you over to your host, Andre Fernandez, Head of Investor Relations, Planning and Control and Sustainability to begin today's conference. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you very much for attending EDPR's third quarter 2021 results conference call. We have here with us our CEO, Miguel Stilwell de Andrade, and our CFO, Rui Teixeira, who will run you through the key highlights of the business plan execution and of the nine-month results. We'll then move into Q&A in which we will be taking your questions. This call is expected to last around one hour and I'll now give the floor to our CEO, Miguel Stilwell de Andrade. Thank you, Andre. Good afternoon, everyone. I hope you're all doing well. It's always a pleasure to be on these calls and be able to not only present what we've been doing, but also take your questions afterwards. So anyway, today we have a lot to talk about. So I'll get straight into the presentation. We move to slide five and just giving you a broad overview of the business plan execution. First of all, in the key pillars of growth. We are ramping up and we have around 2.5 gigawatts added year on year. So this is a good progress towards the 3 gigawatt plus, which we were aiming for in the 2021 to 2023 growth targets. So this is actually the largest number of megawatts ever built by EDP Renewables in 12 months. And I really like to highlight that this shows that there is a successful ramp up of the growth rate and it should give us confidence on the execution of the growth plan. Also today, we just announced the acquisition of SunTip. You will have seen that news, I'm sure, this morning. It establishes a great platform in Asia Pacific. This is a region, and I'll talk a little bit about this later on, but it's a huge growth potential in the region. So that's something I think that's worth also highlighting. On secured capacity, we now have 8.1 gigawatts secured, out of which 7.9 gigawatts in 2021 to 2023. So that's around 75% of our 2021 to 23 target. I think good progress there. And we also have visibility on an additional 4.1 gigawatts of BPAs in our key markets, in which we are either shortlisted or currently under negotiation. So we will hopefully be giving good visibility on the rollout of those BPAs also in the next couple of months. So overall, solid ramp up of growth, a good platform for growth in Asia Pacific, and also strong execution with short-term visibility on the additional BPAs. On the asset rotation program, so the pillar here in the middle, we continue to see strong market appetite and attractive valuations, both for wind and solar. We have the 2.3 billion of asset rotation proceeds. Multiples continue to be very attractive, on average 1.6 million euros per megawatt, 1.7 for wind and 1.2 for solar. So I'll go there in a little bit more detail in a minute. As of September, we have 550 million of asset rotation proceeds, overall capital gains of 151 million following the Mayflower earn out of 30 million. So overall, we're on track to deliver capital gains above the 300 million euros of guidance that we've given for this year. And we have a couple of transactions which we've already announced, but which we're hoping to close over the next couple of weeks or months, but hopefully at least one or two by the end of the year. On excellence, which is the third pillar. So for the nine months to date, EDP Renewables has achieved 28% load factor. This is down 0.6% year on year, but it still reflects 95% of the expected growth capacity factor. We have had a bad year in terms of wind, I mean, low resource, particularly in the US and Spain. And I think that's something that we've talked about in previous quarters and the third quarter was no exception. Regarding operations, we continue with a strong performance with core OPEX per megawatt decreasing 3% year on year. And on the technical side, we continue to deliver a good availability of 97%, so slightly above year on year. So in terms of operations, I think good performance there. On ESG, execution is well on track for the business plan targets. We have already most of the initiatives already in progress under the Changing Tomorrow Now program. And finally, I mean, just on a note, not here on the slide, but we have an EBITDA of 917 million euros, net income of around 150 million, 148 million. This is mostly impacted by the lower capital gains year on year. The first quarter one-off ERCOT event and lower generation or lower wind in the US and Spain. I think that's something we have to recognize. So it hasn't been a great year from a wind resource perspective and overall the high pool prices in the third quarter have also introduced some pressure on the hedges. In Spain in particular, the EBITDA is 40 to 45 million below expectation in the nine months, 30 million of which is from low wind, especially in the second and third quarter, which is below the P50. And then you have around 10 to 15 million from financial hedges in the third quarter, given the high prices combined with low generation. So I'll go through this in more detail and Hui will also elaborate more on this. Anyway, let's move forward to slide six. So here on the growth platform for Asia Pacific that we in the SunTip transaction we announced today. So as you know, we had 20 gigawatts of additions until 2025 set out in the strategic plan. 1.4 gigawatts we'd outlined or highlighted would come from new markets. These new geographies do bring us optionality. They bring diversification to our portfolio. And so the expansion into Asia Pacific was something we'd been working on now for a while. So I think today's news is certainly good news. We move to slide seven, just talking a little bit about the overall Asia Pacific market. It's one of the largest renewables markets globally. It has strong growth expectations, especially in solar. We're talking about 120 gigawatts per year in terms of growth. So it's a massive market. And at EDP Renewables, we really felt it was important to tap this opportunity and have a foothold. Please stand by whilst we reestablish the connection with our speakers. Thank you for your patience. Please stand by.

as we re-establish the connection with your host. Thank you for your patience. The connection has been re-established. Speakers, please continue. Okay, so sorry for the technical difficulties. I think this is the first. I'm told that we somehow got disconnected around slide seven, so I'll resume on slide seven. Hopefully you haven't heard that before. So I'll just go back to slide seven and talk about Asia Pacific. So this is really one of the largest markets globally. It's got huge growth expectations, especially in solar. And some key numbers which I think are worth highlighting. 120 gigawatts per year market, so it's really a massive market. 55% of the global growth in renewables, and solar represents 65% of this growth in Asia Pacific. Also something which I'm sure everyone will be familiar with, which is, I mean, this is a highly populated, densely populated region. So it's over four billion people and over 50% of the global power demand. And finally, just to say that countries like China, Japan, South Korea, they've all committed to net zero emissions by 2050 or 2060. And so there does seem to also be a general trend towards decarbonization in the region and promoting renewables. And so just a final message on this slide. If we are serious about reaching net zero by 2050, and there is a broad consensus around this, then all regions and all countries will need to contribute to this target. And so we want to make sure that EDP Renewables is positioned in the long run to take advantage of this opportunity. So I think I'd just like to highlight this in relation to this region, which is obviously, I think, key to making us global. And that's exactly the topic of the next slide. So slide eight, with this platform, we now become truly global. So we already had a very strong platform in the US, very strong platform in Europe. We have a good platform in Latin America with Brazil, Chile, Colombia. And now we set up this platform also in Asia Pacific. So we think that Sunseep's team is very complementary to EDP, both geographically and technologically. Their footprint, solar pipeline, together with our scale and our capabilities, the fact that we have, for example, wind that we can also bring to the table, that means that we believe we will be able to build out the platform and accelerate the growth in the region. So now having, once we complete the acquisition, we will be present in 25 markets representing 75% of global growth over the next decade. So that's, you know, we'll have a very strong representation in all of the key markets. Moving to slide nine and a specific comment on Sunseep. So it is a solar-focused platform. It is based out of Singapore, present in nine markets, 550 megawatts of operating and under-construction assets, most of these in Singapore with a very low-risk profile. As you know, Singapore is a AAA rating. Sunseep is also present in Vietnam, where EDP is also present, so we'll be able to integrate our positions there. Very young assets, below two years. 20-year contracted revenues, so 76% of that PPAs and 24% regulated, at an average price of 75 euros per megawatt hour. So low-risk, stable, long-term cash flows, completely aligned with EDP's strategy. Also, they bring very strong client relationships and a track record. The off-takers include some of EDP's clients in Europe and in the US. So companies like Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple. So solar distributed generation represents around 70% of the operating and under-construction portfolio, and it's a key technology, obviously, to grow in Asia Pacific. Going forward, utility scale will also play a key and increasingly relevant role. So Sunseep brings a strong footprint in Asia Pacific, a great track record over 10 years of successfully developing the business there. It's got a fantastic management team with a lot of local knowledge, over 400 employees and growing, given the growth of the market. So that will facilitate the local culture, know-how, and also the long-term buildup of relationships. So I think they have a great reputation in the region, and I think that gives us a lot of confidence to leverage on that and accelerate growth. Also very importantly, and moving to slide 10, Sunseep has a great pipeline. So overall, the portfolio is around 5.5 gigawatts. So on top of the 550 megawatts of operating under construction, there are 130 megawatts of contracted capacity, so almost 700 megawatts of secured capacity. And we have a pipeline of almost 5 gigawatts in different stages of development, so around 2 gigawatts of advanced stage and 2.8 gigawatts of early stage. Future growth will have obviously more geographic diversification and also higher exposure to solar utility scale going forward. Moving on to slide 11, I'm talking just a little bit about valuations and stakes. So we are leveraging our capabilities to really accelerate the growth and the value creation in Asia Pacific through Sunseep. The way we see it, it's putting the business on steroids and really leveraging it up. We will have an 87% stake. This may actually increase to around 91%. Sunseep has, as I mentioned, a great management team, so the founders will stay invested with around 6.5%. And with their incentives fully aligned with the growth and the profitability of the business. I think this is the key point to make sure that we have a smooth transition and we really bring the local experience and the new culture to EDPR. Obviously, they have a great knowledge of the markets and the developments in the Asia Pacific markets. And so we want to make sure that we are able to merge the companies well and really leverage on Sunseep to take it even further and make it grow even faster. Together with the founders and the management, we will have around 94%. That may actually increase to 98%. In terms of valuation, so the implied price we are paying is around 870 million euros. Breaking this down, I'd say that there's one block which is CAPEX, so implicit in that 550 megawatts. Since it's mostly solar distributed generation, it has an average CAPEX per megawatt AC. So this is important to stress. This is AC, not DC. Of around 1 million euros. We have the value creation associated with the operating under construction assets together with the secured capacity. So a total of 700 megawatts. And I'm sure you can come up with an NPV per megawatt reference for this bucket. I just re-emphasize that these assets are very young. They have 20-year contracted revenues at an average price of 75 euros per megawatt hour. And finally, there's a pipeline and a platform. And we believe we'll be creating significant value from the existing pipeline. And we'll be able to leverage the Sunseep model. So with strong development capabilities in this footprint in nine markets to really deliver the growth going forward. Overall, for EDPR, it really opens up a new region of the world where we didn't have a significant presence. And we think that this, together in terms of solar, together with what we can bring in wind, will really mean that we can ramp up this platform, let's say, in the Asia Pacific region. Okay, so that's Sunseep. I'd just like to now talk you through some of the other key metrics for the business. If we move to slide 12, we have around 8 gigawatts secured, 8.1 gigawatts secured. So it's up 2.7 gigawatts year to date. And I think that shows the origination capabilities and also the competitive projects that we were able to bring. If we zoom in just on 2021 to 23, as I mentioned earlier, we'll have around 7.9 gigawatts secured already until 23. So that's around 75%. We continue to have a disciplined investment approach. And so I think attractive returns, low risk profile, contracted NPV of around 60%. So we continue to see those metrics across the different projects that we are investing in. And so overall, strong visibility on the 2021 to 23 timeframe and also a solid risk return profile. We move to slide 13. And this is something we've talked about previously, but just give you an update on this. So we continue to be protected from CapEx cost inflation, as we've discussed on previous calls. And we have limited exposure on 10% of our secured capacity. For new projects, we are seeing the PPA market and the auctions adjusting to the sector-wide increase in CapEx. So from that perspective, it's not hindering our competitiveness when bidding for new projects. And the return thresholds are being preserved. So just to give you a specific example, for example, if you look at the Spanish auction now in October, you'll have seen that the average price of the auction went up. That has to do, we believe, with the adjustment also to the new CapEx expectations. We are also seeing that when we are doing bilateral discussions on PPAs, where we are seeing those prices feeding through into new PPA prices, revised PPA prices under discussion and being accepted by

clients. In relation to the supply chain, we have a strong position. We have a privileged relationship, I'd say, with the suppliers. And so we continue to monitor and to manage any disruptions that might happen to the supply chain. In relation to wind, we feel comfortable. There doesn't seem to be any material issue with our project in the short and the medium term. In solar, it's something we're monitoring more closely, obviously to make sure that any disruptions are dealt with quickly and that we can manage that in the context of our development and construction. If we move to slide 14 in terms of pipeline, we continue to ramp up. We have good short-term visibility on growth. I wanted to highlight that 60% of the current secured capacity has been secured through PPAs. So that's a market where we continue to be very active. And we actually expect it to increase even more over the coming years. So as I mentioned earlier, 4.1 gigawatts of PPAs under negotiation and shortlisted, which we hope will provide short-term visibility on additional capacity. Slide 15 on offshore. OceanWind continues to grow. So operating capacity now 1.5 gigawatts in 2022, expected to reach 3.4 gigawatts by 2025. More east, finalized construction. I had the pleasure of being up in Scotland a couple of weeks ago to just inaugurate the O&M center in Fraserburgh. We're moving ahead also with some other projects in Scotland. So the more west, we also expect to give visibility on that soon. We have several other projects that we are continuing to develop. Poland, US, South Korea. We are participating in the RFP in Massachusetts for Mayflower. Hopefully we'll have visibility on that soon. And also in relation to Scottwind, we'll also have visibility on that soon. So we have a good strong presence in Scotland. So let's wait and see what comes out of that auction. Slide 16, just a quick comment here on asset rotation. You will have seen most of these numbers. So just very quickly, 2.3 billion of proceeds, 30% of the 8 billion target for the full five-year plan. We're overall very happy with the multiples achieved in the execution. Within the third quarter, we upsize the US transaction to 80%. And we also signed the Polish transaction. So clearly we are on track to deliver capital gains north of 300 million in 2021. The actual value will depend on the timing of the regulatory approvals and the closing of each transaction. So all in all, execution on the asset rotation going well. We continue to see strong appetite from investors. And so now our efforts are totally on the regulatory approval side to make sure that we can get at least some of these over the line here by the end of 2021. Slide 17, a quick note on ESG. So circular economy and biodiversity. We have been promoting a lot the waste recovery in the operational phase for a while. So extending our best practices now to the rest of the value chain. Repowering, although it's still not very material, EPR is focused on tackling the repowering wave that we expect post-2025, especially in Spain, Portugal, and the US. So far we've repowered two wind farms in Spain and we are repowering another one in the US. In the two sites that we repowered in Spain, most of the waste generated was recovered, so almost 95%. In this respect, we are participating also in some blade recycling projects in Spain, the US, and also in Portugal. And 100% of the area impacted during the repowering processes in Spain were fully restored. In relation to communities, we obviously want to make sure that we work with the local communities so that we are able to keep the alignment with our core business and make sure that we are able to develop our projects in harmony with the local communities. In terms of people, we are aiming to achieve 36% female employees. Currently we're at 32%, but 37% of our new hires are all women, which I think contributes well to achieving our goal. So definitely looking out for equality of opportunities there. And lastly, just in relation to the sustainable suppliers goal, what we've been asking our core business suppliers is basically in terms of health and safety, environmental, ethical criteria to be totally aligned with us. So it's not just a question of EDPR having certain goals and targets, it's also making sure that that extends to our suppliers, at least our key suppliers. And with this business plan, as you know, we have the idea of going one step further by making sure that we have these ESG goals totally aligned with the suppliers. So I'll stop here and I'll turn it over to Huy to walk you through the nine months results and then come back at the end for closing remarks. Thank you. Thank you, Miguel. Good afternoon to you all. So let's move on to the nine month results. So on slide 19, our financial performance year on year has been, as you know, mostly impacted by, on one hand, lower capital gains, the one off air cut event in Q1, and also the lower generation that we have been observing in US and Spain. So we achieved 917 million euros EBITDA and 148 million euros net profit in these first nine months. That's on the back of generating 21.0 watt hours of clean energy. That's a 5% increase. So that's 122 million net profit. So on top of the 100 million gain on the US asset rotation, we have also some positive price adjustments from 2020 transactions in offshore and in this rosewater build and transfer project, along with 30 million euros earned out from a flower. Below EBITDA, we continue to improve our average cost of debt, 3.4% versus 3.5%. So that's a reduction of about 0.2% points year on year. In the US, our top line is impacted by the Q1 one off air cut event. We extensively discussed this in the first quarter, but also by the fact that we are below the average resource. For the period, we also have a weak wind resource in Spain as well. And let me just highlight here some impact that we have in Spain that of course are hitting us in the nine months result. So overall, Spain is about 40 to 45 million euros below our expectation for the nine months 2021. Out of this, around 30 million are from low winds. And that's particularly in the Q2 and Q3 where we have, you know, we are below the 90% of our P50. And about 10 to 15 million euros from financial hedges in Q3, given the high prices and low generation. Just to give you an expected full year results from this impact with the P50 in terms of wind for the fourth quarter is around 25 million euros. So I think it's also worth highlighting that given pool only went above the 60 euros per megawatt hour in July, the regulatory adjustment that is booked in the Q3 concentrates the regulatory adjustment for the full nine months 2021. So there is a concentration, the technicality, but there's a concentration here in the Q3. So just, you know, as not shopping the balance sheet, net debt decreased year to date to 3.32 billion euros. This is of course on the back of the 1.5 billion capital increase, around 240 million asset rotation. So the equity proceeds from that and around 0.6 billion of the tax equity, which is already booked for the US projects. And of course it impacts the net debt reduction. I think it's important now that if we move to the operational side, so if we move to slide 20, highlighting that, you know, we added 2.5 gigas of wind and solar capacity year on year. This is the highest capacity ever installed by EDPR in a 12 month period. I think it is demonstrating how we are ramping up the business and the growth rate. In addition to that, we have 2.7 gigas, which are under construction. So I think these are numbers that speak for themselves in terms of the ramping up of the growth profile at EDPR. Year on year, we successfully completed one gigawatt net of asset rotation deals. That's in Spain and in US. So we end the period with a 13 giga portfolio by the end of September 2021. And a really balanced mix across the main platforms. So North America, 55%, Europe around 40%, and the rest of the world, Brazil 5%. And, you know, just still a minority positioning in the rest of the world here, just considering Vietnam. So not yet incorporating the acquisition that Miguel referred to in APAC. Our load factor achieved 28% in these nine months. It is a recovery in Liberia and Brazil. Naturally, this is offset by the one-off record event and across this period, a low resource in the US. Technical availability at good levels, 97%. That's slightly above this number for last year. Electricity output increased 5% year on year. So this, of course, benefits from the capacity additions. Naturally, this is offset by the low resource. So we generate 21.5 terawatt hours of clean energy. So we can say that we have avoided 13 million tons of CO2 emissions. Operations in North America, Europe, and Brazil generated respectively around 58%, 37%, and 6% of the total input. On page 21, looking into the revenues, we have a reduction vis-à-vis last year. So the 5% reduction, of course, is due to sell-downs. So if you were to see this on a like-for-like basis, we would be plus 2% versus nine months of 202

to Spain, the asset mix, not only the asset mix from the 2020 asset rotation deal, but also the impact of the regulatory and financial hedges in the context of very high pool prices. In Portugal, the tariff extension and the new additions. In the rest of Europe, we actually observed an 11% increase in terms of the average revenue price or price increase that of course offsets these reductions in Spain and Portugal. In North America, the average price increased by 1% with higher merchant prices that were offset by the air cut event in Q1. In Brazil, average price was up by 9%, 239 reais, Brazil in reais. And this of course back on the fact that we have exposed to higher merchant prices and also devolution in terms of capacity. Revenue is totaled 1.3 billion with the impact from the sell down. So that's a reduction of 92 million year on year. Lower average prices. So that's minus 27 million year on year if you exclude sell down. And some forex translation as I mentioned in beginning, and others that account for about 54 million reduction versus last year, which of course they are not offset by the capacity additions that contribute to around 180 million year on year. So like for like, as I said before, if you are to adjust for the sell downs, we would have an increased revenues in EDPR by 2% year on year. On the OPEX, moving to the next slide, naturally, we keep a very focused in terms of excellence of the operations. So core OPEX per average megawatt is up only by 1% year on year. So actually this is a minus 3% if adjusted on the back of our O&M strategy. And of course, as you know, we have been front loading the company in terms of resources to meet the business plan growth. Overall, this leads us to have an EBITDA of 917 million euros. Of course, this is driven not only by the top line performance, lower capital gains year on year. And in terms of the geographical mix, pretty much a 50-50 contribution from North America and Europe to EDPR results on a consolidated basis. On the net profit, we ended up the period with 148 million euros, again, on the back of the top line performance. The financials have improved. On the financials, as I said in the beginning, we have improved our cost of debt to 3.4%. So that's a reduction 0.2% points versus last year. Again, I would like to emphasize that on the P&L tax has a negative impact year on year, but the bulk of this is non-cash. And cash taxes are neutral when you compare to the nine-month results 2020. So on the next slide, in terms of debt, net debt and tax equity increased 191 million euros. Of course, the asset rotation proceeds and capital increase, they have offset it or funded the growth acceleration. So by September, we actually have debt approximately 100 million lower versus the 31st of December last year. And almost 90% of the 3.3 billion net debt is at the fixed interest rate. So as you know, it's part of our risk profile. Tax equity increased 1.4 billion, naturally following the 0.6 billion of tax equity proceeds that we announced recently, but also offset by the deconsolidation of the tax equity associated with the US asset rotation deal in June. And just also to finalize, focusing on the period ESG on this slide 25. So starting by the environmental performance, as I said before, we avoided 13 million tons of CO2 emissions. So we are effectively contributing to this global challenge of reaching a net zero. The company's emissions represent only about 0.2% of the avoided ones. In terms of circularity, we are maintaining our recovery ratios aligned with previous years, continuously working naturally to improve on those. And biodiversity, no significant spills, no significant fires. We had 56 near misses. And year on year, I mean, the variation is pretty much aligned with the company growth. Social dimension, as Miguel said, we have surpassed 2,000 employees. So that's a 23% increase year on year. And naturally, moving towards our diversity goal, with a percentage of female employees increasing to 32%. Regarding health and safety, there was an average of 1.7 work-related accidents per million work hours, 64 lost work days per million work hours, which is in line year on year. Unfortunately, we have some severe accidents that are impacting naturally the business. And we have been dedicating a significant amount of time to improve the health and safety across the different operations and the construction sites. So learning from these lessons, unfortunately. And just a final note regarding communities, EDPR maintained its 5 million euros community of investment in access to energy. We reached 1.1 million euros in social investment. So that's slightly lower year on year, naturally given the COVID-19 response plan that we implemented last year within our local communities. And with this, I would hand back to Miguel for his closing remarks. Thank you. Thank you, Rui. So just to finalize the presentation, just a couple of words on the overall environment and also on the outlook for renewables. First, if we move to slide 27, we continue to see an environment, a policy environment, if you want, which is highly supportive of the energy transition. We have the recent news from COP26, which I'm sure you're following now taking place in Glasgow. And I think it just comes to show sort of the need to really elevate the global commitments and also different measures that the various different countries and political leaders and companies are taking to fight climate change. So clearly this fight for climate change requires strong fundamentals. It will have an unprecedented growth in renewables, which I think it's an interesting document. I'm sure you've read highlighted by the International Energy Agency's World Energy Outlook, which was just recently released now in mid-October. And states that to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees, it would require an annual global clean energy investment of $4 trillion by 2030. So four times as much as the $1 trillion, which was invested in 2020. I mean, these are absolutely staggering values. And I mean, even a fraction of this would be a significant increase versus what we are seeing today. And I believe there is obviously a political will by a lot of different countries to move in that direction. In Europe in particular, which has been a champion of climate change, the European Commission's toolbox to tackle the increase in energy costs, which has been obviously a big issue on the agenda recently, is very much to reinforce the need to deploy renewables. Clearly, we need to also have energy efficiency solutions. We need to continue to build out grids across the continent. There will be the need to deploy €750 billion from the European Next Generation Funds. So that's a process we expect will now be moving to the stage of application of projects at the national level. And hopefully we'll have more visibility during 2022. But I mean, bottom line is the European Commission has been very aggressive and I think very consistent in its fight for climate change and in supporting the need for deploying renewables and electrifying the economy and so forth. In relation to the US, I mean, clearly, I'm sure we've all been watching closely the Build Back Better framework package, which has been in discussion. So as you know, there was already one package which had been approved, the infrastructure bill, which was, let's say, they were tying it to the second package as well. It's currently estimated at around $1.8 trillion, the Build Back Better bill. It includes the long-term visibility of the fiscal incentives for clean energy investments, so the PTCs and the ITCs, potentially extending those. And it gives a tax credit total amount of $320 billion to support the renewables in the medium term. So clearly the US, it seems to be taking some good steps. Hopefully in the very, very short term, in the next couple of days, hopefully no more than a couple of weeks, there will be visibility on closing that. And as you know, it's been something which has been around for a while, but it seems that people are quite optimistic about this. In terms of key takeaways, so slide 28, and then just before moving on to Q&A. So first, we really are going global now. I mean, we were already a global company, but now present in 25 markets, which exposes the company to 75% of worldwide growth in renewables until 2030. So I think this is a very significant step that we are taking. This growth platform in Asia Pacific basically will leverage on Sunseep. So as I was saying, an established platform fully consistent with our portfolio. It's got a low risk, long-term contracted profile, which is very similar to or something that we like very much. EDP renewables ramping up the growth, 2.5 gigawatts added year on year, 2.7 gigawatts under construction. So getting closer to the 3 gigawatts target per year. And we now have over 8 gigawatts secured with good returns and risk profile. And so that's a 75% of the target until 2022. Asset rotation, I've talked about very solid and good. Financials have been impacted in this third quarter, the nine months to date, by the lower capital gains year on year, lower generation US and Spain. But we believe that the attractive asset rotation deals that we've done will allow us to close the gap over the next couple of months. So I think there's a need to look through the short-term pressure and really think about the underlying potential and growth of EDP renewables, which is absolutely fantastic. So the growth outlook continues to be very strong.

We see it very strongly. EDP Renewables is extremely well positioned to capture it globally now in all the different platforms. And so I'd just really like to reiterate, I mean, on behalf of the team, clearly very enthusiastic about the growth prospects for the business in the different regions and now looking forward to also tackle the growth opportunity in Asia Pacific. So clearly focused on the US, Europe, Latin America and now this additional region. So focused on the plan, focused on delivering the megawatts and the numbers. And now happy to turn it over to Q&A. So Andre. Thank you. So we can move now to Q&A. Thank you. As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question on today's call, please press star one on your telephone keypad. Please ensure your line is unmuted locally and you will be advised when to ask your question. If you change your mind and wish to withdraw your question, please press star two. So as a reminder, that was star one on your telephone keypad if you would like to ask a question. And our first question comes in from the line of Alberto Gandolfi calling from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is to go back a little bit on slide 13. You basically said that you're insulated from any cost inflation. So I just wanted to confirm, can you maybe again specify on a time horizon basis, do you think you are protected on cost inflation until the beginning of 2023, Q1, Q2, end of 22? If you can give us some ideas and any disruption from the supply chain you're seeing, shipping, freight, any delays that might derive from that. The second question is on the M&A transaction you announced today. May I just ask in terms of financing, you believe that the balance sheet is okay? You believe that just asset rotations would be sufficient or any other ways of financing we should be thinking about here? And the last question, a bit provocative, so apologies in advance if it doesn't come out properly right, but you could argue that there isn't much net income that the company is generating for the first nine months of the year. So can I ask you how you explain that? Is it because you're really, besides the load factor that we're well below average, but you can argue that the capital gains you booked offsets losses from Texas. So point would be, is it just because you think you're ramping up capacity, you're putting so much upfront costs and then revenues will gradually keep growing with inflation in most jurisdictions? Is it an increase in devex because you're accelerating construction or how should we think about that and the evolution of net income in the next three, four, five years? Thank you so much. Hi, Alberto. So good questions. In relation to the first question, so the cost inflation. Yes, I mean, we are insulated, in fact, for the projects that we have in the short term. We not only have the, in many cases, the actual turbines and solar panels delivered and we're sort of the ones that are under construction. We have a high degree of confidence and let's say invisibility on that. In relation to things which are further out, and I believe you mentioned sort of 2023. I mean, in those cases, what we're doing to the extent that we haven't yet closed those projects, we will be feeding that through into the PPA. So as I mentioned, in terms of the cost inflation. In terms of wind turbines, we also have good visibility. We have no indication to the contrary that we would not be able to get access to the turbines that are being contracted. And so that's something which, even recently talking to the teams, I think we have privileged relationship with the different suppliers. And so that's something, again, that we don't expect any, certainly not any material, nothing that would be sort of out of usual delays or disruptions there. I think in relation to solar, it is maybe a slightly different story. So in the short term, again, we have the visibility. In many cases, we already have the panels actually in our possession. And so there's no issue there. In the medium term, we are obviously monitoring the supply chain carefully and talking to the suppliers almost on a daily basis to really understand if there are any issues. So far, the issues that are being highlighted have been delays, which could be, let's say, a month. That's sort of the type of time frame, which is really not material in the context. So even if it's slipped a quarter, a month to the other, in terms of profitability, we don't see that as an issue. But there is a degree of uncertainty in the market at the moment. And so we are working very closely with the suppliers to make sure that we have that, you know, we are able to close that timings so that we have better visibility on that. But again, I'd say on wind, certainly there's no issue there. In terms of solar, it's just a lack of visibility, which we are working through. But so far, we have not had any material, let's say, indication that we would be out of, not able to comply with the targets. M&A transaction, definitely, you know, will be done on balance sheet. I think we have space for that. I mean, this is a transaction which brings also some operational megawatts with good profitability and also a good pipeline. So we would be deploying capex in any case in the region. And so in that extent, you know, we are not expecting to do anything different from what we would normally do. So it would fit within the normal, let's say, structure of balance sheets that we would be assuming for the next couple of years. And if you want, we can also comment a bit in more detail on that. In relation to net income, I mean, this year, obviously, there have been, you know, as I mentioned earlier, there have been some issues which have impacted us. So it's not been a great year. We have had much lower wind generation. So that is certainly something which has impacted the year. We've had some one-offs like ERCOT, which, again, obviously not impacted us earlier this year. And also in terms of some of the hedges in terms of Spain, I think, you know, we addressed that as well, although that's, let's say, more residual. So really the key thing has been the wind generation. I mean, obviously, we are ramping up growth. And so ramping up growth means that we ramp up devex, we ramp up some of the growth costs. But I think that's, let's say, built into the numbers over the, certainly over the medium term. So that's, let's say, the guidance I could probably give you on that. But anyway, we can come back to that again if you want any more detail on that. Very clear. Thank you. The next question comes in from the line of Manuel Palomo calling from Exxan BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. Hello. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. I've got a follow-up on the transaction. I understand that today's announcement is not just a simple acquisition of assets, but could you please give us some additional information, color about the transaction in terms of operational data, I mean, in terms of the expected EBITDA net profit maybe for the year 2022? And also if you give us a bit of the detail on those 540 megawatts in operation and under construction, how much is in operation, how much is under construction? And my second question relates to Spain. I've seen that there's been a significant decline in the average selling price in the country from 80.3 to 58.5. So I would ask for a bit of color on the granularity on the different components for this decline in the price given the high wholesale prices that we're seeing. And also wanted to ask you a bit about your hedging policy for the coming year or years in Spain. One question would be if you have contracted volumes in Spain that could put you at risk in case that the resource continues to be weak. And the other question is whether you divest an expectation in terms of volumes that are already hedged and also prices at which you have hedged volumes. Thank you very much. Thanks, Manel. So in relation to the first question, I mean, some additional color I can probably provide for 2022 is that the expected EBITDA contribution would be around 50 million euros for 22. And we expect that to grow at around 25% CAGR over the next couple of years. So there would be north of 100 million certainly by 2025. And hopefully, well, I'd say that. So in terms of, let's say, financials. And we don't go down to the net income level. In terms of megawatts, so I'd say that talking AC operating end of the year, we'd probably be expecting to have around 430 megawatts. The rest would be coming in early next year, so probably another 200 plus coming in in 22 AC. And hopefully more than that. But I'd say, let's say, on the conservative side, that would be it. So that's probably some of the color I can give at this stage in terms of the transaction. In terms of timing of closing, it is subject to regulatory approval. So we will have to go through that still before we can actually step into the company. So what we've done is just signed all of the SPAs. And we expect that would happen, let's say, the most optimistic scenario would still be this year. But given COVID, et cetera, maybe early next year. So in terms of actual...

given COVID, etc., maybe early next year, so in terms of actual closing of the transaction. In relation to questions 2 and 3, I can probably pass it on to Rui. Thank you, Miguel. Hi, Manuel. So regarding Spain, so maybe I think it's better if I just split this in three building blocks. So let's start by the actual pre-hedging. So we have about 2.5 terawatt hours of generation, which is under the regulated framework, and that on average we have a price of 76.5 euros per megawatt hour. Then we have about 1 terawatt hour, so that's merchant, that capacity which is under a merchant basis outside the regulatory framework, and that was sold at an average price of 67 euros per megawatt hour. I mean, this includes the pool price, the WAF, so the wind adjusted factor, so on and so forth. If you build these two together, you get to an average price of around 74 euros per megawatt hour. Again, this is pre-hedging. Now, the second part of this is that, as you know, we have a hedging strategy to mitigate volatility and ensure that we have a low-risk profile. So before the year started, we had already approximately, or as it was starting, we had approximately 2.2 terawatt hours of energy sold forward at 53.5 euros per megawatt hour. So basically when you combine these two plus the fact that you have a lower wind resource this year in Spain, basically you get down to an average price of 58.5 euros that we were reporting and that you were referring to. Again, the combination is there, or this is the result of the combination of, on one hand, the fact that once we have the hedge in place, then if there is any delta towards the regulatory hedge, that will be impacting the books and impacted the books. And secondly, because there is a part of this hedging that we had a shortfall in terms of volume, and therefore we were not able to generate the required power and basically had to buy it at higher market prices. So it's the combination of these two factors. What is the actual pre-hedging plus the hedging that yields the 58.5 euros per megawatt hour. As we move forward to 2022, maybe here two comments. So we have approximately 70% of our capacity or generation hedged for 2022. That's an average price of 50 euros per megawatt hour. As you know, there is now a discussion in terms of regulatory, some potential regulatory change impacting the 2022, which the government is discussing this with different renewables associations. So this is something that we have to wait and see what is the outcome of that discussion and to what extent it could potentially impact the hedging strategy towards 2022. I mean, if nothing changes, as I said, we have about 70%, that's around 2.2 terawatt hours also hedged for 2022 full year. The next question comes in from the line of Danny Peng from Citi. Please go ahead. Hi, thank you very much. I have two questions, please. Just going back to the point around supply chain, we've just heard on the Orsted call about solar panel delays in the US and Vestas obviously reported today and they highlighted some of the delays around onshore wind, two out of three orders are being pushed back. I understand you say that you've got very strong relationships, but I just wondered whether you can elaborate a little bit more around that. Do you have existing sort of contracts in place to effectively mitigate any or claw back any lost earnings on the back of any delays in some of these supply chain issues, which may come through end of this year, next year? Just really trying to understand where your strong relationships, how that manifests itself. And then secondly, on Sunseep, Manuel's already asked quite a bit of the details. I just wondered whether you can give the debt number, the net debt number that you'll be taking on. And then very lastly, and apologies for a newbie question, but when I look at Equinor, when I look at Orsted, all of these companies are now starting to report, at least give guidance around their EBITDA X gains. And I just wondered to hear what your latest thoughts on that in terms of your views in including the gains in EBITDA. Thank you very much. Thank you. So taking the first question on the supply chain, I mean, first of all, we have contracts obviously for everything that is under construction and that we have secured. And so to that extent, those contracts typically have clauses which in the case of delays or significant delays, there are penalties associated with that. And I don't think it's in anyone's interest that there would be those delays. We have these long-term relationships. I mean, we've been in this business now for almost two decades. If we're not the number one customer of Vestas, we are probably close to them, maybe on the year. So I think in relation to that, obviously we work with them and try to have the best terms possible, but we also have the contracts in place and we will obviously enforce those. And as I mentioned earlier, we have had no indication that there would be any delays on the projects that we already have under construction or that we are developing over the next year or so. In relation to solar panels, I mean, there it's not so much a question of... Well, sorry, in relation to pricing as well. I mean, obviously that's already built into the contract. So when we lock in the CapEx, we're also locking in the pricing. And so to the extent that it's closed, it's closed. If, for example, we are still in the process of an RFP or a tender or something, and there is an increase in the CapEx estimate, then we will feed that through into the higher PPA prices or the auction prices. And so that's why I gave the example of Spain where you saw an increase in the tender prices and also in some of the PPAs that we are currently negotiating where we've gone back to the customers with higher PPA prices. And since it's a general sector-wide thing, that's been accepted. So I'd say that that's the visibility that we have. In relation to solar, as I say, again, we have good long-term relationships with suppliers like Longi, Boviet, which are some of the top suppliers globally. To the extent that there are issues on pricing, and there have been, we're also feeding that through into increased PPAs. In any case, when we talk about increases in PPAs, we're talking about maybe $2, $2 per megawatt hour. I mean, that's the sort of size of the delta that we see in some cases. In terms of actual timing, as I say, there there's some uncertainty. So we have had no indication that there will be any material delays. But in any case, it is something that we're following closely. So obviously, we know that there have been issues in the supply chain further upstream. And so, I mean, we're continuing to monitor the situation, but I don't have any specific, let's say, guidance to give you on that. Apart from that, it seems to be manageable within the current context or within the current, let's say, estimates that we had given out to the market. In terms of net... Sorry, so hopefully that answers the question or has given you a little bit more color on the question. No, that's perfect, thanks. Yep. In terms of the net debt for Sunseep, so it's around $200 million. So I think we've given enterprise value $870 million, equity value around $600 and something million. And so I think that's, you know, the delta would be around $200 million. What we have said, however, is since that some of these projects are under construction, over the next couple of months, sort of by the end of the year, probably the enterprise value would be closer to a billion because of the additional CapEx that will be in place. So let's say breaking it down into very specific numbers, EV $870 as of date of signing, equity value $690, net debt $180. And as I say, but the enterprise value will be closer to a billion by the end of the year, which is probably when we would do the closing. In terms of guidance, I mean, to be honest, we consider and we have been considering now for a while that the asset rotation strategy is something which is an intrinsic part of the business. I mean, we build megawatts, some of them are to keep, others are to sell, and we give visibility on those gains. And so when you talk about X gains, I mean, what we've indicated to the markets, let's say in the context of our business plan, is that the capital gains implicit in the business plan are roughly $300 million per year over the next couple of years. So if you look at the numbers that you have for EDPR, that's sort of the level of gains. And so one minus the other would give you, let's say, the guidance X gains. Thank you very much. The next question comes in from the line of Mikel Zabala from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon. Miguel Rian. I have a question from me, please. So as you pointed out in your slides, the last graph of the U.S. recancellation bill.

out in your slides, the last draft of the US Reconciliation Bill is proposing 10-year extension for subsidies. Would it be fair to say that there is upside to your long-term capacity targets from February? And could you give us an idea in terms of the incremental opportunity here versus your plan if those extensions become a reality? And the second question is, we've seen permitting issues in most of the European markets. It's been a problem for new projects. So could you please discuss the visibility that you have right now over Sunship's pipeline given it's so big vis-a-vis the operational capacity? What can you tell us about the permitting situation in some of those Asian markets? Is it better than in Europe? And also conscious that it's a bit of a different game for distributed solar. So is it fair to say that this is easier, a technology easier to permit than utility-scale solar? Thank you very much. Yeah, so I mean, great questions. In relation to the first one, I mean, I think actually your first question is slightly related to your second question as well. So the 10-year extension is absolutely fantastic. I mean, obviously it gives a big boost to the industry as a whole in the US and just continues. I mean, if renewables is already competitive even without the PTCs, I think this really gives an extra boost to continuing the growth of renewables in the US, both wind and solar, and also even other technologies like storage and hydrogen, which will also, and offshore, which also get that additional boost. I mean, I wouldn't want to necessarily give a specific target because I don't have one of upsides to the long-term goals that we've given. What I would say is I would go back to one of the comments which I made, which is if we want to reach the targets, the overall sort of Paris Agreement targets, the 1.5 degrees, we would be investing 4 trillion per year globally as opposed to the 1 trillion. So quadrupling. I mean, obviously that's not the basis for our numbers. So our numbers are based on, let's say, more conservative growth plans. But I mean, this is just a massive amount. So I don't think the issue, I mean, the sky's the limit in terms of number of megawatts. I think the big issue, which is on the table in terms of how fast we can roll this out, is making sure that each individual country has very specific targets. So they go from that more aspirational goals to very concrete yearly goals over the next 10 years. And they translate that, for example, into tenders or they translate that into a sort of specific processes so that they continue to drive the demand sort of at the national and at the regional level. And then I think one of the things which we've also been highlighting, both with the European Commission and also within associations like Wind Europe or Euroelectric, is around the permitting issues. So obviously some countries are easier than others. I think there is work that can be done there. And that's something that I know at the highest level in the European Commission and I think certainly in the European Commission, they are looking at permitting issues, how they can look at the best practices of different countries, come up with a list, for example, of countries and how they rank in terms of time to be able to get the permits done and to get projects sort of approved. As you know, it can vary quite a lot between different countries. And so I think focusing now on some of those issues and making sure those are more facilitated, I think that will help certainly translate some of these more ambitious targets into very concrete numbers on the ground and accelerate even more what we're currently seeing. In relation to SunTip in particular, I mean, I think in Asia Pacific, definitely the issues around permitting are relevant because, I mean, it is a densely populated region of the world, which is good and bad. I mean, it's good because there's a lot of demand there. There's a lot of need to decarbonize economy. But it does mean that land is expensive and you need to really manage, let's say, those permitting to make sure it's compatible with the local communities. I think that's why things like, you know, floating solar or reclaiming land or offshore, I mean, all those or distributed generation, which is actually something which is really growing a lot in a lot of these countries, are ways of reaching those objectives in a way which is consistent also with the permitting issues and with the impact on the local communities. So I think SunTip has been very successful in terms of what they've done over the last couple of years and the way they have positioned themselves for this. In terms of growth going forward, I mean, we're talking about probably being able to grow at 200 to 300 megawatts at least in the short term per year, AC, and sort of 300 to 400 DC. And I think, as I say, probably upsizing that given the different markets and just given the overall size of the region. So hopefully that's added a little bit of color to the questions. Yeah, thank you very much. The next question comes in from the line of Philip O. Patian calling from Ogo. Please go ahead. Yes, good afternoon. Just three follow-up questions. The first one is concerning the 540 megawatts of SunTip. You mentioned at 1 million euro per megawatt, which seems to be quite high. Could you just elaborate about this figure? That's my first question. You mentioned also 20-year PPA, which is a good news regarding the duration. But is the 670 megawatts which are in operation and synchronized are fully under PPA, means 100% of the capacity is under PPA? That's the second question. And the last question is concerning the valuation. Could you just elaborate how you are valued? The value creation you mentioned on the slide 11 means that could you just give us some parameters you use or more simply, I would say, this under bracket margin generated versus the construction cost, which seems to be quite high, somewhere around 50%. Could you just elaborate concerning this valuation? Many thanks. Okay. In relation to the first question, so the 540 million, I mean, it's high, but you have to think about it in terms of distributed generation. So we're talking about smaller project sizes, typically would be in the single digit megawatts, and obviously in locations which have higher costs in terms of deployment because there are more distributed generations. So in terms of the CapEx, given the way they were developed, I think it's a normal or what would be expected. Also just to remind you, it is AC and not DC. And sometimes I think when people are comparing the CapEx numbers for solar, it is important to make that distinction because obviously it is AC and DC do have around a 20% difference. So I think in relation to CapEx, I mean, obviously we think CapEx will then continue to come down over the next couple of years, but let's say that would be one first comment in relation to that. In relation to the second question, the 20-year PPAs. So yes, it is pretty much fully contracted for the PPAs or regulated. I think that's mentioned here on one of the slides. I don't have, you can find exactly the number of the slide, but that is fully contracted and at the 70, around 75 euros per megawatt hour. So I just also highlight the price of the implied price of those PPAs slash regulated. In relation to the value creation, I'm glad you asked the question. I mean, what I would say is, you know, we look, when we look at these projects or we look at these acquisitions for our platform, I mean, we are applying the same type of investment metrics that we do for other projects. So in this case, we would be looking at, let's say, above 2% spread of our cost of capital. And that's assuming, let's say, a relatively prudent growth plan over the next couple of years. So let's say we'd be basically taking the current operational projects and let's say in the margin on that using that sort of spread. And then also looking at the future value creation that will be had with that growth. And the overall, it has to be in line with our investment criteria. So around the 1.4 times or at least above the 2% spread. So that's sort of the way we would look at it from a valuation perspective. That's why in terms of the slide, if you notice, I mean, in the way we brought it up, it's the CAPEX and then the value creation and the pipeline. And those three bars actually sum up to more, or at least visually, they should sum up to more, look more than the implied enterprise value actually paid for it. Because we do believe we are getting a good return for this investment, assuming relative, you know, reasonable assumptions. Just one additional, is this means that for the pipeline of the 4.8 gigawatts, you have taken the assumption that the utility scale business are going to be bigger than the DG and means that your CAPEX will go down toward the normal level what we are seeing in some projects around the world, somewhere between 0.5, 0.6, that's correct to assume? What we've looked at, and then probably the best way to think about it is we've looked at what would be a reasonable growth rate or relatively, you know, being relatively conservative, obviously we don't want to be too aggressive here, in terms of growth of megawatts over the next couple of years, until 2025 thereabouts, and the implied value creation that we will be getting on that, assuming our typical investment returns. So, you know, around the 1.4 times WAC or above 2% spread. And so just saying that implied in that

part of it, not all of it, but at least part of it, over the next couple of years, that we will be creating value from that pipeline, and that will give us a return which will be quite a bit higher than the 870 that we are paying for the platform. Many thanks. The next question comes in from the line of Jörg Alonso, calling from Societe Generale. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon. Just a couple of questions left, please. Regarding the expansion into new markets, specifically in Asia, this is a solar platform, but do you think it could be a good idea for you to look for a similar transaction or a similar approach for developing wind in Asia, or do you think your capabilities are good enough to go and do it directly? And the second one is if you can provide a little bit of color about the work in progress that you expect to have at the end of the year, so which amount of money will be invested and reflected in the net debt, but not contributing to EBITDA? Thank you very much. Thanks, Josh. So in relation to the first comment, I think I mentioned in the presentation that we would look to leverage on this platform to bring our competencies in winds. So we are not looking or not thinking about buying any additional platform in Asia for winds. We think that given the team and the quality of the people there, plus our own expertise and the people we have internally, that we would be able to build on this platform to develop, let's say, the winds components. So it's not in our plans to go out and do another acquisition for a specific wind platform. In relation to the second question on work in progress, I'm not sure we have the specific number. Perhaps we can follow that up later, but it's not something I have here off the top of my head. Next question comes in from the line of Sara Paggini, calling from Mediobanca. Please go ahead. Hi, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Just a clarification, if possible, about the deal of Sunzip. So how do you consider the distributed solar generation versus the utilities' scale generation? Do you think it's a more risky business or they have similar characteristics? And when you indicate the 75 euros per megawatt hour, I presume this is for the assets already secured, but do you expect these tariffs to be applicable also for the future projects? And then also about the pipeline, I understood that a large part of the pipeline is also related to floating PV. Can you please indicate a level of CAPEX per megawatt for this technology? And then the second question is about the guidance. Could you please indicate what is the level of EBITDA and net debt that you expect by year-end, considering the 300 million capital gains and also the acquisition of Sunzip? Many thanks. Okay. So in relation to your questions, in relation to the first one, distributed generation versus utility scale, I mean, I think one of the key things, and we've obviously been doing a lot of work on Asia Pacific and seeing how we can take advantage of the growth opportunity there, it is quite densely populated. And I think that's something to bear in mind. So distributed generation there, which can be sort of two megawatt, that type of range, or one to 10 megawatts type range, can be quite an interesting solution because it can be deployed much closer to the industrial customers or the customers that we are entering into PPAs with, and then growing that at scale in the region. So it is relatively similar, I'd say, in the sense that you have also specific counterparts, and I mentioned some of them, whether it's an Amazon or a Microsoft, those are the type of customers that you can also have in this case. That's true for some markets. In other markets, for example, in Vietnam, I mean, maybe you have a regulated tariff, and so in that case, it would also be, let's say, for the utility scale, it would also be something that we would be considering. So from a technological point of view, it's not so different. From a regulatory point of view, I mean, the key thing is also looking at the regulation or at the counterparty. So I don't think they're very substantially very different businesses at the end of the day, and we're not talking B2C. We're talking, you know, when I talk distributed generation, we're talking basically CNI and B2B customers. So I don't see it as a materially very different business. In terms of the second question, the 75 euros per megawatt hour, so these are for assets already secured. I mean, obviously, this will evolve over time, depending on the countries, depending on whether, you know, what are the capex assumptions that we'll be using or getting for the different projects. I would say that over time, we would expect these numbers to probably start coming down, as also, you know, the economies of scale start kicking in in some of these geographies. So, but I would say they would still stay relatively high numbers, certainly compared to perhaps some of the numbers we see in other parts of the world, for example, like in Iberia or some parts of the U.S. So the 75 euros per megawatt hour is for what we have secured. I wouldn't expect it to deviate too much over the next couple of years. In terms of floating PV, solar capex, I don't have a specific estimate for that. We can get back to you on that. When we are looking at, let's say, when we're looking at what is the pipeline, the value of a certain pipeline, the most important thing for us is do we think that we can get a positive value creation, a positive margin on the projects when we invest in them. And that's why the metrics that we look for, whether it's a 2% minimum spread or the 1.4 times WAC, that's really what's most relevant for us. It then needs to be technologically feasible. We need to make sure we have a good counterpart and that the PPA is competitive. In terms of the specific capex estimates, maybe you can come back to you with that. In terms of EBITDA net income, what I'd say is that we are still comfortable with consensus. And essentially, it will depend very much on, as I mentioned in the presentation, on closing some of the asset rotation transactions before the end of the year. So I think we're making good progress there. As you know, we have several transactions on track that we signed earlier this year. And so I'd say we will be above the 300 million. That is our expectation by the end of the year. And so in line with EBITDA and net income, that's out on the market. And which I think is being given out by IR. Thank you. The next question comes in from the line of Oli Jeffery, calling from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Hi. A few questions for me, please. First is on going back to the poor wind resource that we've seen this year. Just asking the question again, do you have any reason to believe that the P50 load factors that you're assuming in the future for wind should be lower? For example, are there any noises internally getting louder about having to look at this again? Or are you aware of any studies that are questioning P50 load factors as we look at them? And also, are you looking into this? Are you carrying out an assessment into this area to see if you're still comfortable with where the P50s are? And then the second question I have is just specifically on the Portugal and Poland cells, you know, done at quite high EV to megawatt multiples, 2 to 2.4 megawatts. Can we expect when you complete these, the gains that you get on these assets on a per megawatt basis are significantly higher than the 250 per megawatt we saw at the beginning of the year? Because if you assume a typical capex, you might expect that the gains here are going to be really quite chunky and in excess of 500,000 a megawatt perhaps. Any comments on that would be much appreciated. Thank you very much. Okay. Hi. So I think in relation to the first question, that's, I mean, the question I certainly ask internally constantly. And so far, there's no reason to believe that this is changing. I mean, that's the honest answer. You know, when we look back over 20, 30, 40 years, I mean, you know, and look at the long-term trend and sort of we factor in the last couple of years or in the last couple of quarters, I mean, there's volatility. There always has been volatility. It seems to be within the normal range. And so the overall trend line does not seem to be deviating. So, you know, there will be good years. There will be bad years. I mean, this is clearly not a good year. But the only voice, I think, that is Hui and myself making sure internally that we are sufficiently comfortable to be able to tell you and the rest that, you know, we have no reason to believe that this is changing. And so that's the question we ask ourselves internally. And that's the assessments we've been looking at and the statistics we've been looking at.

and as I say nothing has led us to believe that there is a change. In relation to the second question, I mean yes you are right I would say particularly in the case of Portugal it would be a higher multiple per megawatt in Poland it would probably be more in line with the values that you indicated. I mean we will provide specific numbers on that obviously when we close them. It is all subject to adjustments and to changes depending on the contractual provisions that we have with the buyers and so that's why we typically only give out the final numbers when we actually close the transaction. So hopefully by year end we will have done that and then we will be able to provide additional information on that. But I would say yes I mean your intuition is right in that the gains per megawatt will be higher than the 250. The final question comes in from the line of George Gamara calling from JD Capital. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. I just have two follow-up questions if I may. The first is a technical one related to your issues with the regulatory edging in Spain. I would like to understand exactly the mechanics of what happened in the quarter and if possible if you can quantify what was the impact in the quarter of this regulatory edge as you might call it. And the second one is related to distributed generation. You are doing a massive push on distributed generation with this acquisition of SunTip. Could we see, and this is a theme that you mentioned in the past, could we see EDPR buying more platforms of distributed generation in other geographies? Thank you very much. In relation to the first one, I didn't pass it to Rui and probably in more detail we can also then take it offline just to walk you through the exact mechanics. But I'll pass it to Rui. Perhaps I'll just answer the second question first and then before I pass the ball. I mean in relation to DG, I think DG, well first we're talking about typically these platforms are more B2B or CNI. And so the line between DG and utility scale sometimes becomes more blurred, certainly in certain geographies. So I think our position has been that the same way that we look at wind, solar, offshore, within these technologies you then have slightly different segments and sometimes these are blurred. So you can have, for example, utility scale in France, which can be maybe 10 megawatts and you can have what we would call distributed generation, which might be also some single digits or close to 10 megawatts depending just because it's behind the meter. So I think we do see synergies there and we do see these as different ways of, let's say, attacking the market in different geographies and also depending on the particular regulatory environment. I wouldn't see ourselves buying a lot more platforms or at least we don't have a strategy for going out and buying more DG platforms. We have done that selectively where we think it adds value to us. So this is one case. I mean, Suncorp does both. It's expected going forward to do about 50% each, 50% utility, 50% more, let's say, CNI DG. We have done that in the US with C2. So that's also a complement to our existing platform in the US. And I think that also gives us a good insight into the dynamics of the DG market in the US. So again, we will do it selectively. We do think it's a good way, particularly in some geographies, of getting access to more growth, particularly on the solar side. But it's not something that, let's say, we have an active strategy of specifically going out to buy more of those platforms. In relation to the first question, then I'll pass the ball if we want to take that. Yeah, thank you, Miguel. Hi, George. So definitely we can take it offline and go through in more detail, but just in a ballpark. So we have about 15 million euros impact, 10 to 15 million euros impact in Q3 from this financial hedging in Spain. Our full year estimate is around 25 million on the basis of a P50 wind resource in the fourth quarter. So that's the amount, sort of the range that we are talking about. I mean, the mechanics just in one minute is basically once if you have regulatory, so wind farms under regulatory framework, and if we are hedged, as you know, if the price goes above the regulatory cap, you will have to get that additional revenue back to the system. But if you are hedged, because we decided to hedge some volumes within the collar so that we don't take that volatility, then you need to give back the delta to your hedging and not to the regulatory cap. So that's what is impacting. But again, if you want, what I can do is we take it offline and go step by step so that you can get coverage on the numbers and the dynamics. Are we there? Thank you. That was the final question in the queue. Okay, thank you very much, everyone. Good afternoon. Thanks, everyone. Take care. Take care. Bye-bye.

