 Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us on our call today.
 I'll provide some highlights in the quarter,
 and then briefly discuss the performance
 of our two operating segments, clear liners,
 in our world of scanners.
 John will provide more detail on our financial results
 and discuss our outlook for the second quarter.
 Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions.
 317 is off to a great start with first quarter revenues, volumes, gross margin, and EPS all
 above expectations.
 First quarter net revenues were up 30% year-over-year given by strong and business line case shipments
 up 27% year-over-year to a record 38.9,000 doctors this quarter.
 These reflect growth from both our North American and international regions, and higher than
 unexpected teenage cases across the board, which increased 32 percent year over year.
 Iteroscana revenues increased 47% year-over-year and were down sequentially as expected.
 The Q1 North American Visiline case volume was up 8.4% sequentially and 20.3% year-over-year
 are driven primarily by North American orthodontists, but G.P.
 data showing improving growth trends.
 He strengthened North American ortho channel, reflects another record quarter for Invisalign
 U.S.
 utilization of 12.6 cases per quarter, which includes substantially higher use by teenager
 a positive indication for market share gains from metal braces.
 The Q1, we expand our adult focus media buying to target both men and women with specific
 segment focus.
 This new buying target built on historical strength we have had with adult females while
 while also reaching adult males in a much more pointed way than ever before.
 We saw the results of this new media targeting come through in our sales as strength can
 continued with adult females and also significant growth with adult males choosing Invisalign
 treatment.
 During the quarter, we launched Invisalign Light in North America, which is the first
 introduced in EMEA, and includes up to 14 stages of aligners.
 We also began titling in Visalign Go and North American Q1, including with some of our dental
 service organizations or DSOs, I Go For Short is an aesthetic solution designed to empower
 or general dentist to treat more patients.
 I go create a simplified approach.
 The guide stand is through identifying, planning, and treating aesthetic cases.
 On a year-over-year basis, shipment growth of 20.3% was driven by increased adoption
 of Invisalign by Orthodontist and continued expansion of our GP customer base.
 We continue to make good progress with our DSOs, with Invisalign shipments up nearly
 a 50% year-over-year in Q1.
 significantly higher than non-DSO practices.
 CSOs are leaders in adopting new technology
 and innovation in the Dell industry.
 They were the first to consolidate practices,
 automate processes and drive greater efficiencies
 in order to scale their operations.
 The next phase in the DSO industry shift
 driven by the consumer and their preference for everything digital, which we have branded
 the DSO 3.0 and our new marketing programs in collateral.
 Consumers today want digital experiences
 to provide them with more insight to the treatment
 and options and what steps to take in order
 to achieve a healthy lifestyle.
 By leveraging our technologies, ITERO scanning and Invisalign Treatment Plans,
 progress tracking application, time-lapse features,
 our DSOs will be able to collect data
 on their active patients and tailored dentistry and orthodontics the way their patients want
 to consume it digitally.
 Working together with DSOs, we can help accelerate
 the industry's shift.
 to full digital practices much quicker and more effectively
 than with other companies.
 as part of our newly formed America's region
 In Q1, we completed the acquisition of our distributor in Brazil, which includes a small
 team of employees will be based in our San Paolo offices in Latin America.
 Brazil is estimated to have approximately 1.8 million people in the country.
 me 1.4 million new orthodontic case starts each year and employs nearly 20% of the world's
 as the world's second largest market for cosmetic interventions.
 Brazil represents a tremendous growth potential for a line, and this acquisition will help
 with the establishment of our leadership position
 in Latin America and support our long-term growth strategy.
 If you want an Invisalign volume for international doctors,
 up 11.4 sequentially and up 41.3 percent year-over-year.
 The better than expected sequential increase was driven by growth in both the EMEA and
 APEC region.
 In EMEA, Q1 volumes were up 38.8% year over year.
 We had record quarter of growth across near the all country markets as our TFM model continues
 gaining traction across the ortho channel with Spain, the UK, and Germany leading the
 way. In Q1 we introduced Invisalign team with mandibular advancement in certain
 country markets in EMEA, and launch Invisalign GO in the UK, France, and Germany.
 We also completed the acquisition of our MEA distributor,
 which includes opening our first office in the Middle East,
 which gives us direct access to customers
 and distribution partners across Russia.
 Commonwealth of Independent States, the Baltics, Turkey, Monaco, Israel, Cyprus, the Middle
 least in Africa.
 In Asia Pacific, Q1 volumes were up 45.2% year-over-year, led by China, Japan, and Australia, New Zealand.
 In Q1, we launched the Invisalign team with Mandibular Advancement in Australia, New Zealand,
 Hong Kong and South Asia, and more than 800 doctors attending the peer-to-peer launch
 events.
 We also held a South Asia forum with record 200 doctors
 and participated in New Zealand's association
 of orthodontist form.
 Finally, in South Korea, we transferred all Invisalign practices currently managed by
 our network partner to a direct coverage model.
 This gives us 100% direct coverage of the Korean market,
 enable our team to continue developing the market for clear liners and help accelerate
 growth and adoption of a visual eye treatment.
 Turning to the team market for Q1, 49,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign
 clear liners.
 up 11.3 percent sequentially and 31.6 percent year-over-year.
 North America ortho-shipment growth was well above the three-year average, both sequentially
 in year-over-year.
 International case shipments that teenage patients increase
 both sequentially in year-over-year as well,
 with Q1 team shipments representing about 30%
 of total teenage cases.
 In Q1, we introduce the first clear liner solution
 for Class II correction in certain country markets in Canada and May and APEC.
 Invisalign team with mandibular advancement combines the benefits of the most advanced
 clear liner system in the world with features from moving the lower jaw forward while simultaneously
 aligning the teeth. This new solution offers a simpler, more efficient and patient-friendly
 treatment option than functional appliances and without the need for elastics typically
 used to treat teen class 2 patients.
 It's not available in the U.S. yet, spending five 10K approval from Regentsworth.
 In Q1, we are excited to launch our new global made to move campaign.
 This is the first time we've had an integrated campaign approach for consumer and professional
 hiding across all regions.
 The multi-channel national consumer campaign will reach potential patients through TV and
 and digital advertising, social media, and PR programs.
 Launch First of North America.
 we will begin to extend our Made to Move campaign
 and other key country markets beginning in May.
 Well, it's still very early.
 Our new campaign is already driving
 over 40% higher engagement in digital media
 versus prior media and followers across Invisalign social
 channels are up 13 percent this quarter.
 We're also seeing the effectiveness
 of the new target audience in media planning.
 In Q2, we'll launch a significant push
 to drive consumer demand and conversion with moms and teenagers.
 We will dial up our investment in marketing to moms
 a national multi-touch campaign under the May to move campaign umbrella.
 And in mid-May, we'll launch our national campaign,
 marketing to teenagers.
 The national campaign will utilize key social media platforms such as Instagram and Snapchat
 in YouTube to raise awareness of clear liners with custom programming for teens.
 In Q1 our scanner revenues increased 46.9% year over year and decreased 33% sequentially
 as expected.
 We worked through the backlog for ITERA elements from the end of last year.
 These results are more reflective of a typical capital equipment buying cycle, which is softening
 This past March at the International Dental Show,
 IDS we call it in Cologne.
 We had a greater presence in showcased ITERO and Invisalign GO, and the benefits of a combination
 with applications such as Invisalign Progress Tracking.
 We also previewed the time-lapse application
 that provides benefits with the ability to compare scans
 over time, to instantly visualize changes in patients'
 tooth wear movement, and gingival recessions.
 overall positive interest as we continue to expand our presence among GPs and AMAIA.
 Use of the ATERA scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of PVS impressions continues
 to expand.
 It remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign Utilization.
 For Q1, total Invisalign case submitted with a digital scanner in North America increased
 to a record 54.4% up over 10 percentage points
 in the same quarter last year, which reflects an acceleration
 in case shipments with inter-rural scanners, especially
 by North American orthodontist.
 Q1 was our first full quarter, supplying clear liners to SNAW Direct Club, and shipments
 to this new channel, we're solid.
 at the beginning of the year,
 Direct Club launched a consumer advertising campaign that has performed well and is extending
 the message of treatment with clear liners versus braces.
 They've also doubled their network of smile shops,
 where potential patients can schedule a scan,
 or have 3D impressions and photos taken.
 Overall, we remain excited about the long-term potential
 for the at-home doctor-directed market
 and working with Smile Direct Club
 to bring better smiles to more people.
 With that, I'll turn it over to call to John.
 comments.
 Joe.
 In closing, I'm pleased with our continued progress and execution of our strategic growth
 drivers.
 the dental industry remains healthy
 and our customers continue to report
 solid patient traffic in their offices.
 I just returned from the AAO meeting in San Diego this week, and was excited to see the
 level of activity in our booth and the interest level in our products, especially for teenagers
 as we kick off the summer team season with our new team-focused campaign.
 We had 2,000 doctors and their staff visit our booth and 310Vs participated in our ITERO
 our record scanning challenge, where an ITERO scan was completed in under one minute for
 for the first time in competition.
 We will be in Dubai in May hosting our Emmaus Summit
 with over 400 customers attending the two-day peer-to-peer event.
 You've got a lot going on in Q2, and I look forward to sharing more with you at the upcoming
 financial conference and meetings.
 I'll now open the call to questions.
 At this time we will be conducting the question and answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question.
 Hey, Bob, it's a good question.
 And then maybe that's our self-question, you know,
 in a quarter or two is unfortunately we don't do single variable equations around here.
 We have a number of things we've done with teams.
 And again, we'll make it more complicated
 as we get into more intense advertising
 in the second quarter.
 But what you mentioned, team challenge,
 we think certainly had an impact in this sense.
 I think some of the changes we've made on doc locator,
 a sense of the specificity of the patient,
 and directed into accounts was part of that also.
 Also, our next level partnership parts with customers,
 which basically takes customers to another level
 depending upon the share of business that we receive,
 are the accelerated growth level that they can provide to us.
 Remember, when you go back about 75% of the normal orthodontic cases in the United States
 So, if you want to do more Invisalign, it's going to be hard to just dip into adults if
 if you really want to increase in that sense,
 and you have to look at your team business too, so.
 I'd say those three major variables is what really we drove from a North America standpoint
 to teen growth in the first quarter.
 than another.
 Yeah, put it in separated.
 And then I guess you're just, I can't give you the,
 John can help you on the dimensions of it.
 But I'd say, when you talk about the men,
 gibbler advancement, which is a completely different animal
 in the like the 15 stage we have for a light,
 The light product fits really well when you think about E5, E10, and now E15.
 going to understand it.
 They can integrate it.
 and we saw a really rapid uptake with that product line.
 When you come out with new products in this business, like mandibular advancement, the
 The infusion rate into the marketplace is slow.
 really you have you know Dennis North Adonis who want to try the product they
 I want to see how it works.
 They're just cautious on the front end until they gain confidence with it.
 So, I mean, in different advancement, remember, we don't have a 510K in the United States yet.
 We have to, that'll occur later this year.
 We hope so, but we'll launch it the rest of the way around the world.
 product is truly a breakthrough. We'll have to work hard from a peer-to-peer standpoint
 to help the promoted, whatever, but it gives us more credibility again in that team market
 than we had before, but I wouldn't look at sign it,
 I wouldn't look at material numbers
 from Endibular Advancement in 2017 in any way.
 It will be how fast we can infuse that product in the marketplace.
 I'll take the first one, I'll give John the second one on this one, Steve, on a growth trial on one week wear piece.
 Again, it's hard to pull that signal out
 from the volume noise, I'd call it.
 But what we see is we're seeing rapid uptake
 by our Worth O'Donis and GPs on moving to a seven day kind of a liner where we're all
 Also getting good feedback in a sense that helps them in the closed cycle with patients
 to know that those particular episodes are going to last, you know, sometimes half the
 time or what another one was, so it becomes another item in that discussion that's really
 helpful.
 So.
 It's certainly helping us, again, that I can't quantify
 to the extent of that it is.
 As far as the U.S. and the faster piece that you mentioned before, John will deal with Steve.
 First of all, I mean, you saw our presence at IDS.
 We had a strong presence out at the AAO in San Diego.
 But, Amy, I hear your comments like that.
 But one thing I want to make sure is that we're not looking at ourselves as a general
 dentistry company.
 We do clear liner systems and we do scanners and we don't have, you know, the kind of penetration
 marketplace we think we should have here or anywhere in the world and so we'll
 We'll stay focused on those items, so don't,
 I don't want anyone to think that we're trying to broaden our wings to become more of a general
 dentistry company it's not what you know it's kind of in the cards you know I
 But I think what you, you know, when you, Steve, you look at the Google searches that
 have really rocketed for, you know, clearer liners over the last quarter or so, some heavy
 investing by SDC and also having investing by us, generating a lot of interest from the
 a consumer standpoint in the marketplace.
 More and more, we know we have a strong consumer brand
 we'll reach out to consumers to try to drive that.
 But again, I want to emphasize, we are a doctor-directed kind
 of a product line.
 We work through our docs to get these things done,
 and we do want to establish a strong brand identity
 with consumers as they turn into patients.
 But at the same time, we don't have a direct to consumer kind of model that we're pushing
 at the moment.
 You know, we need that to exercise through STC and our supply for those kinds of things.
 I hope, does that help Steve?
 Does that make sense to you?
 It's loud and clear.
 Thanks, Joe.
 Okay.
 Yeah, Rich, you know, I'd say, you know, we announced July last year the STC relationship
 that we have.
 There's a lot of turmoil in the industry in the sense of what we did and why we did it.
 We continue to explain to our customer base in the sense of the logic behind that, their
 business continues to expand and the market continues to expand so I think there I can't
 tell you that this will ever go away. Still, I would quantify it as a large amount of anxiety
 in the marketplace.
 I don't think that'll change.
 What I do find though, Rich, is that customers
 to do a significant anonymous visual line
 and have a good relationship with a line,
 tend to understand this more or accept it more.
 ones that haven't and ones that stay more in the metals and brackets that I think have
 been more voice for us, or more concerned, and some of our,
 Now that's empirical.
 I can't, you know, give you any statistics specifically on a customer based on that.
 But overall, I think as time goes on and the orthodontic market continues to expand as
 as well as the consumer market continues to expand, and I think it generates, as we said
 before, you know, a huge amount of business goes to the GPs
 and the orthos that use Invisalign,
 and we'll continue to recycle, you know,
 patients that don't fit the protocols that FDC has
 into the current customer base that we have.
 So I'd just say we have to keep working at rich
 If we're not out of the woods in the sense of the discomfort of our customers, but we
 We'll keep driving the same message, we'll keep bringing business into those accounts
 to help those accounts growing.
 Hopefully they'll reach a higher comfort level over time.
 Thanks, Rich.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, Steve, I think I mean I saw that too was pretty well presented by clear correct
 to think if you have the kind of product that they have,
 That's a pretty simple way to go to Marketplace.
 And so, you know, we don't see that changing our strategy
 because when you look at the sophistication
 of our product line and how it is directed
 towards certain malinclusions and the number of aligners associated with it are pricing
 you know, makes sense in that way, but if you're clear correct, you know, I'd say that
 It was a simple way to go about it,
 and I think it makes sense to add into the marketplace.
 That's a great question.
 They came back very strong in that sense.
 I would say that in this case, we continue to do incredibly well in Spain.
 You see us in the UK, both my GP standpoint, orthodontic standpoint, continues to grow
 And we're seeing great strength out of Germany also, France.
 So, you know, by country, when I look at that, and, you know,
 I spent a lot of years over in Europe too.
 All those countries are so different
 when you see that kind of, you know, acceleration
 growth across each one of those countries, you know the team is executing well on this
 strategy across all those different cultures.
 You know, I honestly would say it's hard to explain exactly what happened in the fourth
 I would tell you that internally we probably did not guess the vacation schedule as well
 is what happened in Europe, and we had some bleed over, obviously, from a case shipment
 standpoint. And I'd say in general, we as a company, we haven't anticipated well the
 that turned down in the holidays in Europe
 and how that can affect great case growth.
 So I think behind your question, John, we're executing well over there.
 We're excited about it.
 Obviously, this expansion that we've done in the Middle East
 Russia with its next distributor acquisition is something we know how to do.
 proven really can grow from that. You know, I'm confident we can continue to drive some
 pretty impressive number.
 of Europe as the team continues to execute there.
 You know, John, I think we think that this is helping to stimulate the whole clear-liner
 category, STCs, they spend a lot of money, they're very good in the sense of how they
 They advertise, you know, we see that as we go to Marketplace too, so I do think that's
 component in the growth of the marketplace right now.
 I'd also caution you though, John,
 as the other clear liner companies come in,
 I don't expect they'd consume or spend.
 These are companies that you normally just sell to orthodontists through their channels
 through distribution channels.
 They're not used to massive consumer advertising campaigns in the associated
 the expense associated with that.
 So I'm not so sure that the next, you know,
 of competitors and you can reel them off as much as I can are going to come into the
 marketplace with that kind of gunpowder to go directly to consumer I don't think the
 FTC of the U.S.
 For more information, go to www.gfctc.gov.
 model will be broadly duplicated with it.
 or APAC or...
 Thanks guys.
 All right, Jeff, the first quarter versus historical trend.
 Chris, your thoughts, sir?
 Hi, Brandon.
 Thank you very much, Joe.
 Let's say it's in line to trending up, maybe it's slightly stronger than what we thought.
 I'd say it's straight and probably came from, like we mentioned, DSOs more than anything
 when I worked with them.
 So we felt good about the quarter in that sense.
 I'm not dramatic, but I'd say trending up.
 That's always kind of the magic question around the table here is, we do know that we do see
 be an uptick in uses of Invisalign when we sell.
 and there's lines on the count.
 Usually that account has already been associated
 with Invisalign in some way, Brandon.
 So, but we haven't been able to quantify that.
 You know, sometimes it's a blip, sometimes it's bigger.
 It, you know, sometimes it tends to kind of fall back down to the initial line.
 and is an invisible line customer at some point,
 but we certainly know that once a customer does get
 and then there's a blank scanner.
 They tend to do more invisible line cases and frankly they can bring more power to that
 customer in the sense of a software and.
 and the ease of use of the product line
 that we really start to build in with the ITARO scanner.
 of course, how many we sell to non-invisalign accounts,
 I really don't have that data.
 I don't think we've, uh, kept track of it.
 Well, I mean, we're seeing an increase of orthodontic, you know, patients through the orthodontist that we track and we talk to.
 So we do have a healthy orthodontic market behind us, there's no doubt.
 I think our teen, you know, expansion shows us
 So we're taking significant share in that area too.
 So look, it's wonderful to have a stronger market behind you
 like that.
 This is a
 story of a strong market and a
 at the same time.
 Yeah, right on same start growth driver. Just curious what you're saying
 It's kind of, you know, John, you've had the question really well.
 I mean, it's kind of a story at a DSO level.
 As soon as they join the DSO, it's all about growth, right?
 and they're trying to transfer best practices on growth and efficiency across all the different
 units that they have and visualize a great story because you can, you know, you can attract
 more patients within this line, you have a different revenue source, and you tend those
 patient to the track with them.
 There's a way you tend to keep them over time, too.
 And so, you know, we incentivize these customers.
 We train them as much as we possibly can.
 We work to make it as easy to use in this line as possible.
 And it's worked out well.
 Obviously, Heartland's been a good partner for us
 and several other DSOs that we have out there.
 It's a good business partnership in that sense, but there's a lot of work we have to do to
 You'll work unit together to get the right advertising in place, demographics from the
 the patient identification standpoint,
 the training is necessary for each one of those,
 but DSOs can really help to facilitate that
 based on the kind of organization that they are.