 Good morning, everybody.
 Altria delivered outstanding financial performance in the third quarter contributing to a strong
 first nine months of 2017.
 We grew.
 diluted earnings per share, 9.8% in the third quarter and 5.5% for the first nine months.
 As we expected, our earnings growth is accelerating as we move through the second half of the
 year. We continued to return a significant amount of cash to shareholders through both
 with dividends and share repurchase, as Billy will describe in more detail, and in August
 Our board of directors voted to increase our quarterly dividend by 8.2 percent, and that's
 the 51st increase in the past 48 years.
 Our core tobacco business is with the primary drivers of our earnings growth.
 In the core...
 the Smokable product segment delivered 7.7% adjusted operating company's income growth
 growth at strong pricing and lower costs more than offset volume declines.
 For the first nine months, smokeable products segmented
 adjusted operating company's income grew 7.4%.
 Reported cigarette volumes were challenged in the quarter due to the industry's rate
 of decline, trade inventory movements, retail share
 declines in one fewer shipping day.
 We're very pleased with the financial performance in the smokable segment.
 Our strategy continues to be to maximize income.
 while maintaining momentum on marble and black and mild over the long term.
 As you know, we view momentum as continued strength across various brand metrics, including
 equity, demographics, profitability, and retail share.
 continues to have category-leading equity, strong demographics, and is, of course, highly
 profitable.
 As for retail share, Marlboro declined by half a share point to 43.2% in the quarter
 and three-tenths for the first nine months to 43.4%.
 So, let's look at what's happening here beginning with California.
 As we described in the second quarter call, we expected the dynamics related to the California
 $2 per PAC-SET increase to dampen Marlboro's share through the back half, and that's continuing
 to happen.
 You are familiar with Marlboro's over-indexed share in California at over 50% and Marlboro
 bus continues to experience disproportionate share impact during this period due to the
 SEC increase, SEC increase.
 Second, there was elevated competitive activity in the quarter, including high levels of promotional
 spending and a competitive brand launch.
 In fact, there have been five such launches
 by major competitors this year.
 many with multiple packings behind them.
 those launches and the promotional resources
 accompanying them have increased the short-term share pressure on Marlboro, the share leader.
 Their performance is best measured over years, not quarters of course, but it's important
 to understand that PMUSA is addressing Marlboro's recent shared declines.
 First, it is reallocating certain marketing resources, including in California.
 have included changes to promotional resources and product expansions.
 For example, PMUSA has revised its retail trade programs to focus retailers on the
 profitability Marlboro brings to their stores.
 In this process, PMUSA has reallocated resources from underperforming retail program options
 to promotions that support.
 maintaining Marlboro's leadership position.
 The second PNUSA recently announced the expansion
 of Marlboro Black Label in California and Washington State.
 Marlboro Black Label,
 features the latest in Marlboro's packaging innovation.
 It's exclusive soft touch technology.
 We expect these actions to help stabilize Marlboro Shere while staying on strategy to
 to maximize income.
 Look for more product news from PMUSA at our investor day next week.
 Moving to the smokeless product segment,
 USSTC delivered an outstanding adjusted operating company's income growth of 15.7% in the third
 quarter as higher net pricing and lower costs, more than offset lower shipment volume.
 The Smokless product segment delivered 6.3% adjusted operating
 company's income growth for the first nine months of 2017.
 Copenhagen's retail share grew two-tenths to 33.9% in the third quarter and by six-tenths
 for the first nine months to 33.6 percent.
 On a combined basis, Copenhagen and Scholl retail share declined 1.2 share points in
 in the third quarter and nine-tenths for the first nine months
 driven by Skull Deplines.
 These results reflect U.S. STC's continued focus on growing Copenhagen while refining
 its goal investments to enhance its profitability.
 In eVapor, Newmark grew Mark 10's third quarter volume by more than 50 percent, driven by
 by expanded distribution and category growth.
 Mark 10 had a third quarter national retail share of approximately 13.5% in mainstream
 channels.
 And Numark recently announced plans to expand the distribution of Mark 10 bold to approximately
 15,000 additional stores in the fourth quarter.
 When heated tobacco, the team at PMUSA has made significant progress on its commercialization
 plans for ICOS, which we're excited to share with you next week at our investor day.
 Your focus of our investor day will be the regulatory environment, as everyone knows
 In July, FDA announced its comprehensive plan for U.S. tobacco and nicotine regulation.
 FDA states that the federal government will not allow the federal government to do so.
 The FDA stated its belief that this approach will strike an appropriate balance between
 regulation, and encouraging development of innovative tobacco products that may be less
 riskier than cigarettes.
 We're encouraged by this important evolution in the agency's stance on innovation, having
 long advocated for a comprehensive regulatory policy that acknowledges the continuum of
 risk.
 We also support FDA's stated intention to issue regulations outlining what information
 It expects to be included in product applications and in reports to demonstrate substantial
 equivalents.
 Obviously, establishing the rules before any decisions are taken is simple regulatory
 fairness. And we further support Commissioner Gottlieb's direction to the Center for Tobacco
 products to reconsider its approach to substantial
 equivalence for provisional products, a process we previously have described as increasingly
 owner is inexpensive.
 Finally, FDA also stated its intention to explore a product standard relating to nicotine,
 a possibility since the Act became law in 2009 and for which PMUSA has been preparing.
 as the FDA itself acknowledged.
 Developing such a standard will be a long and complex process requiring significant
 stakeholder comment and engagement.
 And again, we'll say more about all this next week.
 In summary, we're very pleased with our performance
 through what's been a challenging nine months.
 Thus, we reaffirm our 2017 full-year guidance of 7.5% to 9.5% adjusted diluted EPS growth.
 And here's Billy for more detail on our performance.
 Questions from the investment community?
 questions both.
 So, you know, we've discussed previously, Chris, the elasticities with respect to cigarettes,
 We've had big jokes before like the one that we've experienced in California and what
 happens is as you know there's an immediate disruption and you get a deep decline and
 And then it comes back to the curve that we've observed over the years, which is about negative
 .3.
 You know, a lot of it depends on how big the shock is.
 California $2 a pack after not having had an increase for decades really.
 So it's coming back.
 We expect it to come back to where it is on the curve, and we see some improvement there,
 We're just going to take some time.
 It was a big shock to the system.
 And you see that in the numbers, I think.
 So on Marlboro, we're very pleased, actually, with Marlboro's product pipeline.
 And you see that what we try to do is we try to bring out SKUs to the market where we think
 that there's a niche where Marlboro can gain some business from competitive smokers.
 We're also, frankly, trying to create news in the marketplace about Marlboro to keep
 if it's momentum moving forward.
 And so we're going to talk about this next week, and I mentioned, I think, black labeling
 already in the remarks.
 Yeah, I won't comment too specifically, Chris, but I think, you know, we've called out several
 areas before. We are building a very, very strong competitive advantage in digital marketing
 and we continue to invest there.
 We continue to invest in the equity behind our brands.
 And obviously, as the FDA has now set the new direction with respect to reduced risk
 products.
 You have to make investments here in order to compete effectively.
 Those are some areas that we obviously have been
 investing in and expect to invest further.
 Thanks for calling.
 So, I was hoping you could-
 I guess the only thing I'd add to that video has been that the wholesalers have strategies
 around when they build their inventory and when they decide to take their inventory down,
 which they're free, of course, to do.
 Okay, that's fair.
 So, glad we're going to see you next week and we are going to talk about Marlboro in
 in some detail there.
 I think what we would say is you have to assess it
 in the context of the strategy, which is to maximize income.
 And so when we look back at Marlboro, sure, as you know,
 We don't decompose it down to the SKU level.
 despite I know there's quite a lot of interest in that.
 We don't do it for competitive reasons.
 But if we go back to Marlboro, share gains, for example,
 during the period 2011 through 2016.
 we actually gained a head of what the historical rate had been.
 It was about 1.7% points of share gain.
 and you can see in the first nine months
 we've given back about 310.
 So I think the reasons are pretty straightforward.
 it is California, for the reasons we just finished discussing.
 where all these competitive launches.
 And then I think there is a market dynamic change which is because of industry consolidation
 And there are very few brands left, frankly, that don't have marketing support on them.
 So Marlboro used to gain shear by picking up some of the shear from those unprotected
 brands has to other competitive brands. That's a market dynamic change. But overall, I think
 we're on strategy, particularly when you see the income
 performance.
 So we'll talk more about the Marlboro Grant family next week.
 we just don't break it down sort of at the level
 that you're asking, I hope you can appreciate that.
 Certainly I can.
 Thank you so much.
 City.
 Three-tenths.
 Thank you very much.
 So I think one of the principal contributors to the at the cost line was remember in the
 In the year ago, COMP, we had California ballot spending out.
 That came out, obviously, in the comp, and that was a significant delta in the year over
 year comp. I would say that the competition in the smokeless side of the business is competitive.
 We obviously are doing great with Copenhagen.
 We know our strategy on Copenhagen and Skoll, but we have a competitor that's got a brand
 there, and there were significant promotions in the quarter.
 I think that accounts for it as well.
 Thanks for your call.
 So I had a question on the competitive activity
 that you're seeing combustibles.
 I greatly appreciate the color on the call thus far,
 but digging a little bit deeper in terms of the increased
 competitor spending, has it primarily been related to these new launches or is it behind
 the core flagship brands and how do you expect some of those competitive dynamics to persist
 over the next few quarters.
 Sure, let me see if I can help you.
 I think the answer is there was quite a lot of activity
 around new product launches.
 So we mentioned in our remarks, we've got, I think, five of them over the course of the
 year, which is higher than we typically see. It's also worth mentioning that it's just
 It's not five.
 SKUs with the 5, so you actually have a lot of SKUs coming into the marketplace.
 And, as you know, in our category, because of the way we have marketing restrictions,
 is the battle is at retail.
 People put promotional resources on them,
 including us, when we do this, to try to promote trial.
 And when you have smokers who are trying,
 a new product. It puts pressure on the share leader on Marlboro, so that's our diagnosis
 of what's been happening, that and California, obviously.
 And then a follow-up on Mark 10, so the results were pretty positive this quarter with volume
 and growing more than 50%.
 So what are your expectations this year for e-vapor category growths?
 Clearly, it's accelerated a little bit this year versus what we've seen over the past
 couple of years and what are the plans behind further investment behind the
 Mark 10 franchise.
 Yeah, so on your last question, I'd invite you,
 either Judy will let you to come to the investor day
 If you can certainly dial in, we're going to have a lot to say about our paper business
 It's an investment day and we've got exciting plans there.
 Look, the category has picked back up, as you say.
 The last number I saw, I think it looks like it's picked up maybe about 8% on a volume
 basis, higher on a dollar basis, because you've got devices, obviously, which contribute to
 the dollar sales there. So as the technology gets better in vapor and those products become
 more acceptable to the consumer, we continue to see high trial and there is some sticking
 this as the products get better.
 So I think that's one of our key platforms
 for our innovative products, and we're excited about the chance
 to Canadian.
 Great. Thanks so much.
 Good morning.
 Sure, first of all, I think you're the timelines that you call out are correct and those haven't
 changed since our last discussion on that. And as you point out, they are nominal to
 to use that word, I guess, at the FDA.
 but I think that they're working hard on it.
 Those are PMI applications of course assisted by us, so you may want to speak to them as
 as well about it. But we've been encouraged by the degree of interchange on those applications.
 And I think maybe another milestone to be watching for is if there would be a TIPSAC
 hearing on the applications, Michael, which, as you know, is part of the process.
 And so...
 ...
 DMI with our assistance is getting ready for all those things, and we were working really
 hard to be ready so that when that authorization comes, as we hope it does, that we can get
 to market quickly, but I think your understanding
 the process is correct and I don't really have anything new to add except perhaps the
 the possibility of a TIPSEC hearing should they announce one.
 I mess.
 No, we haven't.
 although we're following it closely because obviously we've been following other people's reporting on that and we've been following
 you know, the sea store dynamics. It just hasn't shown up in our
 in our category, Matt.
 Thanks for calling.
 Bye, Bonnie.
 Kai.
 So, this is another topic that we're going to cover in some detail next week.
 So I don't want to put you off on your question,
 but I'll give you a high level sort of a lead-in if you will.
 There's quite a lot to do, obviously, as you know,
 any nicotine standard or any other standard for that matter, wherever to be implemented,
 It has to be science and evidence-based.
 And in the nicotine area, there's a lot of science that would have to be answered.
 So let me just call out a few for an instance.
 So I think folks are going to have to understand
 how consumers might react to a nicotine standard,
 including the question of whether compensation would occur because, obviously, from the public
 health point of view wouldn't want people smoking more cigarettes to get their
 nicotine. There is no standard that is currently developed with respect to what the level should
 be or where it should be measured? Is it in the aerosol or is it in the filler? How would
 would it be implemented, would it be faced in overtime,
 would it be done on a more immediate basis?
 Those are questions which have to be answered
 that are not answered yet and the government has research going on that regard.
 As you might expect, our scientists are fully engaged in all the scientific questions, both
 tracking government research as well as doing our own research so that we're fully informed
 Thank you very much.
 There are big questions around technical achievability, which is an area that you're asking about.
 now
 The possibility of a standard on nicotine has been in the statute since 2009, so it won't
 surprise anyone to know that we have been looking at ways that we might need any potential
 standard. You can look at product design, you can look at tobacco leaf treatments, you
 You can look at tobacco seed technologies,
 Most of which are proprietary, so I won't comment beyond them.
 but I think people should be assured
 that we have been looking at this.
 And then finally, I think another area
 it's going to have to be wrestled with is what about unintended consequences of a
 standard comes in, we're going to have to make sure that the market still works.
 So as you can tell just from that high level description, there's quite a lot that has
 to be wrestled ground and again we'll talk more about that next week.
 We're looking forward to seeing you.
 Now we try to share that with you on a yearly basis.
 I think you'll remember, typically, at Cagney,
 we put up the equity scores.
 We do an equity study every year.
 I believe the last chart we put up,
 we called out that Marlboro's equity is at least 14 points higher than the next closest
 competitor off of an already high base and that Marlboro's equity has been improving
 over time, so that work is underway again, and as soon as we have an update to the equity
 study, I assume, that we'll be updating you in due course.
 but it's equity remains strong.
 There's no question about it.
 and you see it in the premium price it's able to command.
 Yeah, we're going to talk about that, Sherman, next week.
 Just for precision, we acquired it in January of this year, so it hasn't been quite a year.
 I think we've just talked about before.
 What we've been doing is getting the product ready,
 getting the package ready.
 It's a huge white space opportunity for us, as you know, Nick, and we've got plans to
 get that in distribution, I think it's gonna, I think you'll be interested to see what we
 have on that Sherman.
 for EICOS, well for sure when we launch EICOS, it's going to have a lower margin because
 we're going to be investing in it, but the idea over time is, is that when you get the
 scale, obviously, that you can have a nice margin business
 So we're working through all that.
 All that, we're going to talk about ICOs and some significant...
 out of the portfolio.
 The answer is yes, Nick.
 I think it's a very insightful question
 And, in fact, our sales team has been working on that project and others, I think, as personal
 become more important to the consumer, particularly with the analytical tools and the data sets
 that we now have that a lot.
 take revenue growth management tools, for example,
 which we've deployed already in the smokeless business
 and are rolling it out across the rest of the businesses,
 it allows you the precision to do just that.
 It's an excellent question and we're working on it.
 Okay, look forward to it.