 Thanks, Ed.
 Revenue for the third quarter increased 1% to $1.9 billion.
 soft against our mid-single-digit expectations, primarily due to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma
 negatively impacting the gross yields of cart services,
 which knocked off about three points of growth.
 Core EPS increased 13% to $5.35 for the third quarter of 2017.
 better than our expectations, primarily driven by lower loss rates of card services and the
 lower tax rate as a result of initiatives implemented during 2017.
 Excluding the improvement in the effective tax rate,
 Core ETS increased approximately 9% for the third quarter.
 Adjusted EBITDA net increased 7%, benefiting from the better
 than expected loss-rated card services.
 During the quarter, we reduced our corporate debt
 by approximately 180 million to 6.2 billion.
 That brings our Corporal Leverage Ratio down to about 2.8x as of September 30, 2017, versus
 our Covenant of 3.5x, leaving us with over $2 billion in available liquidity.
 split to the next slide and talk about low T1. As expected the third quarter
 was tough for low T1 with the revenue decreasing 20% to 305 million and adjusted EBITDA decreasing
 26% to 61 million.
 Fortunately, the future looks brighter for this segment.
 Breaking it down by major business.
 Air miles revenue decreased 28% to 185 million
 for the third quarter of 2017.
 driven by a 43% decline in air miles, reward miles redeemed.
 is drop in revenue is consistent with our expectations
 as we pulled in the burn rate, which
 miles redeemed divided by miles issued from 129% last year to 80% this year.
 80% is our target, really moving forward.
 Importantly, the negative drover from the elevated dimsion rate is gone, entering the
 fourth quarter of 2017.
 miles issued was down 7% year over year. Normal spend is on track, but we have seen less promotion
 activity in the grocery vertical.
 We expect issuance growth to improve in the fourth quarter and in 2018.
 Importantly, we recently resigned to BMO, our largest air mouth sponsor to a multi-year
 contract.
 And all these revenue decreased 5% to 121 million for the third quarter of 2017, consistent
 with our expectations.
 in low of these fourth quarters looking good with the revenue and adjusted the
 expected to increase double digits year over year.
 Let's go to slide 5 and talk about Epsilon.
 on Keeman's short of expectations for the third quarter with revenue increasing three
 percent to $559 million and adjusted to EBITDA decreasing 7 percent to $125 million.
 today.
 increased to 5%, slightly better than the annual guidance
 adjusted EBITDA is essentially flat soft compared with our annual guidance of
 a 4% growth.
 Revenue came in short of expectations as the growth rate in our digital offering slowed
 during the quarter.
 We believe the onboarding of new clients
 will fill this hole quickly.
 the pullback in digital growth also negatively impacted
 of the Marches for the third quarter.
 Importantly, Epsilon's technology platform offering continued to show progress toward
 a promising turnaround with revenue increasing 1% for the third quarter.
 This is a significant improvement compared to the double-digit decline in the fourth quarter of 2016.
 scene.
 The climb base is showing stability, and we've seen an increased win rate on the basis of
 the introduction of cloud-based, more packaged products
 into the market.
 And now, move on to card services.
 Our services produced another solid quarter of growth with a revenue of 9% to $1.1 billion.
 Now, just to dip it on net, up an even better, 20%.
 Average card receivables increased 14%, just under $16 billion, consistent with their expectation
 in the mid-teens growth.
 While credit sales increased 5% to $7.4 billion.
 Offering expenses increased 16% to $382 million, or 9.2% expressed as a percentage of average
 receivables, the percentage essentially being flat with last year.
 The net loss rate was 5.5% for the third quarter of 2017.
 as substantial improvement compared to the 6.2% loss rate
 in the second quarter of 2017 and better than our expectations.
 Importantly, gross loss rates were flat
 with the third quarter of 2016.
 even excluding the slight benefit from the hurricanes,
 which I'll talk about later.
 Recovery rates are still down.
 year over year.
 Pressuring the next
 loss rate.
 But we consider the
 this pressure to be transitory as we shift
 collections back to internal.
 Our delinquency forecast continues to suggest flat
 to lower loss rates in 2018.
 This trend allowed us to slightly drop a reserve rate
 during the quarter.
 maintaining 12 months of forward coverage.
 Now the question everyone has been asking, what was the impact of the hurricanes?
 We estimate the hurricanes reduced, our credit sales by approximately two points, reduced
 which are revenue by about 40 million to the quarter,
 or about 100 basis point negative impact to gross shield.
 and benefited our loss rates by about 15 basis points.
 So what that means is our gross loss rates
 We're down 18 fifths year over here.
 take away the 15 basis points for the improved from the hurricanes.
 and that's roughly the flat year over year change
 in our gross loss rate.
 It is important to remember that this is a temporary impact.
 under FEMA-designated individual assistant disaster areas.
 The affected card holders are not required to make payments, nor will any interest or
 late BSB assess for two month period.
 Hurricane Irma will impact us early in the fourth quarter,
 and then operations will return to normal.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Ed.
 Great. Thanks, Charles.
 Slide nine for year 2017 outlook on a consolidated basis.
 We're going to reiterate guidance of $7.8 billion in REVs and $18.10 in core EVS, obviously
 On the red side, the Hurricanes hit us, as Charles said, for about $40 million.
 In Q3, we expect another 40 million in Q3.
 Yeah, so there's two things I'd point to, Dan.
 First is the gross yield to decline year over year makes the percent growth look a little bit higher
 the 16% you referred to, if you had basically the same gross
 you're over here, you'd see it flat, flat.
 As a percentage of AR, it moved a nominal amount.
 We said going back to the last quarter,
 we expected our operating expenses to be better.
 this year, 40 to 50 basis points.
 I think that's still on track.
 And we would tell you we're still in the process of adding collectors and we'll staff them
 up over the remaining of Q4. I would still expect the OPEX leveraging in Q4 to be better
 You're over a year.
 I'd say we're still very much on trend
 to that guidance we gave last quarter
 about 40 to 50 basis points improvement on an annual basis.
 that'd be correct as well but let's say we hadn't had the influence of the
 hurricanes affecting our growth yields, the revenue growth would have been up 15% to 16%.
 So you have to basically influence the fact that you take a whack and your gross shield
 but it's not influencing your op-ex.
 It just means for an effective person within that FEMA-designated zone, that account is
 it's frozen from migration to the delinquency trends to loss if they're in that affected
 area.
 So if they were in 250 days past due, and they were affected, it would just mean that
 it's going to...
 of freeze and it would not have rolled into the charge off after 180 days.
 I tell you, Dan, we think the core is still very strong.
 Occasionally you get some timing differentials when new programs are coming on board.
 I think that's the biggest thing we're looking at.
 We didn't expect it to bounce back in Q4.
 We just had a little bit of a time
 were fewer new programs launched in Q3 than what we've been doing before, but like I said,
 But I think that will bounce back in Q4.
 we would tell you the backlog is still strong,
 occasionally it just shifts as to which quarters to when the program is going to onboard.
 I'd say we said a little bit of law, link Q3.
 Thanks.
 That is the consolidated number, and again, it's around it to three.
 It was about a $40 million impact, a card, and a $40 million total.
 It's about 2.6% around slavery.
 What we said on the last call there, and is that the credit sales that are online are
 our basic outside of bricks and mortar
 over a third of our credit sales.
 That number can jump up to north of 40%.
 the fourth quarter to get the holiday spend.
 That's really the metric we've been focusing on.
 It's the traditional bricks and mortar,
 We're about 85% in store, 15% online,
 and we have over a third of our credit sales online.
 So that's our ability first to capture the data,
 identify you, track you online,
 and give you a relevant target to offer.
 and gives us the ability to do that.
 We'd put it this way there, and if the improvement is not
 definitive on this onboarding signet.
 I mean, we're looking basically forward.
 Yeah, we're looking to Q4.
 we would tell you putting a signal on the sideline,
 We feel good gross losses will be down here
 over year in Q4, and that's going to be driven
 about the natural improvement you're seeing on delinquencies.
 We estimate that it's up to 15% of our accounts
 within the Florida affected area and the Houston and Texas affected area.
 That doesn't mean that all of them would have gone into this program, but it's up to
 15% of our accounts that were affected.
 Yeah, I'd hate to say anything is permanent, but I'd tell you what we would target is about 20 basis points improvement per year
 and that's expressed as a percentage of average AR.
 obviously growth and balance is influenced,
 is that certain programs influence,
 but I think that's a very reasonable target.
 about 20 basis points per year.
 Tim, we tell you not really anything that we've seen different between the interactions
 online versus bricks and mortar. We know with online we need to drive different
 service products.
 This is the ability to minimize shopping cart abandonment,
 ability to capture. You make it very simple. You make a transaction. But in
 terms of loss, performance, delinquency, performance, so forth.
 there's really no differences.
 at this point.
 So think about it this way.
 It didn't influence our loss rates at all for the quarter.
 the shit you saw us put into Hilfer-Sell
 as a vertical, this really just not a core vertical force,
 It's pretty small.
 We're going to look to divest it.
 It is at the curing value, which would be parmised
 any anticipated losses so there is no assumed gain
 or anything associated with it.
 something we'd probably look to try to get off our books toward the end of this year early
 next year, but really it goes back to something that Ed said before, it's with the growth
 for generating, and now it's significant coming on board, we can look at different
 verticals, and this is one we tested for several years.
 Really not a great vertical for us.
 It's really time for us to basically do a little bit
 of a cathartic process to the file
 and get rid of the things that we don't want to focus on.
 And so that shift to help her sell us
 exactly that small vertical that we're deciding not to pursue.
 performance of the overall portfolio plus we did have some sales in the market we
 we already had contracts in place,
 So just like we saw in June,
 We saw a little bit of a proven recovery rate.
 We saw the same thing in September.
 So it's a combination of natural trends,
 a little bit of cell of a previously charged soft paper
 that really drove the improvement.