 Good morning.
 This is Craig Moore with Autonomous.
 thanks for joining us this morning
 for our fifth annual future of commerce symposium.
 Sorry for the brief delay in getting started.
 I just wanted to mention a few housekeeping items
 before we get started.
 you can use the same dial-in or web link for the entire day.
 There'll be a few breaks, but for many of the sessions,
 we will just move right into the next discussion.
 You can submit questions to us via email to myself or Ken Zahosky.
 You can also use Bloomberg IB to find us with questions
 or you can use the Q&A box within your Zoom window.
 So with no further ado, let's get started.
 Um, we're lucky to have with us this morning, American Express, Doug Buckminster, Group
 global consumer services. It's great to see you again, Doug. I wish it was in
 person. I wish it was in Carnegie Hall, but maybe next year. How are you?
 Exactly. It's great to see you too, Craig. Thanks for having me.
 Yeah, you bet.
 So, love the background, love the image.
 But let me,
 why we get started with just, you know, a broad question which is, you know, can you
 update us on the state of consumer and overall spending at this point in the recovery?
 Yeah, you know, I think as we've talked about before we saw the troft in April and we've seen a rebound since then
 You know, I would characterize the trend since mid-July as relatively stable on the non-T&E
 side, so outside of teeny, relatively stable, little bouncing around due to day's mix, timing
 of holidays, like Labor Day in particular, and slow, very steady growth, but slow growth
 on the TNE side, right? So I would say stable would be the adjective that captures it best.
 Okay, at this point, I assume, could we perhaps characterize this a little, go a little deeper
 on this.
 XT and E. If you were to characterize the overall volumes, you're seeing XT and E, X corporate
 card, you know, really our consumers getting back toward positive territory within credit
 card portfolios at this point.
 Yeah, I mean, I think you know consumers consume right they're going to figure out a way to live their life and
 and enrich their lives.
 and I would say, well, there's a lot of substitution
 the non-T&E space, especially physical for online and e-com, I would say we feel good
 about healthy levels of consumer volumes there.
 I think what's going to define the trajectory of volume
 rebound from here on out is the direction of T&E, which you know is a category we overindexed
 So maybe some thoughts there. You know, Amex has a deeper understanding of T&E than I think any other
 other card issuer, especially considering the network and the insights you get off of
 with that on a global basis.
 So maybe your thoughts on how we recover from this,
 Are there any green shoots you're seeing in T&E at all,
 at this point?
 I mean, I think, you know, my position is consumer travel will come back.
 I think that's our enterprise position, is that we expect consumer travel to come back.
 it's an essential part of the consumer experience, especially in our demographic.
 I think, you know, what we've seen to date in terms of the rebound is an effect of substitution,
 So people substituting driving vacations, homestay rentals for, you know, for air-based
 travel. And in some categories, we've seen innovation as well, right? We've seen the
 dining space in particular, expansion of outdoor dining, pick-up, take-away, delivery, at-home
 meal prep. That level of innovation has
 bounced the restaurant category more than you would expect just from dine-in volumes alone, right?
 So, I think, you know, when we get back to historic levels, I think is largely a question
 of confidence and medical solutions, right?
 I think the establishment of a vaccine,
 the approval of the vaccine.
 I expect will unleash a lot of anticipatory and pent-up demand on consumers.
 they will start travel planning again.
 the interest in travel-based payment products
 and travel-based loyalty currencies.
 I think will spike is all that pent up demand for travel.
 People start to see the end in sight, though.
 They start to build confidence
 than in a six, 12-month time period,
 they'll be able to travel again.
 But I think getting back to historic volumes
 This is going to require that.
 And in terms of how that affects the discount rate at American Express, especially without
 the long haul, the long haul travel, maybe a discussion there just briefly remind investors
 is how that dynamic is playing out.
 Yeah, well, there's no, there's no question that, that T and E volumes taking a disproportionate
 it like this does have a mix related impact on our discount rate, right? So I think, you know,
 the discount rate. We've been on record for a few years now saying we grind down less on absolute
 discount rate and are focused on driving discount revenue and utility through
 programs like off-blue, certain B2B categories, but there's no question, you
 you know, that historic discount rate has taken a mix
 related impact as a result of really a disproportionate fall in T&E, T&E spend.
 Okay, well, we'll move off of that topic that isn't helpful right now in terms of the dynamic,
 But maybe on to something that is, which is, can you discuss how spending habits have changed?
 to what degree you're seeing these habits, you know, coalesce into long term, uh, repeatable
 behavior, you know, especially around e-com, contactless, and if it's different between
 consumer segments.
 Yeah, you know, I think
 So, my take on the effects of this crisis are that it didn't create any new trends, but
 But it changed sort of the slope of pre-existing trends, right?
 commerce was taking share from offline.
 digital payments were taking share from cash at POS, right?
 And we have seen an inflection or a kink in those curves
 as most issuers have over the last six months,
 whether we've seen those trends accelerated by a year,
 two years, it's anybody's guess,
 but I don't think we're going backwards from those trends
 as the crisis relaxes, you know, I think on the contactless side, you know, there's
 a lot of noise around that. There are markets outside the U.S. As you know, Southeast Asia
 Australia, the UK, where there's very deep contactless penetration, and that has continued
 to gain share during this crisis.
 In the U.S., the contactless volumes are much more modest.
 they're increasing at a rapid rate,
 But I do expect that the move away from cash
 and the comfort with using credit products,
 even for micro level transactions at POS,
 will be an enduring outcome of this.
 And I think while I don't think it does a lot per se to drive dollar volumes of billings,
 I think it does a lot to build habit and wallet position of credit products.
 In some markets outside the U.S., where ECON is less established, it's had a more profound
 In fact, like Italy is a face-to-face retail market.
 We've seen phenomenal growth in e-commerce.
 What's interesting is well over 50% of the participants in e-commerce in any month during
 the first few months of the crisis had never had any commerce transaction on AmEx before.
 So there we've seen some real, again, I think it's a trend that would have played out, but
 it was a very large acceleration out of that trend.
 And correct me if I'm wrong, but Mx has a,
 a better acceptance footprint outside the U.S. in Ecom than it does in Brick and Mortar?
 Yeah, I would say that's probably true by and large due to partnerships with various
 PSPs and aggregators and such. We have a really strong footprint in in Econ.
 Okay
 So, in terms of the health of the US consumer, the health of the consumer in general, you
 You know, especially considering higher unemployment furloughs, unemployment claims, you know, as
 we saw this morning. It's been remarkable how well the industry is
 fairing right now.
 You know, I noticed that AmEx's credit quality is at its best point over the last 12 months
 on consumer and shockingly its best point over the last three years in small business.
 And so maybe some context there, you know, discovers CEO did cause some concern the other
 day by saying they expect a material uplift in credit quality metrics later this year,
 So just your perspective.
 Yeah, I mean, look, I think most issuers have seen a more modest impact than would have
 have been implied by the end of Q1 qualitative reserves
 that they took, right?
 I think.
 looking at macro indicators around unemployment clients,
 changes in sequential GDP, you know, if you were sitting back being an armchair credit
 manager, you would have expected much larger and negative impacts on
 delinquency and write-offs. And the fact of the matter is, as you say, we have not seen
 the mess most issuers haven't play out by and large.
 Now, there are a number of contributors to that, right?
 I would say the jobless claims, the geography of those,
 the demographics of those jobless claims,
 you know, weren't as concentrated in our customer base,
 member base, as the macro numbers would suggest.
 I would also say, as everyone knows,
 there's just a ton of liquidity in the system right now,
 whether it's through government programs,
 private sector for Barron's programs.
 And so you're right. We have we have credit-balancing and delinquency and write-off sides that are
 better year-on-year than
 Then then they were you know, I think we have to while
 While we're pleased with that, we also have a healthy level of, you know, paranoia about
 what the next 12 months will bring, right?
 to macroeconomy, some of these forbearance programs
 with 10% of residential mortgages being in forbearance,
 that kind of going away, government support, moderating, perhaps private sector follow-through
 in terms of white collar job losses so you know we feel great about the early
 the innings of this crisis, but you know, we're mindful that it's not over.
 you know just
 Are there any signs in the portfolio at all that would be concerning?
 You know, look, I think in the commercial or small business portfolio, clearly there
 or industries that are more affected by this,
 Fortunately, they tend to be industries where our concentration is lower.
 There are some, some things about this crisis have actually improved visibility in a way.
 I mean, we have really good visibility into our customers
 that have entered into forbearance programs
 with competitors, right?
 which allows us to kind of target
 and think about the precision of our underwriting
 and existing customer management.
 little bit more crisply, but I would say there are no real hot spots within the portfolio
 right now.
 I would say.
 you know, back in April, May, all of us had these sort of short-term crisis relief programs,
 right where payment holiday, no interest charged and, you know, the type of thing you do after
 a natural disaster like a hurricane, and we made a judgment that we weren't going to
 kick the can down the road by continuing to extend those programs.
 We were going to move customers if they needed to move on to longer term solutions for repayment
 confidence, right? So, our 12 month financial relief program, which, you know, allows customers
 to reduce their minimum payment, maintain their membership.
 if they don't get their membership canceled
 and retain some level of spend utility as well, right?
 And we think that that has allowed us to transition the portfolio in a very customer-friendly
 way in a way that has stabilized the receivables metrics as well.
 Okay.
 I want to keep this, try to keep this conversation with investors, so investors are funneling
 questions to us and we just got one that um I'll just read it for you basically you've
 made it clear that T&E spend recovery is very linked to COVID resolution, you know, as customers
 currently divert that spending toward non-T&E purchases, how is AmEx able to increase their
 share of customer spending in non-T&E and how meaningfully can that move the needle
 on Billings growth.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I think it's a great question.
 I mean, one of the things, you know, we did early in this crisis is decide that we were
 We're going to focus on existing customers.
 the visibility around large scale prospect acquisition
 challenged. Our value propositions tend to index on TNA as we've noted and so we
 We said Job 1 was taking care of existing customers, which caused us to make a long
 term balance of year, large dollar value commitment to our customers in terms of injecting more
 relevant, right for the times type of value, and that could be accelerators, and
 grocery and in dining food delivery
 our wireless streaming credits on our
 our Platinum product promotions with Amazon and other merchant partners, and we're measuring
 success right now in terms of how effectively we retain our customers and especially the
 customers that drive 50 to 60 percent of our margin on an annual basis and how well we
 we compete within their wallets per share of wallet.
 And on both of those metrics, which we track very closely
 at a very granular level.
 we feel really good about how well we're competing
 for our customer's business.
 And, you know, I think we've built some confidence here that,
 you know as
 Certain natural hedges in our business take effect,
 So people aren't visiting lounges as much.
 It frees up resources for us
 to create new, more relevant value for our customers.
 That's what we did this year.
 It has worked for us so far.
 in the early innings, and we're confident that we can and we'll do that going forward as well.
 You know we also just need to I think think about we
 We think about our co-brand products as like travel products, actually like 90% of the
 spend on a number of our large co-brands is in non-T&E categories, right?
 And what they're doing is spending in everyday categories to save up and create the opportunity
 for aspirational travel in the future.
 And so that billing base isn't as affected as long as consumers believe in the long-term
 value of those loyalty currencies and the travel that they can they can gain
 access to. So it sounds like you're implying that the co-brand portfolios are performing
 the travel-related co-brand portfolios are performing no different from other portfolios?
 Yeah, there are
 They're performing no worse than other portfolios look there are portfolios that we have that
 that are doing extraordinarily well, right?
 certain retail co-brands, whether it's the small business
 co-brand with Amazon, whether it's other departments
 or co-brands we have outside the U.S., but if you were to look at our U.S., certainly
 our cashback products as all cashback products in the industry, that rational sure value
 is performing very well, but I think we've been on record saying, you know, say, our
 Our Delta portfolio has experienced a more modest compression of billings than our U.S.
 portfolios at large.
 Interesting.
 will count me one of those cobra and
 uh... holders with delta
 uh... hopefully i get to use some of those miles at some point soon
 I think my family would appreciate that.
 That's the pent-up demand I'm talking about, right?
 We all feel that way.
 I haven't seen my father in six months.
 it's there
 It's definitely there.
 So okay, let me ask you about the competitive response that you've seen, because clearly
 I'm
 Amex isn't the only one thinking about these problems.
 Amix has historically kept their spending levels
 and supportive consumers at a higher level through crises, and I think that's because
 as the returns MxS via the network.
 So have you been able to take a lead if you have been
 and what's been the response?
 Yeah.
 You know, they always say crises build character.
 like reveal character to both of the individuals and institutions, and I've been around Amex
 So long, Khan.
 I'm very proud of the way we've kind of rallied around
 our customers in this time of crisis.
 I mean, in the times of greatest uncertainty,
 We signed up for an extraordinary level of value injection,
 both the product level value I described as well as
 what we've done with our three month shop small program.
 When we had our least visibility, we doubled down on our customers.
 And as I said earlier, I think it's paid real dividend as far as we track spend share within
 our members' wallets and there's no question that back in like April we took a hit and
 we have
 find that as a result of that value injection and some really
 dialed up customer marketing, and as I think Steve and Jeff
 both said we see retention rates that are superior to 2019 right now within our base.
 And, you know, I think we've talked about it before.
 or they're better than they were in 2019
 and our retention rates in general
 are just extraordinarily high.
 I mean, we retain more than 98% of our billing space
 year-to-year.
 I don't think I've heard that stat before, so that's definitely a good one to write down.
 So, I wanted to ask about lending.
 Amex is getting more creative in its lending products.
 There was recently a launch of a different lending product associated with Platinum.
 So maybe you can discuss how AmEx is expanding its lending if you've been successful in getting
 a greater share of the LEND wallet, which I believe historically was about half that
 of the spend share.
 Yes.
 So if you can dig into that a little bit, that'd be great.
 Yeah. So your memory is really good. You know, typically we have mid forties,
 spend share and we have low 20s lending share within our customers you know I
 I think there's this kind of legacy point of view
 that our customers don't borrow on credit cards,
 But our customers tend to account for about a third of industry billings on credit and
 about a third of industry outstanding on credit.
 And we believe that our customers expect lending or financing capabilities on their payment
 products and you know we have been growing if you look back 2019 and the
 three years previous, we probably grow at 2x the industry rate, at least some years
 There's 3x the industry rate in terms of lending volumes.
 There was a lot of investor concern, an analyst concern at the time above.
 Could we do that prudently?
 Would we be able to manage through the next crisis effectively given that or was there
 a
 a surprise, a surprise learning.
 one of the things we've said and we remain committed to it is, you know,
 we expect to source the majority of our lending growth from within our existing customer base,
 right, whether that's installment capabilities, term loans, or some of the new features you've described.
 And for us, they're important because not only do customers expect them, but they obviously provide
 some meaningful revenues that we can reinvest into highly competitive value propositions.
 So, yes, we have put both Revolve and Transaction-Based
 installment capabilities on our full US consumer product set.
 So historic green, gold, platinum.
 and we'll be working through a process
 of introducing those features to our members
 in the current quarters.
 We want to make sure that we don't sound tone deaf in terms of the marketing we're doing
 and what new features we're introducing.
 that we believe customers expect that.
 and on installment in particular,
 I'm really enthusiastic about that, right?
 There's a financial discipline to these closed-end installment programs, and they resonate tremendously
 with millennial and younger generations that start getting used to kind of installment
 an important cell type capability.
 So let me ask you about that because that's, it's a hot market.
 It's hard to understand how much it's really penetrated US credit.
 It seems that the barriers are lower when it comes to an e-commerce transaction.
 For instance, we believe that a firm will be available to every Shopify merchant at
 the product level as opposed to just the checkout level on those websites, so
 So, maybe you can discuss for a minute how you're thinking about those products for
 perhaps leaping in front of Amex's ability to lend to its customer because of the placement.
 Yeah.
 Well, I think, you know, the good thing about about our planet functionality is our customers
 go to the point of sale knowing it's available to them and it introduces zero friction and
 check out, right? Because on the back end, on their app, they can opt into a plan of
 three, six, 12 months in duration with very transparent fees associated with it.
 So I think as opposed to having to engage in the purchase path.
 And I think there are a lot of things, a firm and Shopify, others can do to make that point
 and sale experience, more lightweight, reduced friction
 there.
 but you can't get less friction than we have in that purchase experience.
 I also think it's a platform that has a lot of possibility in terms of innovating with
 with our partners, right?
 So if you think about our airline and hotel partners
 and the capacity to put that in the purchase path, to put it on their web properties to
 both remind existing customers of their ability to access that, but also to drive card acquisition
 and say in a delta purchase path,
 I think that's as powerful potential.
 Okay. Alright. On the card portfolios, Amex has done, since Steve took over, Amex has
 done a phenomenal job of getting products on steady refresh cycles, which has had a profound
 impact on the rate of growth in net card fees. And so has the pandemic caused a delay in that
 cycle or a delay in the typical new customer account acquisition you expect off of a refresh
 that might cause a slow down in those fees.
 and then a reacceleration at some point.
 Yeah, so I think we have done a really good job of that.
 You know, we exited 19 with north of 20% card fee growth.
 And, you know, this year, right before the pandemic hit, we actually refreshed our entire
 delta co-brand portfolio and Christ for the value in that. So I would say the
 pandemic has affected a couple areas. You know, I think it's affected our acquisition
 volumes, as I said, in Q2 we decided to focus on existing customers. We pulled
 back on acquisition, that definitely slows the flow of new fee paying customers. I think
 There may be examples where we refresh products
 and have to think about whether we take price
 at the time we refresh or whether we defer that fee increase for 12 months, I think we're going to
 have to be sensitive to the environment, but in terms of the commitment to a regular cycle
 the product refresh, adding value, and pricing for that value, both on the back and the front
 book. We remain committed to that and I think you should expect that regardless of the environment
 that 2021 will feature some large-scale refreshes as well.
 Okay.
 I want to ask you about all the work you've done to support your co-brand partners, especially
 And do you have concern around, you know, you see some of these announcements that I'm
 I'm not sure if they're threats or if they're real.
 when a United goes out and says,
 We're getting ready to lay off 50% of our domestic staff.
 delta has clearly not said anything like that but
 point is, how do you view those partners? Do you view them as severely
 distressed and how's amix thinking about that yeah well I mean fundamentally I
 I view them as under stress as we all are,
 but since I do believe in the return,
 especially of leisure travel on the back of a vaccine.
 even the long term of those partners as well. I also happen to think we have great partners,
 We have a really premium set of partners, whether it's Delta, whether it's Hilton, whether
 it's British Airways, who we just re-upped with, and you know, my view as it was in,
 You know, the great financial crisis was these are great times to lean in, build partnership
 and invest together to strengthen our joint customer base,
 And that's what we've done, right?
 And if you look at the value injections,
 we've done with Delta, that we've done with Mario,
 that we've done with Hilton, and these are partners that
 As you say, they're under a fair amount of stress
 and they have come to the table, innovated with us,
 co-invested to make those products appealing even in a travel challenge time and I think
 you'll
 see, you'll see more of that in 21. I feel, I feel great about the long term health of
 does portfolios, and I feel really good about the partners.
 Okay, we've got a minute. I really wanted to give you a chance to answer
 AmEx is really leaned in on digital in terms of assets you've picked up.
 Rezzy, Mezzy, Cake, Pocket Concierge,
 lounge buddy, you know, to name a bunch.
 How is that all coming together to support your customers?
 Are we going to see significant changes to the American Express mobile app, which I think
 is the best in the industry as it is to bring those capabilities to bear.
 Yeah, it's a great it's a great question. It's one that's live on our minds as well
 And, you know, I mean, the most recent capability-based acquisition would have been cabbage on the small
 business side right and you know we have been on the journey to both digitize
 our existing products and experiences like dining has always been top
 for our customers, right?
 Um, it's, you know, we have a billion dining transactions.
 It's the number one request into our concierge and travel.
 And so digitizing and adding content there
 was sort of a no-brainer to us.
 but your point is right.
 We have seen through the digitization
 products and servicing, a material drop in offline service, a large shift to online.
 And that is further fueled by the fact that half of our new customers are under the age
 of 35, 80% of our acquisitions happen in digital channels.
 And so that trend plus the content we're adding, right?
 So you add dining, you add installment type capabilities, you add, you know, new SME
 product sets.
 You know, our mobile product and web product are going to have to flex to make that expanded
 range of content easier to navigate for folks.
 There's no question, but to your point, I think we feel like we started a really strong
 on place, right, in terms of our own internal assessment,
 as well as external recognition of our mobile product.
 Mm-hmm.
 Well, I'm gonna have to wrap it there, Doug.
 I really appreciate you joining us.
 I really want to do this in person next time.
 Let's try and do that.
 Enjoy the last fleeting days of summer.
 All right, you too Craig, great to see you.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 Thank you very much.
 Bye.