 Welcome to Eco Patrol's Earnings Conference call, in which we will discuss the main financial
 and operational results for the third quarter of 2021.
 all lines have been muted.
 there will be a Q&A session at the end of the presentation.
 before we begin.
 It is important to mention that the comments in this call by Eco Patrol Senior Management
 include projections of the company's future performance.
 These projections do not constitute any commitment as to future results nor do they take into
 to account risks or uncertainties
 that could materialize.
 As a result, Eco Patrol assumes no responsibility in the event that future results are different
 from the projections shared in this conference call.
 The call will be led by Mr. Felipe Vallón, CEO of Ecopetron.
 Alberto Consuegra?
 C. O. O.
 and Jaime Calayero, CFO.
 Thank you for your attention.
 Mr. Bayon, you may begin your conference.
 Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 During this quarter, we continue to deliver record results.
 As of September, we are now consolidating interconexión eléctrica CECA ISAS financial
 statement. We generated revenues of $23.3 trillion pesos and EB Dow of $10.4 trillion
 pesos, a net income of 3.8 trillion pesos.
 These results highlight our successful commercial strategy, which has allowed us to capture
 the favorable conditions of international crude oil prices.
 We achieved important progress in our strategic agenda with the accomplishment of milestones
 such as the following.
 By closing off ESA's acquisition and the first consolidation of its financial results into
 the results of the ecopetrol group, materializing this transformational step in our energy
 Thank you.
 decarbonization program.
 There is liability management transaction for $2 billion through the issuance of 10-year
 notes and 30-year bonds to partially prepare the loan dispersed to finance ESA's acquisition.
 The authorization granted by the Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia to subscribe the program
 for the issuance and placement of common stocks, enabling
 ecopetrol during five years to execute simultaneous issue
 funds within the local and international markets providing flexibility and opportunity in our
 on a capital structure strategy.
 And now, more than 86% of our employees
 have completed their immunization against COVID-19.
 Let's move on to the next slide.
 with the acquisition of the controlling stake in ESA.
 The ecopetrol group turns into a leading company in the energy sector of the region, participating
 across the hydrocarbon value chain, energy transmission, renewable energy, self-generation
 an infrastructure.
 structure.
 After the closing of the transaction, our efforts have been focused on ensuring compliance
 with legal and regulatory requirements related with accounting consolidation, reporting and financial planning.
 We have made progress in matters regarding corporate governance such as the election of
 of he says new board of directors.
 following its AGM held on October 22nd.
 The new composition of the board will allow ecobetrol to exercise as controlling parties
 over the company.
 Also, I would like to highlight that.
 for market reporting purposes.
 ESA's financial results are now incorporated as a new business line in addition to the
 existing business segments.
 PISA will maintain its value, promise, and independence as we have done with the rest
 of our subsidiaries.
 These I will bring to the table experience and knowledge that will boost new growth opportunities.
 We are progressing a gradual integration process led by the Transition Management Office, a
 multi-...
 disciplinary team from both companies.
 This process involves mutual and detailed knowledge between both companies, understanding
 of both business models and the construction of a shared vision.
 After having consolidated an orderly transition,
 will pursue opportunities that allow
 accelerating the capture of value from our investments.
 We see potential synergies in opportunities such as energy
 and field storage, development of new and additional renewable energy projects, generation
 and commercialization of energy in other countries and growth opportunities in the hydrocarbon
 business in geographies where ESA already operates.
 I will now pass on the floor to Alberto Consuegra, who will elaborate on the main operating
 results for this quarter.
 Thank you, Felipe. I will start by highlighting the discovery of hydrocarbons after drilling
 the Exploratory Well Lydia, YW12, which confirmed the presence of gas and 49 degree API light
 oil in a new structure near the Copiagos field, a milestone that sets the company's
 exploratory reactivation in Piedemonte, where a copetrol is the operator.
 We also highlight the commerciality
 of Boranda and Flamencos I discoveries, which
 are part of the Near Field Exploration Strategy, which
 six production and resourcing cooperation in a short term.
 Discoveries are located in Santander department and have produced about 94,000 barrels of
 CROIL for a co-patrol share during the testing stage between January and September of the
 the current year.
 We continue our international exploratory strategy during the 17th round of the Brazilian
 Oil and Gas Agency, the consortium between the Copetrol, Brazil, and Shell, acquired
 this.
 1709 block located in the Santos Basin, expanding the portfolios among high potential areas with
 competitive break-evens close to $40 per barrel.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 The quarterly production was 683,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 22,700 more than
 and the volume achieved in the second quarter.
 Despite achieving the production stabilization of the fields,
 affected by blockages and also increasing gas sales.
 Milestones of the plan previously announced there were two climate events during the quarter that limited an additional recovery in the growth of our production
 Abroad, the hurricane season and the Gulf of Mexico cost the closure of Wales and in
 in Colombia, the rainy season, cost landslides which affected the promo-oriented gas pipeline
 as well as the flooding of the Kari-Kari field causing its temporary closure for 20 days.
 All the weather impacts were related to increasing power outages.
 These events impacted production in and around 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
 For the fourth quarter, we expect a production around 700,000 barrels of oil equivalent
 per day, mainly leveraged in the drilling of between 110 and 130 wells, the reactivation
 of the promu-riente gas pipeline and the continuity of the operation of the NARI asset, which
 will receive on November 4th, after ending the association
 contract, as in an average of 7,500 barrels of oil
 equivalent per day.
 However, some risks associated with climate and public order issues remain and could affect
 production levels.
 and LPG contributed 21% to total production.
 Highlighting the signing of the Santiago de Las Atalayas,
 gas exploitation and exploration agreement with the National Hydrocarbons Agency, which
 which allowed the beginning of pre-drilling activities in two new wells in the Piedmontese
 area. Given the effects on gas production due to maintenance and climatic events, a commercial
 strategy was developed to guarantee gas supply at nationwide, along with the Ministry of
 minds and energy and market agents through the signing of contingency contracts.
 On the social front, new gas and LPG connections have been made, allowing near 5,000 new families
 from Strata 1 and 2 to have this service and improve their quality of life between January
 and September.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 2021 has been a challenging year in terms of production,
 due to all the factors that we have revealed throughout the year, which have mainly affected
 with the basic curve.
 Resuming activity on our wells generated higher levels
 of water versus oil content with a gradual stabilization.
 The pandemic and public order situations affected our projects in terms of supply chain delivery
 deadlines and execution.
 This has been partially upset by the implementation of initiatives such as anticipation of 2022
 work fronts and strengthening of our commercial gas strategy, with which we expect to restore
 our growth path. Given all the above, projected production levels for 2021 would be around
 680,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 and unconventionals, we highlight that on July 8th, the first territorial dialogue was held for the
 of the Platero Comprehensive Research Pilot Project.
 And on October 29th, an environmental impact study
 was filed requesting approval of the license
 for the drilling of Calais.
 In Perl.
 progress is being made in the documentation of Platero's Environmental Study in Synergy
 with what has been filed for Calais in August.
 A public survey was carried out by the National Consulting Center in the area of influence
 of the pilots, evidencing a positive change in perception among communities regarding
 industry and non-conventional pilots.
 a competitor will be in the oil company that generates the most confidence.
 In September, a co-patrol started the operation of a mobile environmental laboratory for the
 the Magdalena Medio region.
 so that communities have a better knowledge
 of the environmental variables.
 present in their surroundings and that will allow, once the pilot starts, to monitor their behavior.
 Abroad, Permian reached the gross production level for ecopetrol of 24,400 barrels of oil
 equivalent per day in the third quarter. Evidence in the ramp of unconventional with a cumulative
 evid a margin of 83%.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 The transported volume of refined products increased 63,000 vows per day compared to
 to the third quarter of 2020.
 Thanks to the recovery of locable demand, mainly the galancevastopol trench, by supplying
 in the large consumption areas of the country.
 On the other hand, the volume of crude oil transported decreased by 30,000 barrels per
 day.
 Comparison
 to the same quarter of last year as a result of lower production driven by the previously
 mentioned causes. In order to secure the evacuation of the Canyol-Imon field, 11 reversal cycles of
 of the b-centenario pipeline were carried out.
 Finally, I want to mention that the Consolidation Agreement between Frontera,
 Sanit and Vicentenario was approved by the Administrative Tribunal of Cundinamarca
 to solve the existing disputes regarding the transportation of crude oil in Colombia as
 As a result of the conciliation, Frontera will recognize
 to Senator Bicentenario, the outstanding obligations
 on their agreements as of December 31, 2019.
 From Theta, we'll transfer to Zenith.
 It's 43.03 percent interest in Vicentenario and will transfer to Vicentenario depending
 individuals, the funds deposited in a trust as guaranteed for one of the disputes, the
 The advance payments from prior years and the Bicentenario Pipeline line feel that they
 have.
 A part of the agreement, Frontera will recognize to be centenario a portion of the centenarios
 to syndicate loan in the amount of $438 billion pesos.
 Additionally, Steniton Vicentenarios signed new ship or pay agreements with Frontera, allowing
 them to receive additional revenues for the payment of obligations included in the conciliation
 for a value of up to $92 million, subject to adjustment as per the value of the line
 feel. Likewise, OGL, a Senate subsidiary, obtained the execution with Frontera of a new
 ship or pay agreement which shall allow ODL to receive additional income up to 55.5 million
 dollars.
 The potential impacts of the transaction correspond to the total recovery of outstanding debt
 as of December 31, 2019, for a value of $729 billion pesos.
 The one time impact on EBITDA will be approximately 700 billion pesos, which will be reflected
 in the figures for the fourth quarter of this year.
 Additionally, financial revenues for approximately 41 billion pesos will be received due to the
 effect of default interest and returns on trust funds.
 Let's move on to the next slide please.
 We achieved an accumulated EBITDA record result
 as of September of 2.35 trillion pesos.
 Thanks to selling of inventories and benefit from market prices at Barranca Bermeja Refinery,
 incentives, commercial strategies, and an inverse cost increase in natural gas sales,
 contribute to mitigating impacts derived from operational challenges and keeping the cash
 cost of the segment under control. Additionally, we are pleased to inform that we achieved
 delivery of gasoline at 50 parts per million contemplated by regulation for January 2022.
 The integrated gross margin of the refineries remain at pre-pandemic levels, despite having
 and more expensive diet, because the recovery of Brent Price, a challenging scenario for
 the realization of valuable products, especially in the Cartagena refinery due to the discount
 on expert diesel and the scheduled maintenance of the petrochemical train and the alkylation
 unit at the Barranca Vermeja refinery.
 The consolidated throughput in September was about 365,000 barrels per day exceeding the
 the throughput restrictions on the refineries affected by public order events at Canyolimón
 Covena's oil pipeline, an electrical contingency presented in August, and corrective maintenance
 planned in the catalytic tracking unit at Cartagena's refinery.
 These events had an EBITDA impact of 121 billion pesos.
 A shutdown plan is being implemented with the purpose of improving the reliability of
 refineries which will take the operation availability from 92.5 percent in 2019 to 94.2 percent in 2021
 and up to international reference levels above the 96 percent in 2024.
 others schedule maintenance for the flare in Plants 1 and 2 in Ascentia will be occurring.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 At the end of the quarter, we have delivered efficiencies close to 1.8 trillion pesos, highlighting
 in a reduction of the dilution factor.
 energy efficiency and savings obtained with the renewable energies.
 The total unit cost accrued to September increased $10.3 per barrel as compared to the same period
 in 2020 mainly due to higher purchase and import costs associated with higher brand prices.
 On the other hand, the cumulative lifting cost to September increased $.87 per barrel
 as compared to the same period in 2020, reaching $8 per barrel.
 Such anticipated increase is due to greater numbers of well interventions, the execution
 of process safety and integrity work included in the plan, as well as the increase in the
 cost of oil services due to industry inflation.
 By the end of the year, we expect to have a lifting cost in the order of $8.5 per barrel.
 The cost per barrel transported showed a slight decrease as compared to the same period in
 in 2020, reaching $2.9 per barrel.
 thanks to the control of variable cost given the lower volumes
 transported.
 The refining cash cost accumulated to September showed a downward trend as compared to previous
 years correlated to gas composition and its supply chain.
 I will open the floor to Jaime Caballero, who will talk to you about the main financial
 the results of the ACOPETROL group.
 Thanks Alberto.
 during the nine months ended in September, 2021.
 The copetrol's net income reached 10.6 trillion pesos, exceeding more than nine times the
 the result obtained during the same period of the previous year.
 This increase is mainly explained
 a higher EBITDA generation of 15.5 trillion pesos, where the following factors stand out.
 A positive net effect of 13 trillion pesos due to realisation prices, higher crude oil
 spreads and foreign exchange increase for purchases and sales.
 A positive valuation of inventories for 4.2 trillion pesos related to market prices and
 increasing shifts in transit to India and the U.S., given the new delivery at place
 commercial strategy, and the consolidation of 100% of ISIS EBITDA, 4.7 trillion pesos,
 corresponding to one month of operation
 after closing the acquisition.
 The above was partially offset by lower volume of purchases and sales for 1.5 trillion pesos
 affected by schedule and corrected maintenance activities within the refineries, higher
 They're operating activity costs for $0.6 trillion, mainly associated to maintenance
 in higher materials consumption as a result of the economic reactivation and other effects
 in the EBITDA for 0.4 trillion pesos, mainly related to the increase in exploratory expenses,
 recognition of public work provisions
 and environmental provisions among other aspects.
 Likewise, the year today includes the impact of three non-operational items, the non-recurring
 positive effect of 0.4 trillion recognized in January for the divestment of
 Sabia Peru, a negative variation from other non-cash items for 1.8 trillion, including
 foreign exchange effect, depreciation, taxes, financial expenses, and eases non-controlling
 interest for 0.7 trillion and 1 trillion in other subsidiaries and increase in income tax provision
 as a result of higher financial results and related to the third tax-restatement for 36
 billion pesos after implementing the new rates established by the tax reform in Colombia
 from 30% to 35%.
 These results show a clear continuity of the favorable trend in the company's financial results.
 Please turn to the next slide to see ESA's main financial results.
 For the third quarter, and the nine months ended on September 2021,
 ESA's EBITDA continues its growth trend, increasing 5.8% and 5.2% respectively as compared to
 same periods in 2020. Net income decreased affected by non-recurring events, such as
 costs associated to the liability management transaction at
 in Tercele, which also included the unwind of debt hedging for a total of 273 billion
 Thanks for watching.
 and a higher deferred tax expense of $146 billion
 pesos, due to the application of the rates from the tax reform in Colombia.
 In the absence of these impacts, ESA's net income for the quarter would have been 541
 and 1.6 trillion year-to-date.
 Isis consolidation in the hospital group is carried out through a business combination
 of control businesses has defined in IFRS 3.
 A new segment has been established to incorporate ESA's stand-alone results starting September
 and the expenses related to the debt raised to complete the acquisition.
 ESA's contribution is material for the confidential group and it will be progressively incorporated
 over the next accounting period.
 When normalizing the consolidation for the nine months ended in September, ESA's contribution
 to the EBITDA would have been $5.3 trillion, representing about 19% of the total.
 The net income contribution would have been 0.6 trillion pesos and 0.8 trillion excluding
 in the non-recruiting events mentioned above.
 After consolidation, assets and liabilities of the acrobatol group increased by 82 and
 55 trillion pesos respectively. Total equity increased by 27 trillion pesos, reflecting
 the concept of non-controlling interest associated to ESA.
 The values of assets, liabilities, and non-controlling interests, as well as goodwill, are preliminary
 and will be updated to final amounts by the end of the year.
 Please turn to the next slide to see the main financial KPIs.
 Humility Financial Indicators Year-to-Date reaffirmed Ecopetrol's ability to capture the
 favourable price environment as well as the initial benefits from ESA after consolidating
 the first month of his operations since the acquisition in the oil and gas business is
 It is worth to highlight the edited per barrel that reach record levels of $40.2 per barrel,
 and quality results of 40.1.
 These levels compare very favorably
 with other industry peers.
 Net income break even.
 continues to improve as compared to the end of 2020.
 and the same period of the previous year.
 reaching $34.8 per barrel.
 thanks to the recovery of product spreads and higher throughput in the refineries.
 Regarding ESA's results, it is worth to highlight the evident margin,
 that was 77.7%, aligned with 2020.
 ESA's return on equity for the quarter was affected by the liability management transaction
 effect that did not impact the group results due to the extent that it corresponds to an
 went prior to the acquisition and therefore it was registered as equity.
 To date, evident margin for the eco-patrol group was 46.7% among the high-level historically
 surpassing pre-pandemic levels.
 The leverage ratio of the perpetual group is similar to 2020 levels when incorporating
 is death and one month EBITDA. Normalizing with ECS EBITDA for the last two months gave
 indicator would have been 2.4 times.
 We turn to the following slide to see the main highlights of the commercial strategy
 and its contribution to the financial results.
 The commercial strategy has been fundamental to the successful capture of value in the
 the current environment.
 stable quality of our blends,
 Supply reliability and contractual flexibility are fundamental to the corporate strategy.
 As of September 2021, the realisation price of our crude old basket increased from representing
 76% to 94% as compared to the average Brent price for the same period in 2020.
 It is worth highlighting the increasing barrels delivered to destinations such as South Korea,
 India, Brunei, Sweden and the US Gulf of Mexico, going from 17% in 3Q 2020 to 37.5% in 3Q 2021
 in volumetric terms.
 The strategy has allowed a higher commercial margin as compared to shipments sold and delivered
 at the COVID-19 support.
 Likewise, we continue to maximize the value of crude oil and products through asset-backed
 trading strategies with an incremental benefit of $47 million by the end of September, almost
 twice the amount achieved during full year 2020.
 we estimate that so far this year
 The commercial effort has contributed around $339 million.
 equivalent to $1.19 per barrel to the Ecopituals Group Ibinda, as a result of export strategies
 purchase of new crews for the refineries, benefits from using our crews, and savings
 from energy efficiencies, among others.
 Sales of gas and LPG,
 A key element of the strategy contributed almost $15 per barrel to the EBITDA, proving
 the relevance of this product within the company's results.
 Let's turn to
 to the next slide, please.
 Organic investment, as of end 3Q, amounted to nearly $2.2 billion, showing an important
 recovery versus the previous year, despite global supply chain disruptions, public unrest
 in certain areas of operation and longer regulatory permitting lead times.
 The upstream segment accounted for 77% of total organic capex, with a focus on increasing
 production and reserves, while 23% went to the midstream, downstream, and corporate
 segments.
 By the end of the year, we expect to invest between $3.3 and $3.5 billion dollars.
 Capacit execution for the fourth quarter will be focused on an increase in drilling rigs,
 Direct the operator by copetrol, securing the arrival of materials with supply delays, boosting
 activity in Permian, Ecopetal, America, and Okol, and an increase in activity in the
 As for ESA SCAPEX, its cumulative execution, as of September, was $946 million, mainly
 allocated to the progress in the construction of energy transmission projects in the countries
 where the company operates.
 ESA estimates a year-end execution of circa $1.2 billion.
 Please turn to the next slide to review the company's cash flow.
 Cash balance for the third quarter was 13.1 trillion pesos, with the operating cash flow
 by adding 11.5 trillion pesos.
 Lisa contributed.
 3.3 trillion pesos to the cash balance and 0.5 trillion to the operating cash flow, respectively.
 The investment-
 component for the year presented an outflow of 8.8 trillion pesos related to
 The financing component, excluding ESA acquisition, registered an outflow of 2.8 trillion pesos
 for principal and interest payments.
 Doing 2021.
 Dividends for 1.4 trillion have been paid to co-patron shareholders and to non-controlling
 shareholders of its subsidiaries.
 considers cash and cash equivalents for 10.1 trillion pesos.
 short-term investment portfolio of 3 trillion pesos.
 The Co-Petrol group's cash composition is 64 percent dollar-based and 36 percent Colombian
 I'm Tesso.
 This cash balance does not include the account receivable from the full price stabilization
 It's fun.
 the PEC for its Spanish acronym, which at the end of 3Q amounts to 7.2 trillion pesos.
 It is worth mentioning that the recently approved General Budget of the Republic of Columbia
 includes a specific provision of 2.7 trillion pesos for the recognition of this item,
 as well as additional budgetary mechanisms to address the remaining amounts.
 Please turn to the next slide.
 Finally, we would like to highlight the completion of our first external liability management
 transaction for $2 billion, by which we partially refinance the $3.7 billion loan associated
 with the ESA acquisition.
 This transaction optimizes the debt maturity profile of the acrobatol group with market
 rates at historically low levels since 2014.
 The transaction had a robust demand from around 270 investors from different geographies
 globally, with individual bids of up to $470 million, evidencing the confidence in the
 co-controls in addition to the approval of the program to issue common stock in
 Columbia by the Superintendency of Finance, provides flexibility and access to different
 sources of debt and equity financing.
 with the objective to continue optimizing the maturity profile
 and to fund the energy transition strategy of the company.
 Now I hand over to the CEO for closing remarks.
 Thank you, Jaime.
 We continue to move forward on each of the pillars
 of our TESG strategy.
 On the environmental side, we particularly highlight achievements in our renewable energy
 projects. With the entry into operation of the San Fernando Solar Farm that is located
 in the meta-department, we have now an additional install capacity of 61 megawatts that will
 supply part of the energy demand for both ecopetrol and senate operations.
 It will also help us to avoid emissions for more than 508,000 tons of CO2 equivalent during
 the next 15 years and will contribute to the group's decarbonization plan.
 All these in addition to over 21,000 tons of CO2 emissions that have already been avoided
 by the Castilla Solar Form in its first two years of operation since October 2019.
 In such a period, we have also saved with the Castigas
 solar farm, some two million dollars in operational costs.
 With San Fernando, the group's current capacity on renewable energy stands at 112 megawatts,
 Like once.
 Ecopetrolos, who inaugurated the gas-based self-generation plant in Chichimene that will
 avoid emissions of some 44,000 tons of CO2 each year and will supply part of the energy
 required by the Chichimene API, CP09, and Castilla fields all located in the Meta Department.
 In terms of hydrogen, we've highlighted the active participation of ecopetrol as one of
 the key players in the construction of Colombia's hydrogen roadmap aimed at developing these
 energy source for the country.
 On the other hand, we recently joined the group of the Task Force of Nature-Related
 financial disclosures, TNFD, to help develop a reporting framework for nature-related risks
 and opportunities as well as mitigating negative impacts on the environment.
 week.
 participated in COP26 in Glasgow as one of the organizations representing Colombia.
 In addition to discussing actions that allow to mitigate climate change impact, we met
 with different leading organizations to explore potential
 alliances in the development of several opportunities on our road to net zero and energy transition
 road maps.
 Regarding technology, I want to highlight the capture of some $36 million, year-to-date
 of benefits from our digital transformation agenda.
 Also...
 ...
 the award of the Sustainable Development Goals Good Practices led by the Global Compact of the UN
 to our open innovation program a hundred times a hundred. In the social dimension,
 EcoMetrol Achieve the Equipares Silver Seal.
 a certification with a 98.47 percent score, which gives us now five companies in the group
 that have favorable processes for gender equality.
 Let's move on now to the conclusions.
 During the quarter, we achieved significant progress towards energy transition, such as
 the closing of the ESA acquisition, setting a milestone in the history of the country
 and for both companies.
 providing the opportunity to consolidate the ecopetrol group as a new, leading energy
 company with greater capacity to continue generating sustainable value.
 We continue delivering strong financial results to our shareholders and our groups of interest.
 We will keep consolidating our integrated strategy, maintaining the focus on the core
 We're business.
 moving forward in the pillars of energy transition.
 Thanks to everyone for participating today in the call, and now I will open up for the
 Q&A session.
 Thank you.
 At this time, I would like to remind everyone, in order to ask a question, simply press star
 and then one on your telephone keypad.
 If you would like to withdraw your question, please press the pound key.
 pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster.
 We have a question from Kilaire Levy from Morgan Stanley.
 Hi.
 Hello, everyone.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 I have two questions.
 The first one is only pink costs.
 So I just wanted to understand your expectations
 for a deep line going forward when we come see
 They're both recovering production
 and higher oil prices that are expected to remain
 into the next quarters, if we should continue to expect
 lifting costs close to the $8 per BLE range and if the company is already seeing some
 level of industry cost inflation.
 And then the second question is on the production expectations for 2022.
 I just wanted to pick your brain and try to understand what sort of projects can be in
 anticipated at the current oil price environment, and also how much the shale JV in the U.S.
 could contribute to the group in this strong oil price environment.
 Thank you very much.
 Yeah, my thanks and thanks for participating today in the conference call.
 So I'll give you some context, and then Alas Calberto, to provide more detail, first around
 the lifting cost and then around the production.
 the first thing around nipping costs.
 If you look at where we have it up on 3Q, around $8.00,
 We're signaling that the year should end up in around or at around $8.5 per barrel and
 And for next year, the rate should be around $9.5 to $10 per bound.
 So that's sort of the expectation.
 So, clearly, we see there will be an increment or an increase in terms of the lifting cost.
 And Alberto will provide detail around levels of activity and also some of the pressures
 we're seeing from some of the first increases in terms of sector inflation, particularly
 around some materials and the lights.
 So he'll talk about that.
 In terms of production, I'll share my view with you and then, again, I'll have to provide
 some detail.
 If you look at what has happened this year, we started at 1-2-6-7-6.
 We went...
 down to 661 in 2-2 and up to 684 in 3-2. So there's a recovery. We're seeing recovery
 from some of the issues, operation of issues that we got into the queue, especially with
 the production of water and some other issues and some of the blockages and
 and stoppages and civil unrest in the country.
 We expect that E4Q will be at around 700,000 barrels.
 The way I would describe it is that we are seeing recovery, there's a clear path over
 recovery, but it's taking longer than what we had anticipated.
 So that's, I think that's message number one.
 We're currently working on the numbers for 2022.
 We don't have a number yet in terms of where we...
 or host and company of the conference viewers to attend.
 Please stand by and an operator will be with you shortly.
 Thank you for waiting.
 Come for me to number for your call
 Your name, please.
 Thanks for everything.
 All the best.
 I'm really happy.
 Thank you.
 Here's your...
 You can pass this.
 in the core business.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Matthews, and I'll start with Issa, and then I'll hand over to Walter to talk
 about the downstream.
 So in terms of these, I want to provide a bit of context.
 We have something called the TMO, the Transition Management
 office, they're basically comprised of some 80 people, roughly half and half from each
 of the organizations has been working for some months now and for the last two and a half
 month.
 close the deal on the 20th of August. A dedicated team has been focused on the
 on-premises, maybe, working on some 10 to 12 streams of work, maybe.
 So there's different things, you know?
 We've talked about the legal, the regulatory, the financial consolidation, so we're working
 now on things like budget and planning purposes and so there's a lot of work and that's actually
 going quite well. In terms of Jaime and myself joining the board, that's already happened.
 So I just wanted to provide sort of the high-level context in terms of where we are.
 So think that we're looking at.
 And there's some very tactical, pragmatical things
 we're looking at, so for example, in a lot of the things in which we operate, for example,
 on a digital, we have a lot of synergies and opportunities because we use the same providers.
 You know, and we can share some of the conditions and some of the favorable conditions that
 has on contracting some of these services, those can be passed through tuition.
 So that's no having to be very, very, very early on.
 those things have identity.
 And there's some ongoing work between the teams
 around things like innovation and technology.
 Very important.
 So things like, when you mention power generation,
 So in Colombia, by the current existing regulation,
 Since we are in transmission, we would not be allowed to enter the power generation
 market to sell to third parties.
 So that's the current sort of regulatory framework in Colombia.
 Having said that, there's opportunities in the other countries where we now have a presence.
 So that's point number one, but in terms of things like additional, renewable, our generation
 projects from...
 renewable sources, there's a lot of opportunity, both in country and outside, in terms of energy
 storage, which is fundamental as we think about the transition and sort of ensuring
 that is reliability in terms of the provision of electricity, you know, to the consumers.
 Even in things like...
 Okay.
 hypergenic things like low emission energy so the teams are actually working on that so we're very
 enthusiastic I would say in terms of the new opportunities and there's a lot of
 things that are coming up from those conversations. And what we'd like to do, Matthew, is that
 As soon or as long as we're progressing and advancing, we'll continue to communicate,
 know, in terms of where we are, how we planted some of those opportunities, but I would end
 of saying here before heading on to what is, is that I don't think we fully understand
 the potential that we can unlock, you know, in terms of the transaction that we've done
 and the opportunities going forward.
 So once it, why don't we move it to the downstream
 to talk a little bit more about the margins and what we see going forward.
 Thank you, Felipe. Thank you, Felipe. And thank you, Matthew, for your question on the
 down to business.
 First I was mentioning that you saw on the slide, and it was covered by Alberto, that
 a...
 As of September, we have accumulated a record of 2.3 billion pesos for the segment.
 So this is mainly coming from excellent results
 in the second quarter.
 Regarding the third quote, important to mention that we
 started around July and August, plan activities at the Baranca-Bermeja Refinery, mainly in
 the articulation unit and the petrochemical business,
 those activities at Barranca will continue.
 So those has already been completed, although at the barranca
 Mejha, we are progressing right now maintenance,
 a major maintenance on the crew, one of the crew unit and on the FCC.
 In the case of Cartagena, the result of the third quarter
 were impacted by a blackout event that we had in August.
 And also a maintenance that we needed to do at the FCC unit in August and finish in the
 in the middle of September, so at the Cartagena,
 Those were one-time events, both of them, and, you know, the refinery were recovered for
 events and it's running close to full range right now.
 And at the Cartagena, we are projecting the fourth quarter.
 We are not projecting to have a plan.
 and around our big maintenance at the Cartagena Refunding
 in the fourth quarter, so we seek out the agenda
 For the fourth quarter,
 coming up in terms of margins.
 And at the bar rank, as I mentioned,
 We are executing the plant around for the crew unit of the FCC, but marching for the
 barranca a plan to be a steady for this was water and very similar to the stock
 So, in overall, for the refining, we are projecting to finish 2021 in regarding a good rate.
 We have told you that we are planning to be on the 345 to 365 KBD, and we are projecting
 to be on the high side of that range.
 Regarding marching for projection for the 2021,
 We are projecting to finish the year between the boss
 business at the Hena Baranka on the upper side of the one digit, so close to the $10 per
 for 2021.
 Regarding 2022, I would say that we see margins coming up, although I have to mention that
 during the first half of the year.
 We do have plant maintenance activities
 at both of these families, at Barranca and Cartagena.
 mainly on the first half of the year.
 So, but in overall, in overall, we see a margin, you know,
 And there will be some ups and downs because that depends on what type of maintenance activities
 we do every month, but in overall we see margin for 2022 on the, I would say, on the low side
 of the two digits for the refining business.
 And I think that I would like to mention that 2021 and 2022 are very heavy on turnaround
 activities or maintenance activities are not very fun because most of the activities
 who have planned for 2020, but because of COVID-19 and pandemic, we need to move some
 of those maintenance from 2020 to 2021 and 2022.
 I hope, Matthew, I was clear and I was able to answer your question.
 your question.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from Vicente Falanga from Bradesco.
 Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
 Thank you for taking my questions.
 My first one is regarding Brazil.
 when do you expect the drilling of the first well there
 and sort of what are the next key milestones.
 My second question is regarding to unconventional.
 Do you feel that after we get the licenses for Caldea and Platero, that, you know, for
 other future potential areas, these licenses could come up quicker.
 And then if I just may, sorry, follow up on the previous question, do you still see
 you
 risks of public order in the kind of remote pipeline
 this order that could again affect the refineries or things calmer there.
 Thank you.
 We thank you.
 Good morning.
 And thanks for the question.
 with regards to Brazil, what we are doing right now.
 In terms of exploration, we are in the planning phase to drill our second well in the Saturno
 block, which basically is what we call the Yappetus prospect. And with respect to drill
 this well late in 2022 or early 2023. And this will depend very much in our
 conversations with our partners, in that case, Shell and Chevron. Also, in terms of development,
 to recognize that that cathodomato is going well and that we have several
 milestones to complete them in the next few months. The first one is the award of the
 the FPSO, the Floating Production Storage and Uploading Partility, initiates fabrication
 of the FPSO also award the subsea utilities contract and depending in the advance in the
 progress of those activities, we are shooting for an early start at the end of 2025, early
 That's the program.
 If we see opportunities to build additional wells, that will be depending very much on
 decision is taken with all the partners.
 So, that's times where we are in Brazil, Desante.
 Bye.
 with regards to perpetuating the unconvention.
 So, we're in the process, as we mentioned in our report, in the process of obtaining
 the licenses for Calais and Patero.
 We already delivered the Environmental Assessment
 study for Calais and we are trying to do so for Platerra.
 So in terms of whether this will increase the potential of getting licenses for new areas,
 very conservative. I think our focus should be in the two areas where we have at this
 moment the pilot, ones that we are successful in getting the licenses, but as well as doing
 the execution of the wealth, doing the drilling of the wealth, then we can foresee if there
 there are opportunities in other place.
 Okay, I guess I would probably just like to add and before you come back to Kennedy
 more than the third question is.
 So we've said Vicente, with regard to the unconventional pilots in Colombia, is that
 but this is not about doing it quickly.
 It's about doing it well.
 And in that sense, and you just saw some of the timelines
 that we produced in the report.
 We see ourselves drilling the wells in 2023, but we're working to see if we can actually
 and we accelerate that for them.
 You know, and can we bring that forward into 2022?
 But bear in mind that after we have all the results and the data, there is an independent
...
 mission that will look at the results of the pilot and determine if the pilot's
 were successful or not.
 in terms of achieving the objectives that were set up with the regulations to the pilot.
 So we'll need to see what that means.
 Having said that, obviously, we've worked on identifying additional areas with potential
 And thinking about how can we take this
 to the next level in terms of becoming
 part of the operation that we do, you know?
 We now have a lot of expertise from the Caribbean to use on your belt.
 So that's been...
 that's being brought home in terms of planning and ensuring that we can understand how to
 to the next phase, which, if I understand correctly, is sort of the question.
 And I don't think that's a problem anymore.
 Yeah.
 So, in terms of Daniel Limón, we need to recognize that we have the pressure of social
 on risk and the real activity in both the Catatumbo and the Arauca region.
 So the risk is there.
 what the contingency means to manage the production impact.
 If the cannulimone pipeline is affected by this social number, then we have the contingent
 route of the Bessin scenario pipeline.
 If this is working, as been working during the third quarter, where we have 11 reversal
 cycle, then we shouldn't expect major impact in terms of the loads for the refiners, particularly
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes...
 from Frank McGann from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 You know, maybe stepping back to a little bit bigger picture in terms of how you're
 seeing the CAPEX potential in upstream.
 after the last four or five years,
 which you went from having a lot of opportunities
 and being very aggressive to, you know, pulling back is, you know, rightfully so to restore
 the balance sheet and not, you know, overly get over the aggressive in terms of spending
 given the less clear environment, especially, of course, over the last 18, 24 months.
 I'm just thinking, you know, wondering now how you're thinking about upstream.
 You've got...
 would assume a lot of low-hanging fruit
 that you could potentially exploit.
 I would think you could increase CAPEX quite a bit and profitably.
 so if you wanted to.
 but I'm just wondering how big that portfolio is,
 potentially also, one, and secondly,
 are you tempted to get more aggressive
 over the next couple of years, but given the very favorable environment, and I think fairly
 short payback period that you have for a lot of those investments.
 Thanks, Frank, and great question, and I think I'll provide you some views, and then I may
 can add up on a bed as well, and the team can sort of basically complete the views,
 Thank you.
 And the way I would put it, I like your intro to the question in terms of us being explicitly
 be very careful with the management of the balance sheets and the opportunities.
 And if you look at how we've ramped up caprices over the last few years, from basically 2.2
 billion in 2017 to $2.9 billion in 2018 to $3.5 billion in 2019 will be that range this
 And I was answering a question earlier saying that we see ourselves in the 4 to 5 billion
 dollar range, organic excluding ESA. And historically, 80 to 85 percent of the
 capex has gone to the upstream. So we're not going to abandon that. So there will be additional
 focus in terms of exploration and this goes from looking at seismic that we
 already have and doing the reinterpretation of that seismic with new technology and new
 capabilities.
 So that's point number one.
 And I think the notice that we gave the market share here in the week with the media, YW,
 which is the discovery of a no field,
 show that sort of adjusting our view on exploration is paying off.
 And I think that's very important.
 This year, we'll end up with some 400 wells in our portfolio
 that we've drilled development wells.
 We should probably see an increase in that, and that's the way you tend to think about
 it.
 Look at geographically, we have very good activity in the Permian, and it's staying
 off, it's not only providing molecules or barrels, but it's also producing good EBDAP,
 know and we'll be able to talk about it when we close the year and the likes.
 So a lot of folks in Colombia, but we do have a focus in both the Permian and, and there
 was just referred to gato-domato in Brazil, that will require some additional capex, but
 Focusing Colombia where EOR techniques, increasing recovery factors are fundamental.
 We have to deal with a 15 to 17 decline, natural decline per year in our main fields.
 Good news, I think tailwinds are healthy.
 We've done a lot of work over the last four or five years in terms of deficiencies in
 in terms of becoming a much better
 in terms of producing market, you know, at the upstream level.
 So I think that's paying off.
 Having said that, we had a good discussion earlier on about sector information and some
 some of the things that we're doing, but again, things that serial phase budgeting and something
 called...
 performance plus, which is an internal program to look at more efficiencies, I think can
 provide a lot of support in terms of how we see ourselves going forward.
 We have identified lots of opportunities.
 We have something called taxonomy, so we know which each and every opportunity that we have
 in the pipeline branch up.
 But, and I'll stop here.
 want to get freaky, you know, in terms of spending money just for the sake of spending
 and we want to stay very focused and disciplined in terms of how do we deploy, sorry, the
 cat-pixing the operations.
 Thank you.
 If you want to add some
 something else for our best little carpet.
 Thank you, Felipe.
 So Frank, good to hear you.
 I'll give you some color and initially I'm going to give you some broad group numbers
 that provide context for the conversation, and then some directional numbers associated
 to the...
 applying which we're working on.
 I think the biggest headline is that as we look to refresh the plan 22-24 and the context
 price environment and in the context of course of the of the production lag that we've seen
 this year. Clearly, our strategic intent is to increase production, right? So, direction
 what we want to do with the off-CVS to increase production and the good news is that the result
 All of the portfolio analysis that we've been having over the last few months is one that
 That indicates a stronger portfolio, with more prospects, with more possibilities, and
 therefore with more, with more value, right?
 to give you an idea.
 You know, this year's plan, compared to last year's plan, speaks about a billion barrels
 of resources, of 3P resources, right?
 That's the extent of the toll for a call.
 The last, when we were looking at this number,
 eight months ago, it was more in the 1.1 on our range.
 So we've actually seen a bigger portfolio to work with.
 The second thing that we're seeing
 is that in the context of the full agenda of a performance
 flaws and efficiencies and becoming more competitive and the light, we're also seeing improved
 break evens and therefore a more value
 and access it to the important folder.
 So, directionally, a portfolio that maybe a couple of years ago was worth, and I'm talking
 about the growth component of the portfolio, around $6 billion in MPV, it's now around
 to nine billion dollars in MPV.
 So where I'm trying to go here is that there's
 biases to be had.
 and we didn't want to chase that bad.
 obviously in a distinctive way, like Philippe mentioned,
 in a structured way, but there's value to be created.
 When you look at the ramp-up of activity, the ramp-up of activity that we expect to have
 It's significant.
 We're talking about, you know, directionally around 540 wells, development wells next year,
 around 600 workovers, around anywhere between 25 and 30
 exploration wells, and I'm going back into seismic.
 So this is, you know, the opportunities are there
 They're sufficiently mature and then they give you a statistic here.
 Okay.
 All these numbers that I'm quoting, about 67% of the activity said, it's already in
 in its third or fourth stage of maturing.
 So there are things that are reasonably good to go, and it gives us confidence that we're
 are going to be able to execute them next year.
 So kind of that's where we're going.
 When you look at that number that Felipe mentioned of,
 between four and five billion dollars of organic capex.
 And I would say that the upstream, as usual, will represent a big chunk of that when we
 We look at the next three years, I would expect upstream to be anywhere between $10 and $12
 dollars of capex upstream alone you were heading obviously this is all subject to
 on fine-tuning and we're going to have a more detailed conversation in February, but that's
 That's where we're heading right now.
 Quentin, I will just add that when you look at our portfolio and years back, our focus
 was the main mature field, heavy old field.
 So now, in our plant, you'll see new areas emerging.
 For example, in terms of exploration, you'll see activity,
 associated with the Caribbean offshore, and also a lot of focus in terms of the Piedemonte
 for the technical skills.
 Well, we have the experience to discuss the benefits of this.
 Thank you.
 That's a wrap.
 expectation of finding both light oil and gas.
 So, so you'll see that diversification when you look at other projects that are going
 to be a merch, you'll see Tanya Sur close to Rubiales and then Acacia, which will be
 another focus in our portfolio. So more diversification I would say.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Christian Audi from Santander.
 Thank you.
 Hello, Philippe.
 Hi, May.
 Thank you.
 I wanted to get your views on a couple of points.
 capital location and then on the return on capital employed terms of capital
 location, you've already touched on CAPEX.
 I was wondering if you could also touch on deleveraging and dividend payments, how you
 to prioritize those given the very strong results
 catch more generation that you are having, and also touch on the potential need for
 or an equity offering and whether that equity offering,
 if needed, would be more to supply ESA with capital
 to pursue inorganic growth, or would it be more driven to just strengthen the overall
 equitable financial position, and then in terms of return on capital employed, which is an
 area...
 aware of the company always stood out relative to your peers with the addition of ESA.
 It's great margin and great return to capital employed.
 I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit
 about where you see Rossi.
 Maybe X is going into 2022, please.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Christian. I hope you're doing well so um
 So, let's talk about capital allocation on Rocha.
 I first start with kind of what is our view of the world going forward in terms of price
 environment because it actually it actually does set the stage a lot around how to think about
 about some of the questions you're making, you know, a capital allocation, re-leveraging,
 evidence and the like. And one of the things that we've seen is that fundamentals do support a
 a more optimistic view around prices going forward.
 You might recall that in the plan that we're actually executing right now, our price assumption
 for this year was around $45 per barrel.
 Next year we were looking at $50 per barrel and that's something that we have been reflecting
 on and that we are going to update in our plans going forward.
 So the outlook in which we are planning ahead is one where next year is at $63 per barrel
 and $23,000 and $24,000 are at $60,000.
 If this price still is still conservative, still conservative, when you look at the current
 you know, a headline price, but we believe that it kind of position us as well in a place
 where we can retain our capital discipline, capital and cost discipline, while at the
 at the same time, making sure that we don't leave opportunities on the table.
 The broader conversation around long-term price in this business, we still remain conservative.
 We believe that all our projects need to fly at $50 per barrel, and that's in a view
 that when you look at the majority of our projects and the time-to-market
 projects, you're looking at the long run.
 So that's how we're thinking about this, right?
 So with that in mind, what are we looking at?
 We're looking at, firstly, in terms of your question about our own leverage, the 2.5 times
 a growth step to evict the season that we have been operating is one that seems visible,
 right?
 and it continues to be reasonable when you look ahead.
 What is the balance that we want to have?
 Vanessa, we want to have each one where we have a bit of space there to encourage that
 whether it's for inorganic opportunities that might arise and also to capture or to reflect
 in our consolidated balance sheet, the leverage that ISA might have given that
 they're sealing is 4.5 times gross debt to evidence.
 that important and leverage is an engine of growth for Issa. Issa has a pipeline of opportunities
 is going forward that is very attractive.
 The more we look at it, the more excited we are.
 We definitely don't want capital to be a constraint for ISAS growth, right?
 So we are comfortable with that range that they're operating in.
 It's 3.5 to 4.5 times.
 And we will...
 We wouldn't have any problem with this at going to the very top end of that range.
 Okay.
 So with that, our range of 2.5 kind of makes sense.
 that's how we're looking at this.
 Now, on leverage, we're not going to stay put, we just had this liability management
 transaction, we put two billion off our, if you will, of the near term, it was an expiry
 that we were going to have in 2023.
 Now we kick that off into the future
 and we intend to do that more.
 We believe that the fundamentals of the capital markets right now and the result of static
 like a controller are delivering, allow us to pursue more transactions like that into
 of the future.
 So direct to you that's how we're thinking about that.
 With regards to dividend payments, do you know our policy?
 Our policy remains unchanged, 40% to 60%, and income, and in good years, you should expect
 And we all should expect to be on the very high end of that range.
 That's how we're thinking ahead.
 That's how we're planning our cash and our capital accordingly.
 Equity offered.
 We're the state...
 offering to fit in into all of this.
 It's about optionality.
 It's about optionality, Christian.
 The idea here is that, while our spending is robust and we're comfortable with leverage
 We're comfortable with our ability to fund these topics for growth, which is our main
 We want to continue growing the company.
 We believe that the equity offering offers the optionality to support whether it's an
 increased necessity of capex, you know, or that's competitive, whether it's organic
 or inorganic or simply to strengthen the balance sheet.
 Directionally, right now, it would be about strengthening the balance sheet.
 It will be about reducing the depth that we have to get into a more comfortable level.
 Finally, with regards to your question around Roche, you might have seen that we posted
 a pretty solid road to resolve their hunt district.
 Thank you.
 which is great, you know, going back to double digits, it's a number that puts us in with
 very little company in our sector, very, very few companies are up there with us and we're
 happy about that. When you include E-sine equation, E-sine is a creative with E-sine
 or actually EESA will probably add,
 Once you normalize temporary effects and the light
 because of the second solidation that you're seeing right now,
 only reflects one month, but once you normalize for it, if you will, business
 as usual with Issa. Issa is going to add probably four or five points into that. So I would
 believe that hopefully by here and we're going to be above 12% in terms of
 road to become sustained that into the future.
 Obviously, depending on price, but that's what we believe in right now.
 Thank you. We have no further questions at this time.
 I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bayon for final remarks.
 Thank you so much, and very, very quickly, I'd just like to thank everyone for being
 here today at the conference call. And, thanks again for following Ecopetrol for the interest
 that you put into our activities
 and how we continue to make progress.
 Very good results for the quarter.
 Very good results, not only in terms of numbers,
 but in terms of how strategically we continue to advance.
 It's great to have now one month of ESA results
 into our consolidated salt, they're very, very pleased with the acquisition, it's going
 very well.
 We continue to make progress in our TESG agenda and hopefully we'll be able to sit again with
 you guys virtually, and we saw some conversations around our plans going forward, so I hope
 I hope that everybody stays safe,
 you.
 Stay here.
 Thanks again for being with us today at this conference call.
 Bye-bye. Ciao. Gracias.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 This concludes today's conference.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now disconnect.