 Welcome to Echo Patrol's Earnings Conference Call, in which we will discuss the main financial and operational results for the third quarter 2021.
 All lines have been muted.
 There will be a Q&A session at the end of the presentation.
 Before we begin, it is important to mention that the comments in this call by Echo Patrol Senior Management
 include projections of the company's future performance.
 These projections do not constitute any commitment as to future results, nor do they take into
 account risks or uncertainties that could materialize. As a result, Ecopetrol assumes
 no responsibility in the event that future results are different from the projections
 sharing this conference call.
 The call will be led by Mr. Felipe Bayon, CEO of Ecopetrol.
 Alberto Consuegra, COO, and Jaime Caballero, CFO.
 Thank you for your attention.
 Mr. Bayou, you may begin your conference.
 Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 During this quarter, we continue to deliver record results.
 As of September, we are now consolidating Interconexión Eléctrica CSA, ISA's financial statement.
 We generated revenues of 23.3 trillion pesos
 an EBITDA of 10.4 trillion pesos, a net income of 3.8 trillion pesos.
 These results highlight our successful commercial strategy, which has allowed us to capture
 the favorable conditions of international crude oil prices.
 We achieved important progress in our strategic agenda with the accomplishment of milestones such as the following.
 the closing of ESA's acquisition and the first consolidation of its financial results
 into the results of the Ecopetrol Group, materializing this transformational stepping
 our energy transition and decarbonization program.
 Our first liability management transaction for $2 billion through the issuance of 10-year notes and 30-year bonds to partially prepay the loan disbursed to finance ISA's acquisition.
 the authorization granted by the Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia
 to subscribe to the program for the issue
 ones and placement of common stocks, enabling
 Ecopetrol during five years
 to execute simultaneous issuance within the local and international markets providing
 flexibility and opportunity in our capital structure strategy.
 And now, more than 86% of our employees have completed their immunization against COVID-19.
 Let's move on to the next slide.
 with the acquisition of the controlling stake in ESA.
 The Ecopetrol Group turns into a leading company in the energy sector of the region,
 participating across the hydrocarbon value chain, energy transmission, renewable energy
 self-generation, and infrastructure.
 After the closing of the transaction, our efforts have been focused on ensuring compliance
 with legal and regulatory requirements related with accounting consolidation,
 reporting, and financial planning.
 We have made progress in matters regarding corporate governance, such as the election of ISA's new Board of Directors, following its AGM held on October 22nd.
 The new composition of the board will allow Ecopetrol to exercise as a controlling party over the company.
 Also, I would like to highlight that for market reporting purposes,
 ESA's financial results are now incorporated as a new business line in addition to the existing business segments.
 ESA will maintain its value promise and independence as we have done with the rest of our subsidiaries.
 PISA will bring to the table experience and knowledge that will boost new growth opportunities.
 We are progressing a gradual integration process led by the Transition Management Office, a multidisciplinary team from both companies.
 This process involves mutual and detailed knowledge between both companies, understanding
 of both business models and the construction of a shared vision.
 After having consolidated an orderly transition, we'll pursue opportunities that allow accelerating the capture of value from our investments.
 We see potential synergies in opportunities such as energy and fuel storage,
 development of new and additional renewable energy projects,
 generation and commercialization of energy in other countries,
 and growth opportunities in the hydrocarbon business
 in geographies where ESA already operates.
 I will now pass on the floor to Alberto Consuegra, who will elaborate on the main operating
 results for this quarter.
 Thank you, Felipe.
 I will start by highlighting the discovery of hydrocarbons after drilling the exploratory well Lydia YW-12,
 which confirmed the presence of gas and 49-degree API light oil
 in a new structure near the Cupiagos field,
 a milestone that sets the company's exploratory reactivation in Tía de Monte,
 where Ecopetrol is the operator.
 We also highlight the commerciality of Buranda and Flamenco Swan discoveries, which are part
 of the Near Field Exploration Strategy, which seeks production and reserves incorporation
 in the short term.
 These coverings are located in Santander Department and have produced about 94,000 barrels of crude oil for Ecopetrol's share during the testing stage between January and September of the current year.
 We continue our international exploratory strategy.
 During the 17th round of the Brazilian Oil and Gas Agency,
 the consortium between Ecopetrol Brazil and Shell
 acquired the SM-1709 block located in the Santos Basin,
 expanding the portfolios among highest potential areas with competitive break-evens close to $40 per barrel.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 The quarterly production was 683,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 22,700 more than
 the volume achieved in the second quarter.
 Despite achieving the production stabilization of the fields affected by blockages and also increasing gas sales,
 milestones of the plan previously announced, there were two
 climate events during the quarter that limited an additional recovery in the growth of our production.
 abroad, the hurricane season
 and the Gulf of Mexico caused the closure of wells, and in Colombia, the rainy season
 caused landslides, which affected the
 Premier Oriente gas pipeline, as well as the flooding of the
 karikari field, causing its temporary closure for 20 days.
 Other weather impacts were related to increasing power outages.
 These events impacted production in and around 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
 For the fourth quarter, we expect a production around 700,000 barrels of oil equivalent per
 day, mainly leveraged in the
 drilling of between 110 and 130 wells, the reactivation of the
 Premier Oriente gas pipeline and the continuity of the operation
 of denarii assets, which we received on November 4th, after ending the association contract
 adding an average of 7,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
 However, some risks associated with climate and public order issues remain and could affect production levels.
 gas and LPG contributed
 21% to total production.
 highlighting the signing of the Santiago de las Atalayas
 Gas Explotation and Exploration Agreement with the National Hydrocarbons Agency,
 which allowed the beginning of pre-drilling activities in two new wells in the Piedemontes area.
 Given the effects on gas production due to maintenance and climatic events, a commercial strategy was developed to guarantee gas supply nationwide along with the Ministry of Mines and Energy and market agents through the signing of contingency contracts.
 On the social front, new gas and LPG connections have been made, allowing near 5,000 new families
 from Strata 1 and 2 to have this service and improve their quality of life between January
 and September. Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 2021 has been a challenging year in terms of production due to all the factors that
 we have revealed throughout the year, which have mainly affected the basic curve.
 Resuming activity on our wells
 generated higher levels of water versus soil content with a gradual stabilization.
 The pandemic and public order situations affected our projects in terms of supply chain, delivery
 deadlines and execution.
 This has been partially upset by the implementation of initiatives such as anticipation of 2022
 work fronts and strengthening of our commercial gas strategy, with which we expect to restore
 our growth path.
 Given all the above, projected production levels for 2021 would be around 680,000 barrels
 of oil equivalent per day.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 On unconventionals, we highlight that on July 8th, the first territorial dialogue was held
 for the Platero Comprehensive Research Pilot Project.
 And on October 29th, an environmental impact study was filed requesting approval of the
 license for the drilling of Calais.
 in parallel, progress
 is being made in the documentation of Platero's environmental study
 in synergy with what has been filed for Calais.
 In August, a public survey was carried out by the National Consulting Center
 in the area of influence of the pilots,
 evidencing a positive change in perception among communities
 regarding the industry and the unconventional pilots.
 Ecopetrol being the oil company that generates the most confidence.
 In September, Ecopatrol started the operation of a mobile environmental laboratory for the
 Magdalena-Medio region so that communities have a better knowledge of the environmental
 variables present in their surroundings and that will allow, once the pilot starts, to
 monitor their behavior abroad,
 Permian reached a gross production level for Ecopetrol of 24,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter.
 evidencing the ramp-up of unconventional
 with a cumulative EBITDA margin of 83%.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 The transported volume of refined products increased 63,000 barrels per day
 compared to the third quarter of 2020, thanks to the recovery of local demand, mainly the
 Galan-Sevastopol Trench by supplying the large consumption areas of the country. On the other
 hand, the volume of crude oil transported decreased by 30,000 barrels per day compared
 to the same quarter of last year as a result of lower production driven by the previously
 mentioned causes. In order to secure the evacuation of the Caño Limón field,
 11 reversa cycles of the Bicentenario pipeline were carried out.
 Finally, I want to mention that the conciliation agreement between Frontera, Senate, and Bicentenario
 was approved by the Administrative
 Tribunal of Cundinamarca to solve the existing disputes regarding the transportation of crude
 oil in Colombia.
 As a result of the conciliation, Frontera will recognize to Senate and Bicentenario the
 outstanding obligations on the
 their agreements as of December 31st, 2019.
 From Montera, we'll transfer to Senate.
 its 43.03% interest in Bicentenario
 and will transfer to Bicentenario
 of dependent dividends, the funds deposited in a trust as guarantee for one of the disputes,
 The advance payments from prior years and the Bicentenario Pipeline line feel that they have.
 As part of the agreement, Frontera will recognize to Bicentenario a portion of Bicentenario's
 syndicate loan in the amount of 438 billion pesos.
 Additionally,
 Sanitam Bicentenarius signed
 new ship-for-pay agreements with Frontera
 allowing them to receive additional revenues for the payment of obligations
 included in the conciliation for a value of up to $92 million,
 subject to adjustment as per the value of the line fill.
 Likewise, ODL, a Senate subsidiary, obtained the execution with Frontera of a new ship
 for Pay agreement, which shall allow OGL to receive additional income up to $55.5 million.
 The financial impacts of the transaction correspond to the total recovery of outstanding debt
 as of December 31, 2019, for a value of 729 billion pesos.
 The one-time impact on EBITDA will be approximately 700 billion pesos, which will be reflected
 in the figures for the fourth quarter of this year.
 Additionally, financial revenues for approximately 41 billion pesos will be received due to the
 effect of default interest and returns on trust funds.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 We achieved an accumulated EBITDA record result as of September of $2.35 trillion thanks
 to selling of inventories and benefit from market prices
 at Barra and Cabermeja Refinery,
 essencias, commercial strategies, and an infercultuous increase in natural gas sales, which contribute
 to mitigate impacts derived from operational challenges
 and keeping the cash cost of the segment under control.
 Additionally, we are pleased to inform you that you will be able to access the information
 that we achieve the delivery of gasoline
 at 50 parts per million contemplated by regulation for January 2022.
 The integrated gross margin of the refineries remained at pre-pandemic levels, despite having
 a more expensive diet because the recovery of brand price, a challenging scenario for
 the realization of valuable products, especially in the Cartagena refinery, due to the discount
 on export diesel and the scheduled maintenance of the petrochemical train and the alkylation
 unit at the Barran Cabermeja refinery.
 The consolidated throughput in September was above 365,000 barrels per day,
 exceeding the throughput restrictions on the refineries
 affected by public order events at Caño Limón-Coveña's oil pipeline,
 an electrical contingency
 presented in August and corrective maintenance planned in the catalytic cracking unit at
 Cartagena's Refinery. These events
 had an EBITDA impact of 121 billion pesos.
 A shutdown plan is being implemented with the purpose of improving the reliability of
 the refineries, which will take the operational availability from 92.5% in 2019 to 94.2% in 2021
 and up to international reference levels above the 96% in 2024.
 Four, other scheduled maintenance for the flare in Plants 1 and 2 in Essentia will be occurring.
 Let's move on to the next slide, please.
 At the end of third quarter, we have delivered deficiencies close to 1.8 trillion pesos,
 highlighting a reduction of the dilution factor, energy efficiency, and savings obtained with the renewable energies.
 The total unit cost accrued to September increased $10.3 per barrel
 as compared to the same period in 2020, mainly due to higher purchase and import costs
 associated with higher
 brand prices. On the other hand,
 the cumulative lifting cost to September increased $0.87 per barrel
 as compared to the same period in 2020, reaching $8 per barrel.
 Such anticipated increase is due to greater numbers of well interventions, the execution
 of process safety and integrity work included in the plan, as well as increasing the cost
 of oil services due to industry
 inflation. By the end of the year, we expect to have a lifting cost in the order of $8.5
 dollars per barrel.
 The cost per barrel
 transported showed a slight decrease as compared to the same period in 2020, reaching $2.9 per
 barrel. Thanks to the control of
 variable cost given the lower volumes transported.
 The refining cash cost accumulated to September showed a downward trend as compared to previous years,
 correlated to gas composition and its supply chain.
 I will open the floor to Jaime Caballero, who will talk to you about the main financial
 results of the
 patrol group.
 Thanks, Alberto.
 during the nine months
 ended in september 2021 ecopatrol's net income reached 10.6 trillion pesos exceeding more than
 nine times the result obtained during the same period of the previous year.
 This increase is mainly explained by a higher EBITDA generation of 15.5 trillion pesos,
 where the following factors stand out.
 A positive net effect of 13 trillion pesos due to realization prices, higher crude oil spreads, and foreign exchange increase for purchases and sales.
 A positive valuation of inventories for 4.2 trillion pesos related to market prices and
 and increasing shifts in transit to India and the U.S.
 given the new delivery at place commercial strategy
 and the consolidation of 100% of ISIS EBITDA,
 4.7 trillion pesos,
 corresponding to
 one month of operation after closing the acquisition.
 The above was partially offset by lower volume of purchases and sales for 1.5 trillion pesos,
 Affected by schedule and corrected maintenance activities within the refineries.
 higher operating activity costs for 0.6 trillion pesos
 mainly associated to maintenance and higher materials consumption
 as a result of the economic reactivation,
 and other effects in the EBITDA
 for 0.4 trillion pesos, mainly related to the increase in
 its productory expenses,
 recognition of public work provisions and environmental provisions, among other aspects.
 Likewise, the year-to-date includes the impact of three non-operational items.
 The non-recurring positive effect of $0.4 trillion recognized in January for the divestment of Savia, Peru.
 a negative variation from other non-cash items for $1.8 trillion,
 including foreign exchange effect, depreciation, taxes, financial expenses
 and eases non-controlling interest for $0.7 trillion and $1 trillion in other subsidiaries
 and increase in the income tax provision as a result of higher financial results
 and related to the deferred tax restatement for 36 billion pesos.
 after implementing the new rate established by the tax reform in Colombia from 30% to 35%.
 These results show a clear continuity of the favorable trend in the company's financial
 results.
 Please turn to the next slide to see ESA's main financial results.
 For the third quarter, and the nine months ended on September 2021,
 ESA's EBITDA continues its growth trend, increasing 5.8% and 5.2% respectively, as
 compared to the same periods in 2020.
 due to the application of the rates from the tax reform in Colombia.
 In the absence of these impacts,
 ESA's net income for the quarter would have been $541 billion and $1.6 trillion year-to-date.
 date.
 ESA's consolidation in the Ecopetrol Group is carried out through a business combination
 of controlled businesses as defined in IFRS 3.
 A new segment has been established to incorporate ISA's stand-alone results starting September
 and the expenses related to the debt raised to complete the acquisition.
 ISA's contribution is material for the Co-Petrol Group, and it will be progressively incorporated over the next accounting period.
 When normalizing the consolidation for the nine months ended in September,
 is his contribution to the EBITDA
 would have been 5.3 trillion
 representing about 19% of the total.
 The net income contribution would have been P0.6 trillion and P0.8 trillion excluding
 the non-recurring events mentioned above.
 consolidation, assets and liabilities
 of the Acobatrol Group increased by 82 and 55 trillion pesos, respectively.
 total every
 increase by 27 trillion pesos
 reflecting the concept of non-controlling interest associated to ESA.
 The values of assets, liabilities, and non-controlling interests, as well as goodwill, are preliminary
 and will be updated to final amounts by the end of the year.
 Please turn to the next slide to see the main financial KPIs.
 Cumulative financial indicators year-to-date reaffirm Ecopatrol's ability to capture the favorable price environment, as well as the initial benefits from ESA after consolidating the first month of its operations since the acquisition.
 In the oil and gas business, it's worth to highlight the EBITDA per barrel that reached record levels of $40.2 per barrel
 and quality results of $40.1 per barrel.
 These levels compare very favorably with other industry peers.
 Net income break-even continues to improve as compared to the end of 2020
 and the same period of the previous year, reaching $34.8 per barrel,
 thanks to the recovery of product spreads and higher throughput in the refineries.
 Regarding ESA's results, it is worth to highlight the EBITDA margin,
 Excluding construction, that was 77.7%, aligned with 2020.
 ISA's return on equity for the quarter was affected by the liability management transaction
 effect that did not impact the group
 results due to the extent that
 corresponds to an event prior to the acquisition
 And therefore, it was registered as equity.
 Year-to-date, the margin for the ecopatrol group was 46.7%.
 among the highest levels historically, surpassing pre-pandemic levels.
 The leverage ratio of the ecopatrol group is similar to 20-20 levels when incorporating
 eases debt and one month EBITDA.
 normalizing with Issa de Vesda for the last 12 months
 the indicator would have been 2.4 times.
 Please turn to the following slide to see the main highlights of the commercial strategy and its contribution to the financial results.
 The commercial strategy has been fundamental to the successful capture of value in the current environment.
 The stable quality of our blends, supply reliability, and contractual flexibility are fundamental
 As of September 2021, the realization prize of our crude oil basket
 increased from representing 76 percent to 94 percent as compared to the average
 Brent price for the same period in 2020.
 It is worth highlighting the increase in barrels delivered to destinations such as South Korea,
 India, Brunei, Sweden, and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, going from 17% in 3Q 2020 to 37.5% in 3Q 2021 in biometric terms.
 This strategy has allowed a higher commercial margin as compared to shipments sold and delivered at the Covena port.
 Likewise, we continued to maximize the value of crude oil and products
 through asset-backed trading strategies
 with an incremental benefit of $47 million by the end of September.
 almost twice the amount achieved during full year 2020.
 We estimate that so far this year, the commercial effort has contributed around $339 million,
 dollars equivalent to a dollar and 19 cents per barrel to the ecopatrols group EBITDA as a result of
 export strategies, purchase of new crudes from the refineries, benefits from using our
 and savings from energy efficiencies, among others.
 Sales of gas and LPG, a key element of the strategy, contributed almost $15 per barrel to the
 EBITDA, proving the relevance of this product within the company's results.
 Let's turn to the next slide, please.
 Organic investment as of N3Q amounted to nearly $2.2 billion, showing an important recovery
 versus the previous year.
 Despite global supply chain disruptions,
 public unrest in certain areas of our operation and longer regulatory permitting lead times.
 The upstream segment accounted for 77% of total organic CAPEX,
 with a focus on increasing production and reserves,
 while 23% went to the midstream, downstream, and corporate segments.
 By the end of the year, we expect to invest between $3.3 and $3.5 billion.
 dollars. CapEx execution for the fourth quarter will be focused on an increase in drilling rigs
 Directly operated by Hikopetrol.
 Securing the arrival of materials with supply delays
 boosting activity in Permian, Ecopetrol, America, and Ocol, and an increase in activity in the refineries.
 As for ESA's CAPEX, its cumulative execution as of September was $946 million,
 dollars, mainly allocated
 to the progress in the construction of energy transmission
 projects in the countries where the company operates.
 ESA estimates a year-end execution of circa $1.2 billion.
 Please turn to the next slide to review the company's cash flow.
 Cash balance for the third quarter was 13.1 trillion pesos, with the operating cash flow adding 11.5 trillion pesos.
 ISA contributed
 $6 trillion pesos to the cash balance, and $0.5 trillion to the operating cash flow, respectively.
 The investment component for the year presented an outflow of 8.8 trillion pesos related to CAPEX.
 The financing component, excluding ESA acquisition,
 registered an outflow of 2.8 trillion pesos for principal and interest payments.
 During 2021, dividends for $1.4 trillion have been paid to Ecopetrol shareholders and to non-controlling shareholders of its subsidiaries.
 Final cash balance considers cash and cash equivalents for 10.1 trillion pesos and a short-term investment portfolio of 3 trillion pesos.
 The Ecopetrol's group cash composition is 64% dollar-based and 36% Colombian peso-based.
 This cash balance does not include the account receivable from the Full Price Stabilization Fund, FEPEC for its Spanish acronym, which at the end of 3Q amounts to 7.2 trillion pesos.
 It is worth mentioning that the recently approved general budget of the Republic of
 includes a specific provision of 2.7 trillion pesos for the recognition of this item,
 additional budgetary mechanisms
 to address the remaining amounts.
 to the next slide. Finally, we would like to highlight the completion of our
 first external liability management transaction for two billion dollars by
 which we partially refinance
 the $3.7 billion loan associated with the ISA acquisition.
 This transaction optimizes the debt maturity profile of the Ecopetrol Group with market rates at historically low levels since 2014.
 The transaction had a robust demand from around 270 investors from different geographies globally.
 with individual bids of up to $470 million,
 Evidencing the confidence in the Co-Patrol's financial strength.
 This transaction, in addition to the approval of the program to issue common stock in Colombia
 by the Superintendency of Finance
 provides flexibility and access
 to different sources of debt and equity financing.
 with the objective to continue optimizing the maturity profile
 and to fund the energy transition strategy of the company.
 Now I hand over to the CEO for closing remarks.
 Thank you, Jaime.
 We continue to move forward on each of the pillars of our TESG strategy.
 On the environmental side, we particularly highlight achievements in our renewable energy projects.
 With the entry into operation of the San Fernando solar farm that is located in the metal department,
 we have now an additional install capacity of 61 megawatts that will supply part of the energy demand for both Ecopetrol and CENIC operations.
 It will also help us to avoid emissions for more than 508,000 tons of CO2 equivalent
 during the next 15 years
 and will contribute to the group's decarbonization plan.
 All this in addition to over 21,000 tons of CO2 emissions
 that have already been avoided by the Castilla solar farm
 in its first two years of operation since October 2019.
 During such period, we have also saved with the Castilla Solar Farm some $2 million in operational costs.
 With San Fernando, the group's current capacity on renewable energy stands at 112 megawatts.
 Likewise, Ecopetrol also inaugurated the gas-based self-generation plant in Chichimene
 that will avoid emissions of some 44,000 tons of CO2 each year
 And we'll supply part of the energy required by the Chichimene, API, CP09, and Castilla
 fields all located in the meta
 department.
 In terms of
 hydrogen, we highlight the active participation of Ecopetrol as one of the key players in the
 construction of Colombia's hydrogen roadmap
 aimed at developing this energy source for the country.
 On the other hand, we recently joined the group of the Task Force on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures, TNFD, to help develop a reporting framework for nature-related risk and opportunities, as well as mitigating negative impacts on the environment.
 Last week, we participated in COP26 in Glasgow as one of the organizations representing Colombia.
 In addition to discussing actions that allow to mitigate climate change impact, we met
 with different leading organizations to explore potential alliances in the development of
 several opportunities on our road to net zero and energy transition roadmaps.
 Regarding technology, I want to highlight the capture of some $36 million year-to-date of benefits from our digital transformation agenda.
 Also, the award of the Sustainable Development Goals,
 good practices led by the global
 conflict of the UN
 to our open innovation program
 a hundred times a hundred.
 In the social dimension,
 Ecopetrol achieved the Equipares Silver Seal, a certification with a 98.47% score,
 which gives us now five companies in the group that have
 favorable processes for
 gender equality.
 Let's move on now to the conclusions.
 During the quarter, we achieved significant progress towards energy transition, such as
 the closing of the ESA acquisition, setting a milestone in the history of the country
 and for both companies, providing the opportunity to consolidate the EcoPetrol Group as a new
 leading energy company with greater capacity to continue generating sustainable value.
 We continue delivering strong financial results to our shareholders and our groups of interest.
 We will keep consolidating our integrated strategy, maintaining the focus on the core business while moving forward in the pillars of energy transition.
 Thanks to everyone for participating today in the call.
 And now I will open up for the Q&A session.
 Thank you.
 At this time, I would like to remind everyone, in order to ask a question, simply press star
 and then one on your telephone keypad.
 If you would like to withdraw your question, please press the pound key.
 We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster.
 Okay.
 We have a question from Gilaire Levy from Morgan Stanley.
 Hanley?
 Hi.
 hello everyone
 thank you for taking my questions
 I have two questions
 the first one is the
 lifting costs.
 So I just wanted to understand your expectations for this line going forward
 when we consider both recovering production
 and higher oil prices that are expected to remain into the next quarters.
 if we should continue to expect lifting costs
 It's close to the $8 per DOE range.
 and if the company is already seeing some level
 of industry cost inflation.
 And then the second question is on the production expectations for 2022.
 it's you. I just wanted
 to feature bringing
 and try to understand what sort of projects can be anticipated
 at the current oil price environment.
 and also how much
 the
 shale JV in the U.S. could contribute to the group in this strong oil price environment.
 Thank you very much.
 Guillermo, thanks, and thanks for participating today in the conference call.
 So I'll give you some context, and then I'll ask Alberto to provide more detail.
 first around lifting costs
 and then around production.
 So, the first thing around lifting costs, if you look at where we ended up on 3Q, around
 eight dollars per barrel
 we're signaling that the year
 should end up in around
 or at around eight and a half dollars per barrel.
 and for next year
 the range should be around $9.50 to $10 per barrel.
 So that's sort of the expectation.
 So clearly, we see there will be an increment or an increase in terms of the lifting costs.
 Alberto will provide detail around levels of activity and also some of the pressures we're seeing from some of the first increases in terms of sector inflation and particularly around some materials and the like.
 So he'll talk about that.
 In terms of production, I'll share my view with you,
 and then, again, Alberto will provide some detail.
 But if you look at what has happened this year, we started at 1Q at 676.
 We went down to 661 in 2Q and up to 684 in 3Q.
 So there's her recovery.
 We're seeing recovery from some of the issues, operational issues that we had in GQ,
 especially with the production of water
 and some other issues
 and some of the blockages and stoppages and civil unrest in the country.
 We expect that in 4Q, we will be at around 700,000 barrels.
 The way I would describe it is that we're seeing recovery.
 there's a clear path of recovery
 but it's taking longer
 than what we had anticipated.
 so that
 I think that's message number one.
 We're currently working on the numbers for 2022.
 we don't have a number yet in terms of where we
 We'll be right back.
 Conference Center. Please be prepared to provide the confirmation number or host and company of the conference you wish to attend. Please stand by and an operator will be with you shortly.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for waiting.
 confirmation number for your call.
 Thank you.
 Your name, please.
 We'll be right back.
 Thank you.
 So here's your question, Bastas, in the core business.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Matthew.
 And I'll start with Isa, and then I'll hand over to Walter to talk about the downstream.
 so in terms of
 quizá
 I want to provide a bit of context.
 We have something called the TMO, the Transition Management Office.
 It's basically comprised of some 80 people, roughly half and half from each of the organizations,
 has been working
 for some months now
 and for the last
 two and a half months
 since we closed the deal on the 20th of August,
 A dedicated team has been focused on the premise, on premises, maybe, working on some 10 to 12 streams of work, maybe.
 So there's different things, you know, and we've talked about the legal, the regulatory, the financial consolidation.
 So we're working now on things like budget and planning purposes.
 and so there's a lot of work
 And that's actually going quite well in terms of Jaime and myself joining the board.
 that's already happened.
 So I just wanted to provide sort of the high-level context in terms of where we are.
 So things that we're looking at.
 And there's some very tactical, pragmatical things that we're looking at.
 So, for example,
 a
 in a lot of the
 things in which we operate
 For example, on a digital, we have a lot of synergies and opportunities because we use the same providers, you know, and we can share some of the conditions and some of the favorable conditions that Ecopetrol has on contracting some of the services.
 those can be passed through too easily.
 So that's no hanging fruit very early on.
 those things have identified.
 And there's some ongoing work between the teams around things like innovation and technology, very important.
 So things like, when you mentioned power generation, so in Colombia, by the current
 existing regulation
 Since we are in transmission, we would not be allowed to enter the power generation market
 to sell to third parties.
 So that's the current sort of regulatory framework in Colombia.
 Having said that, there's opportunities in the other countries where we now have a presence.
 So that's point number one.
 But in terms of things like additional renewable, power generation projects from renewable sources,
 There's a lot of opportunity, both in-country and outside, in terms of energy storage, which is fundamental as we think about the transition and sort of ensuring that there's reliability in terms of the provision of electricity, you know, to the consumers.
 even in things like
 hydrogening, things like
 low emission energy.
 So the teams are actually working on that.
 So we're very enthusiastic, I would say, in terms of the new opportunities.
 And there's a lot of things that are coming up from those conversations.
 And what we'd like to do, Matthew, is that as soon or as long as we're progressing and advancing, we'll continue to communicate, you know, in terms of where we are, how we've landed some of those opportunities.
 but I would end up saying
 here before heading on to Wasdeb,
 is that
 I don't think we fully understand the potential that we can unlock
 in terms of the transaction that we've done
 and the opportunities going forward.
 So, Walter, why don't we move into the downstream to talk a little bit more about the margins and what we see going forward.
 Thank you, Felipe. Thank you, Felipe.
 and thank you, Matthew, for your question on the downturn business.
 I will start mentioning that, as you saw on the slide,
 and it was covered by Alberto
 that
 as of September
 we have accumulated a record beta of 2.3 billion pesos for the segment.
 So this is mainly coming from excellent results in the second quarter.
 Regarding the search quota, important to mention that we started around July and August
 Plan activities at the Barranca Bermeja refinery, mainly in the
 calculation unit, and the petrochemical business, those activities at Barranca will continue.
 so those
 has already been completed
 Although at the Barranca Bermeja, we are progressing right now, maintenance,
 mayor maintenance on the
 crew unit and on the FCC.
 In the case of Cartagena, the results of the third quarter were impacted by the blackout
 event that we had in
 August
 and also
 maintenance that we needed to do
 at the FCC unit
 in August and finish in the middle of
 September.
 So,
 at the Cartagena
 refinery, those were one-time
 events, both of them,
 And, you know, the refinery, we are recovered for those events
 and is running close to full rate right now.
 And at the Cartagena Refinery, we are projecting the fourth quarter.
 we are not projecting to have a plan
 channel around
 or big maintenance
 at the Cartagena Refund in the fourth quarter.
 So, we see Cartagena for the fourth quarter coming up in terms of margins.
 And at the Barranca, as I mentioned, we are executing the planned turnarounds of the crew
 unit of the FCC, but
 Marching for the Barranca are planned to be steady for the fourth quarter and very similar
 to do this as well.
 So,
 In overall, for the refining, we are projecting to finish 2021.
 regarding a crude rate
 We have told you that we are planning to be on the 345 to 365 KBD, and we are projecting to be on the high side of that range.
 regarding marching for
 our projection for the 2021,
 we are projecting to finish the year between both businesses, Cartagena and Barranca,
 on the upper side of the one digit.
 So, close to the $10 per barrel for 2021.
 Regarding
 in 2022
 too, I would say that we see
 margins
 coming up, although I have to mention that during the first half of the year, we do have
 plant maintenance activities
 at both refunds, at Barranca
 and Cartagena, mainly
 on the first half of the year.
 So, but in overall, in overall, we see margins, you know, there will be some ups and downs
 because that depends on what type of maintenance activities we do every month.
 But in overall, we see margin for 2022 on the, I would say, on the low side of the two
 digit for the
 refining business.
 2021 and 2022 are very heavy on turn-around activities or maintenance activities at Boca
 Foundation because most of the activities were planned for 2020, but because of COVID-19
 and pandemic, we need to move
 some of those
 maintenance for 2020
 from 2020 to 2021 and 2022.
 I hope, Matthew, I was clear and I was able to answer your question.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Vicente Falanga from Bradesco.
 Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
 thank you for taking my questions
 My first one is regarding Brazil.
 when do you expect
 the drilling of the first well there
 and sort of what are the next key milestones.
 my second question
 is regarding
 one
 conventional, do you feel
 that after we get the licenses
 for Calais and Platero that, you know, for other future potential areas,
 these licenses could come
 out quicker. And then if I just
 me, sorry, a follow-up on the previous
 question. Do you still see
 risks of public order
 in the canyon limon pipeline uh this quarter uh that that could again affect the refineries or or
 things calmer there. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Vicente, good morning and thanks for the question.
 with regards to Brazil
 what we are doing right now.
 And in terms of exploration, we are in the planning phase to drill our second well in the Saturno block, which basically is what we call the Iapetus prospect.
 and we expect to drill this
 well
 and
 late in 2022 or early 2023.
 and this will depend
 very much in our conversations
 with our partners, in that case
 Shell and Chevron.
 Also, in terms of development, just to recognize that Gato do Mato is going well and that we
 We have several milestones to complete them in the next few months.
 The first one is the award of the FPSO, the Floating Production Storage and Offloading Facility,
 initiate fabrication of the FPSO.
 Also, award the Subsea Facilities Contract.
 and depending
 in the advance
 and the progress of those activities,
 we are shooting for
 on every start
 at the end of 2025, early
 2026. That's the
 program. If we see
 opportunities to drill
 additional wealth
 That will be depending very much on decisions taken with our partners.
 So that's times where we are in Brazil.
 is active.
 with regards to PPA, the unconvention.
 so we're in the process
 As we mentioned in our report, in the process of obtaining the licenses for Calais and Padreo,
 we already
 the delivery
 the Environmental Assessment Study
 for Calais and we are
 for
 for Platera.
 So in terms of whether this will increase the potential of getting licenses for new areas,
 I will be very conservative.
 I think our focus should be in the two areas where we have, at this moment, the pilots.
 Once that we are successful in getting the licenses,
 but as well as
 the execution of the wealth
 doing the drilling of the wealth, then
 we can foresee if there are opportunities in other places.
 Alberto, I would probably just like to add
 and before you come back to
 Kaño Limonen
 and the third question is
 What we've said, Vicente, with regard to the unconventional pilots in Colombia, is that this is not about doing it quickly. It's about doing it well.
 And in that sense, and you saw some of the timelines that we produced in the report,
 We see ourselves
 driven in the world
 in 2023, but
 We're working to see if we can actually accelerate that relief, you know, and can we bring that forward into 2022.
 But bear in mind that after we have all the results and the data, there is an independent
 Commission that will look at the results of the pilots and determine if the pilots were successful
 or not. In terms of
 achieving the objectives that were set up with the regulation to the pilot.
 So we'll need to see what that means.
 Having said that, obviously, we've worked on identifying additional areas with potential
 and thinking about how can we take this
 to the next level in terms of becoming part of the operation that we do.
 You know, we now have a lot of expertise from the Korean to use under our belt.
 So that's being brought home in terms of planning and ensuring that we can understand
 how to move to the next
 phase, which if I understand
 and correct the sort of the question.
 and a better sense of anyone.
 Yeah, well, in terms of Spaniel Limon, we need to recognize that we have the pressure of social
 people.
 rest
 and
 and guerrilla activity in both the Catatumbo and the Arauca region.
 So the risk is there.
 But we have the contingency means to manage the production impact.
 if the Tanya Limon
 pipeline
 is
 social
 on this, then we have the contingent route of the Bessentenario Pipeline.
 If this is working as has been working during the third quarter,
 where we have 11 reversal cycles,
 then we shouldn't expect major impact in terms of the loads for the refineries,
 particular in
 I'll tell you a minute.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Frank McGann from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Okay. Thank you very much. Just, you know,
 maybe stepping back to a little bit bigger picture in terms of how you're
 seeing the CapEx potential in Upstream.
 After the last four or five years, which you went from having a lot of opportunities
 and being very aggressive to pulling back, rightfully so, to restore the balance sheet
 and not get overly aggressive in terms of spending
 given the less clear environment, especially, of course, over the last 18, 24 months.
 I'm just thinking, wondering now how you're thinking about Upstream.
 You've got, I would assume, a lot of kind of low-hanging fruit that you could potentially
 exploit, I would think
 you could
 Um,
 increase capex quite a bit and profitably so if if you wanted to but i'm just wondering how
 how big that portfolio is potentially also one and secondly um are you are you tempted to
 get more aggressive over the next
 couple of years. We've given the very
 favorable environment, and I think
 fairly short payback period that you have for a lot of those investments?
 Thanks, Frank.
 and great question
 and I think
 I'll provide you some views, and then Jaime can add up and Alberto as well,
 and the team can sort of
 basically complete the views, but
 The way I would put it, I like your intro to the question in terms of us being explicitly very careful with the management of the balance sheets and the opportunities.
 and if you look at
 how we've
 ramped up CapEx over the last
 a few years
 Basically, $2.2 billion in 2017 to $2.9 billion in 2018 to $3.5 billion in 2019 will be in that range this year.
 And I was answering a question earlier, saying that we see ourselves in the $4 to $5 billion range, organic, excluding ESA.
 And historically, 80% to 85% of the Catholics have gone to the upstream.
 so we're not going to abandon that
 there will be
 additional focus
 terms of exploration and this goes from a looking at seismic that we already have
 and doing the reinterpretation of that seismic
 with new technology and new capabilities.
 So that's point number one.
 And I think the news that we gave the market share during the week with the media,
 yay W well
 which is the discovery of a no-peel
 show that
 I'm
 sort of
 adjusting our view on exploration
 is paying off
 And I think that's very important.
 This year, we'll end up with some 400 wells in our portfolio that we've drilled development wells.
 We should probably see an increase in that, and that's the way you can think about it.
 If you look at geographically, we have very good activity in the Permian,
 and it's staying off.
 It's not only providing molecules or barrels, but it's also producing good EBGAP, you know,
 and we'll be able to talk that when we close the year and the length.
 So a lot of focus in Colombia, but we do have focus in both the Permian
 And Alberto was just referring to Gato do Mato in Brazil.
 that will require some additional
 CAPEX
 But clearly, focus in Colombia where EOR techniques, increasing recovery factors are
 fundamental. We have to deal
 with a 15 to 17 decline, natural decline per year in our main fields.
 The good news, I think,
 tail wings are healthy
 We've done a lot of work over the last four or five years
 in terms of efficiencies, in terms of becoming much better
 in terms of producing margins, you know, at the upstream level.
 So I think that's paying off.
 Having said that, then we had, I think, a good discussion earlier on about sector information
 and some of the things that we're doing.
 But again, this is that zero-phase budgeting, and something called Performance Plus, which
 is an internal program to look at more efficiencies, I think can provide a lot of support in terms
 of how we see ourselves going forward.
 we have a
 I can divide lots of opportunities.
 we have something called
 the taxonomy, so we know which each and every opportunity that we have in the pipeline ranks
 up, but
 And I'll stop here.
 we don't want to get crazy you know in terms of spending money just for the sake of spending money
 We want to stay very focused on discipline in terms of how do we deploy the CAPEX in the operations.
 And Jaime, if you want to add something else for Alberto,
 that I'll pay.
 Thank you, Felipe.
 So, Frank, good to hear you.
 I'll give you some color, and initially I'm going to give you some broad group numbers that provide context for the conversation and then some directional numbers associated to the plan which we're working on.
 I think the biggest headline is that as we look to refresh the plan,
 22,
 and in the context of a higher-priced environment
 And in the context, of course, of the production lag that we've seen this year,
 clearly are
 strategic intent
 is to increase production, right?
 So, directionally, what we want to do with the Office TV is to increase production.
 And the good news is that the result of the portfolio analysis
 that we've been having over the last few months
 is one that indicates a stronger portfolio with more prospects,
 with more possibilities and therefore with more value, right?
 To give you an idea, you know, this year's plan compared to last year's plan speaks about maturing around 1.5 billion barrels of resources, of 3P resources, right?
 That's the extent of the total portfolio.
 But last, when we were looking at this number,
 18 months ago
 It was more in the 1.1 kind of range.
 So we've actually seen a bigger portfolio to work with.
 The second thing that we're seeing is that in the context of the full agenda
 of performance plus
 and efficiencies and becoming more competitive and the like.
 We're also seeing improved break-evens and, therefore, more value associated to the portfolio.
 So, directionally, a portfolio that maybe a couple of years ago was worth, and I'm talking about the growth component of a portfolio, around $6 billion in NPV, it's now around $9 billion in NPV.
 So where I'm trying to go here is that there's value to be had, and we want to chase that value.
 obviously in a distinct way
 like Felipe mentioned
 in a structured way but
 but there's value to be created.
 When you look at the ramp-up of activity, the ramp-up of activity that we expect to have this year, it's significant.
 we're talking about
 directionally around 540
 development wells next year
 around 600
 work over a
 workovers around
 anywhere between 25 and 30 exploration wells and i'm going back into seismic so this is
 This is, you know, the opportunities are there and they're sufficiently mature.
 Let me give you a statistic here.
 All these numbers that I'm quoting, about 67% of the activity said it's already in its third or fourth stage of maturing.
 So they're things that are reasonably good to go, and it gives us confidence that we're going to be able to execute them next year.
 So kind of that's where we're going.
 when you look at that number that Felipe
 mentioned
 of between $4 billion and $5 billion of organic capex.
 I would say that upstream, as usual, will represent a big chunk of that.
 When we look at the next three years, I would expect upstream to be capturing probably anywhere between $10 and $12 billion of capex, upstream alone, where we're heading.
 And obviously, this is all subject to some fine-tuning,
 and we're going to have a more detailed conversation in February,
 but that's that's where our head is right now
 Quentin, I will just add that when you look at our portfolio, and years back, our focus was the main mature field, heavy oil field.
 So now, in our plant, you'll see new areas emerging.
 For example, in terms of exploration, you'll see activity associated with the Caribbean offshore,
 and also a lot of focus in terms of the Piedemonte foothills,
 where we have the expectation of finding both light oil and gas.
 So you'll see that diversification.
 When you look at other projects that are going to be emerged, you'll see Tanya Suhr, close to Rubiales, and then Acacia, which will be another focus in our portfolio.
 So more diversification, I would say.
 Thanks, Professor. Thanks, Heine.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Christian Audi from Santander.
 Thank you.
 Hello, Sleepy.
 hi me hope you're well
 I wanted to get your views on a couple of points.
 first
 capital allocation
 and then on
 return on capital employed
 In terms of capital allocation,
 and
 Um,
 You've already touched on CapEx.
 I was wondering if you could also touch on the leveraging and dividend payments, how
 you prioritize those
 given the very strong result in cash flow generation that you're having.
 and also touch on the potential need for an equity offering
 and whether that equity offering, if needed, would be more to supply ESA with capital
 to pursue inorganic growth, or would it be more driven to just strengthen the overall
 Ecopetrol financial position.
 Well, let's see.
 Maybe X is going into 2022, please.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Christian.
 I hope you're doing well.
 So let's talk about capital allocation and road share.
 I'd first start with kind of what is our view of the world going forward in terms of price environment?
 because it actually
 it actually does
 sets the stage a lot around how to
 think about
 some of the questions you're making, you know, capital allocation,
 be leveraging
 difference
 and the like
 And one of the things that we've seen is that fundamentals do support a more optimistic view around prices going forward.
 You might recall that in the plan that we're actually executing right now, our price assumption for this year was around $45 per barrel.
 next year we were looking at $50 per barrel
 and that's something that we have been reflecting on
 and that we are going to update in our plans going forward.
 so the outlook
 in which we are planning ahead
 is one where
 next year he's had
 $63 per barrel, and $23 and $24 are at $60.
 this price
 is still
 conservative
 it's still conservative
 when you look at the current
 you know
 headline price
 But we believe that it kind of positions us well in a place where we can retain our capital and cost discipline,
 whilst at the same time making sure that we don't leave opportunities on the table.
 and the broader
 conversation around long-term price
 in this business
 We still remain conservative.
 conservative we believe that that are all our projects need to fly at fifty dollars per barrel
 And that's in a view that when you look at the majority of our projects and the time to market associated with these projects, you're looking at the long term.
 So that's how we're thinking about this, right?
 So, with that in mind, what are we looking at?
 What we're looking at,
 And firstly, in terms of your question about leverage, that 2.5 times gross debt to EBIT
 the ceiling that we have been operating
 is one that
 seems reasonable, right?
 It seems reasonable and it continues to be reasonable when you look ahead.
 What is the balance that we want to have?
 The balance that we want to have is one where we have a bit of space there
 to incur that
 whether it's for inorganic opportunities
 that might arise
 and also to capture
 or to reflect in our consolidated balance sheet
 the leverage that ISAC might have, given that their ceiling is 4.5 times gross debt to EBITDA.
 Why is that important?
 Leverage is an engine of growth for ESA.
 ESA has a pipeline of opportunities going forward that is very attractive.
 The more we look at it, the more excited we are.
 and we definitely don't want
 capital to be a constraint for ISA's growth, right?
 So we are comfortable with that range that they're operating in.
 It's 3.5 to 4.5 times, and we wouldn't have any problem with this
 going to the very top end of that range.
 Okay, so with that, our range of 2.5 kind of makes sense.
 That's how we're looking at this.
 Now, on leverage, we're not going to stay put.
 We just had this liability management transaction.
 We put $2 billion of our, if you will, of the near term.
 It was an expiry that we were going to have in 2023.
 now we take that off into the future
 and we intend to do that more.
 We believe that the fundamentals of the capital markets right now
 and the results
 statical patrol are delivering, allow us
 to pursue more transactions like that into the future.
 So directly, that's how we're thinking about that.
 With regards to dividend payments, you know our policy remains unchanged, 40% to 60% of net income.
 and in good years you should expect
 and we all should expect to be on the very high end of that range.
 that's how we're thinking ahead
 and that's how we're planning
 our cash
 and our
 on our topics, according to me.
 Equity offering, where does the equity offering fit in into all of this?
 It's about optionality.
 It's about optionality, Christian.
 The idea here is that whilst our expanding is robust
 and we're comfortable with leverage
 when we're comfortable
 with our ability
 to fund this CapEx for Growth,
 which is our main event.
 We want to continue growing the company.
 we believe that the
 a clear offering, it offers
 the optionality to support
 whether it's an increase
 necessity of
 topics you know or that that's
 competitive and whether it's
 organic or inorganic or
 simply to strengthen the balance sheet.
 Directionally, right now, it would be about strengthening the balance sheet.
 It will be about reducing the depth that we have to get into a more comfortable level.
 Finally, with regards to your question around Roji, you might have seen that we posted a
 link to the video.
 Really solid road to result there on this review.
 10.8%, which is great, you know, going back to double digits.
 it's a number that puts us in
 with very little company in our sector.
 very, very few companies are up there with us
 and we're happy about that.
 When you include ISA in the equation, ISA is accretive.
 with ISA were actually
 Issa will probably add
 once you normalize
 temporary effects
 and the like
 because obviously it's a consolidation that you're seeing right now.
 only reflects one month.
 but once you normalize for
 if you will
 business additional with ESA
 he says
 he's gonna
 probably
 a
 you know, four or five
 point into that
 So I would believe that hopefully by year end, we're going to be above 12% in terms of road change, and we can sustain that into the future.
 Obviously, depending on price.
 But that's what we believe in right now.
 Thanks, Christine.
 Thank you.
 further questions at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr.
 Bayon for final remarks.
 Thanks.
 Thank you so much.
 And very, very quickly, I'd just like to thank everyone for being here today at the conference call.
 and thanks again for following
 for the interest
 that you put into
 our activities and how we
 continue to make progress.
 very good results
 for the quarter. Very good results, not only in terms of numbers, but in terms of how
 strategically we continue to advance.
 It's great to have now one month of ESA results into our consolidated results.
 They're very, very pleased with the acquisition.
 it's going very well
 We continue to make progress in our TESG agenda.
 and hopefully we'll be able to
 sit again with you guys virtually
 results and
 conversations around
 our plans going forward.
 so I hope that
 Everybody stay safe.
 Please take care, and thanks again for being with us today at this conference call.
 bye bye
 Chao.
 Gracias.
 Thank you ladies and gentlemen
 This concludes today's conference.
 Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
 Thank you.