 Welcome to ECOPatrol's Earnings Conference Call, in which we will discuss the main financial and operational results for the third quarter 2021. All lines have been muted. There will be a Q&A session at the end of the presentation. Before we begin, it is important to mention that the comments in this call by ECOPatrol senior management include projections of the company's future performance. These projections do not constitute any commitment as to future results, nor do they take into account risks or uncertainties that could materialize. As a result, ECOPatrol assumes no responsibility in the event that future results are different from the projections shared in this conference call. The call will be led by Mr. Felipe Bayon, CEO of ECOPatrol, Alberto Consuegra, COO, and Jaime Caballero, CFO. Thank you for your attention. Mr. Bayon, you may begin your conference. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. During this quarter, we continued to deliver record results. As of September, we are now consolidating Interconexión Electrica CSA, ISA's financial statement. We generated revenues of 23.3 trillion pesos, an EBITDA of 10.4 trillion pesos, a net income of 3.8 trillion pesos. These results highlight our successful commercial strategy, which has allowed us to capture the favorable conditions of international crude oil prices. We achieved important progress in our strategic agenda with the accomplishment of milestones such as the following, the closing of ISA's acquisition and the first consolidation of its financial results into the results of the Ecopetrol Group, materializing this transformational step in our energy transition and decarbonization program. Our first liability management transaction for $2 billion through the issuance of 10-year notes and 30-year bonds to partially prepay the loan disbursed to finance ISA's acquisition. The authorization granted by the Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia to subscribe the program for the issuance and placement of common stocks, enabling Ecopetrol during five years to execute simultaneous issuance within the local and international markets, providing flexibility and opportunity in our capital structure strategy. And now, more than 86% of our employees have completed their immunization against COVID-19. Let's move on to the next slide. With the acquisition of the controlling stake in ISA, the Ecopetrol Group turns into a leading company in the energy sector of the region, participating across the hydrocarbon value chain, energy transmission, renewable energy self-generation, and infrastructure. After the closing of the transaction, our efforts have been focused on ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory requirements related with accounting consolidation, reporting, and financial planning. We have made progress in matters regarding corporate governance, such as the election of ISA's new board of directors, following its AGM held on October 22nd. The new composition of the board will allow Ecopetrol to exercise as controlling party over the company. Also, I would like to highlight that, for market reporting purposes, ISA's financial results are now incorporated as a new business line in addition to the existing business segments. ISA will maintain its value promise and independence as we have done with the rest of our subsidiaries. ISA will bring to the table experience and knowledge that will boost new growth opportunities. We are progressing a gradual integration process led by the Transition Management Office, a multidisciplinary team from both companies. This process involves mutual and detailed knowledge between both companies, understanding of both business models, and the construction of a shared vision. After having consolidated an orderly transition, we'll pursue opportunities that allow accelerating the capture of value from our investments. We see potential synergies in opportunities such as energy and fuel storage, development of new and additional renewable energy projects, generation and commercialization of energy in other countries, and growth opportunities in the hydrocarbon business in geographies where ISA already operates. I will now pass on the floor to Alberto Consuegra, who will elaborate on the main operating results for this quarter. Thank you, Felipe. I will start by highlighting the discovery of hydrocarbons after drilling the exploratory well Lidia YW-12, which confirmed the presence of gas and 49-degree API light oil in a new structure near the Cupiagua's field, a milestone that sets the company's exploratory reactivation in Piedemonte, where Ecopetrol is the operator. We also highlight the commerciality of Buranda and Flamenco's one discoveries, which are part of the near-field exploration strategy, which seeks production and reserves incorporation in a short term. These discoveries are located in Santander Department and have produced about 94,000 barrels of crude oil for Ecopetrol's share during the testing stage between January and September of the current year. We continue our international exploratory strategy. During the 17th round of the Brazilian Oil and Gas Agency, the consortium between Ecopetrol Brazil and Shell acquired the SM-1709 block located in the Santos Basin, expanding the portfolios among highest potential areas with competitive break-evens close to $40 per barrel. Let's move on to the next slide, please. The quarterly production was 683,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 22,700 more than the volume achieved in the second quarter. Despite achieving the production stabilization of the fields affected by blockages and also increasing gas sales, milestones of the plan previously announced, there were two climate events during the quarter that limited an additional recovery in the growth of our production. Abroad, the hurricane season in the Gulf of Mexico caused the closure of wells, and in Colombia, the rainy season caused landslides, which affected the Premier Oriente gas pipeline, as well as the flooding of the Karikari field, causing its temporary closure for 20 days. Other weather impacts were related to increasing power outages. These events impacted production in and around 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the fourth quarter, we expected production around 700,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, mainly leveraged in the drilling of between 110 and 130 wells, the reactivation of the Premier Oriente gas pipeline, and the continuity of the operation of the Enate asset, which we received on November 4th after ending the association contract, adding an average of 7,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day. However, some risks associated with climate and public order issues remain and could affect production levels. Gas and LPG contributed 21% to total production, highlighting the signing of the Santiago de las Atalayas gas exploitation and exploration agreement with the National Hydrocarbons Agency, which allowed the beginning of pre-drilling activities in two new wells in the Piedemontes area. Given the effects on gas production due to maintenance and climatic events, a commercial strategy was developed to guarantee gas supply at Nationwide, along with the Ministry of Mines and Energy and Market Agents, through the signing of contingency contracts. On the social front, new gas and LPG connections have been made, allowing near 5,000 new families from Strata 1 and 2 to have this service and improve their quality of life between January and September. Let's move on to the next slide, please. 2021 has been a challenging year in terms of production due to all the factors that we have revealed throughout the year, which have mainly affected the basic curve. Resuming activity on our wells generated higher levels of water versus soil content with a gradual stabilization. The pandemic and public order situations affected our projects in terms of supply chain, delivery deadlines, and execution. This has been partially upset by the implementation of initiatives such as anticipation of 2022 work and strengthening of our commercial gas strategy, with which we expect to restore our growth path. Given all the above, projected production levels for 2021 would be around 680,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Let's move on to the next slide, please. On unconventionals, we highlight that on July 8th, the first territorial dialogue was held for the Platero Comprehensive Research Pilot Project, and on October 29th, an environmental impact study was filed requesting approval of the license for the drilling of Calais. In parallel, progress is being made in the documentation of Platero's environmental study in synergy with what has been filed for Calais. In August, a public survey was carried out by the National Consulting Center in the area of influence of the pilots, evidencing a positive change in perception among communities regarding the industry and the unconventional pilots, Ecopetrol being the oil company that generates the most confidence. In September, Ecopetrol started the operation of a mobile environmental laboratory for the Magdalena-Medio region so that communities have a better knowledge of the environmental variables present in their surroundings and that will allow, once the pilot starts, to monitor their behavior. Abroad, Permian reached a gross production level for Ecopetrol of 24,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, evidencing the ramp-up of unconventional with a cumulative EBITDA margin of 83%. Let's move on to the next slide, please. The transported volume of refined products increased 63,000 barrels per day compared to the third quarter of 2020 thanks to the recovery of local demand, mainly the Galan-Sebastopol trench, by supplying the large consumption areas of the country. On the other hand, the volume of crude oil transported decreased by 30,000 barrels per day compared to the same quarter of last year as a result of lower production driven by the previously mentioned causes. In order to secure the evacuation of the Caño Limón field, 11 reversa cycles of the Bicentenario pipeline were carried out. Finally, I want to mention that the conciliation agreement between Frontera, Senate, and Bicentenario was approved by the Administrative Tribunal of Cundinamarca to solve the existing disputes regarding the transportation of crude oil in Colombia. As a result of the conciliation, Frontera will recognize to Senate and Bicentenario the outstanding obligations under their agreements as of December 31, 2019. Frontera will transfer to Senate its 43.03% interest in Bicentenario and will transfer to Bicentenario the pending dividends, the funds deposited in a trust as guarantee for one of the disputes, the advance payments from prior years, and the Bicentenario pipeline line field that they have. As part of the agreement, Frontera will recognize to Bicentenario a portion of Bicentenario's syndicate loan in the amount of 438 billion pesos. Additionally, Senate and Bicentenario signed new ship-for-pay agreements with Frontera, allowing them to receive additional revenues for the payment of obligations included in the conciliation for a value of up to $92 million, subject to adjustment as per the value of the line field. Likewise, ODL, a Senate subsidiary, obtained the execution with Frontera of a new ship-for-pay agreement, which shall allow ODL to receive additional income up to $55.5 million. The financial impacts of the transaction correspond to the total recovery of outstanding debt as of December 31, 2019, for a value of $729 billion. The one-time impact on EBITDA will be approximately $700 billion, which will be reflected in the figures for the fourth quarter of this year. Additionally, financial revenues for approximately $41 billion will be received due to the effect of default interest and returns on trust funds. Let's move on to the next slide, please. We achieved an accumulated EBITDA record result as of September of $2.35 trillion thanks to selling of inventories and benefit from market prices at Barron Cabermeja Refinery, essenciates, commercial strategies, and an inverse causes increase in natural gas sales, which contribute to mitigate the impacts derived from operational challenges and keeping the cash cost of the segment under control. Additionally, we are pleased to inform that we achieved the delivery of gasoline at 50 parts per million contemplated by regulation for January 2022. The integrated gross margin of the refineries remained at pre-pandemic levels, despite having a more expensive diet because the recovery of brand price, a challenging scenario for the realization of valuable products, especially in the Cartagena Refinery due to the discount on export diesel, and the scheduled maintenance of the petrochemical train and the alkylation unit at the Barranca Bermeja Refinery. The consolidated throughput in September was above 365,000 barrels per day, exceeding the throughput restrictions on the refineries affected by public order events at Caño Limón Covena's oil pipeline, an electrical contingency presented in August, and corrective maintenance planned in the catalytic cracking unit at Cartagena's refinery. These events had an EBITDA impact of $121 billion. A shutdown plan is being implemented with the purpose of improving the reliability of the refineries, which will take the operational availability from 92.5% in 2019 to 94.2% in 2021 and up to international reference levels above the 96% in 2024. Other scheduled maintenance for the flare in Plants 1 and 2 in Essentia will be occurring. Let's move on to the next slide, please. At the end of the third quarter, we have delivered efficiencies close to $1.8 trillion, highlighting a reduction of the dilution factor, energy efficiency, and savings obtained with the renewable energies. The total unit cost accrued to September increased $10.3 per barrel as compared to the same period in 2020, mainly due to higher purchase and import costs associated with higher brand prices. On the other hand, the cumulative lifting cost to September increased $0.87 per barrel as compared to the same period in 2020, reaching $8 per barrel. Such anticipated increase is due to greater numbers of well interventions, the execution of process safety and integrity work included in the plan, as well as the increase in the cost of oil services due to industry inflation. By the end of the year, we expect to have a lifting cost in the order of $8.5 per barrel. The cost per barrel transported showed a slight decrease as compared to the same period in 2020, reaching $2.9 per barrel, thanks to the control of variable costs given the lower volumes transported. The refining cash cost accumulated to September showed a downward trend as compared to previous years, correlated to gas composition and its supply chain. I will open the floor to Jaime Caballero, who will talk to you about the main financial results of the EcoPetrol Group. Thanks, Alberto. During the nine months ended in September 2021, EcoPetrol's net income reached $10.6 trillion, exceeding more than nine times the result obtained during the same period of the previous year. This increase is mainly explained by a higher EBITDA generation of $15.5 trillion, where the following factors stand out. A positive net effect of $13 trillion due to realization prices, higher crude oil spreads, and foreign exchange increase for purchases and sales. A positive valuation of inventories for $4.2 trillion related to market prices and increasing ships in transit to India and the U.S. given the new delivery-at-place commercial strategy. And the consolidation of 100% of ESA's EBITDA for $0.7 trillion, corresponding to one month of operation after closing the acquisition. The above was partially offset by lower volume of purchases and sales for $1.5 trillion, affected by schedule and corrected maintenance activities within the refineries, higher operating activity costs for $0.6 trillion, mainly associated to maintenance and higher materials consumption as a result of the economic reactivation, and other effects in the EBITDA for $0.4 trillion, mainly related to the increase in exploratory expenses, recognition of public work provisions, and environmental provisions, among other aspects. Likewise, the year-to-date includes the impact of three non-operational items, the non-recurring positive effect of $0.4 trillion recognized in January for the divestment of Savia, Peru, a negative variation from other non-cash items for $1.8 trillion, including foreign exchange effect, depreciation, taxes, financial expenses, and eases non-controlling interest for $0.7 trillion and $1 trillion in other subsidiaries, and increase in the income tax provision as a result of higher financial results and related to the deferred tax restatement for $0.36 billion, after implementing the new rate established by the tax reform in Colombia from 30% to 35%. These results show a clear continuity of the favorable trend in the company's financial results. Please turn to the next slide to see ESA's main financial results. For the third quarter and the nine months ended on September 2021, ESA's EBITDA continues its growth trend, increasing 5.8% and 5.2% respectively as compared to the same periods in 2020. Net income decreased affected by non-recurring events, such as costs associated to the liability management transaction at InterChile, which also included the unwind of debt hedging for a total of $273 billion and a higher deferred tax expense of $146 billion due to the application of the rates from the tax reform in Colombia. In the absence of these impacts, ESA's net income for the quarter would have been $541 billion and $1.6 trillion year-to-date. ESA's consolidation in the Ecopetrol Group is carried out through a business combination of controlled businesses as defined in IFRS 3. A new segment has been established to incorporate ESA's standalone results starting September and the expenses related to the debt raised to complete the acquisition. ESA's contribution is material for the Co-Petrol Group, and it will be progressively incorporated over the next accounting period. When normalizing the consolidation for the nine months ended in September, ESA's contribution to the EBITDA would have been $5.3 trillion, representing about 19% of the total. The net income contribution would have been $0.6 trillion and $0.8 trillion excluding the non-recurring events mentioned above. After consolidation, assets and liabilities of the Ecopetrol Group increased by $82 and $55 trillion, respectively. Total equity increased by $27 trillion, reflecting the concept of non-controlling interest associated to ESA. The values of assets, liabilities, and non-controlling interest, as well as goodwill, are preliminary and will be updated to final amounts by the end of the year. Please turn to the next slide to see the main financial KPIs. Cumulative financial indicators year-to-date reaffirm Ecopetrol's ability to capture the favorable price environment, as well as the initial benefits from ESA after consolidating the first month of its operations since the acquisition in the oil and gas business is worth to highlight the EBITDA per barrel that reached record levels of $40.2 per barrel and quality results of $40.1 per barrel. These levels compare very favorably with other industry peers. Net income break-even continues to improve as compared to the end of 2020 and the same period of the previous year, reaching $34.8 per barrel thanks to the recovery of product spreads and higher throughput in the refineries. Regarding ESA's results, it is worth to highlight the EBITDA margin, excluding construction, that was 77.7%, aligned with 2020. ESA's return on equity for the quarter was affected by the liability management transaction effect that did not impact the group results due to the extent that it corresponds to an event prior to the acquisition and, therefore, it was registered as equity. Year-to-date, EBITDA margin for the Ecopetrol group was 46.7%, among the highest levels historically, surpassing pre-pandemic levels. The leverage ratio of the Ecopetrol group is similar to 2020 levels when incorporating ESA's debt and one-month EBITDA. Normalizing the ESA's EBITDA for the last 12 months, the indicator would have been 2.4 times. Please turn to the following slide to see the main highlights of the commercial strategy and its contribution to the financial results. The commercial strategy has been fundamental to the successful capture of value in the current environment. The stable quality of our blends, supply reliability, and contractual flexibility are fundamental to the corporate strategy. As of September 2021, the realization price of our crude oil basket increased from representing 76% to 94% as compared to the average Brent price for the same period in 2020. It is worth highlighting the increase in barrels delivered to destinations such as South Korea, India, Brunei, Sweden, and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, going from 17% in 3Q 2020 to 37.5% in 3Q 2021 in bottom-edged terms. This strategy has allowed a higher commercial margin as compared to shipments sold and delivered at the Covena support. Likewise, we continue to maximize the value of crude oil and products through asset-backed trading strategies with an incremental benefit of $47 million by the end of September, almost twice the amount achieved during full year 2020. We estimate that so far this year, the commercial effort has contributed around $339 million, equivalent to $1.19 per barrel to the Ecopatrol's group EBITDA, as a result of export strategies, purchase of new crudes from the refineries, benefits from using our crudes, and savings from energy efficiencies, among others. Sales of gas and LPG, a key element of the strategy, contributed almost $15 per barrel to the EBITDA, proving the relevance of this product within the company's results. Let's turn to the next slide, please. Organic investment as of N3Q amounted to nearly $2.2 billion, showing an important recovery versus the previous year, despite global supply chain disruptions, public unrest in certain areas of our operation, and longer regulatory permitting lead times. The upstream segment accounted for 77% of total organic CAPEX, with a focus on increasing production and reserves, while 23% went to the midstream, downstream, and corporate segments. By the end of the year, we expect to invest between $3.3 and $3.5 billion. CAPEX execution for the fourth quarter will be focused on an increase in drilling rigs, directly operated by Ecopetrol, securing the arrival of materials with supply delays, boosting activity in Permian, Ecopetrol, America, and Ocol, and an increase in activity in the refineries. As for ESA's CAPEX, its cumulative execution as of September was $946 million, mainly allocated to the progress in the construction of energy transmission projects in the countries where the company operates. ESA estimates a year-end execution of circa $1.2 billion. Please turn to the next slide to review the company's cash flow. Cash balance for the third quarter was $13.1 trillion, with the operating cash flow adding $11.5 trillion. ESA contributed $6 trillion to the cash balance and $0.5 trillion to the operating cash flow, respectively. The investment component for the year presented an outflow of $8.8 trillion related to CAPEX. The financing component, excluding ESA acquisition, registered an outflow of $2.8 trillion for principal and interest payments. During 2021, dividends for $1.4 trillion have been paid to Ecopetrol shareholders and to non-controlling shareholders of its subsidiaries. Final cash balance considers cash and cash equivalents for $10.1 trillion and a short-term investment portfolio of $3 trillion. The Ecopetrol's group cash composition is 64% dollar-based and 36% Colombian-Peso-based. This cash balance does not include the account receivable from the Full Price Stabilization Fund, FEPEC for its Spanish acronym, which at the end of 3Q amounts to $7.2 trillion. It is worth mentioning that the recently approved general budget of the Republic of Colombia includes a specific provision of $2.7 trillion for the recognition of this item, as well as additional budgetary mechanisms to address the remaining amounts. Please turn to the next slide. Finally, we would like to highlight the completion of our first external liability management transaction for $2 billion, by which we partially refinance the $3.7 billion loan associated with the ESA acquisition. This transaction optimizes the debt maturity profile of the Ecopetrol group with market rates at historically low levels since 2014. The transaction had a robust demand from around 270 investors from different geographies globally, with individual bids of up to $470 million, evidencing the confidence in Ecopetrol's financial strength. This transaction, in addition to the approval of the program to issue common stock in Colombia by the Superintendency of Finance, provides flexibility and access to different sources of debt and equity financing, with the objective to continue optimizing the maturity profile and to fund the energy transition strategy of the company. Now I hand over to the CEO for closing remarks. Thank you, Jaime. We continue to move forward on each of the pillars of our TESG strategy. On the environmental side, we particularly highlight achievements in our renewable energy projects. With the entry into operation of the San Fernando solar farm that is located in the metal department, we have now an additional installed capacity of 61 megawatts that will supply part of the energy demand for both Ecopetrol and CENIC operations. It will also help us to avoid emissions for more than 508,000 tons of CO2 equivalent during the next 15 years, and will contribute to the group's decarbonization plan. All this in addition to over 21,000 tons of CO2 emissions that have already been avoided by the Castilla solar farm in its first two years of operation since October 2019. During such period, we have also saved with the Castilla solar farm some $2 million in operational costs. With San Fernando, the group's current capacity on renewable energy stands at 112 megawatts. Likewise, Ecopetrol also inaugurated the gas-based self-generation plant in Chichimene that will avoid emissions of some 44,000 tons of CO2 each year and will supply part of the energy required by the Chichimene, Apiai, CPO9, and Castilla fields, all located in the Meta department. In terms of hydrogen, we highlight the active participation of Ecopetrol as one of the key players in the construction of Colombia's hydrogen roadmap aimed at developing this energy source for the country. On the other hand, we recently joined the group of the Task Force on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures, TNFD, to help develop a reporting framework for nature-related risk and opportunities, as well as mitigating negative impacts on the environment. Last week, we participated in COP26 in Glasgow as one of the organizations representing Colombia. In addition to discussing actions that allow to mitigate climate change impact, we met with different leading organizations to explore potential alliances in the development of several opportunities on our road to net zero and energy transition roadmaps. Regarding technology, I want to highlight the capture of some $36 million year-to-date of benefits from our digital transformation agenda. Also, the award of the Sustainable Development Goals Good Practices led by the Global Compact of the UN to our Open Innovation Program 100x100. In the social dimension, EcoPetrol achieved the Equipares Silver Seal, a certification with a 98.47% score, which gives us now five companies in the group that have favorable processes for gender equality. Let's move on now to the conclusions. During the quarter, we achieved significant progress towards energy transition, such as the closing of the ESA acquisition, setting a milestone in the history of the country and for both companies, providing the opportunity to consolidate the EcoPetrol Group as a new leading energy company with greater capacity to continue generating sustainable value. We continue delivering strong financial results to our shareholders and our groups of interest. We will keep consolidating our integrated strategy, maintaining the focus on the core business while moving forward in the pillars of energy transition. Thanks to everyone for participating today in the call. And now, I will open up for the Q&A session. Thank you. At this time, I would like to remind everyone, in order to ask a question, simply press star and then 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, please press the pound key. We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. We have a question from Gilaire Levy from Morgan Stanley. Hi. Hello, everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two questions. The first one is on lifting costs. So I just wanted to understand your expectations for this line going forward when we consider both recovering production and higher oil prices that are expected to remain into the next quarters. if we should continue to expect lifting costs close to the $8 per BEE range and if the company is already seeing some level of industry cost inflation. And then the second question is on the production expectations for 2022. I just wanted to pick your brain and try to understand what sort of projects can be anticipated at the current oil price environment and also how much the shale JV in the U.S. could contribute to the group in this strong oil price environment. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Guilherme, thanks, and thanks for participating today in the conference call. So I'll give you some context and then I'll ask Alberto to provide more detail, first around lifting costs and then around production. So the first thing around lifting costs, if you look at where we ended up on 3Q, around $8 per barrel, we're signaling that the year should end up in around or at around $8.50 per barrel. And for next year, the range should be around $9.50 to $10 per barrel. So that's sort of the expectation. So clearly, we see there will be an increment or an increase in terms of the lifting costs. Alberto will provide detail around levels of activity and also some of the pressures we're seeing from some of the first increases in terms of sector inflation, particularly around some materials and the likes. So he'll talk about that. In terms of production, I'll share my view with you, and then, again, Alberto will provide some detail. But if you look at what has happened this year, we started at 1Q at 6.76. We went down to 6.61 in 2Q and up to 6.84 in 3Q. So there's a recovery. We're seeing recovery from some of the issues, operational issues that we had in 2Q, especially with the production of water and some other issues and some of the blockages and stoppages and civil unrest in the country. We expect that in 4Q, we will be at around 700,000 barrels. The way I would describe it is that we're seeing recovery. There's a clear path of recovery, but it's taking longer than what we had anticipated. So I think that's message number one. We're currently working on the numbers for 2022. We don't have a number yet in terms of where we... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Conference Center. Please be prepared to provide the confirmation number or host and company of the conference you wish to attend. Please stand by and an operator will be with you shortly. Thank you for waiting. Confirmation number for your call. Your name, please. Thank you. Here's your... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...