Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the MTN Annual Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity to ask questions later during the conference. If you should need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero. Please note that this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeremiah Opoku. Please go ahead, sir. Okay, thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today to discuss MTN Ghana's annual results for the year ended 31 December 2018. I am Jeremiah Opoku, Investor Relations Manager for MTN Ghana. With me on the phone today are Selma Badarivor, CEO of MTN Ghana, Modupe Kadri, CFO of MTN Ghana, and Group Investor Relations. Selma will provide you an overview of the company's performance and outlook before we move on to the Q&A session, which will be facilitated by the conference call operator. So with that, over to you, Selma. Thank you, Jeremiah, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for this call. I'll provide a brief overview of our annual performance for 2018 and our outlook for the current year before handing over to Q&A. So in 2018, MTN Ghana delivered a strong performance. Total revenue increased by 23% and service revenue by 23.5%, largely driven by a strong growth in voice, data, and digital revenue. Voice revenue increased by 13% year-on-year and contributed approximately 46% to total revenue. Data revenue grew by 32.2% year-on-year and contributed 26.1% to total revenue. Digital revenue, which includes mobile financial services, increased by 34.6% and contributed 24.8% to total revenue. Our EBITDA margin declined year-on-year by some 2.2 percentage points to 37.6%, largely due to the introduction of management fees in May 2018. Adjusted for the management fees, the EBITDA margin would have been higher by 3.1 percentage points to 40.7%, which underpins the strong growth on the EBITDA side and the cost management techniques that we put in place as well. We executed well on our CAPEX for the year and most of our plans were delivered strongly, which supported the improvement in coverage, customer experience, as well as quality of service overall. And this led to very strong subscriber growth in the process. During the period, our site rollouts were as follows. 600 2G sites were rolled out, 1,100 3G sites were rolled out, and 254G sites were rolled out in 2018. The improved network coverage coupled with aggressive sales and product offerings are responsible for the significant subscriber growth that we observed in 2018. Just to give you some detail on the subscriber performance, subscribers increased by 12.7% year-on-year to 20.1 million. Active data subscribers in the same period was 6.4 million. And active mobile money subscribers increased year-on-year by 17.8% to 8.4 million, which is the MTN definition for both data and mobile money. The year 2018 marked a remarkable year in the company's history as we listed on the Ghana Stock Exchange in September, on September 5th to be precise, with the largest Ghanaian shareholder in Ghana on the Ghana Stock Exchange of 127,826. At the end of December 2018, MTN Ghana's market capitalization was 9.7 billion Ghana cedis, making it the third largest primary listed company on the Ghana Stock Exchange. MTN Ghana has declared 2019 as the year of the customer in line with our Bright strategy. The Being Bright is on customer experience with our prime focus on customer experience as a tool to create value for shareholders, to drive more value for our customers, and to continue to drive and increase our growth overall. We'll continue to work towards our vision to lead the delivery of a bold new digital wealth to customers and to make their lives a whole lot brighter in 2019. And we expect an exciting year ahead of us. With that, I will hand over to the operator for questions and answers. And thanks again to all of you. Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and then 1. If you decide to withdraw the question, please press star and then 2. The first question we have is from J.P. Davids of J.P. Morgan. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. So what I'll do is I'll ask a couple now and then I'll circle back to the back of the queue and see if there's time for some follow-ups. Just first kicking off with guidance, you provided an outlook in your prospectus document around the medium term. As you say, 2018 has been an outstanding year for you. Can you frame your expectations around the medium term guidance that you provided in that IPO document, i.e. you think you should be on track to meet it or beat it? Any risk to not actually meeting it? So that would be on the outlook versus the IPO document. And then switching gear just to something a little bit smaller, within your cost line items, your dealer commissions, those are up a little bit over 40% year on year, it looks like, running ahead of your revenue growth. Can you explain why the dealer commissions are growing so fast and if there are plans in place to address that into 2019? Thank you. Okay, Modupe here. On the issue of expectations based on the outlook, what we framed in our prospectus was based on our Bright strategy, which was what we called Agenda 25-2015. And in terms of where we had to be, we are on track in delivering that. So we do not see any major risk in terms of delivering those numbers. And the 25 stands for 25 million subscribers overall, 20 million data and 50 million new financial services. And then it stands for the best customer experience, our MPS 10, our perfect 10 as it were. So in terms of where we are today, vis-a-vis our 2018 results, we still would expect to be within the guidance we put out in the market. Now, second question, dealer commissions. You might be aware or you might not be aware that during the year there was a change in the government legislation around the VAT administration. So what that meant was that previously some line items which you were allowed for your input and output tax, what is allowed, basically they came with a levy at 2.5%. So what that did was to spiral or to have a knock-on effect on the costs, effective from August to December. Towards the end of the year, we tried to pass some of those costs back to the customer because of the consumer tax. But you will see, hopefully, the market is getting better in 2019. Thank you very much. The next question we have is from Kuda Kanungure from Investec Securities. Hi, thank you guys for hosting this call. Just two questions with regards to mobile data. Tell us what happened over the second half. It looked like growth was 36% over the first half, freaking out of 24%, understandably there's a base effect, but just more or less tell us what are your drivers going forward? What are the trends in terms of 4G smartphone penetration? And the second part is with regards to what sort of impact the Ghana shilling will have on your performance? How will that impact CapEx going forward, but also the affordability of smartphones? Thank you. I'm going to have to ask you to repeat the two questions. It's not very clear. If you can just speak a little bit slower, that would be very helpful. Apologies for that. Sure, no problem. The first part, I guess just if you could just touch on the drivers for mobile data going forward. We see that the growth from the second half year on year was 24%.

The growth for the second half year-on-year was 24%. And what do you see that being, the sustainable growth rate going forward? And more specifically, if you could also touch on the smartphone trends that you observed over that second half of the year, as in what is penetration, how fast is penetration rising? And the second part was with regards to the Ghana shilling, sorry, the Ghana city, and how that's going to impact your capex and affordability of devices. Okay, I'll take the first and third and the CFO will handle the Ghana city questions. So the first question, I apologize, it's still not very clear, but I believe you're asking about smartphone trends in H2 and whether any competitors have changed strategies. Sorry, can you repeat the question again? Yeah, I'm curious to get an update on the competitive environment in Ghana and whether any competitors have changed strategies. So in terms of the competitive environment, I'll say the most significant changes during the year or coming into 2019 is the acquisition of a 4G license by Vodafone. So that's the big change that has happened. The second one would be their measure of Airtel Seagull. This happened before the perspectives was released, so this has been covered already. So these are the two significant effects within the competitive space. Does that answer your question, Amy? Yes, sorry. Sorry if I'm not being specific enough. I understand sort of that these two events happened. I'm curious if you've seen any impact on your business, if you've seen any impact on sort of the plans they're offering or the pricing of those plans based on the acquisition of the license and the merger. The license has been applied, but 4G has not yet been launched by Vodafone. We expect that to happen in the next couple of months. Our primary view is that today we have approximately 38% smartphone penetration and therefore would expect that penetration to continue to increase. The pie for data will continue to increase and therefore would expect the impact on our growth to continue to be about the same from the perspective of an increase in pie plus an increase in smartphone penetration in the marketplace. The next question we have is from Douglas Holm of Deakin Value Investors. Hey guys. I just had a quick question on the digital business excluding MOMO. So you said mobile money was 17.7% of revenue and digital excluding MOMO was 24.8% of revenue. So digital excluding MOMO was 7% of revenue or about 300 million CD. Last year in the IPO documents it looked like the digital business excluding MOMO was 310 million. So I don't know if your digital business shrank or if you've redefined the digital segment, but if you could help us understand that it would be appreciated. Thanks for the question. Very quickly, there are two main things happening there. There is a definition, a slight definition change. But the more significant changes you would have observed were last year we made a decision to apply some transparency rules to our entire digital portfolio. What this means is we had a lot of complaints over the years from customers saying they did not necessarily subscribe to specific services and what we've now done is we've implemented specific features to prevent accidental subscriptions and also to encourage users that have subscriptions that are not actively using the products. So for these specific services we've seen a reduction, but it's a reduction that we've planned to actually have based on improving our customer experience overall and driving continued usage of our network. Okay, so it's fair to say that the business did shrink slightly in 2018? Yes, it's fair to say. And then on the data side, obviously data consumption was up 92%. I guess is that, but revenue was only increasing 30%, so obviously the cost per bit of data was decreasing. Is that simply a mix in data consumption between 4G and 3G? Data is cheaper on 4G than 3G? Is it you're lowering the tariffs overall, or can you help us understand what drove the wide discrepancy in those two numbers? A couple of things. The first one is we launched 4G aggressively last year. The actual launch was before, but coming into Q4 2017. Now, one of the things we did last year consciously, once you move on to 4G, your data consumption rate increases significantly. In order to be able to manage customer expectations, we increased the number of megabytes per CD that the 4G users actually purchased. So that's part of the effect you're seeing in the numbers there, where there's a significant growth in terms of traffic versus the revenue growth. The second element is we have also intensified our customer value management activities, which is a segmented approach to try to target and move data customers across the data usage chain. And to do this, we've had to give out some free MBs to get people to try our network out and continue to drive their increased usage. So these are the two main effects you're seeing. Probably the larger effect being the 4G drive to get people's usage per CD much higher than it is in 3G and 2G. Okay, I'll get back in line. Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, just a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and then 1. The next question we have is from Neeta Bhatt of DBI. Hi, guys. I have a couple of quick questions. The first one is you just mentioned there was an acquisition of a 4G license by Vodafone. Can you let us know what was the price they paid for that 4G license?

Okay. So, first of all, the license that Vodafone got was a 2x5 MHz 800 spectrum, priced of $30 million. Got it, got it. And secondly, there are some of your network licenses that are, some of the GSM licenses that are coming up for renewal this year, in 2019. What is the plan in terms of the capex spend to renew those licenses? Okay, so currently we have some provisions for this, but we don't have a sense of the actual capex. We've actually applied to the NTA to renew. The actual regulatory framework stipulates that the renewal will happen three months before the expiry of the license. And the specific licenses we have expiring this year are two specific licenses, the 2G which expires in December 2019, and the international gateway that expires in August. So we're way ahead of the three months period to actually get specifics from the NTA. Notwithstanding that, we have initiated a process and we're expecting to hear back from the NTA in due course. Understood, understood. But just to give us a sense of the pricing for the renewal, what is the provision amount in the budget, capex budget? It's speculative, if I may. I mean, we'll have to wait for the NTA to actually do the evaluations and come up with a price. Okay, got it. Is there a risk that the license won't be renewed? And if that happens, what is the management action? Sure, I mean, first of all, let me just add some additional context. The December 2019 expiry affects every single player in the industry, not just MTN. So the likelihood of a non-renewal would essentially constitute a shutdown of the telecoms industry. Very unlikely that that would happen. Understood. Great. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, just a final reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and then 1. We have a follow-up question from Douglas Holm of Deacon Value Investors. Hi, guys. Just on the mobile money side, can we just talk about the main drivers of the increase, you know, revenue increase 61% in the year? So, you know, I think subs were up about 18%. So if you could just talk a little bit about the increase in the sales and then also on the commission side, they increased 38% but decreased as a percentage of sales from about 51% to 44%. So if you could explain that variation as well, it would be appreciated. Sure. So, yes, you're right in terms of mobile money resource, 17.8% increase year on year. And I think your question is the revenue grew by about 60% off the back of an approximate 18% subscriber growth. Now, there are a number of things. So mobile money is a network-based product where the more people you have in your network, the faster your transactional frequency grows. By increasing your number of customers by 18%, what that means is the number of transactions per user overall increases some multiple of that 18%. So you would have two main components of your growth, which is transactional frequency plus your subscriber growth. And that's why you're seeing a much faster revenue growth than your subscriber growth. So it's quite normal for a mobile money industry for that to be the case. However, if you peel the onion a little bit more, and we're also expanding our activities in the ecosystem. So first of all, we're seeing a lot more transactional activity in merchant payments. We're seeing more merchants, more bill payment companies coming on board. And all of these will be expanding the ecosystem to enable that transactional frequency that I referred to to actually happen or to actually materialize. And so these are the key drivers of mobile money growth that we're seeing. The base product is more. Sorry, can you just repeat that? How many stores or merchants are you accepted at this point? We finished last year about 60,000 merchants. Okay. And how is that in comparison to 2017? Because most of our merchant activity happened last year. We had just started out in 2017. And then the commission question, just why it decreased as a percentage of sales? So can you just repeat that question? Yeah, so Momo commissions, you break out in the financials, and it was the absolute number increased 38%. But if you look at it as a percentage of Momo revenue, it declined from 51% to 44%. So just wondering why the commission decreased as a percentage of sales. So again, it's peculiar with mobile money. Now, the two primary transactions that attract a commission are cash-ins and cash-outs. And the more you expand your product portfolio into non-commission-bearing products like merchant payments, for example, or bill payments, for example, the lower your commission pair revenue. So it is really the fact that we're expanding our business into products that are less commission-generating, loans, for example, pension payments, things like that are all non-commission-generating transactions, which are contributing to the total revenue. Gotcha. Okay. And then just the last couple questions, I might have missed it, but in terms of CapEx, what's the estimate for 2019 CapEx needs? So for 2019, the guidance is around 159 million US. 159. 159. Okay. And then the management fee, is the management fee calculated as 5% of sales or just 5% of telecom sales? So if mobile money grows, does it affect the management fee or not? So the last part of the question was? Does the management fee get paid on mobile money or just the telecom side of the business? Yeah, it's total. It's for the total side of the business, because basically these are for services the group renders to both Camcom and its subsidiary, which is Mobile Money Limited now. So, you know, in terms of all the technology support that is required to run the platform and to run the core business. So the management fee is on everything as per the agreement signed with the relevant government authority. And it's not quite a straightforward calculation of 5% on sales, but the guidance is normally given approximates to roughly that. But when you look at the agreement signed, it's actually much more complicated. But at least when you work out the sums, it comes to roughly about 5% of revenue. Okay. And then the last question, just on expenses, maybe a few parts in this. So the costs came in slightly higher than the idea was predicting at about 25, 2.5 billion versus 2.37 billion. And just was wondering which expenses came in higher than expected and why? So maybe I answered that question partially before you joined, but let me just repeat myself. I said that in August of 2018, there was a change in the VAT administration in this country. So basically what it did was that some items which you could have claimed input outputs VAT on, 2.5% thereon became a levy, which meant that for every purchase that you had to make, there was a 2.5 million extra cost. So that had a knock-on effect on all sides of the business in the sense that one, obviously your subscribers' purchasing power is down because of what they could buy. Two, was the fact that your commissions would have a knock-on effect in terms of that levying paid by the company. And then of course three, your OPEX will also be impacted by it. So what happened was that of the 17.5% previously, 5% became a permanent levy for the National Health Insurance and 2.5% for the Educational Fund. So it meant that for every purchase or any transaction

going forward from August 2018, there had expired effectively costs. So what would then happen is depending on how long your supply chain is or your value chain is, that tax is actually replicated. So if, for instance, you have a supplier who is dependent on another supplier, then ultimately you're going to have a knock-on effect depending on how long that chain is. And you eventually have to pay those costs. So that's what happens for the latter half of 2018 and you see the costs going on. And I would just add that towards the end of the year, we eventually tried to pass some of those costs back to subscribers. Not 100%, but at least just to minimize the effect on the business. Gotcha. Okay. And then just the direct network operating costs increasing 17%. I mean, is this, you know, transmission costs were up 13%, network maintenance costs were up 43%. Is this what we should expect going forward? Or, you know, I guess what were the drivers of the network operating costs and how do we think about it? So the network costs will be, there will be a correlation with the site rollout. So we've told you the number of sites we've built during the year. Obviously we have to pay for the rentals for those. Then another knock-on effect was the cost of energy and power coupled with the fact that the city was depreciating again. So all of that passed through costs that will impact on your network operating costs. So two things basically. The number of sites that were rolled out in terms of greenfields would impact on your network costs. And two, the economic conditions in the country would also impact on that. And the third one would have been that even though CPI was trending down for most parts of 2018, the agreement we have with the seller companies actually takes the pricing based on the year-end exits for the site rentals. So it's the reason why you had an escalation of 12% would apply for the whole of 2018, notwithstanding the fact that the CPI was probably up to 9.5%. So that's how it works. So two things, like I said, the number of sites rolled out and two, your macroeconomic conditions in terms of inflation and in terms of the city depreciation. Thank you. The next question we have is from Nii Ampasowa of Data Bank Asset Management Services Limited. Nii, you can go ahead. Okay, good afternoon. Hello, good afternoon. I have a question on market share. And in the commentary on the financial statement, you quoted that the market share was 59.9% at 2018 end of year. I'd like to know by what metrics is this measured by and are you losing customers or gaining compared to 2017 last year? Thank you. Okay, thanks for the question. So just to clarify, 59.9% market share is the data market share disclosed by the NCA. On the voice side, the market share is 49%. Okay, thank you very much. I'd like to know if compared to 2017, are you losing customers or gaining customers? No, we've actually gained market share since 2017. Okay, thank you very much. And the final question, concerning trade receivables, I would like to know, within what period do you see that the receivables you have in a year are finally paid off? Well, it's ongoing. Hello, can you hear me? Yes, I can. It depends on the various contracts you have in place, but normally within a year, it's a rolling balance. So take, for instance, your interconnect. So interconnect has a probably 60 to 90 days payment settlement from all parties. So it keeps rolling. You're always going to have a balance, but it's not an age balance as it were, mostly current balances. Are there any that do not pay at all? And by what percentage of your trade receivables do they form? Well, within that, normally you do your provision for credit losses in terms of that accounting practice, debts that you feel are doubtful for whatever reason. But at least even given by those standards, it's less than 10%. So on the average, but my point is that the fact that you get provision for credit loss does not translate into a credit loss. It just based on what the standards or the guidance that is given to you. But like I said, in our business, most of the trade receivables may take some while, but they tend to be current. And it just like if you work with the government and you have some government debts, but the government will always make good their debts. It doesn't mean that it's bad. Okay, thank you very much. The next question we have is from Seki Mutukua from Ashmore Group. Hi, thank you for the call. Two questions, please. Is it possible to give a breakdown of the revenue in the mobile financial services just in terms of sort of PTP, cash in and cash out? And then the second question was within the sort of segments or sub-segments in mobile financial services, have you changed fees charged to customers during 2018, whether that's been lowering them or raising them? Thank you. Okay, so thanks for your question. So in terms of revenue, P2P, cash in, cash out, you probably be aware that cash in does not attract any revenue. So the majority of the revenue is between P2P and cash out. P2P is approximately 30% and cash out is approximately 65% of total revenue. Your second question was, I believe, on price and if I heard you right, if there have been any changes to pricing during the year, there haven't been any changes to pricing. Okay, thank you. The next question we have is from Ziad of HSBC. Hi, everyone. Thank you for the call. Just two questions from my side, please. The first question is back to do with mobile money. If you could maybe just give us an indication of the growth rates of P2P versus cash out. Like, are you seeing P2P becoming a greater proportion of revenue generating transactions over the past 12 months? And then the second question is, could you possibly provide an outlook for where gearing or debt levels will evolve over the next 12 months? And split between local or dollarized debts. How are you looking at the capital structure of the group going forward? And how should one view your dividend policy over the next 12 to 24 months? Thank you very much. Okay, so the first question, and I will leave the second question to the CFO, Mudit Butete. The first question was on P2P growth versus cash out growth and whether we're seeing faster growth on P2P versus cash out. The answer to that is yes, we're seeing P2P growing faster than cash out. But it's marginal. I would say both are trending in the same direction with P2P and not ahead of cash out growth. We would also expect that, paired with the current product mix and the focus of the business to drive more merchant payments as well. So we would expect P2P to continue to grow much faster than cash out is growing. I'll hand over to the CFO to answer the question on debt and gearing. Right, on the question on debt, as you probably are aware, we have a medium-term facility, five-year medium-term facility for 510 million CDs. And all our debts are local. So we intend to operate within that facility. We're not thinking of having additional debts at this moment. And the debts and the facilities we have are more than enough to meet our level of business at the moment. In terms of what you should make out of our dividend policy, our dividend policy is...

still within the guidance we have given that our dividend policy will pay not to 60% of the profit after tax. But it's also variable. So just in case you are working out the sums for the interim and the final dividend you propose, it's way above the 60%. It's probably at 82%. And the other reason for that was because given the earlier guidance we had with respect to the retained earnings and the optics of the IPO, the board will review that we should actually review the retained earnings as far as possible. So the variable policy this year for the final dividend that we proposed. So going forward at least we still would maintain the guidance that we would operate minimum up to 60% of our 60% payout. And with that, circumstances will vary like it has this year. Then we would also do the same and inform the market as we are doing now. Thank you very much. That's very clear. Thanks. Ladies and gentlemen, just a final reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and then one. We have a question from Samuel Asafu-Aji from IC Securities Ghana Limited. Hi, I would like to ask the initial communication announced at the AGM 5G spectrum. I'd like to know how far along this is and will MTN consider purchasing the spectrum if it is made available perhaps in the next 18 months, 12 to 18 months? And also if you would, what happens with the 4G strategy? Thanks for your question. So in terms of 5G, today we really have no facts about the imminent of a 5G spectrum in Ghana. And therefore we're unable to comment with any sort of facts back in this on what our position is at the moment. However, if in due course we do get something specific that has a more realistic window and we understand the terms of this, then we can provide the right answer to that question. All right, thank you. But on the fine by NCA last year, so MTN Ghana was fined 1.8 million last year by the NCA and management of MTN appealed. Can you give us some background on this and if the regulators' concerns have been addressed in order not to attract subsequent fines? Sure. So first of all, let me just correct something. So the fine was to all telecom operators and not just MTN. And the steps that have been taken have been taken by all telecoms operators as well. So we all through the telecoms chamber did not agree with the fine and we're currently pursuing a legal discussion with the regulator on this. Now until that process concludes and I won't be able to comment at this stage, but we are in a legal discussion with the regulator to try to resolve this based on our disagreement with the basis of the fine. The next question we have is from Rumeir Shah of HSBC. Yeah. Hi. One question again on mobile money. Can you explain how your mobile money agent who actually does this cash in cash out activity as compared with other competitors in mobile money? Like how many agents, what is your agent network as compared to competitors? You're asking how many agents we have versus competition. Is that correct? Yes. Okay. So I don't have the competitors' number accurately, but today we have over 100,000 active agents. And an active agent will do a couple of transactions a day in terms of mobile money. I believe that because there is no exclusivity in terms of agents that there will be a broad overlap with the competitors. But I'm unable to share the numbers with the competitors in terms of mobile money. Okay. I got this. Thank you. And just a follow-up question on this, if I may. Like if the transactions are shifting to P2P where the agent doesn't get commission on that, and how do you see the dynamics over there? Like the agent loyalty towards our MTN? Thanks for the question. So just to clarify, I mean the P2P dynamic is a mobile money dynamic, not an MTN dynamic, right? So there should be no reason for an agent to behave differently towards MTN because of a P2P dynamic that's implicit in mobile money. Now to answer the second part of your question is that today we have approximately 50% penetration of mobile money in our case. And we have another 50% to go. One of the transactional activities start to increase. All transactions will continue to grow at a similar rate. So we would expect agent activity to continue to grow significantly and probably much faster than the rate at which the agent network will grow, which would mean that the earnings per agent should go up. So I'm really not sure where the issue is, but I don't see any major concerns on the agent side at this stage with the level of growth we still have within the market to continue to grow. Understood. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Sir, that was our final question. Do you have any closing comments? Yes, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us for the call. If you have any follow-up questions, you can route it through the Investor Relations website, and I'll be happy to take them and then provide feedback. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.

