 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the MTN Annual Conference Call.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode
 There will be an opportunity to ask questions later during the conference.
 If you should need assistance,
 during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero.
 Please note that this call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeremiah Opoku.
 So please go ahead, sir.
 Okay, thank you.
 Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today to discuss MTN Ghana's annual results for the year ended 31st, December 2018.
 I am Jeremy Opoku, Investor Relations Manager for MC in Ghana.
 with me on the phone today
 They are Selam Adarivov, CEO of MTN Ghana, Modupe Kadri, CFO of MTN Ghana, and Group Investor Relations.
 SELOM will provide you an overview of the company's performance and outlook before we move on to the Q&A session,
 which will be facilitated by the conference call operator.
 so with that
 over to you, fellow.
 Thank you, Jeremiah, and good afternoon, everyone.
 and thanks for joining us today for this call.
 I'll provide a brief overview of our annual performance for 2018
 and our outlook for the current year for sending me over to Q&A.
 So in 2018, MTM Ghana delivered a strong performance.
 Total revenue increased by 23%
 and service revenue by 23.5%.
 largely driven by a strong growth in voice, data, and digital revenue.
 Voice revenue increased by 15% year-on-year, and contributed approximately 46% to total revenue.
 Data revenue grew by 30.2% year-on-year, and contributed 26.1% to total revenue.
 Digital revenue, which includes mobile financial services,
 increased by 34.6% and contributed 24.8% to total revenue.
 I'll hit that margin
 decline year on year
 by some 2.2 percentage points to 37.6%.
 largely due to the introduction of management fees in May 2018.
 adjusted for the management fees
 The EBITDA margin would have been higher by 3.1 percentage points to 40.7%, which underpins
 the strong growth
 on the evidence side
 and the cost management techniques that have been put in place as well.
 We executed well on our CAPEX for the year, and most of our plans were delivered strongly,
 which supported an improvement in coverage, customer experience, as well as quality of service overall.
 and this led
 to very strong subscriber growth
 in the process.
 During the period, our site rollouts were as follows.
 600 2G sites were ruled out.
 1,100
 303G sites were rolled out, and 254G sites were rolled out in 2018.
 The improved network coverage, coupled with aggressive sales and product offerings,
 are responsible for the significant subscriber growth that we observed in 2018.
 Just to give you some detail in the subscriber performance,
 Subscribers increased by 12.7% year-on-year to 20.1 million.
 active data subscribers in the same period was 6.4 million
 And active mobile money subscribers increased year on year by 17.8% to 8.4 million, which
 which is the EPCM definition for both data and mobile money.
 The year 2018 marked a remarkable year in the company's history, as we listed on the
 Ghana Stock Exchange in September.
 on September 5th to be precise, with the largest Ghanian sharehold in Ghana on the Ghana
 book exchange of 127,826.
 After the end of December 2018, MTN Ghana's market capitalization was 9.7 billion Ghana
 cities, making it a
 third largest primary listed company
 on the Ghana Stock Exchange.
 MTM Ghana has declared 2019 as the year of the customer in line with our Bright strategy.
 that being bright is on customer experience.
 With our prime focus on customer experience as a tool to create value for shareholders,
 this to drive more value for our customers and to continue to drive and increase our
 growth of her own.
 We'll continue to work towards our vision to lead the delivery of a bold new digital
 the world.
 .
 and commit their life
 at Holwood Breiter in 2019,
 and we expect an exciting year ahead of us.
 With that, I will hand over to the operator for questions and answers.
 And thanks again to all of you.
 Thank you, sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and then one.
 if you decide to withdraw the question
 please press star and then too.
 The first question we have is from JP Davids of JP Morgan.
 Good afternoon, thank you for the opportunity
 I have a few questions.
 So what I'll do is I'll ask a couple now, and then I'll circle back to the back of the queue
 and see if there's time for some follow-ups.
 Just first kicking off with guidance, you provided an outlook in your prospectus document around the medium term.
 as you say
 2018 has been an outstanding year
 for you, can you
 frame your expectations around the medium-term guidance
 that you provided in that IPO document, i.e. you think you should be on track to meet it
 or beat it, and any risk to not actually meeting it.
 So that would be on the Outlook versus the IPO document.
 and then switching gear
 just do something a little bit smaller.
 within your cost line
 items, your dealer commissions, those are up
 A little bit over 40% year on year, it looks like, running ahead of your revenue growth.
 Can you explain why the dealer commissions are growing so fast and if there are plans in place to address that into 2019?
 Thank you.
 Okay, Muduka here.
 On the issue of
 expectations based on the outlook.
 what we've
 in our prospectus was based on a bright strategy, which was what we call the agenda 25, 20, 15,
 there and in terms of where we have to be were on track in delivering that so
 So we do not see any major risk in terms of delivering those numbers.
 The 25 stands for 25 million subscribers overall, 20 million data and 15 million mobile financial
 Thank you.
 And then in terms of the best customer experience, NPS 10, Perfect 10 as it were.
 So in terms of where we are today, these are these 2018 results, we still would expect
 to be within the guidance we put out in the in the market now your second question
 and dealer commissions um you might be aware or you might not be aware that during the year for the
 change in the government legislation around the VAT administration.
 So what that meant was that previously some line items which you were allowed for your
 input and output tax
 what is allowed, so basically they became a common levy at 2.5 percent. So what that did was to
 spiral to have a local effect on the costs effective from august until december
 Towards the end of the year, we try to pass some of those costs back to the customer because
 consumer tax
 But you'll see, hopefully, the margins getting better in 2019.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question we have is from Kuda Kanugure from Investec Securities.
 Hi, thank you guys for hosting this call.
 Just two questions with regards to mobile data.
 Tell us what happened over the second half.
 it looked like
 growth was 36%.
 over the first half,
 second half was 24%
 understandably there's a base effect
 But just more or less tell us, you know, what are your drivers going forward?
 What are the trends in terms of, you know, 4G smartphone penetration?
 and
 the second part is
 with regards to what sort of impact the gunner's shielding will have on your performance,
 how that impact
 capitalist guidance going forward, but also
 the affordability of
 smartphones.
 Thank you.
 I'm going to have to ask you to repeat the two questions.
 It's not very clear.
 If we could just speak a little bit slower, that would be very helpful.
 I apologize for that.
 Sure, no problem.
 the first part
 I guess just if you could just touch on the
 drivers for mobile data
 going forward, we see that the growth for the second half,
 year in a year was 24%
 And what do you see that being, the sustainable growth rate going forward?
 and more specifically, if you could also touch on the smartphone trends
 that you observed over that second half of the year
 as in what is penetration
 What's the growth?
 How fast is penetration arising?
 and the second part was
 with regards to the Ghana
 shilling
 for the Gunna City
 and how that's going to impact your CapEx and affordability of devices.
 I'll take the first and third, and the CFO will handle the Ghana City question.
 So, the first question, I apologize, it's still not very clear, but I believe you're
 We're asking about smartphone trends in H2 and the date of performance second half of
 the year?
 Correct.
 Okay.
 Okay, so we haven't seen a significant change in the smartphone trends.
 I would say today we have approximately 38% of our subscriber base with smartphones.
 We've seen an increase year on year and would expect to continue to see an increase going
 forward based on the
 trends in the market, particularly in the gray market where a lot of the
 entry-level phones are changing from a feature to a smart feature, and then the features
 into more of a smart woman.
 We also expect to see more affordable smartphones coming on the market going into 2019, and
 this trend started
 last year, but I wouldn't say the impact
 on the business
 has been significant at this point.
 Note that in H2, typically you have the seasonality effect as well in Q4 from all the festivities.
 So that also drives part of the performance.
 And so part of what you are seeing in terms of the numbers is also a seasonality effect coming from the festive season.
 And then on the question on the CD, well, I think normally when we do our business plans,
 We...
 We budget, we take a position on the expected depreciation of the currency, and at least
 based on what we have to do.
 despite the fact that the city has been devastating for some time now, we believe that it's within
 the level of tolerance in our business plans.
 So in terms of the KPEX and what it can do,
 whether plans will be achieved with just by the slide in the city, then we feel optimistic
 we're on cause on that
 And then the other knock-on question, the affordability of dividers.
 I think from the MTN group point of view we've been trying to look for affordable devices
 at a reasonable price point,
 which would be pushed out to the market.
 So in terms of your two questions,
 yes, it's some cause for concern,
 but in terms of our business plans,
 both in the prospectus of even FY19 business plans,
 plans.
 confident and optimistic that the state of equities within the levels are zoomed in those
 All right, thank you.
 That'll be all for me.
 Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, just a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and then one.
 We have a question from Amy Scheng of Equinox Partners.
 Hi, thanks for the call.
 I'm interested in hearing about any update of the competitive environment in Ghana and
 whether any
 competitors have changed strategies?
 Sorry, can you repeat the question again?
 Yeah.
 I'm curious to get an update on the competitive environment in Ghana
 and whether any competitors have changed strategies.
 So, in terms of the competitive environment, the most significant changes during the year,
 or coming into 2019, is the acquisition of a 4G license by Vodafone.
 so that's a big change that has happened
 and the second one would be the
 measure of
 And so,
 Airtail Seagull
 So this happened before the prospectus was released, so this may have been covered already.
 So these are the two significant effects within the competitive space.
 Does that answer your question, Amy?
 yes sorry uh sorry if i'm not being specific enough um i i understand sort of that these two
 events happen. I'm curious if you've seen any impact on your business, if you've seen any
 impact on sort of the plans
 they're offering or the pricing of those plans based on the acquisition of the license and
 the merger.
 I mean, the license has been acquired, but the 4G has not yet been launched by Vodafone.
 and we expect that to happen in the next couple of months.
 month.
 Our primary view is that today we have approximately 38% smartphone penetration
 And therefore, we would expect that penetration to continue to increase.
 the PI for data will continue to increase
 and therefore would expect the impact on our growth to continue to be about the same.
 from the
 perspective of an increase
 in time plus an increase
 to maximum penetration in the market, please.
 The next question we have is from Douglas, home of Deakin Value Investors.
 Hey, guys.
 I just had a quick question on the digital business excluding Momo.
 so
 You said mobile money was 17.7% of revenue, and digital, excluding MoMA, was 24.8% of revenue.
 So digital excluding MoMA was 7% of revenue or about $300 million CD.
 last year
 in the IPO documents
 it looked like the digital business excluding NOMO was $310 million.
 So I don't know if your digital business shrank or if you've redefined the digital segment,
 but if you could help us understand that
 I would appreciate it.
 Thanks for the question.
 question.
 very quickly
 there are two main things happening there
 There is a slight definition change, but the more significant changes you would have observed
 where last year we made a decision to apply some transparency rules
 to our entire digital portfolio.
 What this means is we had a lot of complaints over the years
 from customers saying
 they did not necessarily subscribe
 to specific services and what we've now done is we've implemented specific
 feature to
 prevent accidental
 subscription and also
 to purge you this
 that have subscriptions
 that are actively using the products.
 So for these specific services, we've seen a reduction.
 what is the reduction
 that we plan
 to actually have
 based on
 improving our customer experience overall
 and drive in continued usage of our network.
 Okay, so it's fair to say that the business did shrink slightly in 2018?
 Yes, it's great to see you.
 On the data side,
 you know, obviously
 it
 consumption was up 92%.
 I guess is that, but revenue was only increasing 30%,
 So, obviously, the cost per byte of data, is that simply, you know, a mix in data consumption between 4G and 3G?
 data is cheaper on 4G than 3G?
 You're lowering the tariffs overall, or can you help us understand, you know,
 what drove the wide discrepancy in those two numbers?
 A couple of things.
 I mean, the first one is we launched 4G
 aggressively last year.
 the actual launch was before
 but coming into Q4 2017.
 Now, one of the things we did last year consciously, once you move on to 4G, your data consumption
 rate increases significantly.
 In order to be able to manage customer expectations,
 we increase the number of megabytes per CD
 that the 4G users actually purchase, right?
 So that's part of the effect you're seeing in the numbers there
 where there's a significant growth
 in terms of traffic
 versus the revenue growth.
 The second element is
 we have also intensified
 our customer value management activities,
 which is a segmented approach to try to target and move data customers across the data usage chain.
 And to do this, we've had to give out some free MDs to get people to try our network out and continue to drive their increased use.
 So these are the two main effects you're seeing, probably the larger effect being the 4G drive
 to get people's usage, KSD much higher than it is in 3G and 2G.
 I'll get back in line.
 Thank you, sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, just a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and then one.
 The next question we have is from Nita Bhatt of DBI.
 hi guys
 I have a couple of quick questions.
 The first one is you just mentioned there was an acquisition of a
 Colgy license by Vodafone.
 Can you let us know what was the price they paid for that 4G license?
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 so
 first of all
 the
 the license that Vodafone
 got was a 2x5 megahertz 800 spectrum, price of $30 million.
 God.
 Got it, got it.
 And secondly, the, you know,
 there are some of your network
 licenses that are
 some of the GSM licenses that are coming up for renewal this year in 2019,
 what is the plan in terms of the CapEx spend
 to renew those licenses.
 Okay, so currently we have some provisions for this,
 but we don't have a sense of the actual cupcakes.
 We've actually applied to the NTA to renew.
 The actual regulatory framework stipulates that the renewal will happen three months
 before the expiry of the license.
 And the specific licenses we have expiring this year,
 There are two specific licenses, the 2G, which expires in December 2019, and the International
 gates we let expire
 in August, so where
 way ahead of the three-month period
 to actually get specifics from the NCA.
 notwithstanding that we have initiated a process
 and we're expecting to hear about from the NCA in due course.
 Understood.
 understood, but just to give us a sense of
 the pricing for the renewal
 or what is the provision amount in the budget, TAPEX budget?
 Be speculative, if I may.
 I mean, we'll have to wait for the NCAA to actually do the evaluations and come up with a prize.
 Okay, got it. Is there a risk that the license won't be renewed? And if that happens, what is the, you know, what is the management action?
 Sure.
 I mean, first of all, let me just add some additional context.
 The December 2019 expiry affects every single player in the industry, not just MTN.
 so the likelihood
 of a non-renewal
 would essentially
 constitute a shutdown of the telecoms
 industry. It's very unlikely
 that that would happen.
 Understood. Great. Thank you.
 Thank you so
 Ladies and gentlemen, just a final reminder.
 if you would like to ask a question
 Please press star and then wand.
 We have a follow-up question from Douglas Holm of Deakin Value Investors.
 Hey, guys.
 just on the
 the mobile money side.
 Can we just talk about the main drivers of the increase?
 You know, revenue increase 61% a year.
 You know, I think subs were up about 18%.
 So if you could just talk a little bit about the increase in the sales.
 And then also on the commission side, they increased 38%, but decreased as a percentage of sales from about 51% to 44%.
 And so if you could explain that variation as well, would be appreciated.
 Sure.
 so yes you're right
 in terms of
 of mobile money we saw at 17.8% increase year on year.
 and I think your question is the revenue grew by about 60%
 of the back of an approximate 18% subscriber group.
 now
 there are a number of things
 So More Money is a network-based product
 where the more people you have in your network,
 is faster your transactional,
 if I say a transactional
 frequency grows.
 By increasing your number of customers by 18%,
 What that means is the number of transactions per user overall increases some multiple of that 18%.
 So, you would have two main components of your growth, which is transactional frequency
 plus your subscriber growth.
 And that's why you're seeing a much faster revenue growth than your subscriber growth.
 So it's quite normal for a Mormon industry for that to be the case.
 However, if you peel the onion a little bit more, we're also expanding our activities
 in the ecosystem.
 So first of all, we're seeing a lot more transactional activity in merchant payments.
 We're seeing more merchants, more bill payment companies coming on board, and all of these
 will be expanding the ecosystem
 to enable that transactional frequency that I refer to
 to actually happen
 or to actually materialize.
 And so these are the key drivers of mobile money growth
 that we're seeing.
 the base
 productive work
 in the
 Are you accepted at?
 Sorry, can you just repeat that?
 How many stores or merchants are you accepted at at this point?
 We finished last year about 60,000 merchants.
 Yes.
 Okay.
 And how is that in comparison to 2017?
 team?
 It's
 most
 about
 Merchant Activity happened last year.
 We had just started out in 2017.
 And then the commission question, just why it decreased as a percentage of sales.
 So can you just repeat that question?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so Momo commissions, you break out in the financials, and it was the absolute number increased 38%.
 But if you look at it as a percentage of MoMo revenue, it declined from 51% to 44%.
 So just wondering why the commission has decreased as a percentage of sales.
 Sure.
 so again
 it's a
 it's
 but could you have a little money?
 Now, the two primary transactions
 that attract the commission of cash-ins and cash-outs.
 And the more you expand your product to full, you're into non-commissioned-bearing products
 like medicine payments, for example, or bill payments, for example,
 the lawyer of commission
 pair revenue.
 So it is really the fact that we're expanding our business into products that are less commission-generating.
 loans, for example, pension payments, things like that are all non-commissioned
 generating transactions which are contributing to the total revenue.
 Thank you.
 Gotcha.
 Okay.
 And then just the last couple of questions.
 I might have missed it
 but in terms of
 what's the
 estimate for 2019
 CAPEX needs.
 yeah so for 2019 the guidance again is 159 million u.s
 one price of money
 What was that?
 I mean,
 159.
 Okay.
 And then the management fee.
 Is the management fee calculated as 5% of sales or just 5% of telecom sales?
 So if mobile money grows, does it affect the management fee or not?
 Sorry, the last part of the question was?
 does the management
 fee get paid on mobile
 money or just the
 telecom side of the business.
 us.
 Yeah, it's total, it's for the total side of the business, because basically, these are for services the group renders to both Camcom and the subsidiaries, it's one of our mobile money limited now.
 So, you know, in terms of all the technology support that is required to run the platform
 and to run the core business.
 So the minor fees is on everything as per the agreement signed with the relevant government
 authority, and it's not quite a straightforward
 calculation of 5% on sales
 but the guidance normally give it
 approximate to roughly that but it's when you look at the agreement signs
 it's actually much more complicated
 but at least when you work out
 the sums, it comes to roughly
 We have about 5% over in this.
 Okay.
 And then the last question, just on expenses, maybe a few parts in this.
 So, the costs came in slightly higher than the ICO was predicting, at about $2.5 billion versus $2.37 billion.
 and just was wondering
 which expenses came in higher than expected and why.
 Okay, so maybe I'll answer that question partially, maybe before you joined, but let me
 I'm sure I quit myself.
 I said, that's okay, it's not a problem.
 I said in August of 2018, there was a change in the VAT administration in this country.
 So basically what it did was that some items, which you could have claimed input-output VAT on,
 2.5% thereon became a levy, which meant that for every purchase that you have to make,
 There was a 2.5 level and it's an extra cost.
 So that had enough
 on effects on all sides of the business, in the sense that one, obviously your subscriber
 processing power is down because of what it could
 it could buy, too, was the fact that your commissions would have an open effect in terms
 of that levying phase by the company.
 And then, of course, three, your OPEX will also be impacted by it.
 So what happened was that of the 17.5% previously, 5% became a permanent levy for the National
 health insurance and two and a half percent for the educational fund.
 So it meant that for every purchase or any transaction going forward from August of 2018,
 they had a spiral effect on the course.
 what would then happen is depending on how long your supply chain is or your
 value chain is, that
 It's like a lyric, you keep it.
 so in place
 then
 you have a
 supplier who is dependent on another supplier then ultimately you're going
 to have a knock-on effect, depending on how long that chain is, and you eventually have
 to pay those costs.
 So that's what happens for the later half of 2018, and you see the costs going on.
 And I will just add that towards the end of the year, we eventually try to pass some of
 those costs back to subscriber, not 100%, but just to minimize the effect on the business.
 Okay.
 All right.
 the direct network
 operating costs increasing
 17%.
 Um,
 I mean, is this, you know,
 Transmission costs were up 13%.
 network maintenance costs were up 43%.
 Is this what we should expect going forward, or, you know, I guess what were the drivers of the network operating costs, and how do we think about it?
 So the network cost will be, there will be a correlation with the site rollouts.
 So, we told you the number of sites we built during the year, obviously we'll have to pay
 for the rentals for those
 Then another knock-on effect was the cost of energy and power, coupled with the fact
 that the CD was depreciating again, so all the past two costs that would impact on your
 network operating costs.
 So two things, basically.
 number of sites that would roll out in terms of greenfields would impact on your network
 costs.
 two.
 And the economic conditions in the country would also impact on that.
 And the third one would have been that even though CTI was trending down for most part of 2018,
 the agreement we have
 with its Sawa Komnis.
 actually takes the pricing based on the year-end exits for for for the site
 friend them.
 So,
 it's a good job
 you had a escalation at 12 percent would apply for the whole of 2018 notwithstanding the fact that
 that the CPI was probably up on 9% or 9.5.
 So that's how it works.
 So two things, like I said, number of sites will allow the channel sites, and two, your
 economic
 macroeconomic conditions
 in terms of inflation and in terms of
 the CD
 depreciation.
 Thank you.
 The next question we have
 is from me, Ampa Soa of
 Delta Bank Asset Management Services Limited.
 Me, you can go ahead.
 Okay, good afternoon.
 Hello, good afternoon.
 I have a question on market share.
 and in the commentary
 on the summary
 on the
 summary
 Sorry, the financial statements.
 You quoted that the market share was 59.9 as a 2018 end of year.
 I'd like to know by what metrics is this measured by, and are you losing customers or gaining compared to 2017 last year?
 Thank you.
 Okay, thanks for the question.
 So, just to clarify, 59.9% market share is the data market share disclosed by the NCA.
 on the voice side
 The market share is 49%.
 sense.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 I'd like to know if compared to 2017, are you losing customers or gaining customers?
 No, we've actually gained market share since 2017.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 And the final question.
 Concerning trade receivables, I would like to know,
 Within what period do you see that the receivables you have in a year are finally paid off?
 Well, it's only going on. Hello, can you hear me?
 it depends on these
 Yes, I can.
 Good.
 It depends on the various contracts you have in place, but normally within a year, it's
 a rolling balance.
 So take, for instance, your interconnects.
 So Interconnect has a probably 60 to 90 days payment settlement from all parties.
 So it keeps rolling.
 you're always going to have a balance but it's not it's not it's not the age
 balance as it was then mostly current balances
 Are there any that do not pay at all?
 and by what percentage of your trade dismissivables do they,
 do they,
 and such direct form.
 well
 In line with IRF, normally you do your provision for credit losses in terms of the best accounting
 In fact,
 deaths that you feel are doubtful for whatever reason and but at least even given by those
 standard it's less than ten percent so on the average but my point is that the
 the fact that we get a provision for credit laws
 does not translate into a credit loss.
 It's just based on what the standards or the guidance that is given to you.
 but like I said, in our case, in our own business,
 Most of the trade receivables may take some while,
 but they tend to be current.
 and you know it's just like if you are if you work with the government you may have
 some government debts but the government will always make good their debts doesn't mean that
 He's back.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 The next question we have is from Seki Mutukua from Ashmore Group.
 I thank you for the call
 two questions please
 is it possible to give
 a breakdown of the revenue
 in the mobile financial services
 just in terms of sort of PTP, cash in and cash out.
 And then the second question was, within the sort of segments or sub-segments in mobile financial services,
 Have you changed fees charged to customers during 2018, whether that's been lowering them or raising them?
 Thank you.
 Okay, so thanks for your question.
 So in terms of revenue, P2P, cash-in, cash-out, you'd probably be aware that cash-in, there's
 and attract any revenue
 So the majority of the revenue is between P2P and cash out.
 P2P is approximately 30%
 and cash out is approximately 65% of total revenue.
 Your second question was, I believe, on price and if I heard you right,
 and if there have been any changes to pricing during the year
 There haven't been any changes to price.
 Okay, thank you.
 The next question we have is from Ziad of HSBC.
 Hi, everyone.
 Thanks, everyone.
 Thank you for the call.
 two questions from my side please
 The first question has got to do with mobile money.
 if you could maybe
 just give us an indication
 of the growth rates of P2P versus cash out.
 Like, are you seeing P2P becoming a greater proportion of revenue-generating transactions over the past 12 months?
 And then the second question is, could you possibly provide an outlook for where gearing or debt,
 How it will evolve over the next 12 months, you know, and split between local or dollarized debt.
 how are you looking at the capital structure
 of the group going forward
 and how should one view your dividend policy over the next 12 to 24 months.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, so the first question, and I'll leave the second question to the CFO and we'll do
 way to take. The first question was on
 P2P growth versus cash out growth
 and whether we're seeing
 flashback growth
 on P2P versus cash out?
 The answer to that is yes.
 We're seeing P2P growing faster than cash out, but it's marginal.
 I would say both are trending in the same direction with P2P, a notch ahead of cash
 health growth.
 We would also expect that to pair the current product mix and the focus of the business
 to drive more merchant payments as well.
 So we'll expect P2P to continue to grow much faster than Peshaw is growing.
 I'll hand it over to the CFO to answer the question on that I'm doing.
 Right.
 But on the question on this, as you probably are aware, that we have a medium-term facility,
 Thank you very much.
 facilities for 510 million cities and all our debts are local so we intend to
 operate within those within that facility we're not thinking of having
 additional debts
 at this moment and the debt and the facilities we have are more than enough to meet a level
 of business at the moment.
 In terms of what you should make out of our dividend policy, our dividend policies will
 still within the guidance we have given that we have a dividend policy of paying up to 60% of the
 profit after-tax but it's also variable so just in case you are looking at
 is done for the
 interim and the final David Angel proposes
 way above the 60%
 problem at 82% and the only reason for that was because given the earlier guidance we
 had with respect to the retail engines and the uptick of the IPO you know the bubble of the view
 that, you know, we should actually reduce the
 maintain as far as possible so the very
 that policy this year for the final dividend that we proposed.
 So going forward, at least we still would maintain the guidance that we would operate
 minimum up to 60 percent of uh uh 60 percent payout and uh move that
 If those circumstances were to vary, like houses here, then we would also do the same
 and inform the marketers who are there now.
 Thank you very much.
 That's very clear.
 Thanks.
 Ladies and gentlemen, just a final reminder.
 if you would like to ask a question
 Please press star and then one.
 Thank you.
 We have a question from Samuel Asafu-Aji from IC Securities Ghana Limited.
 I would like to ask, the initial communication analysis, they are getting a 5G spectrum.
 I'd like to know how far along this is, and will MTN consider tension in the spectrum
 if it may not be available.
 perhaps in the next 18 months, 12 to 18 months.
 And also, if you would, what happens with the 4G strategy?
 Thank you.
 Thanks for your question.
 so in terms of 5G
 today we really have
 no facts about
 their imminence of a 5G spectrum in Ghana,
 and therefore weren't able to
 comment with any sort of fact
 to back invest on what our position is at the moment.
 and however if in due course
 we do get something specific
 that has a more realistic window and we understand the terms of this,
 then we can provide the right answer to that question.
 All right, thank you.
 but on that fine by NCA last year.
 So MTN Ghana was fined $1.8 million last year by the NCAA,
 and then management of MTN appealed.
 Can you give us some background on this and if the regulator's concerns are
 have been addressed in order not to act subsequent fine.
 chair
 So first of all, let me just correct something.
 and so the fine was
 The sign was to all telecom-operated and not just MTM.
 and
 the steps that have been taken
 have been taken by all telecoms operators as well.
 so we all
 through the telecoms chamber did not agree with a fine and we're currently pursuing a legal
 discussion with the regulator on this.
 Now, until that process concludes, I won't be able to comment at this stage, but we are
 in a legal discussion
 with a right believer to try to resolve this
 based on our disagreement
 with the basis of the final.
 The next question we have is from Ramesh of HSBC.
 yeah
 Hi, one question again on mobile money.
 Can you explain how your mobile money agent who actually does this cash-in, cash-out activity
 as compared with other competitors in mobile money
 like how many
 agent, what is your agent network
 as compared to competitors.
 Thank you.
 You're asking how many agents we have versus competition.
 Is that correct?
 Yes.
 okay
 so I
 you know
 I don't have
 the
 the number that
 accurately but
 Today, we have over 100,000 active agents, and an active agent will do a couple of transactions
 a day in terms of
 mobile money.
 I believe that
 because there is no
 exclusivity
 in
 in terms of agents
 that there will be a broad overlap with the competitors, but I'm unable to share the numbers
 in a competitive in terms of movement.
 Okay, I got this.
 Thank you.
 And just a follow-up question on this, if I may.
 like if the transactions are shifting to P2P where the agent doesn't get
 commission on that and how do you see the dynamics over there like the agent
 loyalty towards
 our
 MTN.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for the question.
 So, just to clarify, I mean, the P2P dynamic is a well-money dynamic, not an MTN dynamic, right?
 So there should be no reason for an agent to behave differently towards MTN because of a P2P dynamic that's implicit in mobile money.
 now
 to answer the second part
 of your question is
 today we have
 approximately 50%
 penetration of
 more money now
 And we have another 50% to go.
 Once the transactional activity starts to increase, all transactions will continue to grow at a similar rate.
 So we would expect Asian activity to continue to grow significantly and probably much faster
 on the race
 at which the agent
 network will grow, which would mean that the earnings per agent should go up.
 so I'm really not sure
 you know
 where the issue is
 but I don't see any major concerns on the agent side at this stage
 for the level of growth we still have within the market to continue to grow.
 Understood. Thank you.
 Thank you, sir.
 So that was our final question.
 Do you have any closing comments?
 Yes, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us for the call.
 if you have Amy
 Any follow-up questions, you can route it through the investor relations website and
 I'll be happy to take them and then provide feedback.
 Thank you.
 Thank you so much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference.
 thank you for joining us
 You may now disconnect your lines.