 Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the MTN annual conference call.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 There will be an opportunity to ask questions later during the conference.
 If you should need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero.
 Please note that this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeremiah O'Poku. Please go ahead sir
 Okay, thank you.
 Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today to discuss MT and Gannon.
 annual results for the year and the 31st of December 2018.
 I am Jere Mo Poku, Investor Relations Manager for ANGANA.
 With me on the phone today,
 I still have a madad involved.
 CEO of MT and Ghana, Modupe Kadri,
 CFO of MT and Ghana and group investor relations.
 Selom will provide you an overview of the company's performance and outlook before we
 move on to the Q&A session, which will be facilitated by the conference call of Perica.
 So with that, over to you, Salom.
 Thank you, Jeremy, and good afternoon, everyone.
 Thanks for joining us today for this call.
 I'll provide a brief overview of our annual performance
 2018 and our outlook for the current year for sending it over to Q&A.
 So, in 2018, MTN Ghana delivered a strong performance, total revenue increased by 23% and service
 revenue by 23.5%.
 and largely driven by a strong growth in voice, data,
 and digital revenue.
 Voice revenue increased by 15% year-on-year and
 and contributed approximately for the six percent to total revenue.
 Data revenue grew by 50.2% year-on-year and contributed 26.1% to total revenue.
 Vigital revenue, which includes mobile financial services,
 increased by 34.6% and contributed 24.8% to total revenue.
 I'll enter that margin, decline year on year by some 2.2 percentage points to 37.6 percent.
 largely due to the introduction of management fees in May 2018.
 scene.
 Adjusted for the management fees, the EBITDA margin would have been higher by 3.1 percentage points to 40.7 percent,
 which underpins the strong growth on the evidence side and the cost management techniques that have been put in place as well.
 We executed well on our CAPEX for the year and most of our plans were delivered strongly,
 support of improvement in coverage, customer experience, as well as quality
 quality of service overall and this led to very strong subscriber growth in the
 the process. During the period, our site ruled out where it follows. 600 2G sites were ruled
 out, 1,103G sites were rolled out, and 2504G sites
 were rolled out in 2018.
 to improve network coverage.
 coupled with aggressive skills.
 product offerings.
 responsible for the significant subscriber growth that we observed in 2018.
 to give you some detail and subscribe at the full length.
 Subscribe and increase by 12.7% year-on-year to 20.1 million.
 Active data subscribers in the same period was 6.4 million, and active mobile money subscribers
 increase the year-on-year by 17.8% to 8.4 million, which is the MCN definition for both
 data and more on money.
 The year 2018 marked a remarkable and remarkable year in the company's history as we listed
 in the Gunner stuff exchange in September on September 5th to be precise with the
 largest Ghanian sharehold in Ghana on the Ghanasluk exchange of 127,826.
 At the end of December 2018, MT and GANES market capitalization was 9.7 billion GANES
 making it the third largest primary listed company on the Ghana stock exchange.
 MT and Ghana declared 2019 as a year of a customer in line with our Bright strategy.
 that being griped is a custom experience.
 Without prime focus on customer experience as a tool to create value for shareholders to drive more
 more value for our catalyst and to continue to drive and increase our growth of a role.
 We'll continue to work towards our vision to lead the delivery of a bold new digital
 to the world, to the customers.
 to make their lives a whole lot brighter in 2019.
 and we expect an exciting year ahead of us.
 With that, I will hand over to the operator for questions and answers.
 And thanks again to all of you.
 Thank you, so ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and then one
 If you decide to withdraw the question, please press star and min 2.
 The first question we have is from JP Davids of JP Morgan.
 Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity.
 I have a few questions, so what I'll do is I'll ask a couple now and then I'll circle
 back to the back of the queue and see if there's time for some follow-ups. Just first kicking
 off with guidance, you provided an outlook in your prospectus document around the medium
 term. As you say, 2018 has been an outstanding year for you. Can you frame your expectations
 around the medium term guidance that you provided in that ICIR document, i.e. you think you should
 should be on track to meet it or beat it in any risk to not actually meeting it, so that
 be on the RPLIC versus the IPO document.
 and then switching gears just to something a little bit smaller
 within your cost line items, your dealer commissions,
 For those who are up a little bit over 40% year on year, it looks like running ahead
 of your revenue growth, can you explain why the dealer commissions are growing so fast
 and if there are plans in place to address that into 2019.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 On the issue of expectations based on the outlook, what we framed in our prospectus
 So it was based on our BRAC strategy, which was what
 We'll call that in the next 25, 25, 10, 10.
 And in terms of where we have to be on track in delivering that, so we don't have to see
 any major risk in terms of delivering those numbers.
 and the 25 stars for 25 million subscribers overall,
 20 million data and 50 million new financial services.
 And then in terms of the best customer experience,
 And there's 10, perfect 10 as it was.
 So in terms of where we are today, with the 2018 results, we still would expect to be
 Putting the guidance we put out in the market.
 Thank you for your time.
 Good luck.
 And you might be aware, or you might not be aware that during the year for the change
 in the government legislation around the VAT administration.
 So what that meant was that previously some line items,
 which you were allowed for your input and output tax,
 people that output tax what is allowed, basically they came in for my levy at 2.5%.
 So what that did was to spiral and to have enough of an effect on the cost, effective
 from August till December, towards the end of the year we try to pass some of those calls
 back to the customer because they consume attacks but you'll see hopefully the
 Martin is getting better in 2019.
 Thank you very much.
 The question we have is from Kuda Kandunguria from Investex Securities.
 Hi, thank you guys for hosting this call.
 Uh, just two questions, uh, with regards to mobile data, uh,
 Tell us what happened over the second half.
 It looked like growth was 36% over the first half,
 It's freaking out for 24%.
 Understandably, there's a basic effect, but more or less tell us what are your drivers
 of going forward, what are the trends in terms of, you know, 4G smartphone penetration, and
 And the second part is with regards to what sort of intract the Ghana shelling will have
 on your performance, how will that impact capital's
 but also the affordability of smart phones.
 Thank you.
 I'm going to have to ask you to repeat the two questions.
 It's not very clear.
 But if you can just speak a little bit slower, that would be very helpful, apologies for that.
 sure no problem. The first spot I guess just if you could just touch on the
 It drives us for mobile data going forward.
 We see that the growth of the second off year in a year was 24%.
 And what do you see that being,
 the sustainable growth rate going forward?
 And most specifically, if you could just
 touch on these, you know, the smartphone trends that you observed over that second
 out of the year than what is penetration,
 So what's the growth, how fast is penetration arising?
 And the second part was with regards to the Ghana city and how that's going to impact
 your capex and affordability of devices.
 I'll take a first and third and the CFO will handle the Ghana city question.
 So the first question, I apologize, is still not very clear, but I believe you're asking
 about smartphone trends in age two and the data performance
 in half of the year.
 Great.
 OK.
 So we haven't seen a significant change
 in the smart phone trains.
 I'll say today we have approximately 38% of our subscriber base with smartphones and we
 We've seen an increase year on year.
 And we'll expect to continue to see an increase going forward based on the trends in the market,
 in the gray market where a lot of the entry-level phones are changing from
 a feature to a smart feature and then the features into more of a smart phone.
 expect to see more affordable smart phones coming on the market going into
 2019 and this trend started last year but I wouldn't say the impact on the
 business has been significant at this point. Note that in age two, typically, you have
 the seasonality effect as well in Q4 from all the festivities, so that also drives quite
 of the performance. So part of what you have seen in terms of the numbers is also I see
 coming from the best this season.
 best this season.
 And then on the question on the CD, I think normally when we do our business plans, we
 We budget to take a position on the expected depreciation of the currency, and at least
 This is the way we have to be.
 despite the fact that the city has been depositing for some time now, we believe that it would
 within the level of tolerance in my business plans.
 So in terms of the KIPEX and what it can do,
 whether plans will be achieved with just by the slide in the city,
 and we feel optimistic, of course, on that.
 And then the other knock-on question there for the ability of devices, I think from the
 The M10 group point of view has been trying to look for affordable devices at a reasonable
 price points which would be pushed out to the market.
 And then I got two questions.
 Yes, it's some cost for concern.
 But in terms of our business plans, both in the prospectus and even in FY19 business
 plans, we are confident and optimistic that the state of the crisis within the levels
 So I zoomed in those plans.
 All right, thank you, that'll be all for me.
 Thank you sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, just a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press
 start and then one.
 We have a question from Amy Shang of Equinox Partners.
 Hi, thanks for the call.
 I'm interested in hearing about any update of the competitive environment in Ghana and
 whether...
 Any competitors have changed strategies?
 Sorry, can you repeat the question again?
 Yeah, I'm curious to get an update on the competitive environment in Ghana and whether
 Are there any competitors of changed strategies?
 So, in terms of the competitive environment there are the most significant changes during
 the year, or coming into 2019, is the acquisition of a 4G license by Vodafone.
 So that's a big change that has happened. The second one would be the measure of air
 This happened before the prospectus was released, so this now has been covered already.
 So these are the two significant effects within the competitive space.
 Does that answer your question, Amy?
 Yes, sorry, sorry if I'm not being specific enough.
 I understand sort of that these two events happened.
 I'm curious if you've seen any impacts on your business.
 if you've seen any impact on the plans they're offering
 or the pricing of those plans based on the acquisition
 of the license and the merger.
 The license has been acquired, but the 4G has not yet been launched by Vodafone.
 and we expect that to happen in the next couple of months.
 Our primary view is that today we have approximately 38% smart phone penetration, and therefore
 would expect that penetration to continue to increase,
 The pie for data will continue to increase, and therefore will expect the impact when
 now grows to continue to be about the same, from the perspective of an increase in pi
 plus an increase in marketing penetration in the market, please.
 The next question we have is from Douglas, home of Deakin Value Investors.
 Hey guys, I just had a quick question on the digital business excluding MoMo, so you said
 MoMo money was...
 ...
 17.7% of revenue and digital excluding MoMo is 24.8% of revenue, so digital excluding
 MoMo was 7% of revenue, about 300 million CD.
 Last year, in the IPO documents, it looked like the digital business excluding NOMO was
 310 million. So, I don't know if your digital business shrank or if you've redefined, you
 the digital segment, but if you could help us understand that, it would be appreciated.
 Thanks for the question.
 It's very quickly. There are two main things happening there. The rate of definition, a slight definition change, and by this the most
 significant changes you'd have observed where last year we made a decision to
 apply some transparency rules to our entire digital portfolio. What this means
 We had a lot of complaints over the years from customers saying they did not necessarily
 subscribe to specific services and what we've now done is we've implemented
 specific features to prevent accidental subscriptions and also to encourage users
 that have subscriptions that are actively used in the products.
 So, for these specific services, we've seen a reduction, but this is a reduction that
 we've planned to actually have based on improvement,
 And I'll have to make some experience overall and drive in continued usage of our next one.
 Okay, so it's fair to say that the business did shrink slightly in 2018.
 Yes.
 And then on the data side, obviously,
 The estimated consumption was up 92%.
 I guess is that, but revenue was only increasing 30%.
 So, obviously, the cost per byte of data was decreasing.
 Is that simply, you know, a mix in data consumption between 4G and 3G?
 data is cheaper on 4G than 3G, is it you're lowering the tariffs overall or can you help
 us understand what drove the wide discrepancy in those two numbers.
 A couple of things. The first one is we launched 4G aggressively last year.
 The actual launch was before. We're coming into Q4 2017.
 Now, one of the things we did last year consciously, once you move on to 4G, your data consumption
 rate increases significantly. In order to be able to manage customer expectations, we
 increase the number of megabytes.
 pair CD that the 4G users actually purchased, right?
 So that's part of the aspect you're seeing in the numbers there where there's a significant
 growth in terms of traffic versus the revenue growth.
 The second element is we have also intensified
 our customer value management activities,
 which is a segmented approach to try to target
 and move data customers across the data usage chain.
 And to do this, we've had to give out some free MBs
 to get people to try our network out and continue to drive their increased usage.
 So these are the two main...
 ...
 effects you're seeing probably the larger effect of being the 4G drive and to get
 people usage, pay a CD much higher than it is in 3G and 2G.
 Okay, I'll get back in line
 Thank you so ladies and gentlemen just a reminder if you would like to ask a
 question please press star and then 1. The next question we have is for meetup
 of DBI.
 Hi guys, I have a couple of quick questions
 questions. The first one is you just mentioned there was an
 acquisition of a 4G license by Vodafone.
 Can you let us know what was the price they paid for that 4g license?
 OK.
 So, first of all, the license that Vodafone got was a 2x5 megahertz 800 spectrum, a price
 of $70 million.
 And secondly, you know, there are some of your network licenses that are some of the
 GSM licenses that are coming up for renewal this year in 2019.
 What is the plan in terms of the CAPEX pen to renew those licenses?
 Okay, so currently we have some provisions for this but we don't have a sense of the actual cupcakes
 We've actually applied to the NTA to renew.
 The actual regulatory framework stipulates that the renewal would happen three months before the expiry of the license and
 And the specific licenses we have expired this year are two specific licenses,
 is the 2G which expires in December 2019.
 and the international gateway that expires in August.
 so we're way ahead of the three months period.
 to actually get specifics from the NCA.
 not with sudden in that we have initiated a process
 and we're expecting to hear back from the NCA in due course.
 Understood.
 So, but just to give us a sense of the pricing for the renewal, what is the provision amount
 in the budget, the ethics budget to be speculative if, if I may, I mean, it would have to wait
 for the NCA to actually do the evaluations and come out with a price.
 Okay, got it.
 Is there a risk that the license won't be renewed and if that happens, what is the management
 action?
 I mean, first of all, let me just add to my additional context.
 The December 2019 expiry affects every single player in the industry.
 not just MTN. So the likelihood of a non-renewal would essentially constitute a shutdown of
 of the telecoms industry.
 It's very unlikely that that would happen.
 Understood.
 Great. Thank you.
 Thank you so.
 Ladies and gentlemen, just a final reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please
 This is star and then one.
 We have a follow-up question from Douglas Holm of Deakin Value Investors.
 Cheers.
 Hey guys.
 Um, just on the mobile money side, um, we just talk about the main drivers of the increase,
 Revenue increased 61% a year.
 So, you know, I think subs were up about 18 percent.
 So, if you...
 just talk a little bit about it, the increase in the sales, and then also on the commissions
 That increased 38%, but decreased as a percentage of sales from about 51% to 44%.
 And so if you could explain that variation as well, he appreciates it.
 Sure.
 So, yes, you're right, in terms of mobile money,
 We saw a 17.8% increase year on year.
 And I think your question is, the revenue grew by about 60%
 of the back of an approximate 18% subscriber group.
 Now there there are a number of things so more money is a network based product where
 where the more people you have in your network,
 It's fast by your transactional.
 It's faster your transactional frequency grows.
 by increasing your number of customers by 18%.
 What that means is a number of transactions
 to a user of a role.
 increases some multiple of that eighteen percent
 So you would have two main components of your growth,
 which is transactional frequency,
 plus your subscriber growth.
 And that's why you're seeing a much faster revenue growth than your subscriber growth.
 It's quite normal for a moral industry for that to be the case.
 However, it could peel the onion a little bit more,
 And we're also expanding our activities in the ecosystem.
 So first of all, we're seeing a lot more transactional activity
 in merchant payments.
 We're seeing more, more merchants,
 more bill payment companies coming on board.
 And all of these will be expanding the ecosystem
 to enable that transnational frequency
 that I refer to to actually happen or to actually materialize.
 And so these are the key drivers of multi-money growth
 and that we're seeing.
 The base product is worse than the one you accepted at.
 So can you just repeat that?
 How many stores or merchants are you accepted at at this point?
 We finished last year about 60,000 versions.
 Okay. And how is that in comparison to 2017?
 Because most of our mission activity happened last year, we had Jeff start it out in 2017.
 And then the commission question, just why it decreases a percentage of sales?
 So can you just repeat that question?
 Yeah, so MoMo commissions, you break out in the financials and it was the absolute number
 increased 38 percent, but if you look at it as a percentage of MoMo revenue, it declined
 from 51% to 44%.
 So just wondering why the commission has decreased
 Okay, sure. So again, it's peculiar with mobile money.
 Now, the two primary transactions that abstract the commission are cash-ins and cash-outs.
 And the more you expand your product before you into non-commissioned bearing products
 like mention payments, for example,
 or bill payments, for example,
 the lower your commission pay revenue.
 So it is really the fact that we're expanding our business
 into products that are less commission-generating,
 known, for example, pension payments, things like that,
 all the non-commissioned generation transactions which are contributing to the total revenue.
 Sure.
 And then a couple of questions.
 I might have missed it, but in terms of CAPEX, what's the estimate for 2019 CAPEX needs?
 Yeah, so for 2019 the guidance has given us a 1.59 million US, 1.59 million US.
 Okay.
 And then the management fee.
 Is the management fee calculated as 5% of sales or just 5% of telecom sales?
 So if mobile money grows, does it affect the management
 your or not.
 Sorry, the last part of the question was...
 Does the management fee get paid on mobile money or just the telecom side of the business?
 Yes, it's total, it's for the total side of the business, because basically these are
 That's why the group renders us to both calmcom and subsidiary and it's one of our mobile
 I know that I'm only limited now, so, you know, in terms of all the technology support
 That is required to run the platform and to run the core business.
 so the minus is on everything
 as per the agreement signed with the relevant government authority, and it's not quite as
 straightforward calculation of five percent on sales,
 but the guy just normally gives approximately roughly that,
 but when you look at the agreement,
 It's actually much more complicated, but at least when you work out the sums, it comes
 to roughly about five percent of it in this stuff.
 And then the last question, just on expenses,
 maybe a few parts in this.
 So the costs came in slightly higher than the idea I was predicting at about $2.5 billion
 versus 2.37 billion and just was wondering which expenses came in higher than expected
 and why.
 Okay, so maybe I answered that question partially before you joined.
 but let me just repeat myself.
 I said, that's okay, it's no problem.
 I said in August of 2018, there was a change in the VAT administration in this country.
 So basically what it did was that some items which you could have claimed the input output
 VAT on, 2.5% there on became a lead, which means that for every purchase that you have
 to make, there was a 2.5 maybe on it an extra cost. So that has enough on effect on all
 side of the business in the sense that one obviously your subscribers position
 power is down because of what they could buy, too, or the fact that your commissions would
 have a knock-on effect in terms of that levity paid by the company and then of
 for three years.
 will also be impacted by it.
 So, what happened was that of the 17.5% previously, 5% became a permanent living for the National
 health insurance, and so on, you have to send for the educational fund.
 So it meant that for every purchase or any transaction going forward from August of 2018,
 and they have the spiral effect on the cost.
 So what would then happen is,
 Depending on how long your supply chain is, or your value chain is, that pack is actually replicated.
 So if, for instance, you have a supplier who is dependent on another supplier, then ultimately
 you're going to have a knock-on effect, depending on how long that chain is, and you eventually
 that you have to pay those costs.
 So that's what happens for the latter half of 2018
 you see the cost going on. And I would just add that towards the end of the year, we eventually
 to pass some of this cost back to the subscriber.
 not 100% but at least just to minimize the effect on the business.
 Okay, and then just be the direct network operating costs increasing 17% I mean is this you know
 of transmission costs were up 13 percent,
 network maintenance costs were up 43%.
 Is this what we should expect going forward or, you know,
 I guess what were the drivers of the network operating costs
 And how do we think about it?
 So the network clock will be the way correlation
 with the site rollouts.
 So, we've told you the number of sites we've built during the year.
 obviously you have to pay rentals for those
 Then another knock-on effect was the cost of energy and power,
 couple of the fact that the city was depreciating again.
 So all of that past two costs, that was the impact,
 in fact, impact on your network operating costs.
 So two things basically.
 The number of fights that would roll out in terms of greenfields would impact on your
 the network costs, and two, the economic conditions in the country was also impacting that. And
 The third one would have been that even though CTI was trimming down for most parts of 2018,
 The agreement we have with its power companies actually takes the pricing based on the year
 end exits.
 10
 four
 for this high-trend term.
 So, the situation where you had a escalation of 12% would apply for the whole of 2018,
 of 2018, not to start with the fact that the CPI was probably up to 9% so 9.5.
 So that's how it works.
 So two things, like I said, number of sites
 allow that civil rights and to your economic, macroeconomic conditions in terms of inflation
 in terms of the city depreciation.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 The next question we have is from me, Ampasoa of Data Bank Asset Management Services Ltd.
 The you can go ahead
 Good afternoon.
 Hello.
 afternoon. I have a question on market share and in the commentary on the summary on the
 sorry, the financial statements.
 You quoted that the market share was 59.9,
 after 2018 end of year.
 I'd like to know by what matrix is this measured by?
 And I'm going to show you what matrix is this measured by.
 Are you losing customers or gaining?
 compared to 2017 last year.
 Thank you.
 Okay. Thanks for the question. So just to clarify, 59.9 percent market share is the
 The data market share is closed by the NCA.
 On the voice side, the market share is 49%.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 to know is compared to 2017, are you losing customers or gaining customers?
 No, we've actually gained market share since 2017.
 17.
 Okay, thank you very much and the final question concerning trade receivables. I
 I would like to know, what's the, let's see, within what period do you see that the receivables
 you have in the year are finally paid off.
 Well, it's ongoing, I mean. Hello, Tahir Hemi, with Ben Dhoni.
 Yes, I can.
 Good.
 depends on the various contracts you have in place.
 But normally within a year they should, it's a rolling balance, so take for instance, you're
 Interconnect. So Interconnect has a probability of 60 to 90 degrees
 payment settlement from both, from all parties.
 So it keeps rolling. You're always going to have a balance, but it's not the age balance as it was.
 than mostly current balances.
 Please don't pay at all and by what percentage of your trade is receivable today and today
 And so, direct form.
 Well, in line with airfires, normally you do your provision for credit losses in terms
 of bad content practice, deaths that you feel are doubtful for whatever reason. And but
 at least even given by those standards it's less than 70 cents so on the average
 But the point is that the fact that we gave provision of credit laws does not translate
 into a credit loss.
 It's just based on what the standards or the guidance that is given to you.
 But like I said, in our case, in our business,
 What's all this hate, uh, uh,
 who may take some while, but they tend to be quiet, and, you know, it does not give you
 If you work with the government, you may have some government debts, but the government will always make good their debts.
 It doesn't mean that it's bad.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 The next question we have is from Sekii Mutakua from Ashmore Group.
 I thank you for the call.
 Two questions, please.
 Is it possible to give a breakdown of the revenue
 in the mobile financial services,
 just in terms of sort of PTP, cash in and cash out.
 And the second question was, within the sort of segments
 or sub-segments in mobile financial services,
 Have you changed fees charged to customers during 2018,
 whether that's been lowering them or raising them.
 Thank you.
 Okay, so thanks for your question. So in terms of revenue, P2P, cash in, cash out, you'll probably be aware that cash in does not attract any revenue.
 So the majority of the revenue is between P2P and cash out.
 P2P is approximately 30% and cash out is approximately 65% of total revenue.
 Your second question was I believe on price and if I had you right and if there have been any changes to price and during the year
 and they haven't been any changes to pricing.
 Okay, thank you.
 The next question we have is from Ziad of HSBC.
 Hi everyone.
 Thank you for the call.
 Just two questions from my side, please.
 The first question we've got to do is mob on money.
 If you could maybe just give us an indication of the growth rates of P2P versus cash out
 Like, are you seeing P2P becoming a greater proportion of revenue generating transactions
 over the past 12 months.
 And then the second question is, could you possibly provide an outlook for weird gearing
 or debt, highs will evolve over the next 12 months, you know, and split between low
 local or dollarized debt, you know, how are you looking at the capital structure of the
 group going forward, and how should one view your dividend policy over the next
 trust at 24 months. Thank you very much.
 Okay.
 Okay, so the first question, and I'll leave the second question to the CF when we'll do
 the pictures.
 The first question was on piece-to-peak growth versus cash-out growth and whether we're seeing
 fast but gruesome P2P vests.
 The answer to that is yes. We're seeing P2P growing faster than cash out, but it's a
 Now I would say both both are trending in the same direction with P2P and not
 ahead of cash-out growth. And we would also expect that to pair the current product mix
 and the focus of the business to drive more merchant payments as well, so we'll expect
 pizza pizza content to grow much faster than cash out is for me.
 I'll hand it over to the CFO to answer the question on that.
 Right. Only question on this, as you probably are aware, that we have a medium-term facility,
 5 million for 510 million cities, and all our deaths are local, so we intend to operate
 within those, within that facility,
 We're not thinking of having additional deaths at this moment.
 And the debt, the facilities we have are modern enough
 to meet a level of business at the moment.
 In terms of what you should make out of a dividend policy,
 These are policies which still within the guidance we have given that we have a
 that where we do have policy opinion of the sixty percent
 of the
 profit after tax but it's also variable so just in case you are looking at the
 for the interim and the final dividend we propose is way above the 60 percent, it's
 82 percent. And the only reason for that was because even earlier
 guidance we had with respect to the retained engines and the optical IPO, you know, the
 model of the view that we should actually reduce the maintenance as far as possible.
 So there's very bad policy this year for the final decision of the proposed.
 So, well, probably, at least, we still would maintain the guidance that we would operate
 minimum up to 60% of the payouts and if that circumstance was very like it has to be and
 who will also do the same and from the market as we are doing now.
 Thank you very much. That's very clear. Thanks.
 Ladies and gentlemen, just a final reminder, if you would like to ask a question please
 first star and then one.
 We have a question from Samuel Asafu-Avengini from IC Securities Ghana Limited.
 Hi, I would like to ask that I meet your communication now, sir.
 I'd be happy to get to know you.
 by G spectrum.
 I'd like to know how far along this is, and we'll empty out
 on that tension in the spectrum if it's made available perhaps in the next 80
 months, 12, 18 months, and also if you want, what happens with the 4G strategy?
 Thanks for your question.
 So, in terms of 5G, today we really have no facts about the imminence of a 5G spectrum
 in Ghana and therefore we're able to comment with any sort of facts back in this on what
 position is at a moment.
 However, if in due course we do get something specific that has a more realistic window
 And then we understand the terms of this.
 then we can provide the right answer to that question.
 All right, thank you.
 But on that fine, by NTA last year.
 So MTA Ghana was fined 1.8 million last year by the MTA and the management of MTA and APU.
 can give us some background on this and if the regulated concerns have been addressed
 in order no talk shot subsequent fine.
 Sure.
 So first of all, let me just correct something.
 And so the fine was to all telecom operators, and not just MTN.
 and
 the steps that have been taken have been taken by all telecoms operators as well.
 So, we all, through the telecoms chamber, did not agree with the fine, and we're currently
 pursuing a legal discussion with the regulator on this.
 Now, until that process concludes, I won't be able to comment at this stage, but we
 We are in a legal discussion with a rate believer to try to resolve this, based on our disagreement
 with evasions of the fire.
 The next question we have is from Yurmeyshav HSBC.
 Yeah, hi one question again on mobile money
 Can you explain how your MobileMany agent who actually does this cash in cash out activity
 as compared with other competitors in mobile money, like what is your agent network as
 compared to competitors.
 You're asking how many agents we have versus competition, is that correct?
 Yes.
 So, you know, I don't have the competitive number accurately, but today we have over 100,000
 that an active agent will do a couple of transactions a day in terms of mobile money.
 I believe that because there is no exclusivity in terms of agents that they will be abroad
 overlap with the competitors but I'm unable to share the numbers with a
 competitive in terms of moment.
 Okay, I got this. Thank you and just a follow-up question on this if I may like if the transitions are shifting to P2P
 where the agent doesn't get commission on that.
 And how do you see the dynamics over there, like the agent loyalty towards our MTN?
 Thanks for the question.
 So just to clarify, I mean, the P2P dynamic is a mobile money dynamic, not an MTN dynamic, right?
 So, there should be no reason for an agent to behave differently towards MTN because
 of a P2P dynamic that's implicit in mobile money.
 Now, to answer the second part of your question is,
 And yet today we have approximately 50% penetration of more money in our piece.
 And we have another 50% to go.
 Once the transactional activity starts to increase, all transactions will continue to
 grow at a similar rate. So we'll expect Asian activity to continue to grow significantly
 probably much faster than the rate at which the agent network will grow, which would mean
 that the earnings per agent should go up.
 So I'm really not sure where the issue is,
 but I don't see any major concerns on the agent side
 at this stage with a level of growth we still have within the market to continue to grow.
 Understood. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you sir.
 So that was our final question.
 Do you have any closing comments?
 Yes, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us for the call.
 If you have any follow-up questions, you can route it through the Investor Relations website,
 and I'll be happy to take them and then provide feedback.
 Thank you.
 Thank you so.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference.
 Thank you for joining us.
 you may now disconnect your lines.