 Good day, and welcome to the CD Project Group Financial Results for Q3 2021 Conference Call.
 today's conference is being recorded
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Adam Kuczynski.
 please go ahead.
 Good evening. Welcome to the teleconference on CD Projekt Group's financial results for the third quarter of 2021.
 I'll run this call together with Piotr Milbovic, member of the board, and CFO.
 After the presentation, we will run the Q&A session.
 The webcast of the presentation, along with audio feed, are also being streamed on our
 corporate website
 www.federbreak.com
 and on our IR YouTube channel.
 Let's begin with slide 2
 where you will find a chart presenting the allocation of our development team to ongoing projects.
 As you can see, a gradual shift to new projects is taking place.
 especially as more and more developers
 join the team working on the expansion to Cyberpunk.
 Since its launch, Cyberpunk 2077 has already been significantly improved, which is, for
 for example, reflected by the increasingly positive sentiment surrounding it on Steam.
 set
 you are still working hard to better gamers' experience on every platform.
 and to deliver next-gen quality in the next-gen version.
 Moving on to slide 3.
 I would like to confirm that both the internal Cyberpunk team and the Saber team working on the next-gen version of The Witcher 3 World Hunt
 are on track to meet the announced target release date for their project.
 We'll share more details on both releases next year.
 Moving on to grant.
 Please have a look at slide 4.
 As Gwen turns 5 years old, we've decided to make some adjustments to the game's operations.
 We would like to remain as flexible as possible, which means Gwent will receive new updates
 and content drops regularly, while at the same time, part of the team can support other
 projects at the studio. When it comes to future plans for the game, we are going
 to share more details
 during Gwent Masters Season 3 Finals on the 5th of December.
 So, stay tuned.
 Now, let's move on to slide 5.
 As we already know, The Witcher Monster Slayer, a location-based AR mobile game developed by Stokko,
 launched in July, receiving high user scores on both Android and iOS.
 Having ensured its high quality, our major goal right now is to improve retention and monetization mechanisms in the game.
 Along with the newest update to Monsterslayer,
 on November 24th.
 we introduce a more effective LiveOps system that we believe will encourage more players to have fun within the game.
 Moving on to slide 6, just a quick reminder of the two acquisitions that took place in the recent months.
 In July, we acquired Digital Skates, a Canadian studio based in Vancouver that we had already been working with for a few years.
 It has become to the Project Red's fourth development team after Warsaw, Krakow and Wroclaw.
 In addition, in October, we joined forces with a Boston-based studio built by industry veterans, the Morathos Flak.
 Both acquisitions enable us to actively further tap into international talent pools, creating
 entirely new opportunities for growth. The Project Red Vancouver will support the studio with its
 skills and expertise while working on current and new projects. As for the molasses flood,
 it will closely work with CELEBRATE RED, developing its own unannounced project based on one of our IPs.
 Our plan is to dynamically grow grow both studios in the coming years
 Now, let's sum up the financials for the third quarter of 2021.
 The floor is yours.
 Thank you, Adam.
 In this part of the presentation, I will guide you through our results for the third quarter of this year.
 Let's start with the Consolidated Profit and Loss Account.
 Friday.
 In total, our sales revenues reached 144 million ZLOTEC, which is 38% above the sales revenues
 of the third quarter of last year.
 Most of the sales were based on our own products.
 We achieved 104 million zloty here, which is 68% above the comparative quarter of last year.
 Cyberpunk was the most important source of revenues this year and most of its sales continued to come from digital channels.
 Revenues from sales of goods and materials amounting to nearly 40 million slots slightly decreased, but their main driver, GOG Digital Sales, actually increased by approximately 6%.
 Costs of poor products and services sold amounted to 23 million Zloty.
 The growth versus last year comes mainly from 17 million-loaded appreciation of historic expenditures on the development of cyberpunk,
 non-existent in our P&L for the comparative period of 2020.
 What is also worth mentioning is that this was the last quarter of depreciation
 of initial expenditures on the development of Gwenzel's room breaker. Starting from disk Q4,
 This will result in lower costs of products sold by approximately 5 million
 dollars.
 At the same time, costs of goods and materials sold, which came mostly from GOG, remained at a stable level.
 All in all, our gross profit from sales reached over 91 million Zloteh, which is by one-third more than a year ago.
 Moving to the operating costs.
 During the third quarter of this year, our selling costs increased to 55 million Zloty.
 The increase was mainly driven by cyberpunk servicing costs in the amount of 17 million
 and Zlotych, as a large number of our developers and testers were working on updating the game.
 We plan to release the next update together with the Next Gen Edition in Q1 next year.
 Even though the amount we've dedicated to servicing Cyberpunk in Q3 is still substantial,
 It is declining quarter by quarter since the release.
 GNA costs also increased versus last year. Among others, we included in this position
 some of the early project research-based costs in the amount of 4 million
 of the year.
 That was noted.
 well as close to a 9 million lot of charge due to our incentive program since this charge is based
 an actuarial valuation it's of a non-cash nature all in all our nest profit for the third quarter of
 of this year with 16 million zloty.
 as GOG posted negative results and net profit of 21 million Zloty was generated by FedExpress.
 Regarding GOG, its performance does present a challenge and recently we are taking measures
 to improve
 of its financial spending.
 First and foremost, we've decided that GOG should focus more on its core business activity,
 which means offering a hand-picked selection of games with its unique
 and pre-philosophy.
 In line with this approach, there will be changes in the team structure.
 some GOG developers who have already been working on online solution
 used mainly by the studio, will transfer to the project.
 Furthermore, at the end of this year, GOG will leave the Gwent Consortium.
 This means that it will neither bear its portion of expenses nor obtain the corresponding share of revenues associated with this project.
 Alongside all these changes we initiated through the organization of GOG's operations.
 We believe that all of the changes we are introducing will allow GOG to focus more on
 its core business and improve its financial effectiveness in 2022.
 back to the group results. Although Q3 has never been my favorite quarter I
 I would like to present it in a longer perspective.
 Let's go to the next slide, number 9.
 The total height of each of the bars represents revenues for each of the third quarters.
 Revenue-wise, this was our best third quarter ever.
 From these revenues, we covered our costs and expenses, marked gray, and earned our net profits, marked blue.
 However, this year, our cost structure was different than before.
 Please go to the next slide.
 Substantial costs were either driven by time-limited activity, like the cyberpunk servicing expenses marked green, and early phase research costs marked red.
 The latter are actually, in a way, an investment into our future products and sales.
 Also, some new substantial costs were of a non-cash nature, like the cyberpunk depreciation costs marked yellow.
 Let's move to the next slide, number 11.
 our consolidated balance sheet
 Over the third quarter of this year, our balance of expenditures on development projects remains stable.
 Our investment into development of future products accounting-wise was similar to the release product depreciation.
 But at the same time, our receivables decreased from 248 down to 166 million zloty, which
 which is natural after a seasonally stronger second quarter.
 At the same time, our long- and short-term other financial assets increased in line with
 our purchases of t-bonds as a way of diversifying our financial reserves the total value of t-bonds
 cash and deposits included in the positions marked with a star is summed up under the
 total assets table to the amount of nearly 1 billion and 185 million zloty as of the end of september
 This means that our financial reserves increased by 55 million Zloty during the third quarter.
 The price group equity increased over the third quarter of 2021, mainly due to the retained profits for the period and capital bookings related to the long-term group's incentive program.
 Among liabilities, our trade and other liabilities increased by 21 million ZL, whereas the total
 level of provisions decreased by 49 million ZL.
 This was mainly driven by the consumption of the previously set sales provisions.
 I haven't elaborated much on the expenditures on development projects, so now please go to the next page, number 12.
 The product wraps expenditures on research, development, and service of released game squadrons.
 So this is a continuation of what I was presenting during our previous calls.
 The yellow part represents our total cost of servicing our released games, mainly Cyberpunk and Gwent.
 As I mentioned before, the amount dedicated to Cyberpunk continues to decline this year.
 At the same time, the proportion of the team and, therefore, the total expenditures related
 to future projects keeps growing it's represented by both the green slice
 early phase research cost and the blue part actual development of new projects
 This is in line with what Adam was presenting just now regarding the involvement of our team.
 And finally, our simplified cash flow on slide 13.
 Profits for the period were supported by the nearly 89 million slot reduction of receivables.
 In cash terms, we expense 26.5 million Zloty on development of new projects,
 while the non-cash book depreciation of historic expenditures on released products reached nearly 23 million slots.
 All other flows and changes are below 10 million slots.
 Among others, this amount includes payment of the purchase price for digital scapes.
 currently to the Project Red Vancouver. Altogether, our financial reserves increased by 55 million
 up to 1 billion and nearly 185 million zlotec in cash bank deposits and t-bonds as of the end of
 September 2021.
 That's all from me for now.
 Thank you for your attention.
 Let's now move on to the Q&A.
 Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Again, please press star 1 to ask a question.
 We'll pause for just a few moments to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions.
 We'll take our first question from Nick Dempsey with Barclays.
 Yeah, good evening, guys. I've got sort of three questions, one question and another two-parter.
 So first of all, if we look at the cyberpunk depreciation and the cyberpunk service lines in third quarter on slide 10,
 And we know the depreciation line will continue at this level every quarter for basically another four years, I believe.
 What about cyberpunk service line if you're working hard to sell cyberpunk units and we're trying to model you selling cyberpunk units
 Should we continue to expect something like this for the Cyberpunk service line?
 so in other words
 should we continue to expect those two cost items to continue
 at these sort of levels
 for quite a while
 um
 second
 second part
 this question.
 we can see that Cyberpunk 2077
 has been priced very low in Black Friday promotions.
 Numerous examples of that.
 So, two questions on that.
 First of all, after people have seen those prices and got used to that,
 Is it possible to get Cyberpunk back to even as much as a $50 sticker price?
 And the second question is,
 Given that you guys aren't really chasing volume to get in-game revenue,
 like Ubisoft or an EA,
 you know
 How much of those discounts do you kind of take part in and sanction?
 how much of it is just the retail.
 you're still getting full price
 but it's just a
 retailer having a heavy hit to the price.
 Okay, so yes, the depreciation of the already expensed, prior to the release, expenditures on Cyberpunk development will be with us for the next five years from the release.
 So we still have around four years in front of us.
 And they are supposed to be flat at the level of 3% of the total budget of the game per quarter.
 unlike the expenditures for servicing the game.
 Obviously, we'll keep servicing the game as long as necessary.
 However, I strongly hope it will not take five years.
 And as I mentioned during my part of the presentation already this year,
 this amount was decreasing quarter by quarter.
 Right now, we are in a special moment, heading to the release of the next edition of Cyberpunk.
 So part of the servicing expenses is also dedicated to the next patch
 that will be out together with the next gen edition.
 and still a substantial part
 of the team focuses to work on it.
 Obviously, after release of the next one edition,
 there will still probably be some work to be done
 and work to be taken care of.
 However, naturally, I would expect that after that,
 level of servicing expenditures
 related to cyberpunk
 should
 should decrease
 more
 substantially.
 Thank you.
 that's all from my side
 as far as the first question is concerned.
 Thank you.
 Good evening, I'll take the second one.
 So, first and foremost, we are focused on bringing back the sentiment.
 And that's our first goal.
 Price matters, of course, but more gamers playing Cyberpunk, more happy they are.
 But the future this franchise has, obviously.
 regarding
 pricing we are not planning
 any
 moves
 in the nearest future
 the next June update
 will be for free
 for all
 who already bought the game
 on the last chance
 And the price of the next-gen version will be the same as the price of the current version, as this update is for free.
 Of course, having more content in Cyberpunk, I mean, especially expansion, will allow us to offer new editions, but it's too early to talk about it.
 i mean it's way too early but of course we are thinking about stabilizing prices but first and
 foremost, we have to bring
 back good sentiment
 around the game.
 Okay, thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Matthew Walker with Credit Suisse.
 Thanks a lot.
 Good evening, everybody.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 So the first one is just a quick follow-up.
 When you say that you're stabilizing the prices for, and that will be applied also to NextGen,
 Do you need stabilizing at the sort of current level that we see on the various platforms?
 or do you mean stabilizing it by getting it back to the original price of $60?
 just if you could clarify that.
 Secondly,
 In the quarter, obviously, the sales, unfortunately, have missed people's expectations.
 was that due to
 units, or was it due to price, or was it a combination of the two things?
 And then lastly, on expansion, you intended to do, or you still intend, I guess, to do expansion at some point in 2022.
 Can you just clarify that that is your, that's your current intention to release the Cyberpunk
 package.
 sanction in 22.
 Good evening, I'll take the first one
 Adam
 so
 I meant that
 now
 you can see
 and
 number of promotions on cyberpunk
 not only Black Friday and
 some of them are arranged
 together with us some
 or independent
 activities of
 retailers
 so after
 next generation is released
 we can
 stabilize the price
 in terms of promotion
 but we are not going to rise the price
 with
 NextGen, we can
 discuss, and we will discuss when we will be closer to expansion, what then, after
 releasing expansions should be our pricing policy, but it's too early to
 comment and I can take the third one and we haven't said anything about dates
 and the scope of the expansion, so I don't want to pre-announce what is
 It's going to be announced when we'll be ready.
 Okay.
 regarding commenting regarding commenting on the external expectations on ourselves
 Honestly speaking, it's hard for me to comment on external expectations, whether any difference
 comes from this or that factor
 draw two
 things that I would like to point
 your attention to.
 first and foremost q3 is always the one of the weakest of the weakest quarter of the year
 and secondly
 still most of the sales we generate come from the digital sales as our distributors
 shipped a sizable number of units on release and therefore no additional
 revenues are recognized by us on this part of the market therefore what we can
 book into our current results are mostly reports received from the digital
 distributors
 That's all from my side.
 I just have one quick follow-up, which is, can you just explain your restructuring of
 And does that mean that we're going to see sales from that product line in the PML decrease
 for the next few quarters and just give a bit more color on what's going on at GOG.
 No, the restructuring of GOG is rather to allow the team to focus on its core business.
 So GWENT operations will not be co-hosted or co-worked by GOG team.
 entire operation will be done by
 to the program we also decided to move some of the processes that are related
 online features used mainly by CD Projekt Red, directly to CD Projekt Red and at
 At the same time, we organize operations of the company internally, as far as the back
 office of GOG is concerned so it should not have any direct and direct influence
 on GOG sales, either
 our or external products.
 Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
 We'll take our next question from Maddie Lieutenant with Bernstein.
 Thank you.
 Good evening.
 The first one on the sales of Witcher 3, or rather the Witcher franchise in total.
 Could you give us a comment directionally?
 was that
 below
 last year's level
 Then a question on the promotions you're doing around Black Friday.
 apart from the price promotions themselves,
 is there significant marketing cost components related to that as well
 and in general, paid media sort of marketing above, for example,
 what you did for the summer sales.
 And then finally on Gwent, you mentioned that you're potentially rescaling the team of Gwent.
 Now, right now, the developer allocation to Gwent is quite considerable relative to the revenues, if I understand correctly.
 So would that sort of materially change in the future?
 Thank you.
 Yes, so I'll take the first one.
 uh sales of the key which are uh in 2021 where it was below 2020 uh results so uh yes it was below
 2020 results uh and there were i believe there were three major factors behind it
 At the end of 2019, we released The Witcher on Switch, so that was a relatively trash release in 2020.
 Secondly, 2020, especially the first half of it, was strongly supported by the pandemic situation.
 and this effect is not that visible this year.
 and thirdly
 At the end of 2019, there was the premiere of the Netflix Witcher series, which extended
 the potential audience
 and recognition of the Witcher universe
 which I believe also
 in some parts supported
 which is what she says.
 while this year 2021 there was not much happening in the witcher universe from our side
 However, as you know, we are focusing on releasing the next-gen edition next year,
 which I believe
 will be an important step
 for the history of this game.
 I'll take the second one
 so extra
 costs, marketing costs
 related to Black Friday.
 I would say no.
 I'm close to zero.
 we have some constant marketing
 I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
 Please hold on line.
 I'm just gonna...
 We are trying to reconnect your call.
 Proszę czekać.
 Twoja rozmowa będzie kontynuowana.
 Hello?
 Am I back?
 All right, I'm back.
 I was disconnected.
 So I'll start from the beginning, answering the second question about marketing costs related to Black Friday.
 I don't know when I was disconnected
 So,
 extra
 costs are close to zeros. We have a constant low of marketing costs I would
 say but there was no extra cosas associated to this or that that promotion
 And Piotr, you will take the third one, right?
 Yeah, so in case of GWENT, our primary goal is to optimize GWENT based on our experience from past years of operating the game.
 Gwent is already available on several hardware platforms.
 No need to further invest into this direction.
 and right now we want to focus on the quality of experience provided within
 the game itself, rather than on the extensive approach to the technology. At the same time, we
 want Gwent to be flexible enabling us to use part of its team in other
 Other projects underway address.
 while ensuring that the game continues to receive regular updates and content drops.
 So, the aim of it is to reduce part of the costs allocated directly to Gwent, while at
 and at the same time continue supporting it with new content and releases.
 Very helpful. Thanks, everyone.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jamie Bass with Bergenberg.
 Bye, Matt.
 Yeah, good evening.
 thanks for the questions
 And I've got three, please.
 The first one, I don't know if you've covered it, I will cut off for a second, but can you
 explain why your income tax for the quarter is so low compared to last year
 is basically at zero.
 second question
 there was an article last week
 about the steam performance of cyberpunk um is it a fair takeaway to say that the situation you know
 we reckon to Q4 that the situation is improving on PC
 and we're even trying to get better,
 but it's sort of a pretty major struggle on console.
 third question
 is with all this news about COVID resurgence.
 have you had to consider
 closing in the studios
 again and going back to working from home or are you still continuing to sort of open up and get
 back to the after food.
 Thank you.
 So, I'll start with the first one.
 the tax amount visible in the P&L statement is a combination of taxes calculated by
 CD Projekt Red and GOG.com. As you may know, at CD Projekt Red we qualify to tax most of our revenues
 coming from our intellectual properties with five percent uh so this positive talks from
 So they're probably crats.
 was relatively low, as a big part of that was tax-driven lower rate.
 Unlike in the case of GOG, who had negative results and therefore was allowed to create a negative provision for the tax based on the tax rate of 19%.
 So, the smaller negative gross profits multiplied by 19% on GOG's side
 compensated bigger gross profits taxed by effectively lower tax rate and
 and therefore the total amount of the two taxes
 from the two test segments is slightly above zero.
 above 0
 So that's the answer to the question.
 So I'll take the second one.
 the situation is improving
 on pc and consoles where it's more visible on pc as as scores are updated daily by by steam but
 But we see improvement of the sentiment
 so I think it's cyberpunk
 on
 network
 platform
 And the third one, COVID and home office.
 we have
 internal
 commitment that will
 continue home office for
 those who would like to work from home till the at least meet next year while
 we are preparing and analyzing the further model and our idea is to find
 our own path based on some internal and external research and to propose the
 optimal model for the group
 and then iterate.
 so it won't be like
 The post-COVID model and full-stop will propose model, iterate, learn, and adjust.
 we want to stay flexible even though we believe that working i'm working on the game and working
 on in this kind of industry always it's always better easier when we work
 together but but time is very and the
 The position is very different and we have to be we have to be flexible. These days even though
 as I said, people
 a pin can work from home
 We see up to 40, sometimes up to 50% of team members working from the office.
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Terrell Zadia with Bank of America.
 Thank you for taking my questions.
 could you give any further details
 on what caused the
 the laser The Witcher 3 next gen to Q2 and Cyberpunk 2077 next gen to Q1 next year.
 That's my first question.
 And my second question is, are you experiencing any wage inflation in your local offices in Poland?
 and do you anticipate any rate inflation in your new studios in Vancouver and Boston?
 And finally, could you just talk a little bit more about your acquisition strategy, such
 and what sort of studios are still here looking to acquire going forward.
 Thank you.
 So, I'll take the first one.
 as I said
 during the presentation
 development of both games, next-gen games, is on track to their targeted
 dates.
 With CPU we are currently at the testing stage, so it's there, we have to be sure that what we are releasing is in a very, very good shape.
 And this requires substantial effort since the next-gen version includes graphical updates
 exploiting the potential
 of the new consoles
 along with a set of system level
 improvements. I'm talking about
 systems which are
 you know
 that are general to the game
 not a revolution
 but still they can interact
 with other systems
 So we have to be sure that there is no regression whatsoever, and mostly for this we need some extra time for testing.
 With Witcher 3, next-gen version, the situation is a bit different.
 The next-gen version is being developed by our trusted partner,
 several
 of the
 interactive. Of course
 collaboration with us
 And as WIPER3 was originally released almost seven years ago, of course, technology has rapidly advanced since then.
 and new solutions have emerged
 some of which are
 um
 there were not
 the game
 the original game was lacking of them, like ray tracing, and this update is truly a technical update.
 maybe so small
 pack of
 but we are working mostly on technical things and as we are talking about new
 technologies apply to the
 fairly old game, it turned out that we need a bit more time for this technical task.
 Okay, I'll take the second question regarding the wage inflation.
 Yes, indeed, we do experience wage pressure caused among others by the high rate of inflation
 in Poland and also
 competitors
 competition on the remote work market that's mainly for Poland as far as the
 Boston and Vancouver studios are concerned they are relatively new to the
 company.
 we work with them for for a couple of months so it's hard to talk about
 visible inflation on our side I would say we are learning these markets and for
 the first time we learn it in practice cooperating with them.
 So it's too early for us to say whether we see the inflation there or not.
 And I'll take the third one.
 uh
 that's
 As we announced our strategy, we want to be more focused on M&As, and there are at least two ways.
 first which is the the Vancouver way is to empower to the project Red Steam at the same
 with
 suspension of things
 which we acquired years ago
 in Wrocław, which is now
 That's right.
 and of course if there is any any talented team interested in joining the
 break,
 threat supporting our strategy.
 we are open to discuss.
 and the second way is to find
 Talent in Teams
 eager to grow and
 develop games within our
 franchises, but still
 maintaining
 partial independence.
 I mean, they're an identity
 And this is the molasses flap case
 Kind of similar to Spokor, even though Spokor was not acquired, was established as a startup within the group.
 It's fairly the same model.
 the Molasses flat will be a bit more integrated with the studio, but still
 there'll be more of a slot at the project studio, not at the project rack.
 Thanks so much.
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Gladimir Veseltov with VTV Capital.
 Hello, thank you for the presentation and for taking my question.
 I have actually two questions.
 so one is on the early project research phase costs and are we going to see those
 in 2022 or these are somehow related to your plans to develop in parallel to AAA games or whatever
 starting from
 next year and
 this could be capitalized
 from next year and
 the other one
 probably is on molasses plot and you mentioned that it's gonna work on a
 separate project but is it like and that's how it's a separate project or you
 Is it somehow related to those, again, plans to develop in parallel to AAA titles starting from next year?
 and maybe one more short follow-up on your M&A activities. Do you have a pipeline
 of potential acquisitions on the top of the two which you have already concluded and if not so what
 So what would be the capital allocation strategy for the cash file that you have,
 given that you keep generating quite a lot of cash.
 Thank you.
 okay so i'll take the first uh the first one however unfortunately i'm unable to give you a
 precise guidance on that on one side I hope we will always keep researching new
 projects and
 exploring new
 ideas, on the other
 the new ideas should, you know, one day
 in absolute
 in most of the cases, transformed into development of specified projects.
 And that's what we are heading to with the projects that are currently under the research base.
 so that's still
 for those ones
 in front of us
 Adam?
 Yes, I'll tell you the second and the third.
 The Morassa Smart project is on top of parallel AAA development.
 This is plant for telepraic red, and telepraic red is responsible for this, and molasses
 that is something on top
 those projects
 But, as I said, they'll work close again.
 already started working closely with the project, but they have their special
 expertise, and the project is something, as I said, on top of those internal
 project. And with
 pipeline of M&A
 No, we don't have a
 Pipeline, we have pipelines but we are not changing our strategy
 the project was
 built in an
 organic way and we treat
 those M&As as
 a great
 extension of our goals, but still we have our own strategy, we have two great
 franchises and
 we want to
 the fellow who came
 and we have even more plans within those franchises.
 So we are rather looking for talented teams to support us, and we are not really looking for consolidating someone's revenues or PNLs.
 So it's hard to say that we have
 pipeline of M&A's.
 but of course we are looking around we are talking to people and if
 if you are coming across
 a group of talented people
 that are interested in joining us
 then we can we can start a discussion so it brings to the conclusion that the
 pile of
 sketch we
 have will be
 I mean, have a different future allocation, but maybe, Piotr, you can help me with this, for sure, both of us.
 I mean, we were always to keep huge buffers, triple A's are expensive, and we want to be aggressive and blessed in our strategy.
 so I think that first and foremost
 we need buffers
 but we'd like to add something
 regarding our cash application
 fully confirmed
 nothing to add
 Thank you very much
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Ken Rumpf with Jefferies.
 Hello, gentlemen. Apologies if the first question has already been asked. I dropped off the line and came back again.
 The first one was just, have you any further comment or quantification on the kind of early stage development that's been expensed?
 may have been asked already
 in which this is just directly back to the transcript.
 I'll catch it later.
 Then three quick questions.
 Firstly, the message that the Molasses Flood, as I recall, was pitching two games at E3 in 2019, Drake's Hollow and another one.
 Was the other game that they were working on
 the one that you're
 the ambitious project that you've kind of
 taken them over for?
 i.e. have you been kind of
 somehow working with them for that long
 Or maybe they had a game
 that they subsequently decided would fit your IP.
 Anyway, second question would be just an update on employee turnover.
 Third question.
 you
 commented about
 regarding
 kind of commenting on the future
 that you wouldn't, you'd kind of stick to a shorter time horizon.
 Should we?
 Do I imagine that that's a year?
 have I imagined that
 or is that the plan?
 So, for instance, at the beginning of next year, at some point, might we get a kind of roadmap that says, okay, you know, here's the first expansion.
 And at some point, we get a date or a name for it.
 Or might you, for instance, map out all of the expansion plan?
 is there a kind of
 pattern that we should expect in terms of kind of forward roadmap.
 Thank you.
 So, I'll take the first one.
 But there was a question before...
 I'm sorry, before, whether we elaborated anything more specific on the early research base costs.
 No, we did not. During Q3 we expensed 4 million Zlotych on it and naturally we didn't elaborate
 more on what project it refers to
 or what specifically was done
 women's budget.
 Okay, that's great.
 Adel, thanks.
 All right, the molasses flat.
 well I think
 That I have to skip this question because it's it's internal
 thing and we are not
 revealing too much about
 what kind of project and
 and
 We are not guiding in any direction regarding our project.
 Yes, they released two games
 we were evaluating
 what they have
 been working on but
 No further comments in this regard.
 but
 I can
 month
 I can add one comment
 we didn't acquire them
 and we didn't join forces for their game.
 I mean, they'll work on... they've always started working on the game which is within one of our franchises,
 which was not possible before we concluded the
 the
 Yeah, turn over.
 Is it yours?
 Yeah, over the past 10 months, our turnover was at a standard, I would say at a standard dozen or so percent, typical for the industry, where some churn typically occurs in the wake of each large project.
 so people move on to other projects or to entirely different endeavors.
 and we are within the industry standards and there is nothing surprising us
 or nothing substantially different to what we experienced
 after the release of The Witcher 3.
 And I'll tell you the third one.
 So, I think that we'll come back to the strategic plans after the next-gen version of Cybermonkey's release, because this is key.
 I mean, the sentiment around Cyberpunk is absolutely key to our near-earth future, I mean, yes.
 So, definitely not before.
 let's release Cyberpunk, let's see where we are, and then let's talk about the next year or years.
 Okay, makes sense.
 Thank you all.
 Thank you.
 And again, if you would like to ask a question, please press star 1.
 We'll take our next question from Thomas Rodak with Boss Volsig.
 Hi, thanks for taking my question.
 I would like to know if you if you're talking to physical distributors about
 new-gen versions, releases of Cyberpunk and The Witcher 3?
 Or are you already talking about these releases?
 will you provide
 Will you have to provide additional boxes for these releases or maybe there are already
 enough boxes left from the time of the main premiere.
 the first question
 Yeah, the second question
 In regards to the roadmap for Cyberpunk for the next year, I understand that you will
 provide the roadmap after the next-gen version is released. That's what I understood from the
 from the last
 answer
 could you confirm it
 and
 yeah, and the third question
 is regarding
 the mulatto slot
 I wonder when will you be ready to reveal anything about the new game from the latest world?
 That's it. Thank you.
 So the first question, yes, obviously, we talked with our distributors on how to launch
 next-gen edition
 and how to use it
 on dirt territories
 but I'm afraid I have no details to show right now as not everything is agreed yet
 and not everything will be initiated exactly at the same time so please stay
 tunes and I'm sure
 that's shortly
 or in one day, we will announce more details on that.
 Hi, I'll take the second one.
 Roadmap.
 Yes, after NG's next-gen edition of Cyberpunk,
 Definitely.
 but not like we are planning after and everything is set in stone.
 We want to release the game, see the situation, and then decide when to update the strategy based on the data we'll have after the release.
 So it's hard to commit to any date, depending on what we'll see after release.
 And the third one, I will say the third one,
 When?
 well it's
 wait
 to say
 we've
 started but you know we are at the very beginning of the uh of the way we are establishing uh how we
 corporate we are working on designs of course but but you know it's it's an
 initial phase.
 So I'm not going to guide when it will be.
 it will be
 and we'll be ready to talk about the game, to review design, and to explain this concept to gamers.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 We'll take our next question from Nick Dempsey with Barclays.
 Yeah, good evening.
 I'm just going to squeeze in another one.
 provisions were
 a slightly confusing element in Q2.
 Can I just confirm that there are no further dissolved provisions impacting the net sales
 in this quarter
 and no new provisions either.
 so when we're
 looking at provisions in your numbers
 That just relates to the cost lines in this quarter.
 Is that correct?
 Yes, a major change in the provisions line comes from natural consumption of the provisions we set historically.
 obviously there were some new cost provisions as it's natural for the
 ongoing business but there was nothing like big new provision coming in or
 cancellation or revaluation of the provisions we historically set.
 Helpful, thank you.
 That concludes today's question and answer session.
 Speakers, at this time, I will turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
 Thank you very much.
 I think we've covered everything.
 we have
 comments
 Oh, questions?
 waking
 on
 on the top.
 All right.
 so so uh we can cover this i'll read it out loud and then we will then arrive so the first question
 It's from Michal Wojciechowski from ePotona Securities
 You announce patch 1.5 to be released in line with the next-gen version of the game.
 why you are skipping
 March 1.4.
 is included in 1.5.
 well it's a big update so we wanted to stress it with round number and it's
 hard to say that we are skipping but that's true we are not releasing any
 updates before
 next gen addition
 to pack the whole
 batch of
 improvement in one big update to support
 the impact on NextGen
 edition.
 The next one is from Konrad Krasudzki, Bloomberg News.
 How far are you from reaching new milestones with number of Cyberpunk copies sold?
 so as you know we normally share such sales data as a marketing tool and
 And therefore, we did not plan to release this information today,
 neither precise information
 or any information whether we are close or not that close.
 So, excuse us, but today is not today.
 we will
 and operate more on that.
 The next question from Mr. Krasuski is
 is the technical stage
 of operations of next gen.
 How certain are you concerning Q1 as a date for Cyberpunk update?
 So, as I told during the presentation, all the information we have from both teams, Cyberpunk,
 our internal Cyberpunk team
 working on Next Gen Edition
 and Saber were working on
 which are three.
 during distance are saying that we are on track so so that's what what we can
 what we can say
 and in terms of the status of
 of cyberpunk development.
 And it's in a tasting phase.
 so we are tasting
 testing
 so
 testing the the game checking whether there everything is fine as as as I said
 their
 improvements and changes
 in general systems which can interact with many other systems so we have to
 truly test the game
 to be sure
 more than ever
 that what we are releasing
 is
 It's well polished.
 And the next question is from
 Michał Wojciechowski, Popema Securities.
 when exactly in 2022 you expect to start
 Newton's full production of two AAA games.
 and to announce
 uh
 actually
 it's already started
 but still we are in R&D sizes.
 but we have two groups
 of
 we have a group of developers
 working on
 the next
 to play, but
 but it's not capitalized yet
 but in
 early next year
 there will be stronger
 After releasing Next Gen Edition, actually, it would be the right moment to say that,
 Yes, we are producing AAA content within two franchises at the same time.
 and I'll take
 the next one
 from Piotr Kuniatowski, M-Bank.
 how many developers
 work at Spoko
 at the end of
 due to
 to anyone. And they're also
 as simple, around 50.
 Next question from Marek Kazimierczak, B.A.G. Sequels at TFI. Cyberpunk 2077, we have not heard anything about online or multiplayer. Could you elaborate on that?
 Yes. I know I can add some color. The plan remains the same, so we are planning to add multi-layer functionalities in the future to both franchises, including Cyberpunk, gradually.
 and we are not reviewing
 which franchise
 we will get the first multiplayer functionalities but the first will be the
 The first attempt will be something we can learn from and then we can add more and more
 So step by step, we want to open our single player experience.
 We want to open doors to multiplayer, but adding some multiplayer activities gradually.
 And the next question is from Kasper Kofron, Trigon.
 Have you considered implementing Cyberpunk into a subscription service like Xbox Game Pass?
 Can you discuss the advantages and disadvantages of such cooperation from a business point of view?
 and I can answer
 we
 always consider
 any
 business
 opportunity, but
 this kind of
 subscription model is good at a certain moment of the life cycle of the of the
 product.
 So not too early
 but which are
 three, one of the
 which has, was for some time in subscription,
 we have to weigh
 the benefit
 and cost each time
 so we can have to compare it to sales, and so it's a rather decision based on data.
 It's way too early for cyberpunk, definitely.
 And as I can see, this is the end. I mean, it's close to 7 p.m. here in Warsaw.
 so thank you very much
 if you have
 any further questions, please
 contact our
 IR, we are
 It's a lot to help.
 Thank you very much.
 Bye-bye.
 nice evening
 This concludes today's call.
 Thank you for your participation.
 You may now disconnect.