 Good day and welcome to the CD Project Group Financial Results for Q3 2021 Conference Call.
 Today's conference is being recorded.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Adam Kuzinski.
 Please go ahead.
 Good evening. Welcome to the teleconference on Cheddar Project Group's financial results for the third quarter of 2021.
 I'll run this call together with Jotnik Obović, member of the board, and CFO.
 After the presentation, we will run the Q&A session.
 The webcasts of the presentation, along with audio feed, are also being streamed on our
 corporate website CDPRATE.COM and on our IOUTube channel.
 Let's begin with slide two, where you will find a chart presenting the allocation of our
 development team to ongoing projects.
 projects.
 As you can see, a gradual shift to a new project is taking place, especially as more and more
 developers join the team working on the expansion to cyberpacks.
 Since its launch, Cyberpunk 2077 has already been significantly improved, which is for
 for example reflected by the increasingly positive sentiment surrounding it on steam.
 That's right.
 you are still working hard to better gain this experience
 on every platform.
 and to deliver next-gen quality in the next-gen version.
 Moving on to slide 3.
 I would like to confirm that both the internal cyberpunk team and the cyber team working
 on the next gen version of the Witcher 3 Wild Hunt are on track to meet the announced target
 release date for their project.
 There are more details on both releases next year.
 Moving on to Grant, please have a look at slide 4.
 As Gwen turns 5 years old, we've decided to make some adjustments to the game's operations.
 I would like to remain as flexible as possible, which means when to receive new updates and
 content drops regularly, while at the same time part of the team can support other projects
 at the studio.
 When it comes to future plans for the game, we are going to share more details during
 Master Season 3 Finals on the 5th of December, so stay tuned.
 Now, let's move on to slide 5.
 As we already know, there would be...
 ...
 a monster slayer.
 a location-based AR mobile game developed by Skoko,
 launched in July, receiving high user scores on both Android and iOS.
 Having ensured its high quality, our major goal right now is to improve retention and monetization mechanisms in the game.
 along with the newest update to Monster Slayer on November 24th.
 We introduce a more effective live-off system that we believe will encourage more players to have fun within the game.
 Moving on to slide 6.
 fixed.
 Perfect with
 the
 reminder of the two acquisitions that took place in the recent months.
 In July we acquired DigitalScapes, a Canadian studio based in Vancouver, that we had already
 we've been working with for a few years.
 It has become to the project Red's fourth development team after Warsaw, Krakow and
 In addition, in October, we joined forces with a Boston-based studio built by industry
 veterans.
 as a slot.
 Both acquisitions enable us to actively further tap into international talent polls, creating
 and entirely new opportunities for growth.
 The Precret Vancouver will support the studio with its skills and expertise while working on current and new projects.
 As for the molasses lab, it will closely work with to the break red, developing its own unannounced project based on one of our IPs.
 Our plan is to dynamically grow both studios in the upcoming years.
 Now, let's sum up the financials for the third quarter of 2021.
 The floor is yours.
 Thank you, Adam. In this part of the presentation, I will guide you through our results for the third quarter of this year.
 Let's start with the consolidated profit and loss account Friday in total our sales revenue switched
 to 144 million Zlotych, which is 38% above the sales revenues of the third quarter of
 last year.
 of the sales were based on our own products.
 We achieved 104 million slotted here, which is 68%
 about the comparative quarter of last year.
 Cyberpunk was the most important source of revenues this year and most of its sales continued
 to come from digital channels.
 Revenues from sales of goods and materials amounting to nearly 40 million zlotys slightly
 decreased, but their main driver, due to digital sales, actually increased by approximately
 Costs of food, products, and services sold amounted to $23 million.
 The growth versus last year comes lazy from 17 million lots of depreciation of historic
 extendages on development of cyberpunk non-existent in our P&L for the comparative period of 2020.
 What is also worth mentioning is that this was the last quarter of the appreciation of
 finisher expenditures and development of Gwensenström breaker. Starting from this Q4, this will
 result in lower cost of products sold by approximately 5 million lb per quarter.
 At the same time, cost of goose and material salt, which came mostly from georg, remained
 at a stable level.
 All in all, our gross profit from sales reached over 91 million Slopes, which is by one-third
 more than a year ago.
 moving to the operating costs.
 during the third quarter of this year,
 Our slowing cost increased to 55 million Zloty.
 The increase was mainly driven by cyberpunk servicing costs in the amount of 17 million
 as a large number of our developers and testers were working on updating the game.
 game.
 We plan to reuse the next object together with the next gen addition in Q1 next year.
 Even though...
 the amount we dedicated to servicing cyberpunking Q3 still substantial, it is declining quarter
 by quora since the roots.
 GNA costs also increased versus last year.
 Among others, we included in this position some of the early project research based costs
 in the amount of 4 million slotted, as well as close to a 9 million slotted charge due
 due to our incentive program.
 discharge is based on actuarial valuation it's of a non-cashnature. All in all our
 next profit for the third quarter of this year, which is 16 million Zloty, as G.O.G.
 opposed to negative results, and net profit of 21 million Zloty was generated by each
 to the pipeline.
 Regarding GOG, its performance does present a challenge and recently we've taken measures
 to improve its financial standing.
 First and foremost, we've decided that GOG should focus more on its core business activity,
 which means offering a hand-picked selection of games
 with its unique theory and pre-philosophy.
 In line with this approach, there will be changes in the team structure.
 some GOG developers who have already been working on online solutions mainly by the
 the studio.
 to the diagram.
 Furthermore, at the end of this video, I would like to thank you for watching this video.
 of this year, DOG, will leave the grant consortium.
 And this means that it will.
 .
 neither bear its portion of expenses nor obtain the corresponding share of revenues associated with this project.
 Alongside all these changes, we initiated through the organization of GOG's operations.
 We believe that all of the changes we are introducing will allow Georgia to focus more
 on its core business and improve its financial effectiveness in 2022.
 back to the group results. Although Q3 has never been my favorite quarter, I would like
 presented in a longer perspective. Let's go to the next slide number 9. The total
 height of each of the bars represents revenues for each of the third quarters.
 Revenue-wise, this was our best third quarter ever.
 From these revenues, we covered our cost and expenses, marked gray, and earned our net
 profits marked blue. However, this year our cost structure was different than before.
 Please go to the next slide.
 Substantial costs were either driven by time limited activity, like the cyberpunk
 long-servicing extensives marked green and early phase research cost marked red.
 latter are actually, in a way, an investment into our future products and
 Also, some new substantial costs were of a non-cash nature, like the cyberpunk depreciation
 cost marked yellow.
 Let's move to the next slide, number 11.
 our consolidated balance sheet. Over the third quarter of this year, our balance of expenditures
 and development projects remain stable.
 Our investment into development of future products accounting-wise was similar to the
 to reduce product depreciation.
 But at the same time, our receivables decreased from 248 down to 166 million zlotys, which
 which is natural after a seasonally stronger second quarter.
 At the same time, our long and short term
 out of financial assets increased in line
 with our purchases of T bonds as a way of diversifying
 our financial reserves.
 The total value of key bonds, cash and deposits included in the positions marked with a star
 is summed up under the total loss of stable to the amount of new one billion and one hundred
 85 million slaughter as of the end of September.
 This means that our financial reserves increased by 55 million slotted during the third quarter.
 The price group equity increased over the third quarter of 2021 mainly due to the retained
 profits for the period, and capital bookings related to the long-term group's incentive
 program. Among liabilities, our trade and other liabilities increased by 21 million
 logic, whereas the total level of provisions decreased by 49 million
 in that slot.
 This was mainly driven by the consumption of the previously set sales provisions.
 I haven't elaborated much on the expenditures and development projects, so now please go to the next page, number 12.
 for the prior correct expenditures on research, development, and service of released games
 So this is a continuation of what I was presenting during our previous calls.
 The yellow part represents our total cost of servicing our reduced games, mainly cyberpunk and GWENT.
 As I mentioned before, the amount dedicated to cyberpunk continues to decline this year.
 at the same time the proportion of the team and therefore the total expenditures related
 the future projects.
 keeps growing. It's represented by both the green slice, early phase research cost and
 the blue part, actual development of new projects.
 This is in line with us.
 Aram was presenting just now regarding the involvement of our team.
 And finally, our simplified cash flow on Slides 13.
 Buffets for the period were supported by the newly 89 million slotted reduction on perceivables.
 In cash terms, we expense 26.5 million Zlotych on development of new projects, while the
 A non-cash book depreciation of historic expenditures on release products
 reached nearly 23 million losses.
 All other flows and changes are below 10 million zlotys,
 Among others, this amount includes payment of the purchase price for digital scapes currently
 to the project with Vancouver.
 Altogether, our financial reserves increased by 55 million slottis up to 1 billion and nearly
 185 million zlotys in cash, bank deposits and t-bonds as of the end of September 2021.
 That's all from me for now. Thank you for your attention. Let's now move on to the Q&A
 Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star one on your telephone keypad
 If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Again, please press star 1 to ask a question.
 We'll pause for just a few moments to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions.
 We'll take our first question from Nick Dempsey with Barclays.
 Yeah, good evening guys. I've got sort of three questions, one question and another two questions.
 So first of all, if we look at the cyberprime depreciation
 and the Cyberpunk service lines in third quarter on slide 10.
 We know the depreciation line will continue at this level every quarter for basically another
 four years, I believe. What about Cyberpunk Service Line? If you're working hard to sell
 side-to-side units and we're trying to model you selling side-to-side units should we continue
 to expect something like this for the cyberpunk service line, so in other words, it should
 continue to expect those two cost items to continue at these sort of levels for quite a while.
 Second part of the question, we can see that cyberpunk 2077 has been priced very low in
 Black Friday promotions, numerous examples of that.
 So two questions on that.
 First of all, after people have seen those prices and got used to that, is it possible
 to get cyberbots back to even as much as a $50 sticker price.
 And the second question is, given that you guys aren't really chasing volume to get
 And in game revenue like Ubisoft or NEA, how much of those discounts do you kind of take
 parking and sanction how much it is just the retail you're still getting full
 price but it's just a retailer having a heavy hit to the price.
 OK, so yes, the depreciation of the already
 Expansed prior to the release expenditures on cyberpunk development will be with us for
 the next five years from the release. So we still have around four years in front of us
 And they are supposed to be flat at the level of 3%
 of the total budget of the game per quarter.
 unlike the expenditures for servicing the game.
 obviously will keep servicing the game as long as necessary. However, I strongly hope
 I hope you will not take five years.
 And as I mentioned during my part of the presentation already this year, this amount was decreasing
 quarter by quarter. Right now we are in a special moment heading to the release of the
 the next addition of cyberpunk.
 So part of the servicing expenses
 is also dedicated to the next patch that will be out together with the next in addition,
 It's still a substantial part of the team.
 focuses to work on it.
 Obviously after release of the next in addition there will still probably be some work to
 be done and work to be taken care of. However, naturally, I would expect that after that
 the level of servicing expenditures related to cyberpunk should decrease more substantially.
 Thank you.
 from my side as far as the first question is concerned.
 I'll take the second one, so first and foremost we are focused on bringing back the sentiment
 and that's our first goal.
 price matters of course, but more gamers playing Cyberpunk, more happy they are, but the future
 this franchise has, obviously.
 Regarding pricing, we are not planning any moves in the nearest future.
 The next gen update will be for free for all who already bought the game on the last gen.
 And the price of the next inversion will be the same as the price of the current version
 as this update is for free.
 Of course, having more content in Chadupang,
 I mean, especially expansion, will allow us to offer new
 editions, but it's too early to talk about it.
 I mean, it's way too early.
 But of course, we are thinking about stabilizing prices.
 but first and foremost, we have to bring back
 good sentiment around the game.
 Okay, thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Matthew Walker with Credit Suisse.
 Thanks a lot.
 Good evening, everybody.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 So the first one is just a quick follow-up.
 when you say you're stabilizing the prices
 and that will be applied also to next gen.
 And do you need stabilizing at the current level
 that we see on the various platforms?
 or do you mean stabilizing it by getting it back
 to the original price of 70 dollars.
 just if you could clarify that.
 Definitely, in the quarter, obviously, the sales, unfortunately, have missed to people
 expectations.
 Was that due to units or was it due to price?
 or what did a combination of the two things.
 And then, lastly, on expansion, you intend it to do,
 Well, you still intend, I guess, to do expansion
 at some point in 2022, can you just clarify that that is your current intention to release
 the cyberpunk expansion in 22.
 Good evening. I'll take the first one, Adam.
 So, I meant that now you can see a number of promotions on Cyberpunk, not only in Black
 Friday and some of them are arranged together with us, some are independent activities of
 of retailers.
 So, after next transition is released, we can stabilize the price in terms of promotion,
 but we are not going to rise the price with next gen,
 We can discuss and we will discuss when we will be closer to expansion, what then after
 Releasing expansions should be our pricing policy, but it's it's too early to comment and I can take the third one
 We haven't said anything about dates and the scope of the expansion, so I don't want to
 pre-announce what is going to be announced when it will be ready.
 Regarding commenting regarding commenting on the external expectations on ourselves
 Honestly speaking, it's hard for me to comment on external expectations, whether any difference
 comes from this or that factor. There are two things that I would like to point your
 attention to first and foremost Q3 is always the one of the weakest of the
 weaker squatter of the year, and secondly, still most of the
 sales we generate come from the digital sales as our distributors shift a sizable number
 of units on release and therefore no additional revenues are recognized by us on this part
 of the market.
 Therefore, what we can book into our current results are mostly reports received from the
 digital distributors.
 That's the cell from my site.
 I just have one quick follow-up, which is, can you just explain your restructuring of GOG?
 And does that mean that we're going to see sales from that product line in the P&L decrease
 for the next few courses and just give a bit more colour on what's going on at GOG.
 No, the restructuring of GOG is rather to allow the team to focus on its core business,
 So Gwent operations will not be co-hosted or co-worked by the IGOG team, entire operations
 will be done by the product rep.
 We also...
 and decided to move some of the processes that are related to online features used to
 mainly by to the project directly to the project and at the same time we organize operations
 of the company internally as far as the back office of GeoG is concerned.
 So it should not have any direct influence on GOG sales, either our or external products.
 Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
 We'll take our next question from Maddie Boutinen with Bernstein.
 Thank you, good evening.
 The first one on the sales of Witcher 3 or rather the Witcher franchise in total, could
 Did you give us a comment directionally?
 Was that below last year's level?
 Then a question on the promotions you're doing around Black Friday.
 apart from the price promotions themselves, is there a
 significant marketing cost components related to that as well and in general paid media
 sort of marketing above, for example, what you did for the summer sales.
 And then finally on Gwent, you mentioned that you're potentially rescaling the team of Gwent.
 Now, right now the developer allocation to GWENT is quite considerable relative to the
 the revenues, if I understand correctly, so would that sort of materially change in the
 future. Thank you.
 Yes, sir.
 Thank you.
 This one.
 Uh, studies of the...
 which are in 2021 where it was below 2020 results.
 So, yes, it was below 2020 results, and there were, I believe, there were three major factors
 behind it. At the end of 2019, we released the Witcher on Switch, so that was a relatively
 the press release in 2020.
 Secondly, 2020, especially the first half of it, was strongly supported by the pandemic
 situation and this effect is not that visible this year and certainly at the end of 2019
 There was the premiere of the Netflix Witcher series, which extended the potential audience
 and the recognition of the Witcher universe, which I believe also, in some parts, supported
 the Witcher 3 saves. While this year, 2021, there was not much happening in the Witcher
 universe from our side.
 However, as you know, we are focusing on releasing the next year, which I believe will be an
 important step for the history of this game.
 I'll take the second one, extra costs, marketing costs related to Black Friday. I would say
 No, I'm close to zero.
 We have some constant marketing outflow and activity.
 Your conversation will be continued in a moment.
 Please, hold on.
 We are trying to reconnect your call.
 Please wait. Your conversation will continue.
 Hello, am I back?
 All right, I'm back.
 I was disconnected.
 So I'll start from the beginning, answering the second question about marketing costs
 related to Black Friday, because I don't know when I was disconnected.
 So, extra costs are close to zero.
 We have a constant low of marketing costs, I would say, but there was no extra cost associated
 to this or that promotion.
 You will take the third one, right?
 Yeah, so in case of Gwent our primary goal is to optimize Gwent based on our experience from past years of operating the game
 Gwent is already available though, several hardware plants.
 No need to further invest into this direction.
 And right now we want to focus on the quality of experience provided within the game itself
 rather than on the extensive approach to the technology.
 At the same time, we want to go into flexible enabling us to use parts of it in other projects
 underway and draft, while ensuring that the game continues to receive regular updates
 comes and drops. So the aim of it is to reduce part of the costs allocated directly to GWENT,
 while at the same time, continue supporting it with new content and releases.
 Very helpful thanks everyone.
 Thank you.
 our next question from Jamie Bay, Slip, Bergenberg.
 Good evening.
 Thanks for the questions. I've got three please the first one. I don't know if she's covered it
 So we'll cut off for a second.
 Can you explain why your income tax for the quarter is so low compared to last year?
 experience there.
 second question on there is an article last week about the steam performance of cyber
 funk.
 take away to say that the situation, you know, we're looking to keep all of the
 situation is improving on PC and reviving phones to get better, but it's still a pretty
 you may just struggle with comfort.
 The third question is with a written answer about COVID resurgence.
 Have you had to consider closing in a few years again and going back to working from home
 are you still continuing to sort of open up and get people back to the office?
 Thank you.
 So I'll start with the first one.
 Actually, the tax amount visible in the P&L statement
 is a combination of taxes calculated by to the prior credit and georg.com as you may
 As we know, at Sudaparic Reds, we qualify to tax most of our revenues coming from our
 intellectual properties with 5%.
 So this positive stocks from the product crash
 was relatively low.
 as big part of that was tax for the lower rate.
 unlike in case of GOG, who had negative results,
 and therefore was allowed to create a negative provision for the tax based on the tax rate
 of 19%. So, the smaller negative gross profits multiplied by 19% on the OG side compensated
 bigger gross profits taxed to buy effectively lower tax rate and therefore the total amount
 of the two taxes from the two segments is slightly above zero.
 So that's the answer to the question.
 So I'll take the second one, and the situation is improving on PC and consoles, where it's
 It's more visible on PC as calls are updated daily by Steam, but we see improvement of
 the sentiment surrounding cyberpunk on every cluster.
 and the third one, COVID and Homeoffice.
 We have internal commitment that will continue Home Office for those who would like to work
 I'm home till the at least meet next year while we are preparing and analyzing the further
 model. And our idea is to find our own path based on some internal and external research
 and to propose the optimal model for the group and then iterate.
 so so it won't be like the post-covid model and full stop rule for post-model iterate
 available in several different countries and I would like to thank you very much.
 and adjust if you want to stay flexible,
 even though we believe that's working in it.
 I'm working on the game, and it's working in this kind of industry, always, it's always
 better.
 easier when we work together, but time is very, I mean, the situation is very different
 We have to be flexible.
 flexible.
 even though, as I said, people, a pin can work from home.
 You can see about the 40 campaigns up to 50% of team members working from the office.
 Thank you.
 very good. Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Tarell Zadia with Bank of America.
 Thank you for taking my questions.
 questions.
 Could you give any further details on what caused the delays of the Wichita 3-dex trade
 to Q2 and try to come 2077 next year and to Q1 next year.
 That's my first question and my second question is that are you experiencing any wage inflation
 in your local offices in Poland and do you anticipate any racial inflation in your new
 in Vancouver and Doston and finally could you just talk a little bit more about your
 acquisition strategy, such as what sort of CDAs we're still here looking to acquire going
 Thank you.
 So I'll take the first one.
 And as I said in the presentation, development of both games, next game, games is on track
 to meet their targeted dates, with Cp we are currently at the testing stage, so it's
 we have to be sure that what we are releasing is in a very very good shape
 And this requires substantial effort since the next version includes graphical updates.
 updates, exploiting the potential of the new consoles along with a set of system level
 improvements. I'm talking about systems which are
 that are general to the game.
 Not a revolution, but still they can interact with with other systems
 And so we have to be sure that there is no regression whatsoever.
 most people for this we need some extra time for testing with which are three
 the next-gen version situation is a big difference. The next-gen version is being developed by
 our trusted partner, Sabre Interactive, of course, with collaboration with us, and as
 It was originally released almost seven years ago.
 Of course, technology has rapidly advanced since then, and new solutions have emerged
 some of which are
 There were not, the original game was lacking of them, like raytracing and this update is
 to be technical updates.
 There will be a small pack of DRCs, but we are working mostly on technical things, and
 as we are thinking about new technologies,
 apply to this.
 So the old game, it turned out that we need a bit more time for this technical task.
 Okay. I'll take the second question regarding a wage inflation. Yes, indeed we do experience
 wage pressure cost among others by the high rate of inflation in Poland, and also competition
 on the remote work market. That's mainly for Poland. As far as the Boston and Vancouver
 studios are concerned, they are relatively new to the company. We work with them for
 a couple of months.
 So it's hard to talk about visible inflation on our side.
 I would say we are learning these markets, and for the first time, we learned in practice
 cooperating with them. So it's too early for us to say whether we see the inflation there or not.
 I'll take the third one.
 As we announced in our strategy, we want to be a bit more focused on MNAs.
 There are two, at least two ways.
 The first, which is the funk of the way, is to empower to the project Red Steam at the
 The same was with Strangely Things, which we acquired years ago in the last one, which
 and of course if there is any any talented team interested in joining the project with
 supporting our strategy.
 We are open to discuss.
 And the second way is to find talent and teams eager to grow and develop games within our
 franchises, but still maintaining partial independence, I mean, their identity, and this is the Molafa's
 flat case, kind of similar to Spocko, even though Spocko was not quiet, was established
 and as a startup within the group, it's fairly the same model.
 The Molossus slot will be a bit more integrated with the studio, but still there will be Molossus
 slot at the project studio, not at the project.
 Thank you very much.
 We'll take our next question from glad amir best out of with VTV capital
 Hello, thank you for the presentation and for taking my question. I have actually two
 questions. So one is on the early project research phase cost. Are we going to see those in 2022 or
 these are somehow related to your plans to develop in parallel to AAA games or whatever.
 starting from next year and this could be capitalized from next year and the
 The other one probably is on Malasa spot.
 mentioned that it's going to work on a separate project, but is it like an absolutely separate
 project or is it somehow related to those, again, plans to develop and parallel to treat
 of the way.
 Thank you.
 And maybe one more short follow-up on your M&A activities to have a pipeline of potential
 for the next video.
 Thank you.
 top of the two, which you have already concluded. And if not, so what would be the capital allocation
 for the cache file that you have given that you keep generating quite a lot of cache.
 Thank you
 Okay, so I'll take the first one.
 However, unfortunately, I'm unable to give you a precise guidance on that.
 On one side, I hope we will always keep researching new projects and exploring new ideas.
 In the other, the new ideas should one day, in absolutely most of the cases, transform
 into development of specified projects.
 And that's what we are heading to with the products
 that are currently under the research phase.
 So that's still for those ones in front of us.
 Adam
 Yes, I'll pair with the second and the third.
 The Molasa Strat project is on top of the Parallel AAA development.
 This is planned for today's break, right?
 And Pre-Precret is responsible for this.
 And Molasa's blood is something on top of those projects.
 But, as I said, they'll work close in.
 for the rest of the staff working closely to the project, but they have their special expertise
 And that project is something, as I said, on top of those internal projects.
 And with a pipeline of M&As.
 No, we don't have a...
 We have pipelines but we are not changing our strategy.
 The project was built in an organic way, and we treat those M&As as a great extension of our goals.
 but still we have our own strategy we have two great franchises and we want to
 developed gains and we have even more plans within those franchises so we are
 We are rather looking for talented teams to support us and we are not really looking for
 Consolidating someone's revenues or PNLs.
 So it's hard to say that we have a pipeline of M&A's.
 But of course we are looking around, we are talking to people and if we are coming across
 group of talented people that are interested in joining us, then we can start the discussion.
 So, it brings to the conclusion that the pile of cash we have will be, I mean, have a different
 your allocation, but maybe you can help me with this for sure, I mean, we were always
 to keep huge buffers, tripurates, or expensive, and we want to be aggressive and brash in
 our strategy. So I think the first and foremost we need buffers, but we'd like to add some
 regarding our facilitation.
 Totally confirmed nothing to it
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Ken Rumpf with Jeffries.
 Hello, gentlemen.
 Apologies if the first question has already been asked,
 I dropped off the line and came back again.
 The first one was just, have you any further comment or
 quantification on the kind of early stage development that's been expensed, may have
 which says just directly back to the transcript, I'll catch it later.
 Then three quick questions.
 Firstly, the molasses flood, as I recall, was pitching two gains at E3 in 2019.
 Drake's Hello, and another one.
 Was the other game that they were working on the one that you're the ambitious project that you've kind of taken them over for?
 I.e. have you been kind of somehow working with them for that long?
 or maybe they had a gain that they subsequently decided would fit your IP.
 Anyway, second question would just an update on employee turnover.
 Third question.
 You commented about regarding kind of commenting
 on the future that you wouldn't, you'd kind of stick to a shorter time horizon.
 Do I imagine that that's a year?
 Have I imagined that or is that the plan?
 So for instance, at the beginning of next year, at some point,
 might we get a kind of roadmap that says, OK,
 here's the first expansion, and at some point we do the data
 name for it or you or might you for instance map out all of the expansion
 Is there a kind of pattern that we should expect in terms of kind of forward roadmap?
 world map. Thank you.
 So, I'll take the first one, but there was a question before, I'm sorry, before whether
 we elaborate it, and it's more specific on the early research
 base cost.
 No.
 We did not.
 But during Q3, we expensed 4,000,000 logic on it.
 And naturally, we didn't elaborate more on what project
 it refers to or what specifically was done when this project.
 Okay, that's great.
 Well done. Thanks.
 All right, the molasa slot. Well, I think that I have to skip this question because it's it's internal
 thing and we are not revealing too much about what kind of project and we are not guiding
 in any direction regarding our project.
 Yes, they released two games.
 we were evaluating what they have been working on,
 but no further comments in this regard.
 But with it, I can't want, I can't have one comment, we didn't acquire them, we didn't
 join sources for their game and they will work on this.
 It always started working on the game, which is within one of our franchises, which was
 it's not possible before we conclude it there, let's go.
 So, turn over, is it yours?
 Yeah, over the past 10 months our turnover was
 At a standard I'd say the standard doesn't know so percent
 and typical for the industry, where some terms typically occurs in the wake of each large
 projects, so people move on to other projects or to entirely different endeavors.
 I believe it's a natural process and we are within the industry standards and there is
 nothing surprising us or nothing substantially different to what we
 experience after the release of the VHS3.
 And I'll tell you the third one, so I think that we'll come back to the strategic plans
 after the next generation of type monkeys release, because this is key.
 I mean, the sentiment about cyber conquests
 absolutely key to our new year future and yes so definitely not not before
 Let's release cyberpunk, let's see where we are, and then let's talk about the next year or years.
 Okay, makes sense. Thank you all.
 Thank you
 And again, if you would like to ask a question, please press star 1.
 We'll take our next question from Thomas Rodak with Boss Volfig.
 Hi, thanks for taking my question.
 I'd like to know if you're talking to physical distributors about new generation releases
 of cyberpunk and to the Witcher 3, are you already talking about these releases?
 Will you have to provide additional boxes for these releases or maybe they're already
 enough boxes left from the time of the main premiere.
 This is the first question.
 and
 Yeah, the second question regards the road map for cyberpunk for the next year.
 I understand that you will provide the roadmap
 after the next gen version is released.
 That's what I understood from the last answer.
 Could you confirm it?
 And the third question is regarding the Malapas plot.
 I wonder when will you be ready to reveal anything about the new game from Malacca's
 club.
 Thank you.
 So the first question, yes, obviously, we talk with our distributors on how to launch
 next-gen edition and how to use it under the readeries, but I'm afraid I have no details
 to show right now as not everything is agreed yet and not everything will be initiated exactly
 at the same time.
 So please stay tuned and I'm sure that shortly or in one day we will announce more details
 Hi, I'll take the second one.
 No, not yet after after
 after NG's next generation of cyberpunk,
 definitely but not like we are planning after and everything is set in stone we
 He wants to release the game, see the situation and then decide when to update the strategy
 based on the data we'll have after the release.
 So it's hard to commit to any date, depending on what we'll see after release.
 It's the third one. I will take the third one.
 Well, it's way too early to say, we started, but you know, we had the very beginning of
 of their way, we are establishing how we cooperate, we are working on designs of course, but you
 You know, it's an initial phase, so I'm not going to guide whether it, when it will be,
 It will be ready to talk about the game, to reveal design and to explain this concept
 to the gamers.
 Thank you
 Thanks
 We'll take our next question from Nick Dempsey with Barclays.
 I guess you're just going to squeeze in another one.
 Provisions were a slightly confusing element in Q2.
 Can I just confirm that there are no further dissolved provisions impacting the net sales
 in this course and no new provisions either, so when we're looking at provisions in your
 numbers that just relates to the cost lines in this quarter. Is that correct?
 Yes, major change in the provisions line comes from natural consumption of the provisions
 We said historically, obviously, there were some new cost provisions as it's natural for
 the ongoing business, but there was nothing like big new progress in coming in or cancellation
 or reevaluation of the provisions which historically set.
 Thank you.
 That concludes today's question and answer session.
 Speakers, at this time, I will turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing
 and remarks.
 Thank you very much. I think we've covered everything. We have comments or questions
 waiting on on the chat all right so so we can cover this I'll read it out loud and
 and then we're all done on the last.
 So the first question is from Mikhail Volchakovsky's,
 from Ecoplasma Securities.
 you announce patch 1.5 to be released in line with the next gen version of the game.
 why you are skipping patch 1.4
 is included in 1.5. Well, it's a big update, so we wanted to stress it with round number,
 And it's hard to say that we are skipping, but that's true.
 We are not releasing any updates before next-gen addition
 to pack the whole batch of improvements in one
 the update to support the impact on next-gen edition.
 The next one is from Konrad Kasuzki, Bloomberg News.
 How far are you from reaching?
 you may have some with number of cyberpunk copies sold.
 So as you know, we normally share such sales data as a marketing tool.
 And therefore, we did not plan to release this information today.
 neither precise information or any information whether we are close or not that close.
 so excuse us but today is not today we will we will operate more on that the
 The next question from Mr. Krasnowski is, what is the technical stage of reparations
 of next gen.
 How certain are you concerned concerning to one as a date for cyberpunk update?
 So, as I told during the presentation, all the information we have from both teams, cyber
 Our internal cyberpunk team working on next-gen edition and Tabor working on which are three
 next-gen editions.
 Thank you.
 are saying that we are on track.
 So that's what we can say.
 And in terms of the status of cyberpunk development,
 It's in a tasting phase, so we are testing the game, checking whether everything is
 fine as
 As I said, there are improvements and changes in general systems which can interact with
 many other systems so we have to truly test the game to be sure more than ever that what
 you are releasing is well polished.
 And the next question is from Nihal Wojczykowski,
 pop-up mass securities when exactly in 2022 you expect to start simultaneous full production
 of two AAA games.
 And I'll answer, uh...
 actually it's already started but still we are in R&D sizes but we have two
 groups of I mean we have a group of developers working on the next to play
 but but it's not capitalized yet but in early next year there will be stronger
 Because after releasing the next generation, actually, there will be the right moment to
 to say that, yes, we are producing AAA content within two franchises at the same time.
 I'll take the next one from Piotr Poniatowski, M-Bank.
 how many developers worked at Spocko at the end of Q221.
 and also simple around 60.
 Next question from Marek Kažmiertak, B.A.G. Sikwaza, T.F.
 Cyberpunk 2077, we have not heard anything about online or multiplayer.
 Could you elaborate in that?
 Yes, I can add some color, but the plan remains the same.
 So we are planning to add multi-layer functionalities
 in the future to both franchises, including cyberpunk, gradually.
 So, and we are not reviewing when which functions will get the first multiplayer functionalities,
 but the first attempt will be something we can learn from and then we can add more and
 more so step by step we want to open our single player experience we open multi we want to open
 doors to to to to to multiplayer but but adding some multiplayer activities gradually.
 And then the next question is for a custom caster, a copper ion, try them.
 Have you considered implementing Cyberpunk into a subscription service like Xbox Gamepass?
 you discuss the advantages and disadvantages of such cooperation from business point of
 you.
 And I can answer, we always consider any business opportunity, but this kind of subscription
 model is
 Good at a certain moment of the life cycle of the of the product so so not too early
 But, which are three?
 One of the which is was for for some time in in subscription. We have to waste way
 the benefit and cost each time so we can have to compare it sales and so so it's a
 It's rather a decision based on data.
 It's way too early for some of this.
 and as I can see this is the end I mean it's close to 7 p.m. here Warsaw so
 So thank you very much, if you have any further questions, please contact our IR, we are glad
 to help you.
 much.
 Nice evening.
 This concludes today's call.
 Thank you for your participation.
 You may now disconnect.