Good morning, good afternoon and good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us to review Sanofi's 2021 fourth quarter and full year results, followed by a Q&A session. As usual, you can find the slides for this earnings call on the investors page of our website at sanofi.com. Moving to slide three, I would like to remind you that information presented in this call contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially. I refer you to our Form 20-F document on file with the SEC and also our document dossier for a description of these risks. Without, please advance to slide four. Our speakers on the call today are Paul Hudson, Chief Executive Officer, the Global Business Unit Heads, Phil Sibbald, Thomas Triomphe, Olivier Charmeil and Julie Langangeval and Jean-Baptiste Chacallon, Chief Financial Officer. For the Q&A, you have two options to participate. Option one, click the raised hand icon at the bottom of your screen. Or option two, submit your question by clicking the Q&A icon at the bottom of the screen. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Paul. Well, thank you, Ella, and thanks to everyone for joining our call today. Delighted to be here and together with the members of the executive team to take you through the updates on our business and financial performance. You may have noticed that the visual change to our materials is more clear, it's more modern. I want to emphasize that as part of the transformation, simply nothing is off the table, including how parts of the business are named or indeed presented. Going forward, we'll be known as Sanofi across our businesses, and we continue to work to raise the standards of disease treatment and prevention. Let's start, as full of you, we delivered a 7.1% sales growth year compared to 3.3% last year. Dupixent grew across all geographies and vaccines delivered another year of record influenza business with more than 2.6 billion euros in sales. The contribution of our other GDU's has also been critical. The core assets we prioritized in our general medicine business grew 5.6%, now amounting to 5.8 billion euros together. And our consumer health business is catching up fast to close the gap with market growth. Bottom line, we delivered an EPS of 6.56, growing at 15.5%, and continuing the strong trend we set since 2019. We have again improved our profitability with a BLI that now stands at 28.6%. This is driven by both improved gross profitability given the growing specialty care and germ-led core assets portfolios, as well as our disciplined in spending. At the same time, the way we set our financial targets allows us to keep adding to our early stage pipeline. I'll talk a little more about that in a few minutes. Moving to slide 7, let me turn to our main transformation activities this year. We announced six bolt-on acquisitions to strengthen our growth areas in immunology, oncology, and vaccines. They're a perfect fit with our strategic priorities, as outlined at our Capital Markets Day in December 2019. We're still on the lookout for exciting business development opportunities, for example, our collaboration with Beyond, which adds a new generation checkpoint inhibitor to our clinical pipeline. We also intend to unlock the potential of digital, data, and artificial intelligence in drug discovery and development. This is the rationale behind our partnerships with Ocum and Extentia to help us further accelerate our efforts in immunology and oncology. As we focus our efforts on building a sustainable pipeline, we're also taking action to reduce our complexity, again, fully in line with our 2019 commitments. We have continued to divest brands from our established portfolio and moved more than 50 countries to a distributor model. The standalone model for consumer health is about 80% complete, and we've started an ambitious program to reduce the number of consumer healthcare brands. The next major milestone for us this year will be the planned IPO of EuroAPI, which could create the second biggest API player in the world. Now let's move to what is at the core of our play-to-win strategy, developing breakthrough medicines and vaccines to improve people's lives. Let me give you a few highlights of what has been achieved over the past 12 months to advance our priority assets and beat industry benchmarks in R&D productivity. We delivered seven positive pivotal readouts last year. The seven add marks a major scientific advancement in our effort to provide protection against RSV for all infants. We're about to begin global submissions one year ahead of our initial plan, and we're getting ready to launch for the 2023 RSV season. Dupixent has only begun to penetrate the large type 3 patient population in atopic derm and asthma. Last year, four additional indications delivered positive results. The year was also marked by eight major approvals for Dupixent, Libtaya, and Saltiza, as well as Nexirazine in Pompe disease, which strengthens our rare disease franchise. Our R&D engine achieved a remarkable milestone this year, with 10 molecules entered in the clinical pipeline from in-house research. It's something we have never achieved in the past. Our focus on three key therapeutic areas, immunology, oncology, neurology, is increasing. We're building an industry-leading immunology pipeline and have put our OX40 ligand antibody under telemap on the list of our priority assets, which allocates additional funding to allow accelerated development of the program. A potential first-in-class and best-in-class treatment for a range of immune-mediated diseases, starting with atopic dermatitis. Bilzabrutinib is in phase two development as a potential oral treatment option. Trials in asthma and CSU are going to be opened soon. Oncology keeps building with the amstonestin first-line study, Amira 5 already fully recruited, significantly earlier than planned given the high interest in the study from the investigator community. In addition, we entered broad phase two programs for our engineered best-in-class Intelucan 2 star 245 and our first-in-class T-cam 5 antibody for Punditica to explore and accelerate the development in areas of high unmet need. In neurology, our scientists are continuing to build the body of data showing the impact of Tolobrutinib on human microglia, which supports the thesis that this brain-penetrant molecule modulates neuroinflammatory processes directly within the central nervous system. We will share new and important data at ACTRIMS just coming up shortly. We also have started phase three developments of Tolobrutinib for the treatment of myasthenia gravis, a chronic progressive neuromuscular disease that strikes more than 10,000 people each year in the US alone. Advancing to slide nine, I want to highlight how we have strengthened the early stages of our clinical pipeline by adding 36 projects in one year. This speaks volumes about our commitment to build an industry-leading sustainable pipeline with a steady stream of new assets that can transform the practice of medicine. 2021 has also marked the creation of our mRNA Center of Excellence to accelerate the development of the next generation of vaccines with the ambition to deliver a minimum of six clinical candidates by 2025. We shared with you the interim results of our first mRNA monovalent flu study and pivoted our platform to modified mRNA in record time. As we transform and modernize the company for the long term, the teams also keep delivering robust performance and creating value in the short term. Our Q4 program is a good reflection of this. In fact, this quarter marks the first time that the specialty care business has led our business units by sales. Key growth drivers for specialty care were Dupixent 53% up compared to the same quarter last year, and our specialty care pipeline has grown to 87 projects in phase one to three, with 61 in our key therapeutic areas of oncology, immunology, and neurology. So with that, let's start with specialty care and build. Over to you. Thank you, Paul. It is indeed a very exciting milestone for specialty care to emerge as the largest business unit of Sanofi by sales in the last quarter. This milestone validates our commitment to execute on our business priorities and to be a leader in innovative medicines that change patients' lives. The fourth quarter proved to be another remarkable period of growth for our specialty care franchises, with €3.5 billion in sales up 21.3%. As mentioned by Paul earlier, Dupixent, our truly transformative immunology megabrand, delivered once again a stellar quarter with more than €1.5 billion of sales and high double-digit growth across all regions. More about the brand performance in just a minute. Double-digit growth of our oncology franchise in the quarter and for the full year was mainly driven by the continued launch execution of Skyrkisa and Libtayo in their respective key markets. Looking ahead, we are on a trajectory to exceed €1 billion in sales in oncology this year, despite the continued decline of Jevtana due to generic competition for the product in Europe. Our rare disease business reported exceptionally strong fourth quarter sales, up 9.5%, driven primarily by higher demand across the Pompe, Gossé, and Fradbray franchises. Notably, our Pompe franchise reached blockbuster status in 2021, totaling more than €1 billion in global sales. We are making great progress in the U.S. uptake of Naxivazime, our recently launched next-generation ERT for Pompe disease. We are actively working on establishing Naxivazime as the next standard of care in global markets. We obtained marketing approval in Japan in November and have launched there. In addition, we look forward to a number of potential approvals in 2022 and continue to work toward approval in Europe from the EMA. Our blood disorders franchise sales grew 2.7% when excluding lower industrial sales facility. Growth of the franchise in the fourth

in the US. High fourth quarter sales of neurology and immunology were due to the performance of Kevzara, which grew mainly because of the continued global demand for IL-6 receptor blockers and a temporary shortage of a competitor product, Tosilizumab. As a result, we expect the demand for Kevzara, which is indicated for patients with rheumatoid arthritis, to remain strong in the coming months. Strong growth of Kevzara was partially offset by anticipated sales declines of Abagio and Lemtada in the quarter. Now moving to slide 13. Dupixent delivered another year of outstanding performance in 2021, driven by consistent strong growth quarter after quarter in US and ex-US markets. Last year alone, Dupixent added 1.7 billion euros of incremental sales to the top line, making it Sanofi's number one growth driver. Annualizing now at more than 6 billion euros in sales, we continue to believe that we are just at the beginning of the journey for this mega brand. Over the last two years, the key contributors of consistent strong growth have been patient demand, the approval of new indications, and the expansion of the younger patient populations. I'd like to remind you that Q4 to Q1 growth is commonly impacted in the US due to patient deductibles reset. However, consistent strong underlying demand quarter over quarter has resulted in Dupixent becoming the number one newly prescribed biologic among each specialist we call on, including dermatologists, allergists, pulmonologists, and ENTs. Outside the US, China continues to represent a major growth opportunity. With more than 30,000 adult patients treated to date, the launch is progressing strongly and according to our plans. Dupixent's growth opportunity in China is bolstered by the early NRDL listing, which was just extended by the authorities in China to include the 200 milligram dose, improving our access to the adolescent patient population. In atopic dermatitis specifically, we have been rapidly advancing our leadership as new entrants come to the market in the US, Europe, and Japan. We believe competition can further raise awareness and help unlock our full market potential in AD. Recent US approvals of competitive AD treatment options have come with a significant delay and in some cases safety concerns, which are reflected in their labels. In line with our expectations, some new entrants have restricted indications as second line systemic therapies, which can mean use after Dupixent. We believe this further reinforces Dupixent's best in disease clinical profile, balancing rapid and sustained efficacy with proven long-term efficacy. This strengthens our position as first line therapy in the growing AD market. At the same time, we remain focused on delivering milestones for future growth, including the regulatory submissions of AD in children younger than six years old and in eosinophilic esophagitis. In asthma, we received a positive CHMP opinion for Dupixent in patients as young as six years old, with a final decision expected by the European Commission in the coming months. We are also excited about the recent pivotal data readout in prego nodularis, which I will discuss briefly on my next slide. On slide 14, the data points on the charts demonstrate impressively the consistent benefits Dupixent has shown across two phase three trials, Prime and Prime 2. These data confirm significant improvements in itch and the appearance of skin lesions in patients who are inadequately controlled with topical therapies or for whom those therapies were not advisable. The pivotal data readout is also confirming the potential benefit of targeting IL-4 and IL-13 as the central drivers of type 2 inflammation in this specific disease, adding yet another indication for Dupixent if approved. Importantly, data from the Prime and Prime 2 studies were consistent with the well-established safety profile of Dupixent in already approved indications. We are very excited about the opportunity in prego nodularis given the high unmet need and lack of approved systemic therapies. We are on track to begin submissions to regulatory agencies in the first half of this year. Moving to slide 15, I'd like to highlight two of our launch opportunities in 2022. Both new products exemplify our commitment to bring innovative treatments to the market in specialty care, addressing underserved and sometimes ultra-rare diseases where there are few or no approved treatment options available. On the left side of the slide, we are eagerly expecting to obtain the FDA approval of futilimab with a PDUFA date tomorrow, February 5th. Futilimab has been developed as the first treatment for cold agglutinins, or CAD, and our plan is to begin launching the product in the US through our existing rare blood disorders business operations. A rollout of launches is planned for Japan later this year and in key European markets beginning in 2023. On the right side of the slide, the upcoming launch of alipodase alpha underscores our unwavering commitment to delivering innovative therapies for the rare disease patient community. Once approved, alipodase will be the first and only therapy for pediatric and adult patients living with non-CNS manifestations of acid single myelinate deficiencies, or ASMD, a rare disease that robs quality of life for patients and their families and also increases the risk of premature death. The clinical development program for alipodase has demonstrated positive results in two separate clinical trials in adult and pediatric patients. Data from the ASCEND and Phase II ASCEND-PEEDS trial evaluating alipodase alpha served as the basis for regulatory filings. Turning to slide 16. AFA, our uniquely engineered factor VIII, has the potential to revolutionize factor treatment for hemophilia A patients, pending successful completion of our ongoing Phase III trial. AFA is designed to maintain high factor levels for much longer than all currently marketed factor replacement therapies. The product profile aims of providing sustained protection at near-normal factor levels for most of the week, helping patients enjoy normal levels of physical activity, coupled with a low treatment burden of a once-weekly dose. Considering the winning combination of convenience with weekly dosing, therapeutic activity with unmatched factor levels, and a safety profile in line with other factor therapies, AFA has the potential to become the factor therapy of choice, significantly improving quality of life for hemophilia A patients. With the potential to capture a significant share of the global $5 billion factor class market, we see high commercial opportunity for Sanofi territories US and Japan, addressing patients already on factor therapy, and expect a rapid uptake once approved. We also believe that AFA's profile would be competitive against non-factor treatments, unlocking additional opportunities by converting a portion of the non-factor patient population to safe factor treatment. While we are still waiting to see the Phase III data, we are looking forward to sharing the pivotal results with you, which we expect at the end of Q1. With that, I hand over to Thomas to update you on the vaccine business. Thank you, Bill. Q4 sales of our vaccine generated significant sales of €2 billion, including a strong increase in flu sales in Europe, as well as growth reported by our PPH and travel franchises. The lower GBU sales of last year were mainly due to the US influenza market, where two factors combined. First, a low musician rate, e.g. the priority given to COVID-19 vaccination in November and December. And second, a record product achievement in the fourth quarter, leading to a 55-45% split for the Q3-Q4 period. The US performance was partially offset by the strong Q4 demand in other geographies, especially Europe, where EFLD was very successfully launched. The PPH franchise, recording a strong cross-quarter growth, is backed lower birth rates around the world, mostly driven by Pentaxim's performance in China. Finally, we are also pleased to see some recovery of the travel franchise, even though we are still far from the pre-pandemic level. Of note, on a full-year basis, despite the pandemic environment, all five vaccine franchises have demonstrated growth in 2021 compared to 2020, illustrating again the robustness of our vaccines business. Next slide, please. On the next slide, let's look at our record school performance in 2021, with a 6% growth over last year's record. On the left chart, you can see that the impact from the US market contraction was more than compensated by the strong performance of Europe and the rest of the world. Let me be very clear. The US sales reduction has nothing to do with our product's performance. COVID-19 boosters were given the priority by retailers and health providers, and as a result, the total number of US flu doses injected this season decreased by 17%. Despite that challenging environment, flu zone Idols continued to expand market share and gain 3.5 point share in the senior segment in the US. In Europe, the strong effort I launched with patients in Germany enabled us to reach a spectacular 64% growth following the positive SICO recommendation. I'm glad to report that for the first season, three out of four German senior citizens have benefited from flu zone's demonstrated protection beyond flu. The right graph shows the continuous progress of our flu franchise. All incremental sales in 2021 were driven by our differentiated flu vaccines, thanks to their proven ability to protect against cardiovascular events and against pneumococcal hospitalization. For the first time ever, our differentiated flu sales represented the majority of our annual sales, indicating that the importance of providing protection beyond flu resonates well with external stakeholders. I'm confident that our flu franchise will continue to grow in 2022 and that this year will see another record year. With that, I hand over to Olivier. Thank you, Thomas. Moving to general medicine on slide 19, we are encouraged by our performance in the fourth quarter. The execution of our strategy continues to deliver as planned and the focus on our

core assets has consistently generated positive results in recent quarters. In the fourth quarter, General Medicine sales reached 3.4 billion euros, which included sales from industrial affairs. Our core assets grew 2.1% and were up as much as 4% when excluding the effect of parian sales to Regeneron in the US, which ended at the end of 2020. We drove double-digit growth for both Splintac and Soliqua in the quarter, while tragic growth of 7.5% was accelerated by the strong performance in China, where the product is already included in the volume-based procurement program for the second year and generated growth of 28% in the period. We are very happy about the performance. Parian sales increased by 36% excluding US sales to Regeneron in the fourth quarter of 2020. Outstanding growth of the brand was particularly due to its performance in Europe, where it was recently relaunched in German. As I highlighted during the previous earnings calls, Lovenox sales were slightly down. This is mainly due to the high base of comparison in the fourth quarter of 2020, which followed the introduction of the WHO guidelines for the treatment of hospitalized COVID-19 patients, as well as some supply limitations. Our leading transplant franchise was strengthened by the consolidation of our new product addition, Reziroc. Starting on November 9th, Reziroc added 20 million euros of sales in the quarter. I will provide more detail on this exciting launch on my next slide. In China, Sanofi participated in the Vidi program for insulin in November. We are very proud of the results in the valued insulin category with Lantus and Puglia. Sanofi was the only multinational company among the winners in Category A, which is a part of Category that will receive most of the hospital volume allocations. Our Glargine franchise remained broadly stable in the quarter, supported by Puglia and despite the price and inventory adjustment in China in anticipation of the implementation of the insulin DDP, which is expected in the first half of 2022. Sales on non-core assets were lower in the quarter, in line with our expectations. The decline of 7.6% reflected the impact of other divesture, which are part of our ongoing strategic streamlining efforts. We are vigorously reducing the number of small product families with the objective to drive efficiency and increase profitability. Moving now to slide 20. For the full year 2021, general medicine sales reached 14.2 billion euros, which included sales from industrial affairs totaling 818 million euros. Importantly, our core assets were up 5.6%. This performance translates into growth of 7.6% when excluding the impact of Talion sales to Regeneron in the US. Across our brands, Lovenox, Talion, when excluding US sales, Soliqua, and our established brands in the transplant business, Dymoglobulin and Mozobil, delivered double-digit growth in 2021. The performance of our core assets in 2021 reinforced our confidence to deliver on our ambition to grow our core assets mid-single-digit CAGR over the period of 2020-2025. For 2022, we expect another year of strong performance of our core assets. Despite a high base of comparison in 2021 for Lovenox, we expect sales of Lovenox in 2022 to be close to the level of 2021. Our well-established transplant franchise is expected to continue this growth path, strengthened by the launch execution of Rejuvak. Soliqua is also set to continue its growth trajectory, supported by its differentiated clinical profile. Leveraging the compelling SOLID data, Soliqua is well poised for the competition with premixed insulin in its key markets. We are also very excited by the anticipated approval of Soliqua in China later this year. In China, the winning position of our Basil insulin products, Lantus and Toujeo, in Category A of BDP will enable us to deliver significantly higher volume but at lower price. With the pricing effect in mind, we expect our total Glargine sales to zero and Lantus to decrease by around 33% in 2022 in China. Looking ahead, we aim to establish Toujeo as the Basil insulin of choice in the large diabetic market in China and expect to make Toujeo an important growth driver for our business in China in 2022 and beyond. Our non-core asset performance in 2021 reflects the impacts from the progress we are making with our portfolio streamlining efforts. As discussed earlier, we continue to reduce the number of non-strategic failing product families. In summary, our 2021 achievements give us confidence in our ability to deliver on our commitment to stabilize sales by 2025 as compared to the 2020 base and to maintain general medicine DOR margin accretive for the group over the 2020-2025 period. Now moving to Cadmon on slide 221, let's discuss the value proposition of this important transaction for Sanofi and our transplant business. The acquisition was completed in November and represents a strong fit with our strategy. Cadmon's key asset was approved in the US last summer and is receiving positive market feedback as highlighted on the slide. Rezurok has already reached 96% penetration in 80 key centers and more than 500 patients have been treated to date. As we shared on our last earning calls, Rezurok is a first-in-class treatment for adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with chronic graft-versus-host disease who have failed at least two prior lines of systemic therapy. The prevalence is roughly 14,000 patients in the US with steroids being the current standard of care in front-line CGEHC treatment. We estimate that 5,000 to 7,000 patients in the US who are treated with steroids fail on their therapy and require additional treatment. In the slightly more than four months in the US launch, Rezurok generated sales of 44 million euros, of which 20 million were consolidated by Sanofi since the acquisition. Going forward, we plan on accelerating the geographic expansion. We will continue to leverage our transplant expertise to maximize Rezurok's growth potential, capitalizing on our longstanding relationship with the transplant community. In conclusion, we are excited about this innovative new product asset for Sanofi and confirm that the Cadmon acquisition will be slightly accretive in 2022. With that, I hand over the call to Julie. Thank you, Elodie. It's been a year since we presented our strategic priorities with the goal to grow our priority brands above market growth as early as 2022 in key geographies. I'm glad to report that today we're ahead of that commitment. Indeed, in 2020, we were losing share and we were trending about five points below market growth. The latest market data shows that we have closed this gap. In November, on a rolling 12 months, we were at par with market growth. This despite our absence in cough and cold and physical wellness categories in the US and mainly driven by our priority categories in key geographies gaining share. These results show that the execution of our three strategic priorities to drive our business is starting to pay off. On our first priority of cutting and embracing complexity, we've been able to increasingly focus on our key brands and geographies thanks to our simplification efforts. We have divested and trimmed 111 non-core brands, a reduction of 40% of our total number of brands, which represents less than a point and a half of our sales. We've also reduced our trademarks by 50%, our domain names by 30%, and are continuously working on simplifying our processes and ways of working. At the same time, we have embraced the complexity of our multi-local brands by reallocating investments to brands with the biggest growth potential and market share gains. On our second strategic priority, to become a true fast-moving consumer health service, the creation of our standalone is a key enabler and we're on track. 80% of our legal entities are now live and we integrated key functions like industrial affairs, all science-related functions, and supply chain under one roof. The success of this is twofold. First, a significant increase in agility in reaction to market and consumer needs. Cough and cold is a good example where we were able to quickly seize the opportunity of the market rebound in Q4, resulting in market share gain in October and November, excluding China. This is a first in four years. In addition, as mentioned earlier, this helps us to revisit our ways of working and adapt them to the specificities of a fast-moving consumer health service business, for example, in consumer engagement, digital marketing, or speed of innovation. The big focus has also been to strengthen our brand equities and campaigns beyond the pure science and quality of our products, which we already deliver. On our third priority, to build our digital and data edge, the creation of our standalone here again has given us the opportunity to revisit and build fundamentals with a strong focus on e-commerce, brand sites, THC-specific CRM and third-party management systems, and data-driven AMP and location tools. Regarding our RX to OTC switches, both programs continue to progress despite the pandemic. The team is actively working on the projects and we continue to execute critical studies in an accelerated fashion. For Cialis in the US, we have completed the self-selection studies and results have been submitted to FDA along with the protocol for an actual use trial. No erectile dysfunction RX to OTC switch project has gone this far. We are now awaiting for the FDA feedback in order to proceed. For Tanc

2, we're evaluating the status of the current flu season to determine if current studies can progress. In the meantime, we've accelerated all studies that can be done without the presence of disease to keep the pace. On both programs, we should be able to share more next quarter. Turning to page 23, when looking at net sales performance, we have delivered 5.6% growth in Q4. Our organic growth is even higher with 7% growth in Q4 when excluding the impact of divestments. These results are driven by three factors. First, the progress we've made on the execution of our strategic priorities as mentioned earlier. Secondly, we benefited from the market rebound in categories like self and cold. And lastly, we also benefited from COVID vaccinations specifically in pain care. We will continue to focus our efforts to further deliver on our three strategic priorities that have proven to be working with the ambition to build a true fast-moving consumer health care business and be a part of the market. Let me wrap up by saying how much I am enjoying working with the team, driving the CHC business back to growth. With that, I hand it over to our CFO, Robert. Thank you, Julie. Let me start by highlighting some proof points for Sanofi performance in 2021. First, we managed to increase full-year gross margin by 120 base to 71.6%. This improvement is linked to the growing share of contribution of our brands in specialty care and higher margin vaccine products. It is also the result of efficiency measures in manufacturing which typically require a longer lead time before they become accretive to margin and are now starting to come through. As I've said before, we are committed to continuing this trend of gross margin improvement. Second, we managed our OPEX in 2021 effectively and without disrupting the strong growth momentum. We successfully controlled the increase in OPEX and managed them to grow slower than sales, which was possible as a result of our rigorous prioritization. As before, we reinvested the vast majority of efficiencies generated during the year. Finally, let me comment on another proof point of our transformation, headcount. When I took on the CFO role in 2018, the company employed around 105,000 employees worldwide. With the ongoing transformation towards a more agile organization, we are now in a new phase with approximately 96,000 globally and we continue to change our way of working. We are embracing digital change, streamlining our portfolio and collaborating with partners in geographies to balance a reduced infrastructure while improving access to our medicines. On this path, we expect to end the year with a headcount close to 90,000, reflecting a more efficient organization. This would represent a 15% lower headcount as compared to 2018 and would include the successful IPO of your APIs on the existing plan. On slide 26, turning now to the full P&L for the fourth quarter, company sales increased 4.9% at TR, driven by excellent growth of Dupixent on other specialty care franchise as well as consumer health. Business operating income grew 6.9% at TR, benefiting from improvements at gross margin level, which were driven by the favorable portfolio shifts of specialty care products and efficiencies within industrial affairs. In the fourth quarter, we again saw an increase compared to last year with a margin improving 240 basis points. Business EPS grew 9.8% at TR, benefiting from a slightly lower tax rate of 20.5%. Turning to slide 27, we have achieved around €2.4 billion of cumulative savings, of which €2.1 billion were accrued through OPEX efficiencies as depicted by the bright purple boxes from on this slide. In addition, we realized an incremental €200 million in cost reductions over the last two years. Specifically, we achieved our target of €500 million savings in R&D due to prioritization of specialty care and the digitization of negative and cardiovascular. In addition, last year efficiencies were generated by consolidating functions across sites, including our trials logistics, reducing cycle times through advances in data and digital, coupled with more agile governance. GenMed has been successful in reducing the complexity of its business, focusing on key markets, employing a digitally enabled go-to-market model. G&A across all areas of Sanofi contributed €500 million of savings over the last two years, driven by smart spending initiatives, real estate efficiencies, a preferred supplier model on digitalization. In summary, we remain on track to achieve our target of €2.5 billion savings by end of 2022. Most of these year savings are again earmarked to be reallocated to fund our growth drivers and key programs in R&D. Moving to slide 28, let me briefly comment on our strongly increased free cash flow. In fact, we doubled free cash flow since 2018 through a focus on improved business performance and change in working capital. Given the strong improvement in free cash flow in recent years, we were able to achieve our 2019 Capital Market Day objective of a free cash flow increase of around 50% one year ahead of schedule. On slide 29, we maintain our objective to continue Sanofi's annual dividend policy, which is reflected in the fact that the company has consistently increased its dividend payments for the past 27 years. As a result of Sanofi's performance in 2021, we announced at the board as proposed a dividend of €3.33. A growing dividend remains an important element of our capital allocation, but it ranks behind our organic investments and business developments in our priorities. On slide 30, we provide an outlook highlighting expected business dynamics across sales and expenses. Focusing on the left part of the slide, you can see expected drivers of sales across our GBUs, including the continuation of strong growth from B2C, recall flu season, and maintained business momentum for the core products of consumer health in general. As communicated before, we expect consumer health priority brands to grow above market in key geographies, resulting in growth for the entire business, particularly progressively new in market rates. At the same time, we also foresee overall GBU sales in GenMed to stabilize. The UAPI third-party sales are currently consolidated in this business. Upon the planned UAPI IPO, GenMed sales will be reduced by that amount going forward. On the right part of the slide, we expect gross margin to continue to improve due to product mix and efficiency. R&D expenses are expected to continue to grow in line with our strategy. As we keep streamlining our GenMed on CHC business, we expect to generate around 500 million in capital gains throughout 2022. We estimate that our 2022 ETR effective tax rate to be around 19%, given the evolution of our products and geographic mix. This estimate is based, of course, on current tax legislation. On my final slide, slide 31, we expect full-year 2022 business EPS to grow in the low double digits at TR. On our way to achieve our 2022 financial targets, we also guide for a BUI margin of 30% for the year. On foreign exchange, we see a positive currency impact of 2% to 3% based on January average exchange rate. With 9.3 EPS growth in 2020 and 15.5 EPS growth at TR in 2021, we are on track for a surge of double digit or near double digit EPS growth. I have now the call back to Paul. Well, thanks, Shebi. We expect 2022 to be another busy year with important development milestones for our priority molecules and other pipeline programs. We're looking forward to the results of four pivotal studies, including amcenestrant in second and third line metastatic breast cancer, as well as the phase three results of tefinazoftricar alpha in hemophilia. The readout of Dupixent in chronic cold induced urticaria may add another dermatological indication addressing a population of 25,000 patients in the US alone. We also anticipate making further important pivotal trial decisions, especially in oncology and vaccines. Moving to slide 34 and to ESG, you may remember that our social impact strategy was approved by the Sanofi board a little more than a year ago. Our renewed concept with society is fully aligned and embedded with our business strategy and ambitions. We make good progress across all our four pillars. Today, I would like to highlight some achievements in the area of affordable access. The mission of the Sanofi Global Health Unit we created last year is to increase access to essential medicines in some of the world's poorest countries. In the area of malaria, TB and non-communicable diseases, we have increased both the number of patients reached and the number of countries. In addition, Sanofi is committed to helping 1,000 patients living with rare diseases who have no access to treatment. We donated again more than 100,000 vials in 2021. This builds on a 30-year humanitarian commitment to patients suffering from rare diseases such as Fabry, Gaucher and Pompeii diseases. Moving to slide 35, as we look into the 2022 calendar, we will update you every quarter on our new initiatives happening across the four pillars of our ESG strategy. This quarter, we want to put the focus on access. We are proud to announce a partnership with Medtronic Labs and the launch of a multi-country, multi-year collaboration in the field of non-communicable diseases. Together, we will leverage digital health and a community-based approach to improve disease awareness, diagnosis and management of diabetes and hypertension in strong collaboration with health system partners. The public health burden of NCDs is staggering, with 35 million deaths globally, of which 28 million occur in low- to middle-income countries every year. This project will contribute to strengthening health systems as they build towards universal health coverage and sustainable development goals. On my final slide,

and have surely. You also found an update on our immunology pipeline, including Dupixent in late March. As part of this update, we will revise upward our peak sales potential for this medicine. We are currently finalizing our plans for an event focused on ESG that we hope to take place in the June-July time frame. Well, let's open the call now. Richard? Thank you. We will now open the call to your questions. We would like to ask for the limit of questions to each so we can call up a number of the participants. You have two options to participate. Click the raised hand icon at the bottom of your screen. You will be notified when your line is open to ask your questions. At that time, please make sure you unmute your microphone. Or option two, submit your question by clicking the Q&A icon at the bottom of your screen and your question will be read out. Can we now have the first question? Yes. The first question comes from Bimark Pardia from Bernstein. Bimark? Oh, great. Thank you very much for taking my questions. This is Bimark from Bernstein. So first, can I just ask on the US flu business, you know, decline year on year. Thomas, you flagged a 17% market contraction in volumes. So could you just provide a bit more color on your expectations for the volume value mix for the US in 22? And what was the level of coverage in 21? Was that actually below historical pre-COVID levels? And so should we be getting a nice balance in coverage in 2022, specifically for the US? And then my second question is on the OX40. We had some data last year for the OX40 program, which is now a priority asset. I'm just curious how you're thinking about targeting the OX40 versus the OX40 ligand. And then I'd love to hear how you think about the duration of effect. I was just looking at Amgen's graph. It looked rather compelling on that front. Have you seen anything from your own assets suggesting a similar efficacy profile with time? Thank you. Thank you, Bimark. Great questions. Thomas, flu coverage, read across for 22? Thank you very much, Bimark. Indeed, you understood very well that the US flu situation in 2021 was a very specific US situation with minus 17 on the overall volume for the US. But that means that it was lower than 2019. Very specific to the US again, as you've seen from the other markets, and completely linked to the COVID-19 specifications. You know very well that there was a lot of confusion with different indications being licensed at the same time and a lot of discussions on the boosters. So definitely, we don't see that as a play moving forward for 2022. Because of course, if you end up being in 2021 with a US vaccine coverage below 2019, that gives room for growth. So we are very confident about 2022. We expect to see both volume and value increase in the US. That's this year. To give you an example, and I think it's a good illustration of what could happen in the US for flu in 2022. I think everybody has understood that there needed to be some fixes on the US flu coverage. And CMS has very interestingly decided to increase the flu vaccine administration fee from $17 to $30 for the season NH 2021 in the US. So I think there's going to be a strong CDC understanding as well as strong retailer preparation to make sure that 2022 is very different from 2021. And that's why we're expecting a record flu season overall for Sanofi Pasteur. And indeed, an increase of flu in the US in 2022 versus 2021. Thank you. Thank you, Thomas. Great to hear from Sanofi vaccines. John Reed, Oxford Ligand. I think the question from Jamal is about duration and efficacy and maybe you have some thoughts on tolerability as well. Yeah, I think it was about Oxford to the receptor versus Oxford to the ligand. And we prefer the ligand because it is induced on antigen presenting cells. So its quantity in the body is less, whereas Oxford is more heavily expressed on a constitutive basis and can, you know, mean that you're going to have to dose higher to neutralize it. But more importantly, I think, than that is the fundamental difference in the mechanisms of our molecule and the telemed coming from the kind of acquisition versus the Kirin antibody that Amgen has accessed. The Kirin slash Amgen antibody is a depleting molecule that actually kills the cells that express Oxford, whereas we have a non-depleting antibody that modulates Oxford's pathway. The downside of depleting is that both effector T cells, which are, you know, contributing to the autoimmunity, but also regulatory T cells that we need for suppressing autoimmunity, express Oxford. So over time, you'd have the risk of depleting those necessary regulatory T cells with a depleting mechanism. So we feel that in terms of long-term safety and durability of the effects that a non-depleting antibody targeting the ligand is really a superior way to go. Thank you, Jonathan and Rimo. Next question. The next question will come from Richard Bossa at J.P. Morgan. Richard. Thanks very much for taking my question. Two questions, please. First one is on flu as well. Could you talk about your manufacturing capacity and supply and how that will develop and the demand that you might see for high dose beyond Germany in Europe? And then second question, there's clearly been quite a lot of interest for consumer assets early on this year. Does that lead you to change or accelerate any of your plans for the consumer business going forward? Thanks very much. Thanks, Richard. First of all, I'll compliment Tom and the team on what they've done with the high dose launch, and particularly this year and remotely and incredibly in Germany. So the question is supply and beyond? Thanks, Richard. Definitely no concern at all on US or non-US flu supply. We are very confident. You know very well that last year we added a new flu building in Switzerland. You know also that we are further investing into additional flu zonido and TGN for the mid to long term with the Canada plant. So really moving forward on that and feeling very confident on supply for this year. Of course, as every single year, we are always receiving the northern hemisphere season as in February, and at the end of the Q2 call, usually we take that moment at the Q2 call to make a little bit of an update on supply and phasing for flu 3 to 4. When it comes to demand, as you highlighted, the Sanofi vaccines team has done very strongly this year in Germany. We expect this to further grow. There is room to grow in Germany. When it comes to other markets in Europe, we are going to introduce in 22 in a couple of new markets in Europe. But you know very well when it comes to vaccines and flu introduction, it's about having preferential recommendation. It's about having reimbursement. So we start new countries in Europe little by little until we have the right reimbursement in place and then we will provide the supply. Thank you. Thank you so much. The consumer question, you know, I think I got where you're heading. Richard, I think the thing for us, if we go back to what we said, Capital Markets Day December 2019, we thought we could grow faster and we were growing. We thought we could carve in, increase agility, accelerate growth, make better choices, prioritize, leverage e-commerce and run fast all the way to the switches. And I think Julian and the team have done an incredible job, frankly, on doing that. And we're really delighted with the progress we made. We know a lot happens outside with other companies and different things, but we know the choices that we made back in 19 and we're very happy with how things are performing. Okay. Next question. The next question will be from Luisa Hector at Berenberg. Luisa? Thank you for taking my question. Possibly for JP, but you mentioned the headcount reduction. I just wondered if you can give us an update on the Euro API spin, timing, engagement items. Then also on gross margins, so clearly very good progress and working very hard on this and it's paying off. Can you guide us to whether to think about a continued improvement through 2023 when a badger of generics arrives? Thank you. Okay, thank you, Luisa. So JP, you're always step on, so maybe there's your API question. It was partly related to headcount. You may want to go a tiny bit broader and then, of course, gross margin. Yeah, so effectively, we've done it to transform. We have a new business model operating in some countries commercially, but we have also this API activity, which today we are a leader in its field. And so the API is announced for H1 2022. We are on course to do this. So yeah, at plan, Luisa, we're looking forward to making it happen in H1. On the gross margin, yeah, effectively, we've delivered on 21. We are guiding again on the improvement. On the midterm, I will make a gross margin guidance mid-year, but that's something which is a strong element you have to keep in mind, is that on our main asset, Dupixent, we are going to have quite a transformative journey in terms of costs, which should really help us at least to neutralize any price erosion we could have because we are looking at implementing new manufacturing processes that will deliver strongly in terms of cost improvement. So that's a key piece. Thank you, man. And Louise, you didn't ask, but me, but I'm glad you asked the questions because, you

Well, we've come to the pipeline, 36 key programs in early development, the six acquisitions. I think what does get missed out of our discussion a little bit occasionally is the fundamental work that's going into reshaping the company. Right-sizing the company, of course, but more importantly, you know, we're having an IPO in the first half of this year, at the same time we're carving in a consumer business. And on all these things we're outperforming whilst doing them, whilst delivering on the science and the overall financial performance and the commitments we made to the street for 22. So, you know, we really feel like, you know, the level and scale of transformation that's happening is perhaps not fully understood and it's okay, but it's extensive. So maybe next question? Yes, next question will come from Simon. Simon, I've heard Xain. Simon? Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I'm loving the new branding, by the way. The first question is, I think, JB, you've given guidance for 90% tax rate for 2022. If you look at consensus and out here, it's something like 35% higher. Just wondering if you can potentially comment on the sustainability of this tax rate or how we should maybe revisit our expectations. And then the second one is just on the Pearson. Thank you for the updated timeframes with respect to guidance. I mean, I think it's clear you've blown everything out of the water in terms of safety and efficacy in atopic dermatitis. I'd appreciate it if you could comment on any impact that you're seeing or that you expect to see with the recent launches of Dupixent in atopic dermatitis feedback we've had from physicians. Thank you. Okay, well, thank you for the kind words on the branding. You know, for those that haven't followed it closely, you know, it is the original font of birth in 1973. And it's also an opportunity for us to be a little bit more disruptive and unified a company as well at the same time. So I'm glad that it's recognized. I think it's more dynamic, frankly, and reflective of the comment I made earlier, how much of the transformation is happening here. And from that high energy question to tax, John Baptiste, so over to you. Thank you very much. Yeah, it's a nice trend on our effective tax rate, 200 bits. But effectively, as I said in my previous speech, it's really something which is independent of further changes in the tax legislation. We have structural good trends. And I said that the underlying tax rate is like a bit in 19 or 20. But as we speak, I don't know what will be the full impact of PILATU or changes of taxation in some other regions like the US. So, yeah, a good trend with a big chunk of it linked to our business on tax rates in France also, which is going out positively. But that could be deferred in the midterm by other changes in other regions. Thank you, JB. Thanks also, Simon, for the compliments on Dupixent, which is, you know, frankly, incredible performance and led by Bill and the team. So, Bill, comments about new entrants and early signals? Yeah, well, thank you for the question. You know, none of the new entrants are a surprise, for one thing. We've been planning on these. We've been waiting, in some cases, extended waits for the JAXA. They were almost a year delayed. And while it's new competition in the US, you know, we've had these competitors that have already launched in Germany and on their way in Japan as well. So we're certainly used to them. And I think the one thing that they do is they really reinforce our best-in-disease clinical profile that we have. You know, just go back to the biology. Targeting IL-4 and IL-13, that is fundamental to type 2 inflammation. And no other product has been able to show the profile that we have in any of the type 2 diseases and, you know, clearly starting with atopic dermatitis where we are the leader now. Asthma as well. You know, the profile, again, we think is the top, the best profile that is in asthma. And we're, you know, seeing really very promising signs all around the world of our ability to compete and win in the asthma space. Just one comment, you know, as we have competition come into the atopic dermatitis market, it actually helps to serve to grow the market, grow awareness of atopic dermatitis, et cetera. And, you know, as we've had competitors launch in other countries, like in Germany and Japan, we have seen market expansion. So that's what we expect. That's part of our aspiration to have a, you know, 25% to 30% advanced therapy penetration in atopic dermatitis over time. That's one of the contributors. But, you know, the one thing that's clear is that we are on top, we remain on top, and we believe being best in disease we will stay on top. So, sorry, can I apologize for interrupting? Yeah, I think I said to Jeffify, I've got all my random answers to the pulmonology in the US. Is there any early feedback you could share? No, there's really nothing that we're seeing. It's still very early. You know, we're staying with the trends that we've seen. Yeah, it's just to add a point to Bill, you know, I think the assumption is always that there's some game. You know, stay with the JAXA, for example, the baggage, and you know with the 13s it's half the answer, missing the 4. So, you know, and you know that most of these mechanisms have failed in at least one of the indications that Dupix is already approved. And TELI would probably be in that bus too. I think it failed in AD, if I remember correctly. So, on one hand, we're the only medicine that will play in every indication. On the other hand, as Bill said, and I think it's missed every time, a little bit of competition to help drive up penetration of advanced therapies is absolutely essential. And Bill's comments about Germany should not be underestimated because, you know, we obviously will carry the education of these disease areas. But it's good that others want to come in and try and do that too. And in growing markets, we're the market leader. It's a very healthy place for us to be under half a patient. Okay, next question, please. Next question will be from Brian Parry at Bank of America. Brian? Great, thanks for taking my question. So, congratulations on getting an hour into the call without an Amira 3 question. I'm afraid I'm going to break that. So, just wondering, have you approved all events now and in data lock? And so, we should look for Q1 readout on that study. And the LSS-SCRIPT results, I think, have led to some concern in the market that oral SERS only show benefit in BFR1 mutated patients who are obviously more rare in the frontline setting. And I think that's leading to some pessimism around the potential in frontline. So, perhaps if you could just address that point. And then, secondly, a question on M&A. You've done a lot of smaller pipeline deals of late. Obviously, biotech valuations have fallen somewhat at the moment. So, with the weakness that you're seeing in biotech prices, are you seeing more value and opportunity perhaps to build out further in oncology? I think you've highlighted it's still a key target. Thank you. Thank you, Graham. I didn't hear the first part of your question. So, oh, right, it's an Amira 3 question. Thank you for raising it. So, I'm going to toss it to John. John, have you heard it? It was, you know, the competition should more efficacy, I think, in ESR mutation. And so, what's the reason for us? And where are we on database locked and reporting in Q1? Right, right. Okay, Graham, thank you. In terms of the activity of R-SERD on wild type versus mutant estrogen receptor, we're fully active on both, whereas the competitor molecule is better on the mutants than on the wild type. So, that's not at all a liability for us. And so, it is one of the differentiators of our molecule and one of the many factors that we think gives it a best-in-class profile along with the pristine tolerability. You know, we expect to have the data this quarter with respect to MIR3 and the late-line metastatic breast cancer. I'm also pleased to report we're fully enrolled now in the frontline study in combination with the CDK4-6 inhibitor and that the first of our adjuvant studies is now open for enrollment. So, we're making good progress across the spectrum from early to late line in each of these indications where we think Anacetron has a strong value proposition for women with hormone receptor-positive breast cancers. Thank you, John. So, categorically, Graham, results in Q1. Okay, JB, M&A? Yeah, well, first of all, I do think that our M&A activity is not related to the big and fast valuation of biotechs. It's much more dependent on the leadership of our R&D team and on John's scouting for the right asset, which is really fitting with our strategy, really fitting with our TAs. So, no specific impact from the current valuation. It will be a calm down, but we are still on for both acquisitions, of course. Great, thank you. Next question, please. Next question will be from Tim Anderson at Wolfe. Tim, your question, please. Thank you. A couple of questions. So, going back to that world, we'll be getting two readouts this year from two similarly designed trials laterally. Breast, your trial and then Roche's trial. Both companies

Will that not become clearer until we get additional trial readouts such as in the first line setting? And then second, we'd love to get your thoughts on Lilly's lembertizumab. They're saying they think that will have a profile that's very competitive to dupixent. They talk about differentiation in ocular side effects. And I'm wondering what your thoughts are on them as a competitor. They do know the dermis base law because of Paul. Thank you. Okay. I see that you've been in that chair on Givenco's data and our impending data. Do you think we'll be able to declare a winning profile this year? No, it's a good question. I'm not sure that these late-line settings are the best place to really differentiate on efficacy. Where we do feel confident is we'll be able to perhaps differentiate is on the safety tolerability profile where so far, you know, amcitrin has really been delivering a best-in-class profile whereas molecules from others, including Roche, have been showing safety signals around cardiac issues and in some cases vision issues. So, you know, I think that's probably the best answer I can give you for now. I would probably be looking to, you know, how the tolerability profiles hold up in these early lines as opposed to hinging a lot on the efficacy profile given, you know, a lot of the heterogeneity in these patient populations you see in the late line and therefore the difficulty to really do cross-trial comparisons in an apples-to-apples way. Thanks, John. I reiterate to everybody, we haven't seen the data. We are optimistic that we're in a good spot and we look forward to getting it. You all know, I think, it's a small indication if we are successful. So in terms of value perspective, it's not as important, although there may have been benefits to those that need it, let's be frank. But from a confidence perspective, you know, it's important to everybody. So when we have the data, you'll be soon asked to us in terms of knowing. Alistair, I do think, whereas in most areas I've worked in, tolerability inevitably plays a part, particularly in this as we move earlier lines, and Jonathan touched on it, tolerability will be a key differentiator. And if I'm understanding correctly, the competitor, if you will, from the lower desk continues to have tolerability challenges. So, you know, that, we think those things are going to be very, very important over the longer term. Bill, IL-13, Lillia saying that they have a winning profile. Yeah, well, thanks for the question. You know, as Paul said, I think earlier on with the IL-13, it's incomplete. It's missing the IL-4. So we think starting with the biology, it's not the complete biology. So when you take a look at their results, let's remember these are phase 2B results. They're still waiting on their later results. You know, there's nothing that really stands out from our perspective. Efficacy looks fine. The conjunctivitis looks similar to Dupixent. You know, I think some of the big differences are is that we're six years ahead at that point. By the time they launch, we are, you know, a mega blockbuster. We become the standard of care. So I think for somebody to come in with something that isn't so much to offer, you know, I think that that is, regardless of your experience in a therapeutic area, it's not therapeutic experience in atopic dermatitis. So, you know, as we said, it's part of the story. IL-13 is certainly not the full. We've got the best profile. Yeah, thanks, Bill. Shall we sort of follow on? Thank you. Okay, thanks. Yeah, it's great that they have experience with TALTS. I have a lot of experience with Cosentix, and nobody's got the experience that we have in AD. And I'm telling you, what the team has done with Dupixent is incredible. We never underestimate competition, particularly well-organized ones. But to start with the biology, like Bill said, and if you're not half the answer, you have a long road to hoe. I'm sure they'll make some progress. But let's go all the way back to the fundamental, which is additional weight in the market to help educate and improve penetration is welcome. And if we have the best profile, which we believe we do, then we will disproportionately benefit from that. So, you know, we look forward to the meeting in March, where we'll update you more deeply about our forecast and indeed our immunology pipeline in general. Next question, I think? Yes, next question comes from Mark Purcell at the Morgan Stanley. Mark, if you have a question. Thank you. Thanks, everyone. Two questions. First, on Dupixent, could you give us an update in terms of where you are in terms of advanced therapy penetration rates in AD versus the 25% to 30% you just gave, and also some idea of an indication split? But ahead of the 29th of March, just to sort of get us in the mood, perhaps, Paul, you could help us understand sort of where you believe in the future a US-XUS split could be. Obviously, XUS growing 80% from a lower base than the US, but where eventually do you feel XUS-US split could be? And then the second one on Thor 1070, Thor 245, the IL-2, phase 3 go-no-go decisions coming up in the second half of this year. I wonder if you could help us understand which indications and lines of therapy those decisions will be made on, if it's monotherapy or combination therapy, and what sort of gating decisions when making a hurdle into phase 3. Okay, thanks, Mark. Bill, I think the question is where are we now, and what is the penetration, how has it evolved towards that 20% to 30% you're talking about? Yeah, so thanks for the question. We've got still a long way to go. Just to give you a sense, in US adult AD, it's 7.9%. And when I say the finish line's looking at 25%, 30%, which is a little bit in the range of psoriasis, maybe a little bit higher. We've got a long way to go. So just reinforcing what Paul and we've said along the way, new competitors in the marketplace help to accelerate that. Regarding US-XUS, we have seen kind of similar patterns in every market that we've launched in the world following the US from a growth perspective. We've continued to see that. We expect that. We're not going to comment on what we think the ultimate geographic distribution will be or indication split. Yeah. So I think as well, as your pose takes some time to get through the reimbursement cycles. And so it always starts slower, then it always gets more interesting, and then everybody always starts to ask questions about it. And we're like, well, we don't need to share the relative proportions. But the fact that the rest of the world will just get stronger and stronger in terms of its contribution because the medicine is so good. And I think Bill mentioned China earlier. That is quite a 30,000 patients in just months. I think starts to help you understand where we might be heading. John, SART245, or formerly known as Thor 707, likely indication split and thoughts on, I think it was combos. Yeah, thanks for the question. Maybe before I jump in to SART245, though, since you brought up the immunology event coming in March, we're really looking forward to not only talking about Dupixent, but also the broader portfolio. You know, we've grown from just six molecules in development for immunology to now 17. And so you'll be hearing about our biologics that include amutalumab, the OX40 ligand, etepacumab, the IL-33 antibody in development for COPD, our engineered interleukin-2s. On the other flip side of the story, 409 that stimulates regulatory T cells instead of effector T cells, our bispecific, multispecific nanobodies that do nifty things like neutralizing both TNF and IL-23 in a single molecule, a new concept for inflammatory bowel disease, CD40 ligand, et cetera, as well as our oral small molecule portfolio of rilzabrutinib, a unique BCK inhibitor, our ripkinase inhibitor, our oral TNF inhibitor, and the IRAC4 degrader. So that portfolio of immunology has really blossomed, and we look forward to talking more about that in March. Now the SART245, we have a large platform study underway in lung, head and neck, GI, skin, and lymphoma. And like most companies, we sort of started with the obvious to do combinations with PD-1, and we're pursuing that. But this year we will be embarking on novel combos with other kinds of mechanisms. I would note, for example, that we have three T cell engagers now in development. We have our first NK cell engager went into development. We have our universal alginate NK cell platform. So there's a lot to think about as combination opportunities with SART245 across a range of solid tumors and hematologic malignancies. This will be a rich year for generating those early data signals. We're eagerly anticipating what we might be able to do with this best-in-class engineered version of interleukin-2. Thanks, John. I do think that we've talked about it actually quite recently, but the number of signals that we're going to get across the pipeline, but particularly in oncology, is going to be quite interesting this year. While we know they're only early for some of you, but we would like to be an emerging player in oncology. They'll be nice moments for us to make some decisions about the trail to go, and we're optimistic. Next question, please.

What sort of feedback have you been having to be showing at seven days and what kind of share implications do you think that can have relative to what a Loctaz at present, indeed if you could give us some color on why you think a Loctaz is present, that would be helpful as well. And the third question on the shift to KRAS given the decision to progress a combination into phase 2 with Amgen. Just wondering if you've seen any data to provide confidence on synergy for that combination given the pretty clear lack of shift to monotherapy activity and the timing of that potentially either phase 1 or phase 2 being presented to us at the scientific conference would be helpful. Thank you. Thank you, Emmanuel. Let's come to the moment, but Bill, do you have any comment on that? I think we have two as well on FNESOC to come. I don't think we've declared what our expectation is, but certainly our profile is going to be best in class. And Bill, do you want to comment? Yeah, I think that's right. I think if you take a look at what was shown in the phase 2, which showed that over half the week, four days where you're at essentially a near normal level, and by the end of the week it tapers off to in the 10%, I believe. Yeah, but still quite a strong protection even at the end of the week. Yeah, I mean, you just look on the slide that I showed, no one's even close to that. And no one's even close to that with a once weekly. So this we consider really transformative in the hemophilia A space. You know, when you think about patients, kids who want to have an active lifestyle, and if you can give them something they've never seen before, then maybe for just a brief moment, normal, and you do that for the better part of the week, you know, you begin to think about giving them a little bit more of their life back and being active and so forth. So, you know, we're really excited. That's what we expect to see that in our phase 3. We hope, you know, that's set a pretty high bar. Set a high bar for us, set a high bar for the market, I think, overall. So, you know, stay tuned. More to come on that one. But, you know, this is really something which is different. No one's been able to offer this before. So I think, you know, we're hearing patient communities really excited. Yeah, and now it's a great opportunity. And I think the real question is, could it go even longer, depending on which the patient's longer term? I mean, it gets very exciting. I think the gene therapy, at least this generation, doesn't seem to be, you know, definitive. And, of course, Hemlibra comes more towards the weekly or biweekly itself. You know, then the opportunity has perhaps been bigger than we thought when we started on this journey, I'll be honest. And, of course, half the market's turned back around. So quite interesting for us. John, maybe strip to KRAS. Yeah, so, you know, the reason that we're pursuing a combination is because in preclinical studies where we and others tried different combinations of SHIP2 with various other signal transduction blocking molecules, that was always consistently the place where we saw the best combination from efficacy. So the most synergy. And, again, this is not just an OP data, but it's Meraki data, it's Amgen data, et cetera. So we think that if there's a combination where SHIP2 can shine, this is it. And we're doing the studies this year. It's another one of these where the signals will be the important determinant of what kind of trajectory we can take with that mechanism. So that's the rationale. And the data will ultimately speak for themselves, and we'll be gathering it this year. Thanks, John. And maybe, Emmanuel, just thank you for the research you did on Rezorac. I found it really interesting how physicians were really thinking confident already and thinking about moving to earlier lines. I mean, of course, it's just a survey, but it was very insightful, and we enjoyed reading that. So thank you for that work. You're welcome, certainly. Congratulations on a strong launch. Thanks, Emmanuel. That means a lot. Okay, Ella. It is last question, right? Yes, last question would be from Matthew Weston at Credit Suisse. Matthew? It's Joe here, I'm sorry. I have two questions. On Dupil, I wonder, you've given us the 8% penetration in the U.S. adult market in A.D., perhaps half of the sales potential comes from other indications. So I wonder if you could just tell us how successful you've been in penetrating things like asthma so that we can see how broad the appeal of this is beyond atopic dermatitis. And I notice that you're going to update your sales projections, but that's before you have the COPD data. I thought you were waiting for that before you gave us an update. My second question would be on IFA. So I would have assumed that if somebody was interested in efficacy but not so concerned on safety, then they already have moved from a factor to a non-factor. So safety is likely to be a very important part in making the decisions for these patients to move on to your new product. How much safety data will you have at the time of submission and of launch, and what makes you so confident that people won't say that the different pharmacodynamics of this factor could impact on the safety characteristics of the product? Okay, I'll start on that. So you're asking sometimes you can't connect, and then you'll hear us, Matthew Weston. But either which way, now that we've got to the questions, do we in other indications penetration, Bill? Yeah, so if you look, Joe, in asthma, we're at about 19% biologics penetration. Okay, so that's the starting point. And then as you've heard from a first faculty perspective, we're leading in each of the specialists with Dupixen. And the other indications, look, it depends, again, on the biopenetration. They're pretty low. We're starting with a brand new indication, so to speak, with nasal pulse. We're the only player there. Still working on the FE a little, but it appears as though we're having good, strong penetration there. Won't give a number at this time. Regarding the second question was... Well, there's one about why are we waiting for the COPD data. I'm happy to answer, but then we'll move to safety and efficacy tradeoff on FNESOP-TOCOT. Maybe get to it with John. So, Joe, but John, when? If we wait, you say, why are you waiting? And if we don't wait, you say, why have we not waited? So we're sort of the trips in between. I think because the COPD data is in 23, I think we all felt that a good time to take stock would be towards the end of Q1 and using a deeper immunology catch-up that we think that's worth doing. And, of course, we won't be able to declare a new peak without referencing that it's likely it'll be different with COPD if the data reads out. How we frame that when we're very early in the thinking, so stay loose on that until we get there. But I just don't think given the run rate and the prescriptions that we could ask people to wait a full year or more, actually, to understand what the peak could be. John, I think we've got it all on the safety efficacy tradeoff on what data we'll have. Yeah, I'm a little surprised by the question because the safety of this next-generation factor 8 is pristine. There have been no safety signals. We don't have any reason to believe there would be any. You could almost say, you know, to some extent, that way was paved with products like ELOCTATE, which fuses an FC region onto factor 8. And here there are some additional embellishments with the so-called extend technology. But that had also been derisked with other molecules that had been taken to clinic, including an approved product. So the components of the molecule have all been derisked, and we've not seen any safety liabilities. On the other hand, if you think about alternatives, they do have some safety, historical safety baggage. So I really think on a safety standpoint, again, we come out best in class. Yeah, and John, just to add to that, I think clearly from an efficacy perspective, we win too. I mean, no one's, if you look at the comparison where emesizumab is, if you try to estimate where it is, it's nowhere near normal. It's nowhere near normal factor levels. So, you know, we're really confident that we win on the safety for, you know, just redefine the safety bar. And then if, you know, you're looking at a weekly dose, that's pretty convenient as well. So, you know, I think across both parameters we're in really good shape. Yeah, thank you. You know, when I joined the company, a lot of people asked questions like, did the company not understand how Libra was coming when we got into Fetusa around in 001? And half the people responsible for how Libra worked for us now, John Ray, thanks. But one thing we did learn was that these patients are dynamic and they will move fast if they see a better choice to be made, particularly if you're not a true monthly, you're actually a every one to two weeks in the case of the non-factor. Bill said, you know, setting a new standard, I think the competition needs to be slightly more concerned that the patients are much more likely to change. It's what got them their position in the first place, and it's what we'll do when we launch with EFA, which is not that far away

So thank you for those questions. Thank you to everybody for the energy and the contribution. Delighted, by the way, as always, starting to transition more towards science and the transformation of the company, a little less just on the basic financials, which every day we're responsible for. I don't even think that we're not, but we think in terms of value creation and in the right to bring our pipeline forward and surprise you is very, very important. Nothing's off the table. We're shooting the company in real time. You may not see it and put it, you're not part of it. But I think as we look back, I like to particularly at this whole year, you know, we get to look at the distance traveled just in 12 months. I think it feels like we've come an awful long way. And while we've got some news flow up ahead of us and we hope it's all positive, you know, we will keep moving forward, finding signals and advancing 36 programs that were not moving last year, sorry, at the beginning of last year, that moved last year and 10 first in human for the first time in the company's history. The penny should be dropping that our ability to pivot on science is really in full flight. So thank you to everybody on the team. Thank you, Cyron. Thanks to everybody on the floor. Thank you very much. You may now disconnect.

