 Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us to review Sanofi's 2021 fourth quarter and full year results, followed by a Q&A session. As usual, you can find the slides for this earnings call on the investors page of our website at sanofi.com. Moving to slide three, I would like to remind you that information presented in this call contain forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially. I refer you to our Form 20F document on file with the FTC and also our document d'enregistrement universel for a description of these three expenses. With that, please advance to slide four. Our speakers on the call today are Paul Hudson, Chief Executive Officer, the Global Business Unit Hedge Phil Sibyl, Thomas Triomphe, Olivier Charmey, and Julie Van Angebal, and Jean-Baptiste de Chatillon, Chief Financial Officer. For the Q&A, you have two options to participate. Option one, click the raise hand icon at the bottom of your screen. Or option two, submit your question by clicking the Q&A icon at the bottom of the screen. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Paul. Well, thank you, Eva, and thanks to everyone for joining our call today. Delighted to be here and together with the members of the executive team to take you through the updates on our business and financial performance. You may have noticed that the visual change to our materials is more clear, it's more modern. I want to emphasize that as part of the transformation, simply nothing is off the table, including how parts of the business are named or indeed presented. Going forward, we'll be known as Timothy across our businesses, and we continue to work to raise the standards of disease treatment and prevention. Let's start with a full review. We delivered a 7.1% sales growth this year compared to a 3.3% last year. DuPixen grew across all geographies, and vaccines delivered another year of record influenza business with more than 2.6 billion euro in sales. The contribution of our other GBUs has also been critical. The core assets we prioritized in our general medicine business grew 5.6%, now amounting to 5.8 billion euros together. And our consumer health business is catching up fast to close the gap with market growth. Bottom line, we delivered an EPS of 6.56, growing at 15.5%, and continuing the strong trend we set since 2019. We have again improved our profitability with a VOI that now stands at 28.6% at CER. This is proven by both improved gross profitability, given the growing specialty care and gen-led core asset portfolios, as well as our discipline in spending. At the same time, the way we've set our financial targets allows us to keep adding to our early-stage pipeline. I'll talk a little more about that in a few minutes. Moving to slide 7, let me turn to our main transformation activities this year. We announced six bolts-on acquisitions to strengthen our growth areas in immunology, ecology, and vaccines. They're a perfect fit with our strategic priorities, as outlined at our Capital Markets Day in December 2019. We stay on the lookout for exciting business development opportunities, for example, our collaboration with Beyond, which adds a new generation checkpoint inhibitor to our chemical pipeline. We also intend to unlock the potential of digital, data, and artificial intelligence in drug discovery and development. This is the rationale behind our partnerships with Oaken and Accenture to help us further accelerate our efforts in immunology and oncology. As we focus our efforts on building a sustainable pipeline, we're also taking action to reduce our complexity, again, fully in line with our 2019 commitments. We have continued to divest brands from our established portfolio and moved more than 50 countries to a distributor model. The standalone model for consumer health is about 80% complete, and we started an ambitious program to reduce the number of consumer healthcare brands. The next major milestone for us this year will be the planned IPO of EuroAPI, which could create the second-digest API player in the world. Now let's move to what is at the core of our play-to-win strategy, developing breakthrough medicines and vaccines to improve people's lives. Let me give you a few highlights of what has been achieved over the past 12 months to advance our priority assets and beat industry benchmarks in R&D productivity. We delivered seven positive pivotal readouts last year. The seven map marks a major scientific advancement in our effort to provide protection against RSV for all infants. We're about to begin global submissions one year ahead of our initial plan, and we're getting ready to launch for the 2023 RSV season. Dupixen has only begun to penetrate the large type T patient population in atopic derm and asthma. Last year, four additional indications delivered positive results. The year was also marked by eight major approvals for Dupixen, Liptio, and Salteza, as well as next year, Zyme, and Pompe disease, which strengthens our rare disease franchise. Our R&D engine achieved a remarkable milestone this year, with 10 molecules entering the clinical pipeline from in-house research. It's something we have never achieved in the past. Our focus on three key therapeutic areas, immunology, oncology, and neurology, is increasing. We're building an industry-leading immunology pipeline, and have put our OX40 ligand antibody, Amlitellamab, on the list of our priority assets, which allocates additional funding to allow accelerated development of the program. A potential first-in-class and best-in-class treatment for a range of immune-mediated diseases, starting with atopic dermatitis. Will's abrutinib is in phase two development as a potential oral treatment option. Files in asthma and CSU are going to be open soon. Oncology keeps building, with the Amsterdam first-line study, and there are five already fully recruited, significantly earlier than planned, given the high interest in the study from the investigative community. In addition, we entered broad phase two programs for our engineered best-in-class interleukin-2-star-245, and our first-in-class decam-5 antibody to a conjugate to explore and accelerate the development in areas of high unmet need. In urology, our scientists are continuing to build the body of data showing the impact of tolibrutinib on human microglia, which supports the thesis that this brain-penetrant molecule modulates neuroinflammatory processes directly within the central nervous system. We will share new and important data at Actrims just coming up shortly. We also have started phase three developments of tolibrutinib for the treatment of myasthenia gravis, a chronic progressive neuromuscular disease that strikes more than 10,000 people each year in the U.S. alone. Advancing to slide nine, I want to highlight how we have strengthened the early stages of our clinical pipeline by adding 36 projects in one year. This speaks volumes about our commitment to build an industry-leading, sustainable pipeline with a steady stream of new assets that can transform the practice of medicine. 2021 has also marked the creation of our mRNA Center of Excellence to accelerate the development of the next generation of vaccines, with the ambition to deliver a minimum of six clinical candidates by 2025. We shared with you the interim results of our first mRNA monobaline flu study and pivoted our platform to modified mRNA in record time. As we transform and modernize the company for the long term, the teams also keep delivering robust performance and creating value in the short term. Our Q4 program is a good reflection of this. In fact, this quarter marks the first time that the specialty care business has led our business units by sales. Key growth drivers for specialty care, which you pick some 53% up compared to the same quarter last year, and our specialty care pipeline has grown to 87 projects in phase 1 to 3, with 61 in our key therapeutic areas of oncology, immunology, and urology. So, with that, let's start with specialty care, and Bill, over to you. Thank you, Paul. It is indeed a very exciting milestone for specialty care to emerge as the largest business unit of Sanofi by sales in the last quarter. This milestone validates our commitment to execute on our business priorities and to be a leader in innovative medicines that change patients' lives. The fourth quarter proved to be another remarkable period of growth for our specialty care franchises, with 3.5 billion euros in sales up 21.3%. As mentioned by Paul earlier, Dupixin, our truly transformative immunology mega brand, delivered once again a stellar quarter with more than 1.5 billion euros of sales and high double-digit growth across all regions. More about the brand performance in just a minute. Double-digit growth of our oncology franchise in the quarter and for the full year was mainly driven by the continued launch execution of Sarclisa and Leptayo in their respective key markets. Looking ahead, we are on a trajectory to exceed 1 billion euro in sales in oncology this year, despite the continued decline of Jeptana due to generic competition for the product in Europe. Our rare disease business reported exceptionally strong fourth quarter sales, up 9.5%, driven primarily by higher demand across the Pompeii, Gauthier, and Brad Bray franchises. Notably, our Pompeii franchise reached blockbuster status in 2021, totaling more than 1 billion euro in global sales. We are making great progress in the U.S. uptake of NextViazyme, our recently launched next-generation ERT for Pompeii disease. We are actively working on establishing NextViazyme as the next standard of care in global markets. We obtained marketing approval in Japan in November and have launched there. In addition, we look forward to a number of potential approvals in 2022 and continue to work toward approval in Europe from the EMA, where blood disorders franchise sales grew 2.7% when excluding lower industrial sales to Sobe. Growth of the franchise in the fourth quarter was driven by Kevzara, mainly due to additional launches in Europe and higher Alprolix sales in the U.S. High fourth quarter sales of neurology and immunology were due to the performance of Kevzara, which grew mainly because of the continued global demand for IL-6 receptor blockers and a temporary shortage of a competitor product, Tocilizumab. As a result, we expected demand for Kevzara, which is indicated for patients with rheumatoid arthritis, to remain strong in the coming months. Strong growth of Kevzara was partially offset by anticipated sales declines of Abazio and Lentrada in the quarter. Now, moving to slide 13, Dupixen delivered another year of outstanding performance in 2021, driven by consistent strong growth quarter after quarter in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. Last year alone, Dupixen added 1.7 billion euros of incremental sales to the top line, making it Sinopi's number one growth driver. Analyzing now at more than 6 billion euros in sales, we continue to believe that we are just at the beginning of the journey for this mega brand. Over the last two years, the key contributors of consistent strong growth have been patient demand, the approval of new indications, and the expansion into younger patient populations. I'd like to remind you that Q4 to Q1 growth is commonly impacted in the U.S. due to patient-deductible reset. However, consistent strong underlying demand quarter over quarter has resulted in Dupixen becoming the number one newly prescribed biologic among each specialist we call on, including dermatologists, allergists, pulmonologists, and ENTs. Outside the U.S., China continues to represent a major growth opportunity. With more than 30,000 adult patients treated to date, the launch is progressing strongly and according to our plans. Dupixen's growth opportunity in China is bolstered by the early NRDL listing, which was just extended by the authorities in China to include the 200-milligram dose, improving our access to the adolescent patient population. In atopic dermatitis specifically, we have been rapidly advancing our leadership as new entrants come to the market in the U.S., Europe, and Japan. We believe competition can further raise awareness and help unlock our full market potential in AD. Recent U.S. approvals of competitive AD treatment options have come with a significant delay and, in some cases, safety concerns, which are reflected in their label. In line with our expectations, some new entrants have restricted indications as second-line systemic therapies, which can mean use after Dupixen. We believe this further reinforces Dupixen's best-in-disease clinical profile, balancing rapid and sustained efficacy with proven long-term efficacy. This strengthens our position as first-line therapies in the growing AD market. At the same time, we remain focused on delivering milestones for future growth, including the regulatory submissions of AD in children younger than 6 years old and in eosinophilic esophageus. In asthma, we received a positive CHMP opinion for Dupixen in patients as young as 6 years old, with a final decision expected by the European Commission in the coming months. We are also excited about the recent pivotal data readouts in Predonodularis, which I will discuss briefly on my next slide. On slide 14, the data points on the charts demonstrate impressively the consistent benefits Dupixen has shown across two Phase III trials, Prime and Prime II. These data confirm significant improvements in itch and the appearance of skin lesions in patients who are inadequately controlled with topical therapies or for whom those therapies were not advisable. The pivotal data readout is also confirming the potential benefit of targeting IL-4 and IL-13 as the central drivers of type 2 inflammation in this specific disease, adding yet another indication for Dupixen if approved. Importantly, data from the Prime and Prime II studies were consistent with the well-established safety profile of Dupixen in already approved indications. We are very excited about the opportunity in Predonodularis, given the high unmet need and lack of approved systemic therapies. We are on track to begin submissions to regulatory agencies in the first half of this year. Moving to slide 15, I'd like to highlight two of our launch opportunities in 2022. Both new products exemplify our commitment to bring innovative treatments to the market and specialty care, addressing underserved and sometimes ultra-rare diseases where there are few or no approved treatment options available. On the left side of the slide, we are eagerly expecting to obtain the FDA approval of cetimlimab with a PDUFA date tomorrow, February 5th. Cetimlimab has been developed as the first treatment for cold agglutinin, or CAD, and our plan is to begin launching the product in the U.S. through our existing rare blood disorders business operations. A rollout of launches is planned for Japan later this year and in key European markets beginning in 2023. On the right side of the slide, the upcoming launch of Olipidase Alpha underscores our unwavering commitment to delivering innovative therapies for the rare disease patient community. Once approved, Olipidase will be the first and only therapy for pediatric and adult patients living with non-CNS manifestations of acid sphingomyelinase deficiency, or ASMD, a rare disease that robs quality of life for patients and their families and also increases the risk of premature death. The clinical development program for Olipidase has demonstrated positive results in two separate clinical trials, in adult and pediatric patients. Data from the ASCEND and Phase 2 ASCEND PEADS trial evaluating Olipidase Alpha served as the basis for regulatory filings. Turning to slide 16, EFA. Our uniquely engineered factor A has the potential to revolutionize factor treatment for hemophilia A patients, pending successful completion of our ongoing Phase 3 trial. EFA is designed to maintain high factor levels for much longer than all currently marketed factor replacement therapies. The product profile aims of providing sustained protection at near-normal factor levels for most of the week, helping patients enjoy normal levels of physical activity, coupled with a low treatment burden of a once-weekly dose. Considering the winning combination of convenience with weekly dosing, therapeutic activity with unmatched factor levels, and a safety profile in line with other factor therapies, EFA has the potential to become the factor therapy of choice, significantly improving quality of life for hemophilia A patients. With the potential to capture a significant share of the global $5 billion factor class market, we see high commercial opportunity for Sanofi territories, U.S. and Japan, addressing patients already on factor therapy, and expect a rapid uptake once approved. We also believe that EFA's profile would be competitive against non-factor treatments, unlocking additional opportunities by converting a portion of the non-factor patient population to safe factor treatment. While we are still waiting to see the Phase 3 data, we are looking forward to sharing the pivotal results with you, which we expect at the end of Q1. With that, I hand over to Thomas to update you on the vaccines. Thank you, Bill. Q4 performance in vaccines generated significant sales of €2 billion, including a strong increase in flu sales in Europe, as well as growth reported by our PPH and travel franchises. The lower GBU sales, as was last year, were mainly due to the U.S. influenza market, were two factors combined. First, a low immunization rate due to the priority given to COVID-19 vaccination in November and December. And second, a record product treatment in the third quarter, leading to a 55-45% split for the Q3-Q4 period. The U.S. performance was partially offset by the strong Q4 demand in other geographies, especially Europe, where FWELDA was very successfully launched. The PPH franchise, recording a strong fourth quarter growth, despite lower birth rates around the world, mostly driven by Pentexin performance in China. Finally, we are also pleased to see some recovery of the travel franchise, even though we are still far from the pre-pandemic level. Of note, on a full year basis, despite the pandemic environment, all five vaccine franchises have demonstrated growth in 2021 compared to 2020, illustrating again the robustness of our vaccine business. Next slide, please. On the next slide, let's look at our record flu performance in 2021, with a 6% growth over last year's record. On the left chart, you can see that the impact from the U.S. market contraction was more than compensated by the strong performance of Europe and the rest of the world. Let me be very clear. The U.S. sales reduction has nothing to do with our product's performance. COVID-19 boosters were given the priority by retailers and FF providers, and as a result, the total number of U.S. food doses injected this season decreased by 17%. Despite that challenging environment, flu zone idols continued to expand market share and gain 3.5-point share in the senior segment in the U.S. In Europe, the strong FULDA launch execution in Germany enabled us to reach the spectacular 64% growth following the positive STIKO recommendations. I'm glad to report that for the first season, three out of four German senior citizens have benefited from FULDA's demonstrated protection beyond flu. The right graph shows the continuous progress of our flu franchise. All incremental sales in 2021 were driven by our differentiated flu vaccines, thanks to their proven ability to protect against cardiovascular events and against pneumonia hospitalization. For the first time ever, our differentiated flu sales represented the majority of our annual sales, indicating that the importance of providing protection beyond flu resonates well with external stakeholders. I'm confident that our flu franchise will continue to grow in 2022, and that this year we'll see another record year. With that, I hand over to Olivier. Thank you, Thomas. Moving to General Melton on slide 19, we are encouraged by our performance in the fourth quarter. The execution of our strategy continues to deliver as planned, and the focus on our core assets has consistently generated positive results in recent quarters. In the fourth quarter, General Melton sales reached 3.4 billion euros, which included sales from industrial affairs. Our core assets grew 2.1%, and we are up as much as 4% when excluding the effect of prime sales to Regeneron in the U.S., which ended at the end of 2020. We drove double-digit growth for both Multac and Soliqua in the quarter, while static growth of 7.5% was accelerated by the strong performance in China, where the product is already included in the volume-based procurement program for the second year, and generated growth of 28% in the period. We are very happy about the performance. Tralion sales increased by 36%, excluding U.S. sales to Regeneron in the fourth quarter of 2020. Outstanding growth of the brand was particularly due to its performance in Europe, where it was recently relaunched in Germany. As I highlighted during the previous earnings calls, Lovenox sales were slightly down. This is mainly due to the high base of comparison in the fourth quarter of 2020, which followed the introduction of the WHO guidelines for the treatments of hospitalized COVID-19 patients, as well as some supply limitations. Our leading transplant franchise was strengthened by the consolidation of our new product edition, Regiroc. Starting on November 9th, Regiroc added 20 million euros of sales in the quarter. I will provide more detail on this exciting launch on my next slide. In China, Sanofi participated in the VB program for insulin in November. We are very proud of the results in the valentine insulin category with Lantus and Tougeo. Sanofi was the only multinational company among the winners in Category 8, which is a product category that will receive most of the hospital volume allocations. Our Glargian franchise remained broadly stable in the quarter, supported by Tougeo, and despite the price and inventory adjustment in China, in anticipation of the implementation of the insulin DBP, which is expected in the first half of 2022. Sales on non-car assets were lower in the quarter, in line with our expectations. The decline of 7.6% deflected the impact of product divesture, which are key to our ongoing strategic streamlining efforts. We are vigorously reducing the number of small product families with the objective to drive efficiency and increase profitability. Moving now to slide 20. For the full year 2021, general medicine sales reached 14.2 billion euros, which included sales from industrial fare totaling 808 million euros. Importantly, our core assets were up 5.6%. This performance translates into growth of 7.6% when excluding the impact of traluents sales to Regeneron in the U.S. Across our brands, Loveloft, traluents, when excluding U.S. sales, Soliqua, and our established brands in the transplant business, Dymoglobulin and Mozobil, delivered double-digit growth in 2021. The performance of our core assets in 2021 reinforced our confidence to deliver on our ambition to grow our core assets mid-single-digit GAGA over the period of 2020-2025. For 2022, we expect another year of strong performance of our core assets. Despite the high date of comparison in 2021 for Lovenox, we expect sales of Lovenox in 2022 to be close to the level of 2021. Our well-established transplant franchise is expected to continue its growth path, transcend by the launch execution and reservoir. Soliqua is also said to continue its growth trajectory, supported by its differentiated clinical profile, leveraging the compelling Solimix data. Soliqua is well-poiled for the competition with Premise Insulin in its key markets. We are also very excited by the anticipated approval of Soliqua in China later this year. In China, the winning position of our battle insulin products, Lantus and Pugeo in Category A of BVP, will enable us to deliver significantly higher volumes, but at lower price. With the pricing effect in mind, we expect our total growth in sales, Tugeo and Lantus, to decrease by around 33.0% in 2022 in China. Looking ahead, we aim to establish Tugeo as the battle insulin of choice in the large diabetes market in China, and expect to make Tugeo an important growth driver for our business in China in 2022 and beyond. Our non-core asset performance in 2021 reflect the impact from the progress we are making with our portfolio streamlining efforts. As discussed earlier, we continue to reduce the number of non-strategic sale product families. In summary, our 2021 achievements give us confidence in our ability to deliver on our commitment to stabilize sales by 2025 as compared to the 2020 base and to maintain general medicine DOI margin accretive for the group over the 2020-2025 period. Now, moving to CADMOD on slide 2021, let's discuss the value proposition of this important transaction for Sanofi and our transplant business. The acquisition was completed in November and represents a strong fit with our strategy. CADMOD's T-asset was approved in the U.S. last summer and receiving positive market feedback as highlighted on the slide. REZUROC has already reached 96% penetration in 80 T-centers and more than 500 patients have been treated to date. As we share on our last earning calls, REZUROC is a first-in-class treatment for adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with chronic graft-versus-os disease who have failed at least two parallel lines of systemic therapy. The prevalence is roughly 14,000 patients in the U.S., with steroid being the current standard of care in front-line CGEHD treatment. We estimate that 5,000 to 7,000 patients in the U.S. who are treated with steroids fail on their therapy and require additional treatment. In the slightly more than four months in the U.S. launch, REZUROC generated sales of 44 million euros, of which 20 million were consolidated by Sanofi in the acquisition. Going forward, we plan on accelerating the geographic expansion. We will continue to leverage our transplant expertise to maximize REZUROC growth potential, capitalizing on our long-standing relationship with the transplant community. In conclusion, we are excited about this innovative nuclear asset for Sanofi and confirm that the Cadmon acquisition will be slightly attractive in 2022. With that, I hand over the call to Julie. Thank you, Eddie. It's been a year since we presented our strategic priorities with the goal to grow our priority breadth of both market growth as early as 2022 in key geographies. I'm glad to report that today we're ahead of that commitment. Indeed, in 2020, we were losing share, and we were trending about five points below market growth. The latest market data shows that we have closed this gap. In November, on a rolling 12 months, we are at par with market growth. This, despite our absence in cost and cold and physical wellness categories in the U.S., and mainly driven by our priority categories in key geographies gaining share. These results show that the execution of our three strategic priorities to drive our business is starting to pay off. On our first priority of cutting and embracing complexity, we've been able to increasingly focus on our key brands and geographies, thanks to our simplification efforts. We have divested and pruned 111 non-core brands, a reduction of 40% of our total number of brands, which represents less than a point and a half of our sales. We've also reduced our trademarks by 50%, our domain names by 30%, and are continuously working on simplifying our processes and ways of working. At the same time, we have embraced the complexity of our multi-local brands by re-allocating investment to brands with the biggest growth potential and market share gains. On our second strategic priority, to become a true, fast-moving consumer healthcare business, the creation of our standalone is a key enabler, and we're on track. 80% of our legal entities are now live, and we integrated key functions like industrial affairs, all science-related functions, and supply chain under one roof. The success of this is twofold. First, a significant increase in agility in reaction to market and consumer needs. Coffin Cold is a good example where we were able to quickly size the opportunity of the market rebound in Q4, resulting in market share gain in October and November, including China. This is a first in four years. In addition, as mentioned earlier, this helps us to revisit our ways of working and adapt them to the specificities of a fast-moving consumer healthcare business, for example, in consumer engagement, digital marketing, or speed of innovation. A big focus has also been to strengthen our brand equities and campaigns beyond the pure science and quality of our products, which we already deliver. On our third priority, to build our digital and data edge, the creation of our standalone here again has given us the opportunity to revisit and build fundamentals with a strong focus on e-commerce, rent sites, THC-specific CRM and third-party management systems, and data-driven A&T and location tools. Regarding our Rx to OTC switches, both programs continue to progress despite the pandemic. The team is actively working on the project, and we continue to execute critical studies in an accelerated fashion. For Cialis in the U.S., we have completed the self-selection studies, and results have been submitted to FDA along with the protocol for an actual use trial. No erectile dysfunction, Rx to OTC switch project, has gone this far. We are now waiting for the FDA feedback in order to proceed. For TAMISU, we are evaluating the status of the current flu season to determine if certain studies can progress. In the meantime, we have accelerated all studies that can be done without the presence of disease to keep the pace. On both programs, we should be able to share more next quarter. Turning to page 23, when looking at net sales performance, we have delivered 5.6% growth in Q4. Our organic growth is even higher with 7% growth in Q4 when excluding the impact of divestment. These results are driven by three factors. First, the progress we've made on the execution of our strategic priorities, as mentioned earlier. Secondly, we benefited from the market rebound in categories like stuff and cold. And lastly, we also benefited from COVID vaccinations, specifically in pain care. We will continue to focus our efforts to further deliver on our three strategic priorities that have proven to be working, with the ambition to build a true, fast-moving consumer healthcare business and be at par with the market. Let me rev up by saying how much I am enjoying working with the team, driving the CHE business back to growth. With that, I hand it over to our CSO, Jean-Baptiste. Thank you, Julie. Let me start by highlighting some strong proof points for Sanofit Transformation in 2021. First, we managed to increase full-year growth margin by 120 bits to 71.3%. This improvement is linked to the growing self-contribution of our brands in specialty care on higher-margined vaccines products. It is also the result of efficiency measures in manufacturing, which typically require a longer lead time before they become accreted to margin, and are now starting to come through. As I said before, we are committed to continuing this trend of growth margin improvement. Second, we managed our OPEX in 2021 effectively and without disrupting the strong growth momentum. We successfully controlled the increase in OPEX on managing them to grow slower than sales, which was possible as a result of our rigorous prioritization. As before, we reinvested the vast majority of efficiencies generated during the year. Finally, let me briefly comment on another proof point of our transformation, headcount. When I took on the CAFO role in 2018, the company employed around 100,000 employees worldwide. With the ongoing transformation towards a more agile organization, we are now in a new phase with approximately 96,000 globally, and we continue to change our ways of working. We are embracing digital change, streamlining our portfolio, and collaborating with partners in geographies to balance a reduced infrastructure while improving access to our meetings. On this path, we expect to end the year with a headcount closer to 90,000, reflecting a more efficient organization. This would represent a 15% 1.5 lower headcount as compared to 2018 and would include a successful IPO of EuroAPI on the existing plan. On slide 26, turning now to the full P&L for the fourth quarter, company sales increased 4.9% at CER, driven by excellent growth of dividend on other special detail franchises as well as consumer health. Business operating income grew 6.9% at CER, benefiting from improvements at growth market level, which were driven by the favorable portfolio sheet to specialty care products on efficiencies within industrial affairs. In the fourth quarter, we again saw an increase compared to last year with a margin improving 240 basis points. Business EPS grew 9.8% at CER, benefiting from a slightly lower tax rate of 20.5. Turning to slide 27, we have achieved around 2.4 billion of cumulative savings, of which 2.1 were accrued through OPEX efficiency as depicted by the bright purple boxes from on this slide. In addition, we realized an incremental 300 million in cost reductions over the last two years. Specifically, we achieved our target of 500 million savings in R&D due to prioritization of specialty care on editing diabetes and cardiovascular. In addition, lasting efficiencies were generated by consolidating function across sites, improving our trials logistic, reducing cycle times through advances in data on digital, coupled with more agile governance. GenMed has been successful in reducing the complexity of its business, focusing on key markets, on employing a digitally-enabled go-to-market model. GNA, across all areas of Sanofi, contributed 500 million of savings over the last two years, driven by smart spending initiatives, real estate efficiencies, a preferred supplier model on digitalization. In summary, we remain on track to achieve our target of 2.5 billion savings by end of 2022. Most of this year's savings are again earmarked to be reallocated to fund our growth drivers and key programs in R&D. Moving to slide 28, let me briefly comment on how strongly increased free cash flow. In fact, we doubled free cash flow since 2018 through a focus on improved business performance on change in working capital. Given the strong improvement in free cash flow in recent years, we were able to achieve our 2019 Capital Market Day objective of a free cash flow increase of around 50%, one year ahead of schedule. On slide 29, we maintain our objective to continue Sanofi's annual dividend policy, which is reflected in the fact that the company has consistently increased its dividend payments for the past 27 years. As a result of Sanofi's performance in 2021, we announced that the board has proposed a dividend of €3.33. Since a growing dividend remains an important element of our capital allocation, but it shranks behind our organic investment on business development in our priority. On slide 30, we provide an outlook on highlighting expected business dynamics across sales and expenses. On the left part of the slide, you can see expected drivers of sales across our GBUs, including the continuation of strong growth from Dupixen, recall through season, on maintained business momentum for the core products of consumer health on GenMate. As communicated before, we expect consumer health priority brands to grow above market in key geographies, resulting in growth for the entire business, but only progressively nearing market rates. At the same time, we also force the overall GBU sales in GenMate to stabilize. The EUROAPI short-party sales are currently consolidated in this business. Upon the planned EUROAPI IPO, GenMate sales will be reduced by that amount going forward. On the right part of the slide, we expect gross margin to continue to improve due to product mix and efficiencies. R&D expenses are expected to continue to grow in line with our strategy. As we keep streamlining our GenMate on THC business, we expect to generate around 500 million in capital gains throughout 2022. We estimate that our 2022 ETR, effective tax rate, to be around 19%, 1.9, given the evolution of our products on geographic mix. This estimate is based, of course, on current tax legislation. So on my final slide, slide 31, we expect full-year 2022 business EPS to grow in the low double digits at CER. On our way to achieve our 2022 financial projects, we also guide to a BOI margin of 30% for the year. On foreign exchange, we see a positive currency impact of 2% to 3% based on January average exchange rate. With 9.3 EPS growth in 2020 and 15.5 EPS growth at CER in 2021, we are on track for a third year of double-digit or near double-digit EPS growth. I have now the call back to Paul. Well, thanks, Shibi. We expect 2023 to be another busy year with important development, excuse me, milestones for our priority molecules and other pipeline programs. We'll look forward to the results of four pivotal studies, including amsinestron in second and third line metastatic breast cancer, as well as the phase three results of their finestock to cog alpha in hemophilia. The readout of Dupixin in chronic cold-induced urdicaria may add another dermatological indication, addressing a population of 25,000 patients in the U.S. alone. We also anticipate making further important pivotal trial decisions, especially in oncology and vaccines. Moving to side 34 and to ESG, you may remember that our social impact strategy was approved by the Sinophie Board little more than a year ago. Our renewed contract with society is fully aligned and embedded with our business strategy and ambitions. We make good progress across all our four pillars. Today, I would like to highlight some achievements in the area of affordable access. The mission of the Sinophie Global Health Unit we created last year is to increase access to essential medicines in some of the world's poorest countries. In the area of malaria, TB, and non-communicable diseases, we've increased both the number of patients reached and the number of countries. In addition, Sinophie is committed to helping 1,000 patients living with rare diseases who have no access to treatment. We donated again more than 100,000 vials in 2021. This builds on a 30-year humanitarian commitment to patients suffering from rare diseases such as Sabri, Gaucher, and Pompei diseases. Moving to side 35 as we look into the 2022 calendar, we will update you every quarter on our new initiatives happening across the four pillars of our ESG strategy. This quarter, we want to put the focus on access. We are proud to announce a partnership with Medtronic Labs and the launch of a multi-country, multi-year collaboration in the fields of non-communicable diseases. Together, we will leverage digital health and a community-based approach to improve disease awareness, diagnosis, and management of diabetes and hypertension in strong collaboration with health system partners. The public health burden of NCDs is staggering with 35 million deaths globally, of which 28 million occur in low- to middle-income countries every year. This project will contribute to strengthening health systems as they build towards universal health coverage and sustainable development goals. On my final slide, let me touch on some planned events in the first half of this year. As mentioned, we expect to have further tolerated data presented at Actroms and will organise a virtual event around theirs. Invites will be sent out shortly. We also plan for an update on our immunology pipeline, including due pixent, in late March. As part of this update, we will revise upward our peak sales potential for this medicine. We are currently finalising our plans for an event focused on ESG that we hope to take place in the June-July timeframe. Well, let's open the call now for Q&A. Thank you. We will now open the call to your questions. We would like to ask you to limit the questions to each so we can call up a number of the participants. You have two options to participate. Click the raised hand icon at the bottom of your screen. You will be notified when your line is open to ask your questions. At that time, please make sure you unmute your microphone. Or option two, submit your question by clicking the Q&A icon at the bottom of your screen and your question will be read out. Can we now have the first question? Yes. The first question comes from Yimala Kapadia from Bernstein. Yimala? Oh, great. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Yimala Kapadia from Bernstein. So first, can I just ask on the U.S. flu business? You know, declined year on year. Toma, you flagged a 17% market contraction in volumes. So could you just provide a bit more colour on your expectations for the volume-value mix for the U.S. in 22? You know, what was the level of coverage in 21? Was that actually below historical pre-COVID levels? And if so, should we be getting a nice bounce in coverage in 2022, specifically to the U.S.? And then my second question is just on the OX40. You know, we had some data last year for the OX40 program, which is now a priority asset. I'm just curious how you're thinking about targeting the OX40 versus the OX40 ligand. And then I'd love to hear, you know, how you think about the duration of effect. But just given looking at Amgen's drug looked rather compelling on that front, have you seen anything from your own asset suggesting a similar efficacy profile with time? Thank you. Thank you, Vimal. Great questions. Tomer, flu coverage, read across for 22? Thank you very much, Vimal. Indeed, you understood very well that the U.S. flu situation in 2021 was a very specific U.S. situation with minus 17 on the overall volume for the U.S. and what that means that it was lower than 2019. Very specific to the U.S. again, as you've seen from the other markets and completely linked to the COVID-19 specifications. You know very well that there was a lot of confusion with different age indications being licensed at the same time and a lot of discussions on the boosters. So definitely we don't see that as a play moving forward for 2022 because, of course, if you end up being in 2021 with the U.S. vaccine coverage below 2019 that gives room for growth. So we are very confident about 2022. We expect to see both volume and value increase in the U.S. versus this year. To give you an example, I think it's a good illustration of what could happen in the U.S. for flu in 2022. I think everybody has understood that there needed to be some fixes on the U.S. flu coverage and CMS has very interestingly decided to increase the flu vaccine administration fee from $17 to $30 for those for the season in age 2022 in the U.S. So I think there's going to be a strong CDC understanding as well as strong retailer preparation to make sure that 2022 is very different from 2021. And that's why we're expecting a record flu season overall for Sanofi Pasteur and indeed an increase of flu in the U.S. in 2022 versus 2021. Thank you. Thank you, Thomas. Great to hear from some of your vaccines. John Reed, OX40 ligand. I think the question from Bill Maul is about duration and efficacy and maybe you have some thoughts on tolerability as well. Yeah, I think it was about OX40 the receptor versus OX40 the ligand and we prefer the ligand because it is induced on angiopresenting cells so its quantity in the body is less whereas OX40 is more heavily expressed on a constituent basis and can you know mean that you're going to have to dose higher to neutralize it. But more importantly I think than that is the fundamental difference in the mechanisms of our molecule amlitellamab coming from the codonide acquisition versus the Kirin antibody that Amgen has accessed. The Kirin slash Amgen antibody is a depleting molecule that actually kills the cells that express OX40 whereas we have a non-depleting antibody that modulates OX40's pathway. the downside of depleting is that both effector T-cells which are contributing to the autoimmunity but also regulatory T-cells that we need for suppressing autoimmunity express OX40 so over time you'd have the risk of depleting those necessary regulatory T-cells with a depleting mechanism. So we feel that in terms of long-term safety and durability of the effects that a non-depleting antibody targeting the ligand is really a superior way to go. Thank you John. Couldn't agree more. Next question. The next question will come from Richard Bossa at J.D. Morgan. Richard. Thanks very much for taking my question. Two questions please. First one just on flu as well just could you talk about your manufacturing capacity and supply and how that will develop and the demand that you might see for high dose beyond Germany in Europe and then second question there's clearly been quite a lot of interest for consumer assets early on this year does that lead you to change or accelerate any of your plans for the consumer business going forward? Thanks very much. Thanks Richard. First of all I'll compliment Tom and the team on what they've done with the high dose launch and particularly this year and remotely and incredibly in Germany so the question is supply and beyond. Thanks Richard. Definitely no concern at all on US or non-US flu supply. We are very confident you know very well that last year we added a new flu building in Swiftwater. you know also that we are further investing into additional flu and antigens for the mid to long term with the Canada plant. So really moving forward on that and feeling very confident on supply for this year. Of course as every single year we are always receiving the northern emissor season as in February and at the end of the Q2 call usually we take that moment at the Q2 call to make a little bit of an update on supply and phasing for Q324. When it comes to demand as you highlighted the Sanofi vaccines team have done very strongly this year in Germany. We expect this to further grow. There is room to grow in Germany. When it comes to other markets in Europe we are going to introduce in 22 in a couple of new markets in Europe but you know very well when it comes to vaccines and flu introduction it's about having preferential recommendation it's about having reimbursement so we start new countries in Europe until we have the right reimbursement in place and then we will provide the supply. Thank you. Thank you Thomas. The consumer question you know I think I got where you're heading Richard I think the thing for us would go back to what we said capital market day December 2019 we thought we could grow faster than we were growing we thought we could carve in increase agility accelerate growth make better choices prioritize leverage e-commerce and run fast all the way to the switches and I think Julie and the team have done an incredible job frankly in doing that and we're really delighted with the progress we made we know a lot happens outside with other companies and different things but we know the choices that we made back in 19 and we're very happy with how things are performing okay next question the next question will be from Luisa Hector at Berenberg Luisa hello thank you for taking my question possibly for JB but you mentioned the headcount reduction I just wondered if you can give us an update on the Euro API spin timing gating items and then also on gross margin so clearly very good progression so you're working very hard on this and it's paying off can you guide us to whether to think about a continued improvement through 2023 when a Bageo generics arrives thank you okay thank you Luisa so JB you always get the fun ones so maybe there's a Euro API question it was probably related to headcount you may want to go a tiny bit broader and then of course gross margin and something else yeah so effectively we turn it to transform we have the new business model operating in some countries commercially but we have also this API activity which will be the leader in its field so the IPO is announced for X1 2022 we are on course to do this so yeah as planned Luisa we are looking forward to make it happen in the next one on the gross margin yeah effectively we delivered on 21 we are guiding again on improvement on the midterm I won't make a gross margin guidance multi-year but there's something which is a strong element you have to keep in mind is that on our main asset duplicate we are going to have quite a transformative journey in terms of cogs which should really help us to neutralize any price erosion we could have because we are looking at implementing new manufacturing processes that will deliver strongly in terms of cogs improvement so that's a clear piece thank you and you didn't ask me but I'm glad you asked the questions because you know there's a huge amount of work while we're advancing the pipeline 30-60 programs in early development the six acquisitions I think what does get missed out of our discussion a little bit occasionally is the fundamental work that's going into reshaping the company the right sizing the company of course but more importantly we're having an IPO in the first half of this year at the same time we're carving in a consumer business and on all these things we're outperforming whilst doing them whilst delivering on the science and the overall financial performance and the commitments we made to the street for 22 so you know we really feel like you know the level and scale of transformation that's happening is perhaps not fully understood and it's okay but it's extensive so maybe next question yes next question will come from Simon Simon thank you for taking my questions and loving the new branding by the way the first question is you know you've given guidance for the tax rate for 2022 if you look at consensus it's something 30 point higher just wondering if you can potentially comment on sustainability of this tax rate or how we should maybe revisit our expectations there and then the second one it's just on the picture and thank you for the updated timeframes with respect to its guidance I mean I think it's clear you blow everything out of the water in terms of safety and efficacy in a couple of them cyclists and I appreciate it this other day so maybe could you comment on any impact that you're seeing or that you expect to see with the recent launches to the seismic and severe asthma and speed back re-medicating from positions thank you okay well thank you for the kind words on the branding you know for those that haven't followed it closely you know it is the original font from our birth in 1973 and it's also an opportunity for us to be a little bit more disruptive and unify the company as well at the same time so I'm glad that is recognized I think it's more dynamic thanks and reflective of the comments I made earlier how much the transformation is happening here and for that high energy question to tax John Mathis so to you thank you very much yeah it's a nice trend on our effective tax rate 200 bits but effectively as I said in my previous speech it's really something which is dependent of further changes in the tax legislation we have structural good trends and let's say that the underlying tax rate is like between 19 and 20 but as we speak I don't know what will be the full impact of pillar 2 of changes of taxation in some other regions like the US so yeah a good trend with a big chunk of it linked to our business on tax rates in France also which is going positively but that could be disturbed in the midterm by other changes in other regions thank you JB thanks also for the compliments on Dupixen which is you know frankly incredible performance and led by Bill and the team so Bill comments about new entrants and early signals yeah well thank you for the question you know none of the new entrants are a surprise for one thing we've been planning on these we've been waiting in some cases extended wait for the Jags as they were almost a year delayed and while it's new competition in the US you know we've had these competitors that have already launched in Germany and on their way in Japan as well so we're certainly used to them and I think the one thing that they do is they really reinforce our best and disease clinical profile that we have you know just go back to the biology targeting aisle 4 and aisle 13 that is fundamental to type 2 inflammation and no other product has been able to show the profile that we have in any of the type 2 diseases and you know clearly starting with atopic dermatitis where we are the leader now asthma as well you know the profile again we think is the top the best profile that is in asthma and we're you know seeing really very promising signs all around the world of our ability to compete and win in the asthma space just one comment you know as we have competition come into the atopic dermatitis market it actually helps to serve to grow the market grow awareness of atopic dermatitis etc and you know as we've had competitors launch in other countries as I said Germany and Japan we have seen market expansion so that's what we expect that's part of our aspiration to have a you know 25 to 30 percent advanced therapy penetration in atopic dermatitis over time that's one of the contributors but you know the one thing that's clear is that we are on top we remain on top and we believe being best in disease we will stay on top so sorry can I I think I said to Jeff the side I've got it on my brain in the US is there any early feedback you could share no there's really nothing that we're seeing it's still very early we're staying with the trends that we've seen just to add a point to build I think the assumption is always it's a zero sum game you know stay with the Jacks for example the baggage and you know with the 13s it's half the answer missing the four so you know and you know that most of these mechanisms have failed in at least one of the indications that GP has already approved and TESI would probably be in that box too I think it filled in AD if I remember correctly so on one hand we're the only medicine that will play in every indication on the other hand as Bill said and I think it gets missed every time a little bit of competition to help drive up penetration of advanced therapies is absolutely essential and Bill's comments about Germany should not be underestimated because you know we obviously will carry the education of these disease areas but it's good that others want to come in and try and do that too and in growing markets where you're the market leader it's a very healthy place for us to be on behalf of patients okay next question please next question will be from Graham Perry at Bank of America Graham great thanks for taking my questions so congratulations on getting an hour into the call without a mirror of three questions I'm afraid I'm going to break that so just wondering have you accrued all events now and in data lock and so we still look for Q1 readout on that study and the LSS results I think have led to some concern in the market that oral serbs only show benefit in BFR1 mutated patients who are obviously more rare in the frontline setting and I think that's leading to some pessimism around the potential in frontline so perhaps if you could just address that point and then secondly a question on M&A you've done a lot of smaller pipeline deals of late obviously biotech valuations have fallen somewhat at the moment so the weakness that you're seeing in biotech prices you're seeing more value and opportunity perhaps to build out further in oncology where I think you've highlighted is still a key target thank you thank you I didn't hear the first part of your question so oh right it's an Amira three question thank you for raising it so I'm going to toss it to John John I don't know you heard it was you know the competition should more efficacy I think in ESR mutation and so what's the way to cost for us and where are we on database locked and reporting it in Q1 right right okay Graham no thank you in terms of the activity of our CERD on wild type versus mutant estrogen receptor we're fully active on both whereas the competitive molecule is better on the mutant and on the wild type so that's not at all a liability for us and so it is one of the differentiators of our molecule and one of the many factors that we think gives it a best in class profile along with the pristine tolerability you know we're we expect to have the data this quarter with respect to MIR3 and the late line metabolic breast cancer I'm also pleased to report we're fully enrolled now in the front line study in combination with the CDK4-6 inhibitor and that our first of our adjuvant studies is now open for enrollment so we're making good progress across the spectrum from early to late line in each of these indications where we think antithetorin has a strong value proposition for women with hormone receptor positive breast cancers thank you John so categorically Graham results in Q1 okay JD MNA yeah well I do think that our MNA activity is not related to the pecan trough of the valuation of biotech it's much more dependent on the leadership of our R&D team and on John scouting for the right asset which is really fitting with our strategy really fitting with our TAs so no specific impact from the current level evaluation it will be up and down but we are still on for both acquisitions of course great thank you next question please next question will be from Tim Anderson at Wolf Tim your question please thank you couple of questions so going back to world third we'll be getting two readouts this year from two similarly designed trials later last year trial and then Russia's trial both companies claim best in class do you think these upcoming data sets would help prove which company is right and which company is wrong making that claim or would that not become clearer until we get additional trial readouts such as in the first line setting and then second would love to get your thoughts on Lily's Libertizumab they're saying they think that will have a profile that's very competitive to do extent to talk about differentiation and ocular side effects and I'm wondering what your thoughts are on them as a competitor they do know the dermis based well because of TALS thank you okay a few good things in there John given Roche's data and our impending data do you think we'll be able to declare a winning profile this year no it's a good question I'm not sure that these late line settings are the best place to really differentiate on efficacy where we do feel confident that we'll be able to perhaps differentiate is on the safety tolerability profile where so far you know antinestrin has really been delivering a best in class profile whereas molecules from others including Roche have been showing safety signals around cardiac issues and in some cases vision issues so I think that's probably the best answer I can give you for now I would probably be looking to how the tolerability profiles hold up in these early lines as opposed to hinging a lot on the efficacy profile given a lot of the heterogeneity in these patient populations you see in the late line and therefore the difficulty to really do cross trial comparisons in an apples to apples way thanks John reiterate to everybody we haven't seen the data we are optimistic that we're in a good spot and we look forward to getting it you all know I think it's a small indication if we are successful so in terms of value perspective it's not as important although it may bring benefit to those that need it let's be frank but from a confidence perspective you know it's important to everybody so when we have the data you'll be soon after us in terms of knowing as I do think whereas in most areas I've worked in tolerability inevitably plays a part particularly this as we move earlier lines and Jonathan touched on it tolerability will be a key differentiator and if I understand correctly the competitor you referenced at a lower dose continues to have cardiotox challenges so you know that we think those things are going to be very very important over the longer term Bill IL13 Lily is saying that they have a winning profile yeah well thanks for the question you know as Paul said I think earlier on with the IL13 it's incomplete it's missing the IL4 so we think starting with the biology it's not the complete biology so when you take a look at their results let's remember these are phase 2 B results they're still waiting on their later results you know there's nothing that really stands out from our perspective efficacy you know looks fine the conjunctivitis looks similar to Depixent you know I think some of the big differences are that we're six years ahead at that point by the time they launch we are you know a mega blockbuster we become the standard of care so I think for somebody to come in with something that isn't so much to offer you know I think that that is regardless of your experience in a therapeutic area it's not therapeutic experience in atopic dermatitis so you know as we said it's part of the story IL-13 certainly not the full we've got the best profile yeah thanks oh sorry was there a follow on thank you okay thanks yeah for my it's great that I have experience with I have a lot of experience with and nobody has got the experience like we have in AD and I'm telling you what the team has done with Depixent is incredible we never underestimate competition particularly well organized ones but it starts with the biology like Bill said and if you have got half the answer you have a long road to hoe I'm sure that makes some progress but let's go all the way back to the fundamental which is additional weight in the market to help educate and improve penetration is welcome and if we have the best profile which we believe we do then we will disproportionately benefit from that so you know we look forward to the meeting in March where we'll update you more deeply about our forecast and indeed our immunology plan plan in general next question I think yes next question comes from Mark at the August family Mark if you have a thank you thanks everyone two questions firstly on the defixement could you give us an update in terms of where you are in terms of advanced therapy penetration rates in AD versus the 25 to 30 percent you just gave and also some idea of an indication split but ahead of the 29th of March just to get us in the mood perhaps you could help us understand where you believe in the future a US ex-US split could be obviously ex-US growing 80% from a lower base than the US but where eventually do you feel ex-US split could be and then the second one on full 707 or style 245 the IL2 phase 3 go and go decisions coming up in the second half of this year I wonder if you could help us understand which indications and lines of therapy those decisions would be made on if it's monotherapy or combination therapy and what are the gating decisions when making that hurdle into phase 3 okay thank you Mark Bill I think the question is where are we now and what is the penetration how does it evolve towards that 20 to 30 percent you're talking about thanks for the question we've got still a long way to go just to give you a sense in US adult AD it's 7.9 percent and when I say the finish line is looking at 25 30 percent which is a little bit in the range of psorias it's maybe a little bit higher we've got a long way to go so just reinforcing what Paul said along the way new competitors in the marketplace help to accelerate that regarding US we have seen similar patterns in every market that we've launched in the world following the US from a growth perspective we continue to see that we expect that we're not going to comment on what we think the ultimate geographic distribution will be or indications for it I think as well as Europe always takes some time to get through the reimbursement cycles and so it always starts slower then it always gets more interesting and then everybody always starts to ask questions about it and now we don't need to share the relative proportions but the fact that the rest of the world will just get stronger and stronger in terms of its contribution because the medicine is so good and I think Bill mentioned China earlier that is quite a 30,000 patients in just months I think starts to help you understand where we might be heading John SR245 or formerly known as THOR707 likely indication split and thoughts on I think it was combos yes thanks for the question maybe before I jump into SR245 though since you brought up the immunology event coming in March we're really looking forward to not only talking about Dupixent but also the broader portfolio you know we've grown from just six molecules in development for immunology to now 17 and so you'll be you know hearing about our biologics that include amlitelemab the ox40 ligand etopecumab the IL-33 antibody in development for COPD our engineered interleukin 2 on the other flip side of the story thor809 that stimulates regulatory T-cells instead of effector T-cells our bi-specific multi-specific nanobodies that do nifty things like neutralizing both TNF and IL-23 in a single molecule the new concept for inflammatory bowel disease CD40 ligand et cetera as well as our oral small molecule portfolio of rilzabrutinib a unique BTK inhibitor our ripkinase inhibitor our oral TNF inhibitor and the IRAC 4 degrader so that portfolio of immunology has really blossomed and we look forward to talking more about that in March now the SAR245 we have a large platform study underway in lung head and neck GI skin and lymphoma and like most companies we sort of started with the obvious to do combinations with PD1 and we're pursuing that but this year we will be embarking on novel combos with other kinds of mechanisms I would note for example that we have three T-cell engagers now in development we have our first NK-cell engager went into development we have our universal allogeneic NK-cell platform so there's a lot to think about as combination opportunities with SAR245 across a range of cell tumors and hematologic malignancies this will be a rich year for generating those early data signals we're eagerly anticipating what we might be able to do with this best in class end of year version of interleukin 2 thanks John I do think we were talking about it actually quite recently the number of signals that we're going to get across the pipeline but particularly in oncology is going to be quite interesting this year while we know they're only early for some of you but we would like to be an emerging player in oncology there'll be nice moments for us to make some decisions about which way to go and we're optimistic next question please thank you for taking the question perhaps I could want with one on evidence optocog just your expectations or your ambitions perhaps for the upcoming pivotal data I think you said you're hoping to show above near normal expression above 40% factor eight four days what sort of figures would you be hoping to be showing in seven days and what kind of share implications do you think that could have relative to what a locta has at present indeed if you could give us some colour on where you think a locta is presently that would be helpful as well and about the second question on the ship 2k given the decision to progress the combination to phase 2 with amgen just wondering if you've seen any data find confidence on synergy for that combination given the pretty clear lack of ship 2 monotherapy activity and the timing of that potentially either phase 1 or phase 2 being presented to us for the scientific conference that would be helpful thank you thank you Emmanuel I'll come to you in a moment but Bill I don't have any comment actually John may have two as well on FNS I don't think we've declared what our expectation is but certainly our profile is going to be best in class yeah I think that's right I think if you take a look at what we showed in the phase 2 which showed that you know over half the week four days where you're at essentially a near normal level and by the end of the week it tapers off to in the 10% I believe yeah but still quite strong for text down even at the end of the week yeah I mean you just look on the slide that I showed you know no one's even close to that and no one's even close to that with a once weekly so this we consider really transformative in the hemophilia age space you know when you think about patients kids who want to have an active lifestyle and if you can give them something they've never seen before then maybe for you know just a brief moment normal and you do that for the better part of the week you know you begin to think about giving them a little bit more of their life back and being active and so forth so you know we're really excited that's what you know we expect to see that in our phase three release we hope you know that it set a pretty high bar set a high bar for us set a high bar for the market I think overall so you know stay tuned more to come on that one but you know this is really something which is different no one's been able to offer this before so I think you know we're hearing patient communities really excited yeah and now I've heard that people too obviously Bill and I think the real question is could it be even longer depending on which the patient's longer term I mean it gets very exciting for as an instructor for our confidence building is you know the gene therapy at least this generation doesn't seem to be you know definitive and of course and of course Libra comes more towards the weekly or bi-weekly itself you know then the opportunity is perhaps even bigger than we thought when we started on this journey I'll be honest and of course half the market's been in fact so quite interesting for us John maybe ship to KRAS yeah so you know the reason that we're pursuing that combination is because in preclinical studies where we and others tried different combinations of ship two with various other signal transaction blocking molecules that was always consistently the place where we saw the best combination from efficacy so the most synergy and again this is not just Sanofi data but it's Mirati data it's Amgen data etc so we think that if there's a combination where ship two can shine this is it and we're doing the studies this year it's another one of these where the signals will be the important determinant of what kind of trajectory we can take with that mechanism so that's the rationale and the data will ultimately speak for themselves and we'll be gathering it this year thanks John and maybe I just thank you for the research you did on Reserock I found it really interesting how physicians were really thinking confident already and thinking about moving to earlier lines I mean of course it's just a survey but it was very insightful and we enjoyed reading that so thank you for that work you're welcome and congratulations on the strong launch thank you very much that means a lot okay Eva yes last question would be from Matthew Weston at Credits Matthew it's it's Joe here I'm sorry I had two questions on DUPI I wonder you've given us the 8% penetration in the US adult market in AD perhaps half of the sales potential comes from other indications so I wonder if you could just tell us how successful you've been in penetrating things like asthma so that we can see how broad the appeal of this is beyond atopic dermatitis and I noted that you're going to update your sales projections but that's before you have the COPD data I thought you were waiting for that before you gave us an update my second question would be on IFA so I would have assumed that if somebody was interested in efficacy but not so concerned on safety they may already have moved from a factor to a non-factor so safety is likely to be a very important part in making the decision for these patients to move on to your new product how much safety data will you have at the time of submission and of launch and what makes you so confident that people won't think that the different pharmacodynamics of this factor could impact on the safety characteristics of the product okay we'll stop in there you keep guessing sometimes you can't connect and then you'll hear as Matthew Western so but out of which way now that we got to the questions do the in other indications penetration will yeah so you know if you look Joe in asthma we're at about 19% biologics penetration okay so that's the starting point and then as you've heard from a per specialty perspective we're leading in each of the each of the specialists with Dupixen and the other the other indications you know look we're it depends again on the biopenetration you know they're pretty low we're starting with you know a brand new indication so to speak with nasal pulse we're the only player there still working on the epi a little but it appears as though we're having good strong penetration there won't give a number at this time regarding the second question was well there's one about why are we waiting for the CFD data and I'm sorry I'm happy to answer but then we move to a same efficacy trade-off which we get to with John so Joe we can't win if we wait you say why are you waiting and if we don't wait to say why have you not waited so we're sort of the trips in between I think because the CFD data is in 23 I think we all felt that a good time to take stock would be towards the end of Q1 and using a deeper immunology catch up that we think that's worth doing and of course we won't be able to declare a new peak without referencing you know that it's like it'll be different with CFD if the data reads out how we frame that when we're very early in the thinking so stay loose on that until we get there but I just don't think given the run rate and the prescriptions that we could ask people to wait a full year or more actually to understand what the peak could be John I don't know you got it all on the safety efficacy trade off and what data we'll have yeah I'm a little surprised by the question because the safety of this next generation factor 8 is pristine there have been no safety signals we don't have any reason really to believe there would be any you could almost say to some extent that way was paved with products like elotate which fuses an FC region onto factor 8 and here there are some additional embellishments with the so-called extend technology but that had also been de-risked with other molecules that have been taken to the clinic including an approved product so the components of the molecule have all been de-risked and we've not seen any safety liabilities on the other hand if you think about alternatives they do have some safety historical safety baggage so I really think on a safety standpoint again we come out best in class yeah and John just to add to that I think clearly from an efficacy perspective we win too I mean no one's if you look at the comparison where emethizumab is if you try to estimate where it is it's nowhere near normal right it's nowhere near normal factor level so you know we're really confident that we win on the safety for you know just redefine the safety bar and then it's you know you're looking at a weekly dose that's pretty convenient as well so you know I think across both parameters we're in really good shape yeah thank you you know when I joined the company a lot of people asked questions like did the company not understand how Libra was coming when we got into Fetisa land and 001 half the people responsible for Libra work for us now John really thanks but one thing we did learn was that these patients are dynamic and they will move fast if they see a better choice to be made particularly if you're not a true monthly you're actually every one to two weeks in the case of the non-factor Bill said you know set a new standard I think the competition needs to be slightly more concerned that the patients are much more likely to change it's what got them their position in the first place and it's what we'll do when we launch with EFRA which is not that far away so thank you for those questions thank you to everybody for the energy and the contribution delighted by the way as always we're starting to transition more towards science and the transformation of the company a little less just on the basic financials which every day we're responsible for don't even think that we're not but we think in terms of value creation and in the right to bring our pipeline forward and surprise you it's very very important nothing's off the table we're shaping the company real time you may not see it and put it you're not part of it but I think as we look back I like to particularly a full year you know we get to look at the distance traveled just in 12 months I think it feels like we've come an awful long way and while we've got some news flow up ahead of us and we hope it's all positive you know we will keep moving forward finding signals and advancing 36 programs that were not moving last year sorry the beginning of last year that moved last year and 10 first in human for the first time in the company's history the penny should be dropping that our ability to pivot on science is really in full flight so thank you to everybody on the team thank you thanks to everyone thank you very much you may now disconnect thank you