 Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everyone.
 Thank you for joining us to review Sonofi's 2021 fourth quarter and full year results.
 followed by a Q&A session.
 As usual, you can find the slides to this earnings call on the investment page of our website at www.sanafee.com.
 Moving to slide three, I would like to remind you that information presented in this call
 contain COVID-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
 that may cause actual results to differ materially.
 I refer you to our form 21 documents on file with the FTC and also our document d'Orvin
 We have an instrument universal for a description of the six techniques.
 Please advance.
 It's like four.
 Our features on the call today are Paul Hudson,
 chief executive officer, the Global Business Unit has
 Thomas Crion, Olivier Chermeille, and Julie Van Angelo, and Jean-Baptiste Chatillon,
 financial officer. For the Q&A you have two options to participate. Option one click
 the raise hand icon at the bottom of your screen or option 2 is to click your question by clicking
 the Q&A item at the bottom of the screen.
 Well, I'd like to turn the call over to Paul.
 Well, thank you ever and thanks to everyone for joining our call today
 It's a pleasure to be here and together with the members of the executive team to take
 you through the updates on our business and financial performance.
 You may have noticed that the visual change to our materials is more clear, it's more
 I want to emphasise that as part of the transformation, simply nothing is off the table, including
 have parts of the business are named or indeed presented.
 We're going forward, we'll be known as Kanopi across our businesses and we continue to work
 to raise the standards of disease treatment and prevention.
 Let's start and show the review.
 We've delivered a 7.1% sales growth this year,
 compared to 3.3% last year.
 to do fits and grill across all geographies
 Vaccines delivered another year of record influenza business with more than 2.6 billion
 and you are in silence.
 The contribution of our other GDUs has also been critical.
 assets we prioritize in our general medicine business who's 5.6 percent now
 to 5.8 billion euros together.
 And our consumer health business is catching up fast to close the gap with multi-quip.
 Bottom line, we delivered an EPS of 6.56% growing at 15.5% and continuing the song trend
 was set since 2019.
 where the gain improved our possibility with the BLI that now stands at 28.6 to CER.
 This is proven by both improved gross profitability given the growing specialty care in Germany
 core asset portfolios as well as our discipline and spending.
 But the things aren't the way we set our financial targets,
 allows us to keep adding to our early stage pipeline.
 I'll talk a little more about that in a few minutes.
 moving to 5.7 that is turned to our main transformation activities this year.
 You know?
 on acquisitions to strengthen our growth areas in immunology, oncology, and vaccines.
 perfect fit with our strategic priorities, as outlined at our Capital Markets Day in
 December 2019. We stay on the lookout for exciting business development
 opportunities, for example, our collaboration with BEYOND, which has a new generation checkpoint
 a little bit of top chemical pipeline.
 We also intend to unlock the potential of digital, data, and artificial intelligence
 in drug discovery and development.
 This is the rationale behind our partnerships with Oaken and Extentia, to help us further
 to accelerate for efforts in immunology and oncology.
 As we focus our efforts on building this sustainable pipeline, we're also taking action to reduce
 of complexity.
 Again, fully in line with our 2019 commitments.
 We have continued to divert brands from our established portfolio and moved more than
 50 countries to a distributor model.
 The standalone model for consumer health is about 80% complete and we started an ambitious
 program to reduce the number of consumer healthcare brands.
 The next major milestone for us this year will be the planned IPO of EuroAPI, which could
 create the second biggest HIO player in the world.
 Now, let's move to what is at the core of our play-to-win strategy, developing breakthrough
 the medicines and vaccines to improve people's lives.
 Let me give you a few highlights of what has been achieved over the past 12 months to advance
 party assets and beat
 beat industry benchmarks in R&D productivity.
 We delivered seven positive pivotal readouts last year.
 the seven map blocks are major scientific advancement in our effort to provide protection
 against RSC for all infants.
 We're about to begin global submissions one year ahead of our initial plan and we're
 getting ready to launch for the 2023 RSV season.
 The depiction has only begun to penetrate the large TAG-T patient population in Atopic
 Derm and Asthma.
 Last year,
 four additional indications delivered positive results.
 The year was also marked by eight major approvals for Dupixant, Liptire and Salteza, as well as
 next year's I'm in Pompey disease which presents our rare disease franchise R&D
 The engine achieved remarkable milestone this year, with ten molecules and two mechanical
 pipeline from in-house research. It's something that we have never achieved in
 the past. Our focus on three key therapeutic areas, immunology, oncology, and neurology
 is increasing.
 We're building an industry-leading immunology pipeline, and we've put our ox 40 ligand
 antibody and reteloma on the list of our priority assets, which allocates additional funding
 to allow accelerated development of the program.
 potential first-in-class and best-in-class treatment for a range of
 of new mediated diseases, starting with a topic, dermatitis.
 Wilbur Bruteness is in Phase 2 development as a potential oral treatment option filed
 an estimate and see if you are going to be open to soon.
 oncology keeps building with the Amsterdam first-line study a mirror five already fully recruited
 significantly earlier than planned, giving the high interest in the study from the investigative
 immediately.
 In addition, we entered broad-page two programs for our engineers expecting class into looking
 two star two four five and our first in class decam five antibody could come together to
 to explore and accelerate the development
 in areas of height and that need.
 In urology, our scientists are continuing to build the body of data, showing the impact
 of tolubrutinib on human microglia, which supports the thesis that this brain penitent
 molecule modulates neuroinflammatory processes directly within the central nervous system.
 We will share new and important data to Actrums
 just coming up shortly.
 We also have started, say, three developments
 of polybutanib for the treatment of myasthenia gravis,
 a chronic progressive neuromuscular disease that strikes more than 10,000 people each
 year in the US alone. Advancing to slide nine I want to highlight how we are
 strengths in the early stages of our clinical pipeline by adding 36 projects in one year.
 This speaks volumes about our commitment to build an industry-leading, sustainable pipeline
 with a steady stream of new assets that can transform the practice of medicine.
 2021 has also
 ...
 to mark the creation of our mRNA-central exans to accelerate the development of the
 next generation of vaccines, with the ambition to deliver a minimum of six clinical candidates
 by 2025.
 We shared with you the interim results of our first mRNA-monovated blustery and pivoted
 our platform to modify MRNA in record time.
 As we transform and modernize the company for the long term, the teams also keep delivering
 robust performance and creating value in the short term.
 Our Q4 program is a good reflection of this.
 In fact, this is a good reflection of this.
 This quarter marks the first time that the specialty care business has led our business
 units by sales.
 Keep growth drivers with specialty care.
 would you pick some?
 53% up compared to the same quarter last year.
 Our specialty pair pipeline has grown to 87 projects in phase 1 to 3, with 61 in our key
 therapeutic areas of oncology, immunology and neurology.
 So, with that, let's start with specialty care and build over to you.
 Thank you, Paul. It is indeed a very exciting milestone for specialty care to emerge as a
 the largest business unit of Finoke by sales in the last quarter.
 milestone validates our commitment to execute on our business priorities and to be a leader
 in innovative medicines that change patient's lives.
 The fourth quarter proved to be another remarkable period of growth for our specialty care franchises
 with 3.5 billion euros in sales of 21.3%.
 As mentioned by Paul earlier, eupycin, our truly transformative immunology mega-brand,
 delivered once again a stellar quarter
 with more than 1.5 billion years of sales.
 higher double-digit and high double-digit growth across all regions more about the brand performance in just a minute
 The double-digit growth of our oncology franchise in the quarter into the full year was mainly
 driven by the continued launch execution of Starclisa and Leptio in their respective
 key markets.
 Looking ahead, we are on a trajectory to exceed one billion year-old in sales and oncology
 this year.
 despite the continued decline of Geppana due to generic competition to the product in Europe.
 A rare disease business reported exceptionally strong fourth-quarter sales, up 9.5 percent,
 primarily by higher demand across the Pompeo, Dossier, and Brad Bray
 franchise.
 Notably, our Pompeii franchise reached blockbuster status in 2021, totaling more than 1 billion
 in your own global sales.
 We are making great progress in the U.S. uptake of next-view design, our recently-launched
 next-generation ERT for Pompey disease.
 We are actively working on establishing next design
 as the next standard of care in global markets.
 We obtained marketing approval in Japan in November
 and have launched there.
 In addition, we look forward to a number
 of potential approvals in 2022
 and continue to work toward approval in Europe from the ENA,
 where blood disorders franchise sales through 2.7%
 when excluding lower industrial sales facilities.
 Growth of the franchise in the fourth quarter
 was driven by Peblevi, mainly due to additional launches
 Europe and higher Alprolix sales in the U.S.
 Five-fourth-quarter sales of neurology and immunology were due to the performance of Kevzara,
 which grew...
 mainly because of the continued global demand for IL-6 receptor blockers and a temporary
 shortage of a competitor product, post-alive man.
 As a result, we expect the demand for Kevgar, which
 is indicated for patients with rheumatoid arthritis
 to remain strong in the coming months.
 The strong growth of Kevzarra was partially offset by anticipated tales of the climes of
 a-
 and Lantrata in the quarter.
 Now I'm moving to slide 13.
 2Pixens delivered another year of outstanding performance in 2021, driven by consistent,
 strong growth quarter after quarter in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets.
 Last year alone, he picked and added 1.7 billion euros
 of incremental sales to the top line,
 making it Finocchi's number one growth driver.
 Analyzing now at more than 6 billion euros in sales, we continue to believe that we are just at the beginning of the journey for this mega-brand.
 Over the last two years, the key contributors of consistent strong growth have been patient
 demand, the approval of new indications, and the expansion into younger patient populations.
 I'd like to remind you that Q4 to Q1 growth is commonly impacted in the U.S.
 do the patient-deductible reset.
 However, consistent, strong, underlined, demand,
 quarter over quarter has resulted in duplicity coming the number one newly prescribed biologic
 among each specialist we call on, including dermatologists,
 Allergists, Pulmonologists, and ENTs.
 Outside the U.S., China continues to represent a major growth opportunity, with more than
 and 30,000 adult patients treated to date.
 The launch is progressing strongly and according to our plans.
 depiction's growth opportunity in China is bolstered by the early NRDL listing, which
 was just extended by the authorities in China to include the 200 milligram dose, improving
 our access to the adolescent patient population.
 In a topic termitized specifically, we have been rapidly advancing our leadership as new
 entrance come to the market in the U.S., Europe, and Japan.
 We believe competition is the most important thing.
 can further raise awareness and help unlock our full market potential in A.B.
 Recent U.S. approvals of competitive AG treatment options have come with a significant delay
 and in some cases, safety concerns, which are reflected in their label.
 In line with our expectations, some new entrants
 have restricted indications of second-line systemic therapies, which can mean use that
 We believe this further reinforces depictions best in disease clinical profile, balancing
 rapid and sustained efficacy with proven long-term efficacy.
 This strengthens our position as first line therapy
 in the growing A.D. market.
 At the same time, we remain focused on delivering milestones for future growth, including the
 regulatory submissions of AD in children younger than six years old and in eosinophilic esophagitis.
 In asthma, we received a positive CHMP opinion for dupixin in patients as young as six years old.
 with a final decision expected by the European Commission
 the coming months. We are also excited about the recent Pivotal data readouts and prego
 nodularis, which I will discuss briefly on my next slide.
 On slide 14, the data points on the charts demonstrate impressively the consistent
 consistent benefit depiction has shown across two phase three trials, prime and prime two.
 These data confirm significant improvement in ish and the appearance of skin lesions
 in patients who are inadequately controlled with topical therapies, or for whom those
 therapies were not advisable.
 The Pivotal Data Readout is also confirming the potential benefit of targeting IELTS 4
 IELTS 13 as the central drivers of type 2 inflammation in this specific disease, adding
 yet another indication for depiction if approved.
 Importantly, data from the Prime and Prime II studies were consistent with the well-established
 safety profile I have depicted in already approved
 indications.
 We are very excited about the opportunity in pregionodularis, given the high end that need and lack of approved systemic therapies.
 we are on track to begin submission to regulatory agencies in the first half of this year.
 Moving to slide 15, I'd like to highlight two of our launch opportunities in 2022.
 Both new products exemplify our commitment to bring innovative treatments to the market
 and specialty care, addressing underserved and sometimes under-alterware diseases where
 that there are fewer, no-approved treatment options
 On the left side of the slide, we are eagerly expecting to obtain the FDA approval of the
 Timlamab with a boof-a-date tomorrow, February 5th.
 The Timlemab has been developed as the first truncant for cold glutinous or CAD and are
 Our plan is to begin launching the product in the U.S. through our existing rare blood
 disorder's business operations.
 A rollout of launches is planned for Japan later this year and in key European markets
 beginning in 2023.
 On the right side of the slide, the upcoming launch of Alipidae's Alpha underscores our
 unwavering commitment to delivering innovative therapies for the rare disease patient's
 Once approved, ellipidase will be the first and only therapy
 for pediatric and adult patients living with non-CNS manifestations of acid single myelonate
 deficiency or ASMD, a rare disease that robs quality of life for patients and their families
 and also increases the risk of premature death.
 The Pinnacle Development Program for Illypidase has demonstrated part of the results in two
 separate clinical trials in adult and pediatric patients.
 Data from the Ascend and Phase-to-Ascend-Peach trial evaluating ellipidate alpha served as the basis for regulatory violence.
 Turning to slide 16.
 Apple.
 Our uniquely engineered factor rate has the potential to revolutionize factor treatment for hemophilia-aid patients,
 pending successful completion of our ongoing phase 3 trial.
 EFA is designed to maintain high factor levels for much longer than all currently marketed
 its factor replacement therapies.
 product profile aims at providing sustained protection at near normal factor levels for
 most of the week, helping patients enjoy normal levels of physical activity.
 coupled with a low-treatment burden
 of a once weekly dose.
 Considering the winning combination of convenience with weekly dosing, therapeutic activity with
 unmatched factor levels and a safety profile in line with other factor
 after it has the potential to become the factors therapy of choice.
 significantly improving quality of life for hemophilia A patients.
 the potential to capture a significant share of the global $5 billion factor class market.
 We see high commercial opportunity for Senoki Territories U.S. and Japan addressing patients
 already non-factor therapy, and expect a rapid uptake once approved.
 We also believe that this is a non-factor therapy, and we expect a rapid uptake once
 that FSS profile would be competitive against non-factor treatments, unlocking additional
 opportunities by converting a portion of the non-factor patient population to safe factors
 treatment. While we are still waiting to see the safety of the patient,
 We are looking for data.
 we are looking forward to sharing the pivotal results with you, which we expect at the end of Q1.
 With that, I hand over to Thomas to update you on the vaccine business.
 Thank you, Bill.
 for a person with a vaccine.
 generate its significant sales of 2 billion euros,
 including the strong increase in flu cells in Europe,
 as well as those reported by your TPH and travel franchises.
 the lower GPU sales that was last year,
 We are mainly due to the U.S. influence on the market.
 that's two vectors combined.
 first.
 Alun
 rate due to the priority given to COVID-19 vaccination in November and December.
 And second, a record for achievement in the third quarter leading to a 55-45% split for the 2-3-2-4 period.
 The U.S. performance was partially upset by the strong Q40 men in other geographies, especially
 Europe where FRLDA was very successfully launched.
 The PCH franchise, recording a strong cross-quadro growth,
 This ties lower birth rates around the world.
 mostly driven by pent-acting personments in China.
 Finally, we are also pleased to see some recovery of the travel franchise, even though we are
 from the pre-pandemic level.
 Of note, on a full-year basis, despite the pandemic environment, all side-vaccine franchises
 have demonstrated growth in 2021 compared to 2020.
 illustrating again the robustness of our vaccine business.
 Next slide please.
 On the next slide, let's look at our record flow performance in 2021, with a 6% growth over last year's record.
 On the next chart, you can see that the impact from the U.S. market contraction was more
 and compensated by the strong performance of Europe and the rest of the world.
 Let me be very clear, the U.S. sales reduction has nothing to do with our product's performance.
 So V-19 boosters were given the priority by retailers and as care providers and as a result,
 The total number of U.S. food has been injected this season decreased by 17 percent, despite
 that challenging environment.
 Clues on IDOS continue to expand market share and gain 3.5 points here in the senior segment in the U.S.
 In Europe, the stronger fuel-dynamic addition in Germany, the navel has to reach the spectacular
 at 64% growth following the positive sticker recommendation.
 I'm glad to report that for the first season, three out of four
 in your citizens has benefited from a fuel that has demonstrated protection beyond flow.
 The right graph shows the continuous progress as of different times.
 improvement of sales in 2021 were driven by our differences through vaccines.
 thanks to the proven ability to protect the game.
 cardiovascular events, and against pneumonia hospitalization.
 for the first time ever, our differentiated two states,
 represented the majority of annual sales.
 indicating that the importance of providing protection
 be on flu.
 the reason it's well with extremist equities.
 I'm confident that our flu franchise will continue to go in 2022 and that this year we'll
 here, no very recorded here.
 With that, I'll hand over to you.
 Thank you, Thomas.
 Moving to General Melton on slide 19, we are encouraged by our performance in the first
 The execution of our strategy continues to deliver our plan and the focus on our core
 as consistently generated positive results in recent quarters.
 In the fourth quarter, General Manchin sales with 3.4 billion euros, which included sales
 come in the future first.
 core asset grew 2.1 percent and were up as much as 4 percent when excluding the effect
 of private sales to Reginald in the U.S., which ended at the end of 2020.
 draw double-digit growth for both flimtac and silicone in the quarter while
 Automatic growth of 7.5% was accelerated by the strong performance in China, where the
 The product is already included in the volume-based procurement program for the second year and
 Generated growth of 28% in the period.
 we are very happy about the performance.
 Rallions sales increased by 36% excluding U.S. sales to Regeneron in the fourth quarter
 of too old to quench it.
 Outstanding growth of the brand was particularly due to its performance in Europe, where it
 was really simply relaunched in Germany. As I lighted during the previous earnings course,
 Lovin' up scales were slightly down. This is mainly due to the high base for comparison in the fourth quarter of 2020,
 which follows the introduction of the WHO guidelines
 of the treatments of hospitalised COVID-19 patients, as well as some supply limitations.
 Our leading transplant contract was strengthened by the consolidation of our new product-addition
 starting on November 9th.
 As you look at it,
 20 million euros of savings
 in the quarter. I will provide more detail on this exciting launch on my next slide.
 In China, Salafi participated in the VG program for Insulin in November.
 We are very proud of the results in the Balazval Insulin Category with Lantus N2.0.
 Sonofi was the only multinational company among the winners in Category A, which is a
 the product category that will receive most of the hospital volume allocations.
 Now, glass in front side remain broadly stable in the quarter, supported by 2.0 and this
 part...
 the price and inventory adjustment in China in anticipation of the implementation of the
 insulin DBP, which is expected in the first half of 2022.
 Sales and non-term assets were lower in the quarter, in line with our expectations.
 The decline of 7.6% deflected the impact of product diveture, which are key to our ongoing
 and strategic team-lining efforts.
 We are vigorously reducing the number of snow products
 families with the objective to drive efficiencies and increase profitability.
 Moving now to slide 20.
 For the full year 2021, General Medicine sales reached 14.2 billion euros, which included
 sales from industry affairs totaling 880 million euros.
 Importantly, our core assets were up 5.6%
 This performance translates into growth of 7.6% when excluding the impact of praliant
 stages to regenerate in the U.S.
 Across our brands, love it love.
 of high rents when excluding U.S. sales, Soliqua,
 and our established brand in the transform business,
 Time of globulin and mozogil benefit double digit growth into a 21.
 the performance of our core effect in 2021,
 Rainforests are confident to deliver on our distance to grow our co-facets,
 nip-sync nip-sync the digits that are over the period of 220 to 225.
 For 2022, we expect another year of strong performance
 of our core as it.
 Despite the high base of comparison in 221 for Lovinox,
 We expect sales of lovin' up in 2022 to be close to the level of 2021.
 Our well-established, constant handshine
 is expected to continue the drill start.
 Thanks for watching.
 as the launch execution on reservoir.
 So, you know what?
 is also set to continue its broad trajectory, supported by differentiated clinical profiles.
 Leveraging the containing solimix data, soliqua is well poised for the concentration with
 the industry and the key markets.
 We are also very excited by the anticipated approval of Saliqua in China, later this year.
 In China, the winning position of our Babel insulin products
 and 2.0 in Category A of DDT, will enable us to deliver significantly higher volumes
 but at lower price.
 With the pricing effect in mind, we expect our total glove in sales to zero and notice
 to decrease by around 33.0% in 2022 in China.
 Looking ahead, we aim to establish 2.0 as the buzzer in solenoid choice in the large
 targeted market in China and expect to make to zero an important growth driver for our
 business in China in 2, 3, 2, and 0.
 Our non-corrected performance in 2021 reflects the impact from the progress we are making
 without portfolio streamlining efforts.
 As discussed earlier, we continue to reduce the number of non-strategic plain product
 families. In summary, our 2021 achievements give us confidence in our ability to deliver
 on our commitment to stabilize sales by 2025 as compared to the 2020 base and to maintain
 in general medicine, DOI margin accretive for the group over the 220-225 period.
 Now, moving to CADmon on slide 221, let's discuss the value proposition of this important
 transaction for Sanofi and our transplant business.
 The acquisition was completed in November and represents a strong fit with our strategy.
 Cadmon's T-asset was approved in the U.S. last summer and received in quality markets
 feedback as I like it on the slide.
 I'll see you guys next time.
 already reached 96% in 80 centres and more than 500 patients have been treated to date.
 As we share on our last earning course,
 Adjuva is the first in charge treatment for adults and pediatric patients 12 years and
 and older with chronic gastrointestinal disease, who have failed at these two parallel lines
 the systemic therapy.
 prevalence is roughly 14,000 patients in the U.S. with fairly being the current standard
 of care in front line CGEHT treatment.
 We estimate that 5,000 to 7,000 patients in the U.S.
 who are treated with steroids fail on their therapy and require additional treatment.
 In the slightly more than four months in the U.S. lunch,
 Regirov generated sales of 44 million euros, of which 20 million were consolidated by San
 and no feeding the acquisition.
 Going forward, we plan on accelerating the geographic expansion.
 We will continue to leverage our transparent expertise
 to maximize reservoir gross potential.
 capitalizing on our long-standing relationship with the Transpan community.
 In conclusion, we are excited about these innovative new products of Sanofi and come
 firms of the carbon acquisition will be slightly accretive in 2022.
 With that, I hand over the call to Julie.
 Thank you.
 It's been years since we've presented our strategic priorities with the goals to grow our
 priority grants of those market growths as early as 2022 in key geographies.
 That's her to report that today.
 we're ahead of that commitment.
 Indeed, in 2020, we were losing share and we were trending about five points below market
 growth. The latest market data shows that we have closed this gap in November on a rolling
 12 months.
 We are at
 This despite our absence in custom cold and physical wellness categories in the U.S.
 and mainly driven by our priority categories
 in key geographies daily share.
 These results show that the execution
 of our three strategic priorities
 to drive our business is starting to pay off.
 On our first priority of cutting and embracing complexity,
 we've been able to increasingly focus on our key brands and geographies.
 thanks to our simplification efforts.
 We have divestments and prunes.
 111 non-programs.
 a reduction of 40% of our total number of friends.
 which represents less than the point and a half of our sales.
 We've also reduced our trademarks by 50%, our domain names by 30%, and our continuous
 working on simplifying our processes and ways of working.
 At the same time, we have embraced the complexity
 of our multi-local brands by reallocating investments
 to brands with the biggest growth potential in market share gains.
 on our second strategic priority to become a true fast-moving consumer health
 services.
 The creation of our standalone is a key neighbor, and we're on track.
 80% of our legal entities are now lies.
 And we integrated key functions like industrial spheres,
 all times related functions and supply chain under one roof.
 The success of this is twofold.
 First, a significant increase in agility in reaction to market
 consumer needs.
 Custom called is a good example where we were able to quickly size the opportunity of the market rebound in Q4,
 resulting in market share gain in appropriate November,
 including China, this is the first in four years.
 In addition, as mentioned earlier,
 It has helped us to revisit our ways of working.
 and adapt them to the specificities of the fast-moving consumer health care business.
 For example, in consumer engagement, digital marketing, or speed of innovation.
 The big...
 The focus has also been to strengthen our brand equities and campaigns, beyond if you're
 signed in place of our parts, which we are ready to deliver.
 on a third priority to build our digital and data edge.
 The creation of our stand-alone here again has given us the opportunity to revisit and
 and build fundamentals with a strong focus on e-commerce,
 Brandkite, THC-specific CRM and third-party management systems, and data-driven A&P and
 of patient toes.
 regarding our RX2OTC switches.
 Both programs continue to progress despite the pandemic.
 The team is actively working on the projects,
 and we continue to execute critical studies
 in accelerated session.
 for a few hours in the U.S.
 have completed the self-selection studies,
 and results have been submitted to FDA,
 along with the protocol for an actual use term.
 No erectile dysfunction.
 Our X2OTC switch project has gone this far.
 We are now waiting for the FJC's back in order to proceed.
 For TEMISU, we're evaluating the status of the current flu season to determine its current
 studies can progress.
 In the meantime, we have accelerated all studies that can be done without the presence of disease to keep the pace.
 On those programs, we should be able to share more next quarter.
 Turning to page 23, when looking at net sales performance, we have delivered 5.6% growth in Q4.
 Our organic growth is even higher with 7% growth in Q4 when excluding the impact of digusting.
 These results are driven by three factors.
 First, the progress we've made on the introduction of our strategic priorities, as mentioned earlier.
 Secondly, we benefit us from the market rebound in categories like dust and cold,
 And lastly, we also benefited from COVID destinations specifically in pancreas.
 We will continue to focus our efforts to further deliver in our three strategic priorities
 that have proven to be working
 with the ambition to build a true fast-moving consumer
 healthcare business and be a part of the market.
 And let me rev up by saying how much I am enjoying working with the team, driving the
 see if she doesn't have to go.
 And with that, I hand it over to our CSO's on that side.
 Thank you, Julie. Let me start by highlighting some strong proof points for Sanofi transformation in 2021.
 First, we managed to increase full-year gross margin by 120 bits to 71.3 percent.
 This improvement is linked to the growing self-contradiction of our brains in special
 here on higher margin vaccine products.
 And this is also the result of efficiency measures and manufacturing, which typically
 require
 a longer lead time before they become attracted to margin and are now starting to come soon.
 As I said before, we are committed to continuing this trend of gross margin improvement.
 Second, we manage our effect in 2021 effectively and without disrupting the strong growth momentum.
 successfully controlled the increase in effects on managing them to grow slower than sales,
 which was possible as a result of our rigorous prioritization.
 as before, we reinvested the vast majority of efficiencies generated during the period.
 Finally, let me just comment on another proof point of our transformation head sound.
 When I took on the chief role in 2018, the company employed around 100 or 5,000 employees worldwide.
 If you're doing transformation to work with a more giant organization,
 We are now in a new phase with, approximately, 96,000 globally.
 Don't we continue to change our ways of working? We are embracing digital change,
 two-lining our post for you.
 and collaborating with partners in Joe Gretchen's
 to balance a reduced infrastructure
 while improving access to our machines.
 For this task, we expect to end the year with a headcount closer to 90,000,
 resetting a more efficient organization.
 This would represent the 15% one-side lower headcount
 as compared to 2018, and would include the successful IQO of your API on the existing plans.
 I'll try 26, turning now to the full TML for the fourth quarter.
 Company sales increased 4.1% at ER, driven by excellent growth of the descent on other
 especially to care for size as well as consumer health.
 business operating income grew 6.9% at CER.
 verifying some improvements at those marking levels which were driven by the favorable
 for the sheets of specialty care products on efficiencies within industrial affairs.
 In the fourth quarter, we add in to an increase compared to last year with the margin improving
 200,000 on 30,000 points.
 30 years grew 9.8% at CR, benefiting from a slightly lower tax rate of 20.5.
 3527. We have achieved around 2.4 billion of cumulative settings of which 2.1 were approved
 of exefficiency that is depicted by the bright purple boxes from the decline.
 In addition, we realize an incremental $300 million in cost reduction over the last two
 to use.
 Specifically, we achieved our target of 500 million savings in R&D due to prioritization
 or specialty cure on the disease in diabetes and cardiovascular.
 In addition, lasting efficiencies were generated
 by consolidating function across sides,
 including our trials logistic.
 reducing cycle times through advances in data on digital coupled with more agile governance.
 GenMod has been successful in reducing the complexity of its business, focusing on key markets,
 Only for you, man.
 of the Uniball Goods Market Model.
 GNA, across all areas of Sanofi, contributed 500 million of savings over the last two years
 driven by smart spending initiatives, real estate efficiencies,
 the preferred supplier model on digitalization.
 infamory
 We remain on track to achieve our target of 2.5 billion setting by end of 2022.
 Most of these services are again earmarked to be reallotated to send out ghost drivers
 some key programs in R&D.
 We'll see you in the next session, and we briefly comment on our strongly-increased
 In fact, with double free cash flows in 2018, we have focused on improved business performance
 unchanging working capital.
 Even though strong improvement in pre-cash flow in recent years, we were able to achieve our 2019
 teams have some marked the day objective of the weakest
 I guess we'll increase the program 50%.
 one year ahead of schedule.
 On slide 29, we maintain our objective to continue some of this annual dividend policy,
 which is reflected is the fact that the company has consistently increased its dividend payments
 for the past 27 years.
 As a result of Sanofi's performance in 2021, we announced that the board has proposed
 of 3.033 cents, a growing dividend remains an important element of our textual allocation.
 But it works behind our organic investments on business development in our priorities.
 On slide 13, we provide an outlook
 are helping expected business dynamics across sales and expenses.
 For the 15th of the last part of this slide, you can see expected drivers of sales across
 our GVU's including the continuation of strong growth from the victim, record flu season on
 and maintain business momentum for the core products of consumer health and general health.
 As communicated before, we expect Consumer House priority bonds to go above market in
 Thank you.
 resulting in growth of the entire business,
 but only progressively new in market rates.
 At the same time, we also force the overall TVU cells
 in the net to stabilize.
 the U.S.P.A.A.
 of certain party cells that kill in people
 And upon the planned URI IPO 10 met sales will be reduced by that amount going forward.
 On the right part of the slide, we expect gross margin to continue to improve useful
 product needs some efficiency.
 I will make sensors.
 expected to continue to grow in line with our strategy, as we keep slimlining our gen-med
 and CHC business expect to generate around 500 million in capital gains throughout 2022.
 We estimate that our 2022 ETR, effective tax rate,
 to be around 19 percent, 1 in 9,
 even the evolution of our products on geographic mix.
 This estimate is based, of course, on current tax legislation.
 So on my final slide, slide 31, we expect fully up to 32 business EPS to grow in the
 loadable digits at CER.
 on our way to achieve our 2022 financial targets,
 We also guide to a BLI margin of 30% for the year.
 On foreign exchange, we see a positive currency impact
 of 2 to 3 persons based on generally other resistance rates.
 With 9.3 ETS growth in 2020 and 15.5 ETS growth in 2021, we are on track for a
 for a third year of double digit or near double digit TPS growth.
 I don't know as if they're called back to court.
 Well, thanks, Shabee.
 We expect 2022 is going to be another busy year
 with important development.
 Excuse me, my offense.
 priority molecules and other pipeline programs.
 We're looking forward to the results of four pivotal studies, including Amsterdam, in
 and second and third line metastatic breast cancer, as well as the phase three results
 So that's an instructor called Alpha in him for you.
 To read out a bupixon in chronic cold and use of the carrier may add another dimensological
 indication addressing a population of 25,000 patients in the U.S. alone.
 We also anticipate making further important
 in terms of trial decisions, especially in oncology and vaccines.
 Moving to slide 34 and to ESG, you may remember that our social impact strategy was approved
 by the snooki board a little more than a year ago.
 Our renewed concept of society is fully aligned and embedded with our business strategy and
 We make good progress across all our four pillars.
 Today I would like to highlight some achievements in the area of affordable access.
 The mission of the Sanofi Global Health Unit we created last year is to increase access
 to essential medicines and some of the world's poorest countries in the era of malaria, TV
 and non-communicable diseases who have increased both the number of patients who reach and
 the number of countries.
 Sonofia is committed to helping 1,000 patients living with rare diseases who have no access
 to treatment. We donated again more than 100,000 vials in 2021. This bill is on a 30-year
 humanitarian commitment to patients suffering from rare diseases such as
 discovery, co-shaping, and pumpating diseases.
 Moving to slide 35, as we looked into the 2022 calendar,
 we will update you every quarter
 on our new initiatives happening across the four pillars of our ESG strategy.
 this quarter, who wants to put the focus on access.
 proud to announce the partnership with Mekronik Labs and the launch of a multi-country, multi-year
 collaboration in the fields of non-communicable diseases. Together, we will leverage physical
 health and a community-based approach to improve disease awareness, diagnosis, and
 management of diabetes and hypertension in strong collaboration with health system partners.
 The public health burden of NTDs is staggering, with 35 million deaths globally, of which
 28 million for care in low to middle income countries every year this project will contribute
 which is strengthened in health systems as they build towards universal health coverage
 and sustainable development goals.
 On my final slide, let me touch on some planned events in the first half of this year.
 As mentioned, we expect to have further toilet-brookened data presented,
 Actors.
 and we'll organise a virtual event around this.
 Invite will be sent out shortly.
 We also found friendly dates on our immunology pipeline, including dupexant in late March.
 As part of this update, we will revise upward our peak sales potential for this medicine.
 We are currently finalising our plans for an event focused on ESG that we hope can
 take place in the June, July 10th. Well, let's open the pool now for June 8th.
 You will not open the car to your questions.
 We would like to ask you to limit the questions to each so we can call up a number of the
 You have two options to participate.
 Click the raise hand icon at the bottom of your screen.
 you will be notified when your line is open to ask the questions.
 At that time, please make sure you unmute your microphone.
 or option 2, submit your question by clicking the Q&A icon at the bottom of the screen and your question will be read out.
 Can we now have the quick question?
 Yes, the first question comes from Yimar Kapadia from Bernstein, Yimar.
 Oh, great. Thank you very much for taking my questions with me, Michael Bader from Bernstein.
 So first, can I just ask on the U.S. flu business, you know, decline year-on-year,
 Thomas, you flagged a 17% market contraction in volumes.
 So could you just provide a bit more color on your expectations
 for the volume value mix for the U.S. in 22.
 And what was the level of coverage in 21?
 Well, that actually below historical pre-COVID levels.
 So should we be getting a nice bounce in coverage in 2022, specifically to the U.S.?
 And then my second question is just on the AUX 40.
 No, we haven't.
 That's a no.
 No.
 data last year, or last 40 program, which is now a priority asset. Just curious how
 you're thinking about targeting the ox 40 versus the ox 40 ligand and I love to
 you know, how you think about the duration of effect, but in given looking at Amgen's
 I've looked a lot of compelling on that front.
 Have you seen anything from your own asset
 suggesting a similar efficacy profile with time?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Vimal.
 Great questions.
 Thank you very much, Viman.
 read across to 22. Thank you very much Vimal, indeed you understood very well but the US
 situation in 2021 was a very specific U.S. situation with minus 17 on the overall volume
 for the U.S. and what that means that it was lower than 2019. Very specific to the U.S.
 again, as you've seen from the other markets, and completely linked to the
 COVID-19 specifications. You know very well that there was a lot of confusion with different
 indications being licensed at the same time and a lot of discussions on the
 So, definitely, we don't see that as a play moving forward for 2022 because, of course,
 If you end up being in 2021 with the U.S. vaccine coverage below 2019,
 that gives room for growth.
 So we are very confident about 2022.
 We expect to see both volume and value increase in the U.S.
 and that's as good as you are.
 give you an example, and I think it's a good illustration of what was happening in the
 U.S. or flu in 2022. I think everybody has understood that there needs to be some fixes
 on the U.S. to cover it, and CMS, as very interesting,
 decided to increase the flu vaccine administration fee from $17 to $30 per dose for the season
 and it's going to do it.
 So, I think there's going to be a strong CDC understanding as well as a strong
 to make sure that 2022 is very different from 2021.
 And that's why we're expecting the record to see them
 overall for Sanofi Pasteur and indeed an increase of flu in the U.S. in 2022-21.
 Thank you. Thank you so much.
 to hear from some of your vaccines.
 John Reed, Oxford Yligand, I think the question from Burma is about duration and efficacy
 and maybe you have some thoughts on tolerability as well.
 Yeah, I think it was about Oxfordy the Receptor versus Oxfordy the Ligand.
 And we prefer the ligand because it is induced on
 Interpreting cells, so its quantity in the body is less, whereas Ox40 is more heavily
 expressed on a constituent basis and can, you know,
 meaning that you're going to have to dose higher to neutralize it.
 But more importantly, I think, than that is the fundamental difference in the mechanisms
 of our molecule amylatellumab coming from the chynavacquisition versus the curin antibody
 that MGM has accessed.
 The Kerin-slice engine antibody is a depleting molecule that actually kills the cells that
 Express Aux 40, whereas we have a non-depleting antibody
 that modulatox 40 is the pathway.
 The downside of depleting is that both affector T cells, which are, you know, contributing
 to the autoimmunity, but also regulatory T-cells that we need for suppressing autoimmunity
 express arts 40. So over time you'd have the risk of depleting those necessary
 regulatory T-cells with an depleting mechanism.
 So we feel that in terms of long-term safety
 and durability of the effects that I'm non-depleting,
 antibody targeting the ligand
 is really a superior way to go.
 Thank you John, gonna do more.
 Next question.
 The next question will come from Richard Botter at JD Morning Richard.
 Thanks very much for taking my question.
 Two questions, please.
 on flu as well. Just could you talk about your manufacturing capacity and
 supply and how that will develop and and the demand that you might see for high
 goes beyond Germany in Europe and then second question there's clearly been
 quite a lot of interest for consumer assets early on this year. Does that lead you to
 change or accelerate any of your plans for the consumer business going forward.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks, Richard.
 First of all, I'll compliment Tom and the team on what they've done with the Hydros launch
 particularly this year and remotely and incredibly in Germany.
 So the question is the pie and beyond.
 Thank you Richard, definitely no concern at all on U.S. or non-U.S. food supplies.
 We are very confident, you know very well that last year we've added a new through building
 in sweetwater, you know also that we are further investing into addition to the NIDOS and TGN
 for the mid to long term with the Canada plant.
 So we're really moving forward on that and feeling very confident and satisfied from this year.
 Of course, as every single year, we are always receiving the northern hemisphere season as
 at the end of February and at the end of the Q2 call, usually, we take that moment at the
 critical to make a little bit of an update on supply and phasing for Q3, Q4.
 It becomes a demand, as you've already said,
 the San Francisco team had done very strongly.
 this year in Germany.
 We expect this to be a good year for Germany.
 further growth. There is room to go in Germany. When it comes to other markets in Europe,
 We are going to introduce in 2022 a couple of new markets in Europe, but you know very
 very well when it comes to vaccine and flu introduction, it's about having preferential
 recommendation is a button in reimbursement. So we'll start new countries in Europe with
 until we have the right reimbursement in place and then we will provide the supply.
 Thank you. Thank you, Thomas.
 The consumer question, you know, I think a dot where you're heading, which is, I think,
 thing for us with your back to what we said, Capital Narciss Day December 2019. We thought
 We thought we could grow pasture and we were growing, we thought we could carve in increased
 agility, accelerate growth, make better choices, prioritize, leverage e-commerce, and run fast
 all the way to the switches, and I think shooting the team was an incredible job frankly, I'm
 doing that, and we're really delighted with the progress we've made.
 We know a lot happens outside with other companies
 different things but we know the choices that we made back in 19 and we're
 I'm very happy with how things are performing.
 Okay, next question.
 The next question will be from Louisa Hector at Beerenberg, Louisa.
 Hello, thank you for taking my question. Possibly for JD, but you mentioned the headcount reduction.
 production. I just wondered if you can give us an update on the EuroAPI spin time-in gating
 items. And then also on price margins, so clearly very good progression, so you're working
 very hard on this and it's tearing off. Can you guide us to whether to think about the
 continued improvement through 2023, when a barrier generics provides. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Thank you, Louisa.
 You always get the fun ones, so maybe there's your API question there.
 It was partly related to headcount.
 later to head count you may want to go tiny bit broader and then of course goes
 larger than what we get from that.
 Yeah, so, basically, in the journey to transform, we have the new business model of parity in some countries commercially,
 But we have also this API activity, which is the leader in its field.
 And the project here is announced for H1 2022.
 We are on course to do this.
 So, yeah, I've planned the results.
 We're looking forward to making that family next one.
 on the Gloss Margin.
 So, yeah, effectively, we've done it on 21.
 are guiding again on improvements. On the midterm, I won't make a gross margin guidance
 But is there something which is a strong element you have to keep in mind?
 If that's on our main asset duplicant, we are going to have quite a transformative
 in terms of cost, which should really help us to neutralize any price erosion we could
 have, because we are looking at implementing new manufacturing processes that will deliver
 strongly in terms of cost improvement.
 So that's a GOP.
 Thank you. And, Elise, you didn't ask, but I'm glad you asked the questions because,
 you know, there's a huge amount of work, you know, while we're advancing the pipeline
 programs in early development, the six acquisitions.
 I think what does get missed out of our discussion a little bit occasionally is the fundamental
 work that's going to need to re-open the company.
 the right size in the temperature, of course, but more importantly, you know, we're having
 up here in the first half of this year at the same time we're carving in a consumer business
 And all these things were outperforming whilst doing them, whilst delivering on the stage
 and the overall financial performance and the commitments we made to distribute the
 So, you know, we really feel like, you know, the level of unscathed transformation that
 happening here.
 not fully understood, and it's okay, but it's extensive.
 So maybe next question.
 Yes, next question will come from Simon.
 Summary method the x-same
 final
 Thank you for taking my questions and loving the new branding by the way. The first question
 My question is as you could do really, you know, you've given guidance to the 19th and
 That's right, the 2020s to do, if you look at consensus in Al Tia,
 So I'm assuming that the effect is quite high, just wondering if you can potentially
 comment on the sustainability of this tax rate or how we should maybe, you know,
 the reason for our expectations there.
 And then the second one, it's just on the picture.
 Thank you for the updated timeframe with respect to guidance.
 I mean, I think it's clear you blow everything out of the water in terms of safety and efficacy
 in esophageal and typhus.
 appreciate it for the day so maybe could you comment on any impact with your
 being or that you expect to see with the recent launch of Tidecatide in severe asthma and
 feedback that you might be getting from physicians.
 Thank you.
 Okay, well, thank you for the kind words on the branding.
 you know, for those that haven't followed it closely, you know, it is the original font
 some of birth in 1973 and it's also an opportunity for us to be a little bit more disruptive
 and unified the company as well at the same time. So I'm glad that it's recognized, I
 I think it's more dynamic thanks in respect to the comments I made earlier and just to
 transformation is happening here. And for that high energy question to tax John
 Thank you very much, yeah. It's a nice train on our effective tax rate, 200 bits, but
 Effectively, as I said in my previous speech, it's really something which is dependent
 of further changes in the taxi decision.
 We have strict rule of good trends,
 I'll just say that the underlying tax rates
 It's like a screen at 19 and 20.
 But as we speak, I don't know what could be the political impact of the truth, of changes,
 of taxation in some of the regions like the US.
 So, yeah, a good trend with the trend is a big chunk of it linked to our business on
 which is going positively, but that could be disturbed in the midterm by other changes
 in other regions.
 Thank you, J.B.
 Thanks also for the compliments on Duke Pixon, which is, you know, a frankly incredible
 performance.
 led by Bill, and it seems that Bill comments about new entrants and early signals.
 Yeah, well, thank you for the question, you know none of the new entrants are a surprise for one thing
 And we've been planning on these.
 We've been waiting, in some cases, extended waits for the jacks,
 because they were almost a year away.
 And while it's new competition in the US,
 We've had these competitors that have already launched in Germany and on their way in Japan
 as well.
 were certainly used to them. And I think the one thing that they do is they really reinforce
 to serve Gaston disease clinical profile that we have.
 You know, just go back to the biology.
 targeting IL-4 and IL-13 that is fundamental to type 2 inflammation, and no other product
 has been able to show the profile that we have in any of the type 2 diseases and there's
 And I'm clearly starting with a topic dermatitis where we are the leader now, asthma as well,
 You know, the profile, again, we think is the talk,
 best profile that is in ASL and we're, you know, can really have very promising signs
 all around the world of our ability to compete and win in the Agnes space.
 Just one comment, you know, as we have competition come into the Atopic Dermatitis Market, it
 It actually helps to serve to grow the market, grow awareness of atop the dermatitis, etc.
 And, you know, as we've had competitors launch in other countries, like in Germany and Japan,
 we have seen market expansion.
 So that's what we expect.
 That's part of our aspiration to have a 25% to 30%
 advanced therapy penetration in atopic dermatitis over time.
 That's one of the contributors.
 But the one thing that's clear is that we are on top.
 We remain on top and we believe being best in disease,
 We will stay on time.
 So, sorry, can I, can I have a policy experience, Rob?
 I think I said to the left side, I've got it on my right, and I've got a touch of Palomar in the U.S.
 Is there any other feedback you could share?
 Yeah, no, there's really nothing that we're saying. It's still very early. You know, we're saying we're staying
 with the trends that we've seen.
 Yeah, just to add a couple of points of those, which is, you know, I think we're going to
 have to go back to that.
 I think the assumption is always that there is some game.
 You know, say with the Jacks for example,
 the baggage and you know with the 13s it's half the answer missing the four. So, you
 you know, and you know that most of these mechanisms have failed in at least one of the indications
 that DUP has already approved. And Tessie would probably be in that box too, I think it will
 an AD if I remember correctly.
 So we're, on one hand, we're the only medicine that will play in every indication.
 On the other hand, as Bill said, I think it's missed every time.
 a little bit of competition to help drive up penetration of advanced therapies is absolutely
 essential and those comments about Germany should not be underestimated because, you
 We obviously will carry the education of these disease areas, but it's good that others
 want to come in and try and do that. So when you grow markets, when you're the market leader,
 It's a very healthy place for us to be on the health of patients.
 Okay, any other questions, please?
 Next question will be from Brian Perry at Bengalf America.
 Graham?
 Great. Nice taking my questions. So congratulations on getting an hour's to call
 without a mirror of three questions,
 I'm afraid I'm going to break that.
 So just wondering, have you accrued all events now and in-base a lot, and so we salon for
 if you want a readout on that study.
 And the elicesterate result, things like some concern
 in the market that also does only show benefits in BFR-1,
 patient who are obviously more rare in the front line setting and I think that's
 some pessimism around, you know, the potential in front line.
 So that's if you could just address that point.
 And then secondly, a question on M&A, you've done a lot of smaller pipeline deals of late.
 Obviously, biotech evaluations have fallen somewhat at the moment, so there is a weakness
 that you're seeing in biotech privacy, you've seen more value and opportunity perhaps to
 build out further in oncology where I think if you kind of liked it, it's still a key
 target.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Graham. I didn't hear the first part of your question. So, oh, right. It's in the mirror three question
 Thank you for raising it, so I'm going to toss it to John, John if you've heard it, it was,
 you know, the competition should more effort, I think, in the ESR mutation, and so what's
 is a cost for us and where are we on database slot and we're putting it in Q1.
 Right, right. Okay, Graham, thank you. In terms of the activity of R-SERD on wild-type versus mutant
 estrogen receptor. We're fully active on both, whereas the contegra molecule is better on
 the mutants and on the wildtide so that's not at all a liability for us and so it is
 one of the differentiators of our molecule and one of the many factors that we think
 gives it a best-in-class profile along with the
 the
 colorability.
 You know, we expect to have the data this quarter with respect to Mira3 and the late-line
 I'm also pleased to report we're fully enrolled now in the front line study in combination
 of the CDK46 inhibitor and that are at first of our
 and studies is now open for enrollment.
 So we're making a good progress across the spectrum
 from early to late line in each of these indications
 where we think ancestral has a strong value proposition
 for women with home underceptor positive breast cancers.
 Thank you, John. So, categorically, Graham results in Q1.
 Okay, J.B., I'm in line.
 Yeah, well, some sort of question, but I do think that our main activity is not related
 related to the peak and soft of the valuation of a biotech. It's much more dependent on
 on the delivery of our R&D team and John is counting for the right asset, which is really
 sitting with our strategy, really sitting with our TAs,
 So, no specific impact from the current level of evolution.
 It will be a calm down, but we are still on for both on acquisitions, of course.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 expression will be from Tim Anderson at Wolff.
 Tim, your question please.
 Thank you.
 a couple of questions.
 So, going back to World Third,
 We'll be getting two readouts this year from two similarly designed trials later like
 Press your trial and then press this trial.
 All companies claim that's in class.
 Do you think these upcoming data sets would help prove which company is right and which
 company is wrong, making that claim, will that not become clearer until we get a
 additional trod readouts, such as in the first line setting.
 And then second, we'd love to get your thoughts
 on William Lambert-Tysamad, they're saying,
 They think that we'll have a profile that's very competitive to do, if you can talk about
 differentiation in ocular side effects, and I'm wondering what your thoughts are on them
 I remember that competitor, they do know the German space law because of talks.
 Thank you.
 a few of the things in there.
 John, give him most of the data and our impending data,
 do you think we'll be able to declare a winning profile this year?
 No, it's a good question.
 I'm not sure that these late line settings are, you know, the best place to really differentiate
 on efficacy. Where we do feel competent, we'll be able to perhaps differentiate it on the
 a safety colorability profile where so far, you know,
 The answer to that has really been delivering the best in class profile, whereas molecules
 from others, including Roche, have been showing safety signals around cardiac issues and some
 cases, vision issues.
 So, you know, I think that's probably the best answer I can give you for now.
 probably be really looking to you know how the tolerability profiles hold up
 in these early lines as opposed to hinging a lot on the advocacy profile given a lot
 of the heterogeneity of these patient populations
 you see the late line and therefore the difficulty
 to really do cross trial comparisons in an apples to apples way.
 Thanks, John. I reiterate to everybody. We haven't seen the data. We are optimistic that we're in a good spot.
 and we look forward to getting it.
 You all know, I think it's a small indication
 if we are successful, so in terms of value perspective,
 It's not as important, although it may bring benefit to those that need it, let's be frank.
 but from a confidence perspective, you know, it's important to everybody.
 So, when we have the data, you'll be able to see the data in the data box, and you'll
 soon after us in terms of I do think whereas in most areas I've worked in
 tolerability inevitably plays a part, particularly this, as we move earlier lines and trying to
 and touched on it, tolerability, tolerability will be a key difference, Shadana, if I'm
 I don't understand correctly the competitor
 reference at a lower dose continues to have quality top challenges. So, you know, that
 we think those things are going to be very, very important over the longer term.
 Bill, Isle 13, Lily are saying that they have a winning profile.
 Yeah, well thanks for the question. You know as Paul said I think earlier on with the aisle 13. It's incomplete
 It's missing the aisle four so we think starting with the biology. It's not the complete biology
 So, when you take a look at their results, you know, let's remember these are face to
 The results are still waiting on their later results.
 There's nothing that really stands out from our perspective.
 That's good to see, you know, it looks fine.
 The conjunctivitis looks similar to jupyctin.
 You know, I think some of the big differences are is that we're six years ahead at that point by the time they launch
 We are, you know, a mega blockbuster.
 we become the standard of care.
 So I think for somebody to come in with something that isn't so much to offer, you know, I think that that is regardless of your experience in a therapeutic area.
 It's not therapeutic experience in atopic dermatitis.
 So, you know, as we said, it's part of the story.
 12, 13, certainly not the pull.
 got the test profile.
 Thank you.
 That's right.
 We'll follow on.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thanks for that. Yeah, for a minute, it is great that I have experience with Tulps.
 I have a lot of experience with concentric and nobody's got the experience that we have
 in AD. And I'm telling you, what the team has done with D-Pixson is incredible. We never
 underestimate competition, particularly well-organized ones.
 to start with the biology like Bill said, and if you've got half the answer, you have
 a long road to hoe. I'm sure that makes some progress, but let's go all the way back to
 the fundamental which is additional weight in the market to help educate and improve
 penetration is welcome. And if we have the best profile, which we believe we do, then
 and we will disproportionately benefit from that.
 So, you know, we look forward to seeing you in the next video.
 Thank you.
 to the meeting in March, where we'll update you in more detail about our forecast and
 and indeed our immunology pipeline in general.
 Next question, anything?
 It's next question comes from Mark the self at among the sending markets.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, everyone. Two questions. First, be on the defixment. Could you give us an update
 in terms of where you are, in terms of advanced therapy penetration rates in ageing versus
 the 25 to 30% you just gave, and also some idea of an indication split. But ahead of
 the 29th of March just to sort of get us in the mood.
 Perhaps we could help us understand sort of where you believe in the future a USX-US
 bit could be.
 Obviously...
 XURS growing 80% from a lower base in the US, but where eventually do you fill XURS-US
 the rest of it could be.
 And then the second one on 4, 10, 0, 7, 1, 2, 4, 5,
 phase three going to go decisions coming up in the second half this year.
 I wonder if you can help us understand which indications and lines of therapy those decisions
 have been made on, if it's monotherapy or combination therapy, and what are the gating
 decisions when making that hurdle into phase three.
 Okay. Thank you very much. Bill, I think the question is where are we now and what is the penetration?
 How does it evolve towards that 20% to 30% to fill the environment?
 So, thanks for the question.
 We've got a, you know, still a long way to go,
 just to give you a sense in U.S. adult AD, it's 7.9 percent.
 when I say the finish line is looking at, you know, 25, 30 percent, which is a little bit
 in the range of survivors, maybe a little bit higher.
 We've got a long way to go.
 So it's reinforcing what we're calling,
 set along the way, new competitors in the marketplace help to accelerate that.
 Regarding USXUS, you know, we have seen similar patterns in every market that we've launched
 in the world following the U.S. from a growth perspective.
 We continue to see that.
 We expect that.
 We're not going to comment on what we think the alternate geographic distribution will
 be your indications for it.
 So, you know, I think as well, you know, as you always take some and the rest of the
 takes some time to get through the reimbursement cycles and so it always starts slower then
 and it always gets more interesting
 and then everybody always starts to ask questions about it.
 We don't need to share the relative proportions, but the fact that the rest of the world will
 to get stronger and stronger in terms of its contribution because the medicine is so good
 and I think they'll mention China earlier.
 That is quite a 30,000 patients in just months.
 I didn't stop to help you understand where we might be heading.
 John Sartre 245 or formerly known as Thor 707, likely indications with and out of thoughts on, I think it was combos.
 Yes, thanks for the question. Maybe before I jump in this R245 though, since you brought
 up the immunology event coming in March.
 We're really looking forward to not only talking about Dupixant, but also the broader portfolio.
 You know, we've grown from just six molecules
 development for immunology to now 17, and so you'll be, you know, hearing about our
 biologics that include amlotelumab, deoxporty ligand, etypecamab, deoxporty ligand, etypecamab,
 The IL-33 antibody and development for COPD are engineered interleukin-2 on the other
 flip sides of the story, the story on 9, that stimulates regulatory T-cells instead of effector
 t-cells are bi-specific multi-specific nanobodies that do nifty things like
 neutralizing both TNF and IL-23 in a single molecule,
 a new concept for inflammatory bowel disease,
 Sting 40 ligand, et cetera, as well as our oral small molecule portfolio of reels of
 the Brutinib, the Unique BTK Inhibitor,
 our rip pines inhibitor, our oral TNF inhibitor,
 and the IRAC four-degrader.
 So that portfolio bringinology has really blossomed
 And we look forward to talking more about that in March.
 Now the SAR245, we have a large platform study underway in lung, head and neck, GI, skin
 and lymphoma. And like most companies, we sort of started with the obvious to do combinations
 with PD-1, and we're pursuing that.
 But this year we will be embarking on novel combos
 with other kinds of mechanisms.
 I would note, for example, that we have three T cell
 engagers now in development.
 We have our first NK selling game here,
 went into development. We have our Universal Allogeneic NK cell platform. So there's a
 a lot to think about as combination opportunities
 WSR245 across a range of cello tumors and hematologic malignancies.
 This will be a rich year for generating those early data signals.
 We're eagerly anticipating what we might be able to do with this best-in-class end-year
 version of Interlucent 2.
 Thank you, John. I do think we've done that actually quite recently. The number of signals
 The number of signals that we're going to get across the pipeline, but particularly in oncology,
 It's going to be quite interesting this year, while we may go in the early for some of you
 for him.
 but we would like to be an emerging player in oncology.
 There will be nice moments for us to make some decisions about which way to go and we're
 optimistic.
 Next question please.
 Here, the next question would be from Emmanuel Podakis,
 That's it.
 I'll see you later.
 Come on the road.
 Thank you for taking the questions.
 I'm sorry, I can't do a font with one on as it is a soft cog.
 Just your expectations, all your ambitions, perhaps for the upcoming pivotal data, I think
 you said you're hoping to show above near normal expression, above 40% factor, right?
 days, what sort of figures would you be hoping to be showing in seven days and what kind
 of share implications do you think that can have relative to what a lockdown has at present
 And indeed, if you could give us some comment
 you think a look to his person like that would be helpful as well.
 Well, that's the second question on the ship,
 the decision to progress a combination today's Peeble Amgen.
 Just wondering if you've seen any data from my confidence on synergy for that combination given
 and the pretty clear lack of shifty monotherapy activity
 and the timing of that potentially either phase one or phase two being presented to us
 to ask for the scientific conference at the airport.
 Thank you.
 Well, then I'll tell him to come to you in a moment, but Bill, don't you have any comment on that?
 which I may have to as well, and that kind of stuff too, because I don't think we declared
 what our expectation is, but certainly our profile is going to be best in class, so build
 on a comment.
 That's right.
 I think if you take a look at what was showed in the phase two, which showed that, you know,
 over half the week, four days where you're at essentially a near normal level.
 And by the end of the week, it takers off to in the 10 percent, I believe.
 Yeah, but still quite, quite strong protecting even at the end of the week.
 Yeah.
 I mean, you just look on the slide
 that I showed, you know, no one's even close to that.
 And no one's even close to that with a once weekly.
 So this we consider really transformative in the hemophilia A space.
 You know, when you think about patients, kids who want to have an active lifestyle and if
 you can give them something they've never seen before than maybe for just a brief moment
 normal and you do that for the better part of the week, you know, you begin to think
 about giving them a little bit more of their life back and being active and so forth.
 So, you know, we're really excited, that's what, you know, we expect to see that in our
 phase to be released we hope you know that's a pretty high bar set a high bar
 for us at a high bar for the market, I think, overall.
 So, you know, stay tuned more to come on that one.
 but, you know, this is really something which is different.
 No one's been able to offer this before,
 So I think, you know, we're here in patient communities,
 I'm really excited.
 Yeah, and now I've heard that from people, it's obviously been, I think the real question
 to leave the omen longer, depending on which the patient's longer term, I mean it gets
 It's very exciting for them as well, for them to have confidence in building a region
 you know, the gene therapy, at least this generation, doesn't seem to be, you know, definitive
 And, of course, Sam Libra comes more towards the weekly or bi-weekly itself.
 then the opportunity is perhaps even bigger than we thought when we started on this journey.
 I'll be honest, and of course, half the market's done that, so it's quite interesting for us.
 John, maybe ship 2, K-Rast?
 Yeah, so, you know, the reason that we're pursuing a combination is because in preclinical
 studies where we and others tried different combinations of SHIFT II with various other
 signal transfection blocking molecules. That was always consistently the place where we
 We saw the best combination from advocacy, so the most synergy, and again, this is not
 Not just the NOPE data, but it's Marathi data, same-gen data, et cetera, so we think that
 If there's a combination where ship 2 can shine, this is it.
 And we're doing the studies this year.
 It's another one of these where the signals will be the important determinants of what
 kind of trajectory we can take with that mechanism.
 So, that's a right for now.
 and the data will ultimately speak to themselves
 and we'll be gathering it this year.
 Thanks, John. And maybe a minute, I'll just thank you for the research you did on Vezerov.
 off the planet, really interesting how our positions were really thinking
 confident already and think about moving to earlier lines I mean of course it's
 just a survey, but it was very insightful, and we enjoyed reading that, so thank you
 to that work.
 You're welcome to have the congratulations on the strong launch.
 Thank you very much. That means a lot. Okay, Emma.
 It is last question right?
 Yes, last question would be from Matthew Westman at Creditious Matthew.
 It's Joe here, I'm sorry, I have two questions.
 On Doopie, I wonder if you've given us the 8% penetration in the US adult market in AD.
 perhaps half of the sales potential comes from other indications.
 So I wonder if you could just tell us how successful you've been in penetrating things
 like asthma, so that we can see how broad the appeal of this is beyond atopic dermatitis.
 and I noted that you're going to update your sales projections, but that's before you
 have the COPD data. I thought you were waiting for that before you gave us an update.
 And my second question would be on EFA.
 So, I would have assumed that if somebody was interested in efficacy, but not so concerned
 on safety than they already have moved from a HACTA to a non-HACTA. So safety is likely
 to be a very important part in making the decisions for these patients to move on to
 your new product. How much safety data will you have at the time of submission and of
 launch and what makes you so confident that people won't think that the
 different pharmacodynamics of this factor could impact on the safety characteristics
 to the forehand.
 Okay, let's put a lot in there.
 You always keep your gas in, sometimes you can't connect and then your cable is not
 and not be vested.
 So, but out of which way, I'm glad that we got to the questions.
 Do the other indications penetration well?
 Yeah, so, you know, if you look, Joe, in asthma,
 We're at about 19% biologic penetration.
 Okay, that's the starting point.
 And then you've heard from a first faculty perspective
 where you've heard from a first faculty perspective where
 were leading in each of the specialists with the fixin.
 And, you know, the other indications, you know, look, where it depends, again, on the biopinitration,
 You know, they're pretty low.
 We're starting with, you know, a brand new indication, so to speak, with the Naval pulse.
 We're the only fire there still working on the empty a little, but it appears as though
 we're having good strong penetration there.
 won't give a number at this time.
 Regarding the second question was, well, there's one about why aren't we waiting for the COPD
 data.
 And I'm sure I'm having an answer, but then we'll move to the efficacy trade-off on FNSOC to call it.
 Yeah, it's going to be good to read, read, draw.
 So we can't win. If we wait to see why we're waiting and if we don't wait to see why we're not waiting.
 So we're sort of the trips in between.
 I think because the COPD data is in 23,
 I think we all felt that a good time to take stock
 towards the end of Q1 and using the deeper immunology catch-up that we think that's worth doing.
 And of course, we won't be able to declare a new peak without referencing, you know,
 Let it slide.
 It'll be different with CRPD if the data reads out.
 how we frame that, when we're very early in the thinking.
 So we'll stay loose on that until we get there.
 but I just don't think,
 given the run rate and the prescriptions that we could ask people to wait up for a year
 or more, actually, to understand what the peak could be.
 John, I don't think you've got it all on the safety,
 the efficiency trade-off on what data we'll have.
 Yeah, I'm a little, I'd say I'm a little surprised by the question because the safety
 of this next generation factor 8 is, it's pristine.
 We, there have been no safety signals.
 you don't have any reason really to believe there would be any.
 You could almost say, you know, to some extent, that way it was paved with products like you
 Loctate, which puses an FC region on to factor 8, and here there are some additional embellishments
 with the so-called Extend Technology,
 but that had also been de-risked with other molecules
 have been taking the clinic including an approved product so the components of the
 molecule of all indie risk, and we've not seen any safety liabilities.
 On the other hand, if you think about alternatives,
 they do have some safety, a historical safety baggage.
 So I really think on a safety standpoint,
 Again, we come out best in class.
 And John, just to add to that, I think clearly from an efficacy perspective, we win too.
 I mean, no one's, if you look at the comparison, where,
 And the schismat is, if you try to estimate where it is,
 It's nowhere near normal.
 It's nowhere near a normal factor level.
 So, you know, we're really confident that we went on the safety for, you know, just redefine the safety bar.
 And then if, you know, you're looking at a weekly dose, that's pretty convenient as well.
 as well.
 So, you know, I think
 both parameters were in really good shape.
 Yeah, thank you, you know when I joined the committee a lot of people have questions like did the company not understand him
 Libra was coming when we got into 52001 and half the people responsible for Libra worked
 for his math, John Reed, thanks.
 But one thing we did learn was that these patients are
 dynamic and they will move fast. If they see a better choice to be made, particularly if
 If you're not a two-monthly, you're actually every one to two weeks, in the case of the
 factor.
 It builds a, you know, cutting-edge standard.
 I think the competition needs to be slightly more concerned
 that the patients are much more likely to change.
 what got them their position in the first place, and it's what we'll do when we launch
 with effort, which is not that far away.
 So thank you for those questions.
 Thank you to everybody for the energy and the contribution.
 Delighted, by the way, as always, we're starting to transition more towards science and the
 transformation of the company, a little less just on the basic financials which every day
 responsible for it and even think that we're not, that we think in terms of value creation
 and in the right to bring our pipeline forward and surprise you is very, very important.
 Nothing's off the table.
 We're shooting the company real time in a minute.
 to see it and feel it, you're not part of it.
 But I think as we look back, I like to particularly it's full year, you know, we get to look at
 the distance traveled just in 12 months.
 I think it feels like you've come an awful long way.
 And while we've got some youth put up ahead of us and we hope it's all positive,
 you know we will keep moving forward
 findings, signals, and advancing 36 programs that were not muting last year, as far as
 at the beginning of last year, the mood last year,
 and 10 first-in-human for the first time in the company's history.
 the pennies should be dropping that our ability to pivot on science is really in full flight.
 So, thank you to everybody on the team, thanks to you, Tyon, thanks for being here.
 Thank you very much, you may now disconnect.