 Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everyone.
 Thank you for joining us to review Sanofi's 2021 fourth quarter and full-year results, followed by a Q&A session.
 As usual, you can find the slides to this earnings call on the investors page of our
 website
 at
 moving to slide 3
 I would like to remind you that information
 presented in this call
 contain forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and
 other factors, but may cause actual results to differ materially.
 I refer you to our Form 20F document on file with the FTC and also our document
 and all the instruments for a description of these six tasks.
 With that, please advance to flight 4.
 Our speakers on the call today are
 Paul Hudson, Chief Executive Officer
 The Global Business Unit has Phil Sibyl, Thomas Triomphe, Olivier Charmey, and Julie Van Angeval, and Jean-Baptiste de Chatillon, Chief Financial Officer.
 For the Q&A, you have two options to participate.
 Option 1, click the raise hand icon at the bottom of your screen.
 or option two, public your question by clicking the Q&A icon at the bottom of the screen.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Paul.
 Well, thank you, Eva, and thanks to everyone for joining our call today.
 delighted to be here
 and together with the members of the executive team
 to take you through the updates on our business and financial performance.
 You may have noticed that the visual change to our materials is more clear, it's more modern.
 I want to emphasize that it's part of the transformation
 and simply nothing is off the table
 including how parts of the business are named or indeed presented.
 going forward
 will be known as
 across our businesses
 and we continue to work to raise the standards of disease treatment and prevention.
 Let's start the study of you.
 We delivered a 7.1% sales growth this year
 compared to a 3.3% last year.
 depicts and grew across all geographies
 and vaccines delivered
 another year of record
 influencer business
 with more than 2.6 billion euro in sales.
 The contribution of our other GBUs
 has also been critical.
 The core assets we prioritized in our general medicine business grew 5.6%.
 now amounting to 5.8 billion euros together.
 and our consumer health business is catching up fast
 to close the gap with market growth
 Bottom line, we delivered an EPS of $6.56, growing at 15.5%, and continuing the strong
 trend we set since 2019.
 We have again improved our profitability with a BLI that now stands at 28.6% at CER.
 This is driven by both improved gross profitability, given the growing specialty care and GEMED core asset portfolios, as well as our discipline in spending.
 At the same time, the way we've set our financial targets allows us to keep adding to our early-stage pipeline.
 I'll talk a little more about that in a few minutes.
 Moving to slide seven, let me turn to our main transformation activities this year.
 We announced six bolts on acquisitions to strengthen our growth areas in immunology, oncology, and vaccines.
 they're a perfect fit with our strategic priorities
 as outlined at our Capital Markets Day in December 2019.
 We stay on the lookout for exciting business development opportunities.
 for example, or collaboration with
 beyond, which adds a new generation
 and check for the Nibirah.
 to our chemical pipeline.
 We also intend to unlock the potential of digital, data, and artificial intelligence
 in drug discovery and development.
 This is the rationale behind our partnerships with Oaken and Accenture to help us further
 accelerate our efforts in immunology and oncology as we focus our efforts on
 We're building this sustainable pipeline.
 we're also taking action to reduce our complexity.
 Again, fully in line with our 2019 commitments.
 We've continued to invest brands from our established portfolio
 and moved more than 50 countries to a distributor model.
 The standalone model for consumer health is about 80% complete, and we started an ambitious
 program to reduce the number of consumer
 the healthcare brands.
 The next major milestone for us this year will be the planned IPO of EuroAPI,
 which could create the second biggest AI player in the world.
 Now let's move to what is at the core of our play-to-win strategy, developing breakthrough
 medicines and vaccines to improve
 people's lives. Let me give you
 a few highlights of what has been achieved
 over the past 12 months
 to advance self-priority assets and beat industry benchmarks in R&D productivity.
 We delivered seven positive pivotal readouts last year.
 Nisabamab marks a major scientific advancement in our effort to provide protection against
 RSV for all infants
 We're about to begin global submissions one year ahead of our initial plan,
 and we're getting ready to launch
 for the 2023 RSV season.
 Dupixin has only begun to penetrate the large type T patient population in atopic derm and asthma.
 Last year, four additional indications delivered positive results.
 The year was also marked by eight major approvals for Dupixen, Leption, and Salteza, as well
 as Nexiazyme and Pompe disease,
 which strengthens our rare disease franchise.
 Our R&D engine achieved a remarkable milestone this year
 with 10 molecules entering the cynical pipeline from in-house research.
 It's something that we have never achieved in the past.
 Our focus on three key therapeutic areas, immunology, oncology, neurology, is increasing.
 We're building an industry-leading immunology pipeline
 and to put our ox-40 ligand antibody
 and lutelemab on the list of our priority assets, which allocates additional funding
 to allow accelerated development of the program.
 A potential first-in-class and best-in-class treatment for a range of immune-mediated
 diseases, starting with
 atopic dermatitis.
 Will Zabrutinib is in phase 2 development as a potential oral treatment option.
 Files in asthma and CSU are going to be open soon.
 Oncology keeps building with the Amsterdam first-line study,
 and there are five already fully recruited,
 significantly earlier than planned,
 giving the high interest in the study from the investigative community.
 In addition, we entered broad phase two programs for our engineered best-in-class interleukin
 2 star 245
 and our first-in-class decam-5 antibody for conjugate
 to explore and accelerate the development in areas of high unmet need.
 In urology, our scientists are continuing to build the body of data showing the impact
 of tolibrutinib on human microglia,
 which supports the thesis that this brain penetrant molecule
 modulates neural inflammatory
 you process is
 directly within the central nervous system.
 We will share new and important data and actions just coming up shortly.
 we also have started phase 3
 developments of
 tolumbrutinib for
 the treatment of
 myasthenia
 gravis, a
 chronic progressive neuromuscular disease
 that strikes more than 10,000 people each year in the U.S. alone.
 Advancing to slide 9, I want to highlight how we have strengthened the early stages of our clinical pipeline by adding 36 projects in one year.
 This speaks volumes about our commitment to build an industry-leading, sustainable pipeline
 with a steady stream of new assets
 that can transform the practice of medicine.
 2021 has also marked the creation
 of our mRNA Center of Excellence
 to accelerate the development of the next generation of vaccines
 with the ambition to deliver a minimum of six clinical candidates by 2025.
 we shared with you
 the interim results
 of our first mRNA monobalian flu study
 and pivoted our platform
 to modified mRNA in record time.
 As we transform and modernize the company for the long term, the teams also keep delivering
 robust performance
 and creating value
 in the short term
 Our Q4 program is a good reflection of this.
 In fact, this quarter marks the first time
 that the specialty care business has led our business units by sales.
 key growth drivers for specialty care
 How would you fix them?
 53% up compared to the same quarter last year.
 and our specialty care pipeline
 has grown to 87 projects in Phase 1-3,
 with 61
 you know
 key therapeutic areas of oncology,
 immunology and urology.
 So, with that, let's start with specialty care, and Bill, over to you.
 Thank you, Paul.
 It is indeed a very exciting milestone for specialty care to emerge as the largest business unit of Sanofi by sales in the last quarter.
 This milestone validates our commitment to execute on our business priorities
 and to be a leader in innovative medicines that change patients' lives.
 The fourth quarter proved to be another remarkable period of growth for our specialty care franchises,
 with 3.5 billion euros in sales, up 21.3%.
 As mentioned by Paul earlier,
 Dupixen, our truly transformative immunology mega brand, delivered once again a stellar
 quarter with more than 1.5 billion euros of sales and high double-digit growth across all regions.
 More about the brand performance in just a minute.
 Double-digit growth of our oncology franchise in the quarter and for the full year
 was mainly driven by the continued launch execution of Starclisa and Libtayo in their respective key markets.
 Looking ahead, we are on a trajectory to exceed 1 billion euro in sales in oncology this year,
 despite the continued decline of Jeptona due to generic competition for the product in Europe.
 A rare disease business reported exceptionally strong fourth-quarter sales, up 9.5%, driven
 primarily by higher demand across
 the Pompey, Gosey, and Brad Bray franchises.
 Notably, our Pompeii franchise reached blockbuster status in 2021, totaling more than €1 billion in global sales.
 We are making great progress in the U.S. uptake of Nexviazyme, our recently launched next-generation ERT for Pompei disease.
 We are actively working on establishing Nexdeozyme as the next standard of care in global markets.
 We obtained marketing approval in Japan in November and have launched there.
 In addition, we look forward to a number of potential approvals in 2022
 to and continue to work toward approval in Europe from the EMA, where blood disorders
 from the EMA.
 franchise sales grew 2.7% when excluding lower industrial sales to Sobe.
 Growth of the franchise in the fourth quarter was driven by Tablidi,
 mainly due to additional launches in Europe and higher Alprolic sales in the U.S.
 High fourth-quarter sales of neurology and immunology were due to the performance of Kevzara,
 which grew mainly because of the continued global demand for IL-6 receptor blockers
 and a temporary shortage of a competitor product, Tosalizamab.
 As a result, we expect a demand for Kevzara, which is indicated for patients with rheumatoid arthritis,
 to remain strong in the coming months.
 Strong growth of Kevzara was partially offset by anticipated sales declines of Abazio and Lentrada in the quarter.
 Now, moving to slide 13.
 Dupixen delivered another year of outstanding performance in 2021, driven by consistent, strong growth quarter after quarter in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets.
 Last year alone, Depixen added 1.7 billion euros of incremental sales to the top line,
 making it Sinopi's number one growth driver.
 annualizing now at more than 6 billion euros in sales,
 we continue to believe
 that we are just at the beginning of the journey
 for this mega brand.
 Over the last two years, the key contributors of consistent, strong growth have been patient demand,
 the approval of new indications, and the expansion in the younger patient populations.
 I'd like to remind you that Q4 to Q1 growth is commonly impacted in the U.S. due to patient
 deductible reset. However,
 consistent strong underlying demand
 quarter over quarter had resulted in
 depictions becoming the number one
 newly prescribed biologic among each specialist we call on, including dermatologists, allergists,
 pulmonologists, and ENTs.
 Outside the U.S., China continues to represent a major growth opportunity.
 With more than 30,000 adult patients treated to date, the launch is progressing strongly
 and according to our plans.
 The depiction's growth opportunity in China is bolstered by the early NRDL listing,
 which was just extended by the authorities in China to include the 200-milligram dose,
 improving our access to the adolescent patient population.
 an atopic dermatitis
 specifically, we have been rapidly
 advancing our leadership as new and
 come to the market in the U.S.
 Europe and Japan.
 We believe competition can further raise awareness and help unlock our full market potential in AD.
 Recent U.S. approvals of competitive AD treatment options have come with a significant delay
 and in some cases safety concerns, which are reflected in their label.
 in line with our expectations
 and some new entrants have restricted indications of second-line systemic therapies,
 which can mean use after depiction.
 We believe this further reinforces Dupixin's best-in-disease clinical profile, balancing
 rapid and sustained efficacy with proven long-term efficacy.
 This strengthens our position as first-line therapies in the growing AD market.
 At the same time, we remain focused on delivering milestones for future growth,
 including the regulatory submissions of AD in children younger than 6 years old and in eosinophilic esophageists.
 In asthma, we received a positive CHMP opinion for depiction in patients as young as 6 years old,
 with a final decision expected by the European Commission in the coming months.
 We are also excited about the recent pivotal data readout in Pregno nodularis, which I
 will discuss briefly on my next slide.
 On slide 14, the data points on the charts demonstrate impressively the consistent benefit
 is Depixent has shown across two Phase III trials,
 prime and prime 2.
 These data confirm significant improvements in itch and the appearance of skin lesions
 in patients who are inadequately controlled with topical therapies or for whom those therapies
 were not advisable.
 The pivotal data readout is also confirming the potential benefit of targeting Aisle 4 and Aisle 13
 as the central drivers of type 2 inflammation in this specific disease,
 adding yet another indication for depiction if approved.
 Importantly, data from the PRIME and PRIME 2 studies were consistent with the well-established
 safety profile I have depicted in already approved indications.
 We are very excited about the opportunity in Prego Nodularis,
 given the high unmet need and lack of approved systemic therapies.
 We are on track to begin submissions to regulatory agencies in the first half of this year.
 Moving to slide 15, I'd like to highlight two of our launch opportunities in 2022.
 Both new products exemplify our commitment to bring innovative treatments to the market
 in specialty care, addressing underserved and sometimes ultra-rare diseases where there
 are fewer no approved treatment options available.
 On the left side of the slide, we are eagerly expecting to obtain the FDA approval of cetimlimab
 with a PDUFA date tomorrow, February 5th.
 Sosimlumab has been developed as the first treatment for cold agglutinin, or CAD, and our plan is to begin launching the product in the U.S. through our existing rare blood disorders business operations.
 A rollout of launches is planned for Japan later this year and in key European markets beginning in 2023.
 3. On the right side
 of the slide.
 the upcoming launch of Elipidase Alpha
 underscores our unwavering commitment to delivering innovative therapies for the rare disease patient community.
 Once approved, olipidase will be the first and only therapy for pediatric and adult patients
 living with non-CNS
 manifestations of acid
 single myelinase deficiency, or ASMD, a rare disease that robs quality of life for patients
 and their families, and also increases the risk of premature death.
 The clinical development program for olipidase has demonstrated positive results in two separate
 results.
 clinical trials in adult and pediatric patients.
 Data from the ASCEND and Phase-to-ASCEND PEEDS trial evaluating Olipidase Alpha served as the basis for regulatory filings.
 Turning to slide 16, EFA, our uniquely engineered factor rate,
 has the potential to revolutionize factor treatment for hemophilia A patients.
 pending successful completion of our ongoing Phase III trial.
 EFA is designed to maintain high factor levels for much longer than all currently marketed factor replacement therapies.
 The product profile aims of providing sustained protection at near-normal factor levels for
 most of the week, helping patients
 enjoy normal levels of physical activity. Coupled with a low
 treatment burden of a once-weekly dose.
 Considering the winning combination of convenience with weekly dosing,
 therapeutic activity with unmatched factor levels, and a safety profile in line with
 other factor therapies, EFA has the potential to become the factor therapy of choice, significantly
 improving quality of life for hemophilia-aid patients, with the potential to capture a
 significant share of the global
 $5 billion factor class
 market, we see high commercial
 opportunity for
 Sanofi territories, U.S. and Japan, addressing patients already on factor therapy and expect
 a rapid uptake once approved.
 We also believe that epiprofile would be competitive against non-factor treatments,
 unlocking additional opportunities by converting a portion of the non-factor patient population
 to safe factor treatment.
 While we are still waiting to see the Phase 3 data, we are looking forward to sharing the pivotal results with you, which we expect at the end of Q1.
 With that, I hand over to Thomas to update you on the vaccine business.
 Thank you, Bill.
 Q4 per month in vaccines generated significant sales of 2 billion euros,
 including a strong increase in flu sales in Europe,
 as well as growth reported by our PPAs and travel franchises.
 The lower GBU sales, as was last year, were mainly due to the U.S. influence on the market.
 we have two factors combined.
 First, a low immunization rate is a priority given to COVID-19 vaccination in November
 in December.
 and sigm
 a record product treatment in the third quarter, leading to a 55-45% split for the 2-3-2-4 period.
 The U.S. performance was partially upset by the strong cure for demand in other geographies,
 especially Europe, where FWELDA was very successfully launched.
 The PPH franchise, recording a strong fourth quarter growth, despite lower birth rates around the world,
 mostly driven by pentaxin performance in China.
 Finally, we are also pleased to see some recovery of the travel franchise, even though we are
 if are from the pre-pandemic level.
 Off-note, on a full-year basis, despite the pandemic environment, all five vaccine franchises have demonstrated growth in 2021 compared to 2020,
 illustrating again the robustness of our vaccine business.
 Next slide, please.
 On the next slide, let's look at our record flow performance in 2021, with a 6% growth over last year's record.
 On the left chart, you can see that the impact from the U.S. market contraction was more than compensated by the strong performance of Europe and the rest of the world.
 Let me be very clear.
 The U.S. sales reduction has nothing to do with our product's performance.
 COVID-19 boosters were given the priority by retailers and staff providers, and as a result, the total number of U.S. food doses injected this season decreased by 17%.
 Despite that challenging environment,
 Flues and idols continue to expand market share and gain 3.5 point share in the senior segment in the U.S.
 In Europe, the strong F.U.L.D. announced execution in Germany
 enable us to reach the spectacular 64% growth following the positive STIKO recommendation.
 I'm glad to report that for the first season
 three out of four German senior citizens
 have benefited from FUL-DAS demonstrated protection beyond flu.
 The right graph shows the continuous progress of our flue franchise.
 All incremental sales in 2021 were driven by our differentiated through vaccines.
 thanks to their proven ability to protect against cardiovascular events and against pneumonia hospitalization.
 For the first time ever, our differentiated two sales represented the majority of our annual sales,
 indicating that the importance of providing protection beyond flu
 reason as well
 with external
 stakeholders.
 I'm confident that our flu franchise will continue to grow in 2022
 and that this year we'll see another recall year.
 With that, I'll hand over to Lee.
 Thank you, Thomas.
 Moving to General Melton on slide 19, we are encouraged by our performance in the fourth quarter.
 The execution of our strategy continues to deliver as planned
 and the focus on our core assets
 as consistently generated positive results in recent quarters.
 In the fourth quarter, General Medicine sales reached 3.4 billion euros, which included sales from industrial affairs.
 Our core asset grew 2.1% and we are up as much as 4% when excluding the effect of pile-on-sale
 to Regeneron in the U.S., which ended at the end of 2020.
 We drove double-digit growth for both Multac and Soliqua in the quarter, while classic growth of 7.5% was accelerated by the strong performance in China,
 where the product is already included in the volume-based procurement program for the second year
 and generated growth of 28% in the period.
 We are very happy about the performance.
 Tralion's sales increased by 36%, excluding U.S., sales to Regeneron in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 outstanding growth
 of the brand
 was particularly due
 to its performance in Europe, where it was really simply
 is launched in Germany.
 As I lighted during the previous earnings calls,
 Loving up sales were slightly down.
 This is mainly due to the high base for comparison in the fourth quarter of 2020, which followed
 the introduction of the WHO guidelines
 or the treatments of hospitalized COVID-19 patients, as well as some supply limitations.
 Our leading transplant franchise was strengthened by the consolidation of our new product edition, Resiroc.
 Starting on November 9th, Lezirak added 20 million euros of sales in the quarter.
 I will provide more detail on this exciting launch on my next slide.
 In China,
 certainly participated in the video program for
 insulin in a candle.
 We are very proud of the results
 in the balanced-valued insulin category
 with Lantus M2GO.
 Sonofi was the only multinational company among the winners in Category A,
 which is the product category that will receive most of the hospital volume allocations.
 Our Glargian franchise remained broadly stable in the quarter, supported by 2GEO, and despite the price and inventory adjustment in China,
 in anticipation of the
 implementation of the insulin DBT, which is expected in the first half of 2022.
 Sales and non-core assets were lower in the quarter, in line with our expectations.
 The decline of 7.6% deflected the impact of product
 by Vectra, which are
 key to our ongoing strategy
 streamlining efforts.
 We are vigorously reducing the number of small product families with the objective to drive
 efficiencies and increase profitability.
 Moving now to slide 20.
 For the full year 2021, general medicine sales reached 14.2 billion euros, which included sales from industrial affairs totaling 808 million euros.
 Importantly, our core assets were up 5.6%.
 This performance translates into growth of 7.6% when excluding the impact of trillion
 sales to Regeneron in the U.S.
 Across our brands Love & Love, Haluant,
 when excluding U.S. sales, Soliqua, and our established brand in the
 constant business.
 Dymoglobulin and Modogil delivered double-digit growth in 2021.
 The performance of our car asset in 2021 reinforced our confidence to deliver on our
 Dixon to grow our car asset
 mid single digit
 over the period of 2020-2025.
 For 2022, we expect another year of strong performance of our core assets, despite the
 high date of comparison in 2021 for Lovenox, we expect sales of Lovenox in 2022 to be close
 to the level of 221.
 Our well-established Transcend franchise is expected to continue the growth path.
 strengthened by the launch executional reservoir.
 ICOA is also set to continue
 its growth trajectory, supported by its differentiated clinical profile.
 Leveraging the containing Solimix data, Soliqua is well poised for the competition with Premix
 Insulin is its key market.
 We are also very excited by the anticipated approval of Soliqua in China later this year.
 In China, the winning
 condition of our
 insulin products last week and
 to GEO in Category A of BVP will enable us to deliver significantly higher volumes but
 lower price. With the pricing effect in mind, we expect our total margin sales to zero and
 to decrease by around 33.0% in 2022 in China.
 Looking ahead, we aim to establish 2GEO as the basal insulin of choice in the large diabetes
 market in China and expect to make Tujero an important growth driver for our business
 in China in 2022 and beyond.
 Our non-core asset performance in 2021 reflects the impact from the progress we are making with our portfolio streamlining efforts.
 As discussed earlier, we continue to reduce the number of non-strategic sale product families.
 In summary, our 2021 achievements
 give us confidence in our
 to deliver on our commitment to stabilize sales by 2025 as compared to the 2020 base
 base, and to maintain general medicine DOI margin accretive for the group over the 2020-2025
 period.
 Now, moving to
 CADMOD on slide 2.21. Let's discuss
 the value proposition of this important transaction for Sanofi and our transplant business.
 The acquisition was completed in November and represents a strong feat with our strategy.
 Cadmon's key asset was approved in the U.S. last summer and receiving positive market
 feedback as I light it on the side.
 Lezurok has already reached 96% menstruation in 80 key centers, and more than 500 patients have been treated to date.
 As we share on our last earning calls,
 Regurot is a first-in-class treatment for adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with chronic graft-versus-host disease.
 who have failed at least to parallel the systemic therapy.
 The prevalence is roughly 14,000 patients in the U.S.,
 with steroids being the current standard of care in front-line CGE-HD treatment.
 We estimate that 5,000 to 7,000 patients in the U.S. who are treated with steroids fail on their therapy and require additional treatment.
 In the slightly more than four months in the U.S. launch,
 Reservoir-generated sales of
 44 million euros, of which
 20 million
 were consolidated by
 Sanofi in the acquisition.
 Going forward, we plan on accelerating the geographic expansion.
 we will continue to leverage
 of transplant expertise to maximize
 growth potential, capitalizing on our long-standing relationship with the
 transparent community.
 In conclusion, we are excited about these innovative nuclear assets or Sanofi
 and confirms that the Cadman acquisition will be slightly attractive in 2022.
 With that, I hand over the call to Julie.
 Thank you to you.
 It's been years since we presented our strategic priorities with the goal to grow our priority
 grants of both market growth as early as 2022 in key geographies.
 I'm glad to report that today we're ahead of that commitment.
 Indeed, in 2020, we were losing a share, and we were trending about five points below market growth.
 The latest market data shows that we have closed this gap.
 In November, on a rolling 12 months, we are at par with market growth.
 This despite our absence in constant cold and physical wellness categories in the U.S.,
 and mainly driven by our priority categories in Key Geography's Danish Share.
 these results show
 that the execution of our three strategic priorities
 to drive our business is starting
 to pay off. On our first
 priority of cutting and embracing
 complexity.
 We've been able to increasingly focus on our key brands and geographies.
 thanks to our simplification efforts.
 We have divested and pruned 111 non-core brands, a reduction of 40% of our total number of brands, which represents less than a point and a half of our sales.
 We've also reduced our trademarks by 50%.
 our domain names by 30%, and are continuously working on simplifying our processes and ways of working.
 At the same time, we have embraced the complexity of our multi-local brands
 by reallocating investment to brands with the biggest growth potential and market share gains.
 On our second strategic priority, to become a true, fast-moving consumer healthcare business,
 The creation of our stand-alone is a key enabler, and we're on track.
 80% of our legal entities are now live, and we integrated key functions like industrial affairs, all science-related functions, and supply chain under one roof.
 The success of this is twofold.
 First, a significant increase in agility in reaction to market and consumer needs.
 Cough and Cough is a good example where we were able to quickly size the opportunity of the market rebound in Q4, resulting in market share gain in October and November, excluding China.
 This is a first in four years.
 In addition, as mentioned earlier, this helps us to revisit our ways of working
 and adapt them to the specificities of a fast-moving consumer healthcare business.
 For example, in consumer engagement, digital marketing, or speed of innovation.
 The big focus has also been to strengthen our brand equities and campaigns, beyond the pure science and quality of our products, which we already deliver.
 On our third priority, to build our digital and data edge.
 the creation of our standalone here again
 has given us the opportunity to revisit
 and build fundamentals
 with a strong focus on e-commerce, brand sites,
 THC-specific CRM and third-party management systems, and data-driven A&P and location tools.
 Regarding our Rx to OTC switches, both programs are
 programs continue to progress despite the pandemic.
 The team is actively working on the project, and we continue to execute critical studies
 in an accelerated session.
 For Cialis in the U.S., we have completed the self-selection studies, and results have
 been submitted to FDA, along with the protocol for a natural use trial.
 No RBACYL dysfunction, our X2OTC switch project, has gone this far.
 We are now waiting for the FDA feedback in order to proceed.
 For Chinese flu, we're evaluating the status of the current flu season to determine if certain studies can progress.
 In the meantime, we have accelerated all studies that can be done without the presence of disease
 to keep the pace.
 On both programs, we should be able to share more next quarter.
 Turning to page 23, when looking at net sales performance, we have delivered 5.6% growth in Q4.
 Our organic growth is even higher, with 7% growth in Q4 when excluding the impact of
 the impact of our organic growth.
 Westminster. These results are driven by three factors. First, the progress we've made on the
 execution of our strategic priorities, as mentioned earlier.
 Secondly, we benefited from the market rebound in categories like self-encode.
 And lastly, we also benefited from COVID vaccination, specifically in healthcare.
 We will continue to focus our efforts to further deliver on our three strategic priorities
 that have proven to be working with the ambition to build a true, fast-moving consumer healthcare
 of business and be at par with markets.
 Let me rev up by saying how much I am enjoying working with the team,
 and driving the CHC business back to growth.
 With that, I hand it over to our CSO's ambassador.
 Thank you, Julie.
 Let me start by highlighting some strong proof points for Sanofi Transformation in 2021.
 First, we managed to increase full-year gross margin by 120 bps to 71.3%.
 This improvement is linked to the growing self-contribution of our brands in specialty care on higher margin vaccine products.
 It is also the result of efficiency measures in manufacturing, which typically require a longer lead time before they become attracted to margin, and are now starting to come through.
 As I said before, we are committed to continuing this trend of gross margin improvement.
 Second, we manage our OPEC in 2021 effectively and without disrupting the strong growth
 momentum.
 We successfully controlled the increase in OPEX on managing them to grow slower than sales,
 which was possible as a result of a rigorous prior situation.
 As before, we've invested the vast majority of efficiencies generated during the year.
 Finally, let me briefly comment on another proof point of our transformation, headcount.
 When I took on the CAFO role in 2018, the company employed around 100,000 employees worldwide.
 The ongoing transformation towards a more giant organization,
 we are now in a new phase with approximately 96,000 globally
 and we continue to change
 ways of working.
 We are embracing digital change, streamlining our portfolio, and collaborating with partners
 Thank you.
 to balance a reduced infrastructure while improving access to our medicines.
 On this path, we expect to end the year with a headcount closer to 90,000, reflecting a more
 patient organization.
 This would represent the 15% 1.5 lower headcount as compared to 2018 and would include the
 successful IPO of your API
 on the existing plan.
 On slide 26, turning now to the full P&L for the fourth quarter,
 company sales increased 4.1% at CER
 driven by excellent growth of dividend
 on other specialty care franchise as well as consumer health.
 Business operating income grew 6.9% at CER.
 benefiting from
 improvements at growth market level, which were driven by the favorable portfolio sheet
 to specialty care products on efficiencies within industrial affairs.
 In the fourth quarter, we again saw an increase compared to last year with the margin improving
 foot.
 I'm going to read on 40 basis points.
 Business EPS grew 9.8% at CR, benefiting from a slightly lower tax rate of 20.5.
 25.27
 We have achieved around 2.4 billion of cumulative savings, of which 2.1 were accrued through
 the population.
 efficiency as depicted by the bright purple boxes from on the slide.
 In addition, we realized an incremental $300 million in cost revictions over the last two years.
 Specifically, we achieved our target of 500 million savings in R&D due to privatization
 and special tickets on the D-Team
 by Whitney Concerdovascular.
 In addition, lasting efficiencies were generated by consolidating function across sites, including
 our trials logistic, reducing cycle time through advances in the town digital coupled with
 more agile governance.
 TrendMed has been successful in reducing the complexity of its business, focusing on key markets, and employing a digitally-enabled go-to-market model.
 GNA, across all areas of Sanofi, contributed $500 million of savings over the last two years, driven by smart spending initiatives, real estate efficiencies, a preferred supplier model on digitalization.
 In summary, we remain on track to achieve our target of 2.5 billion selling by end of 2022.
 Most of this year's savings are again earmarked to be reallocated to fund our growth drivers and key programs in R&D.
 Moving to slide 28, let me briefly comment on how strongly increased recharge flow.
 In fact, we doubled free cash flows since 2018 to a focus on improved business performance
 on change in working capital.
 Given the strong improvement in pre-cash flow in recent years, we were able to achieve
 2019 Capital Market Day objective of a free cash flow increase of around 50%, one year
 ahead of schedule.
 On slide 29, we maintain our objective to continue
 Sanofi's annual dividend policy, which is reflected in the fact that the company has
 consistently increased its dividend payments for the past 27 years.
 As a result of Sanofi's performance in 2021, we announced that the Board has proposed a dividend of €3.33.
 since a growing dividend remains an important element of our textile allocation,
 but it shrunk behind our organic investment on business development in our priorities.
 On slide 13, we provide an outlook
 are hiking expected business dynamics
 across sales and expenses.
 For discussing
 of the left part of the slide, you can see expected drivers of sales across our GPUs,
 including the consummation of strong growth from viticin,
 record flu season,
 on maintaining business momentum for the core products of consumer health and demand.
 As communicated before, we expect consumer health priority brands to grow above market
 in key geographies, resulting in growth of the entire business, but only progressively
 nearing market rates.
 At the same time, we also force the overall TVU cells in the net to stabilize.
 So your API third-party sales are currently consolidated in this business.
 upon the planned EuroAPI IPO
 and medcells will be reduced by that amount going forward.
 On the right part of the slide, we expect gross margin to continue to improve due to
 with some efficiency.
 How are the expenses?
 are expected to continue to grow in line with our strategy
 as we keep streamlining our GenMed on THC business
 we expect to generate around 500 million in capital gains throughout 2022.
 We estimate that our 2022 ETR
 effective tax rate to be around 19%, 1,9%, given the evolution of our products on the
 basic mix.
 This estimate is based, of course, on current tax legislation.
 So, on my final slide, slide 31, we expect full year 2022 business EPS to grow in the
 the low double digits at CER.
 our way to achieve our 2022 financial projects,
 We also guide to a DOI margin of 30% for the year.
 On foreign exchange, we see a positive currency impact of 2% to 3% based on generally average exchange rate.
 We're going to do it here.
 goes in pretty crazy
 on 15.5 DTS growth at CR in 2021.
 we are on track for a third year of double-digit or near double-digit TPS growth.
 I have now circled back to Paul.
 well thanks
 and we expect
 2023 is going to be another busy year
 with important development, excuse me,
 milestones to our priority molecules and other pipeline programs we're looking
 forward to the results of four pivotal studies, including our semester on, in
 second and third line metastatic
 breast cancer, as well as the phase 3
 results of death in esoticoag alpha
 in hemophilia.
 You read out of
 depiction in
 chronic cold induced
 may add another dermatological indication
 addressing a population of 25,000 patients in the U.S. alone.
 We also anticipate making further important pivotal trial decisions, especially in oncology
 and vaccines.
 Moving to Cyber 34 and to ESG, you may remember that our social impact strategy was approved
 by the Sanofi Board little more than a year ago.
 Our renewed concept with society is fully aligned and embedded with our business strategy and ambitions.
 And we make good progress across all our core pillars.
 Today, I would like to highlight some achievements in the area of affordable access.
 The mission of the Sanofi Global Health Unit we created last year
 is to increase access
 to essential medicines
 in some of the world's poorest countries.
 In the area of malaria, TB, and non-communicable diseases, we've increased both the number
 of patients reached
 and the number of countries.
 In addition, Sanofi is committed to helping 1,000 patients
 living with rare diseases
 who have no access to treatment.
 We donated, again, more than 100,000 vials in 2021.
 on.
 builds on a 30 year
 humanitarian commitment to patient
 suffering from rare diseases
 such as
 Sabri, Gaucher, and Pompey diseases.
 Moving to slide 35, as we look into the 2022 calendar,
 We will update you every quarter on our new initiatives happening across the four pillars of our ESG strategy.
 this quarter
 who wants to put the focus on access.
 We are proud to announce a partnership with Medtronic Labs and the launch of a multi-country, multi-year collaboration in the field of non-communicable diseases.
 Together, we will leverage digital health
 and a community-based approach
 to improve disease awareness, diagnosis, and management of diabetes and hypertension
 in strong collaboration with health system partners.
 The public health burden of NCDs is staggering, with 35 million deaths globally, of which
 $28 million per curve in low- to middle-income countries every year.
 This project will contribute to strengthening health systems
 as they build towards universal health coverage
 and sustainable development goals.
 On my final slide, let me touch on some planned events in the first half of this year.
 As mentioned, we expect to have further tolerated data presented at Actroms
 and we'll organise a virtual event around this.
 invites will be sent out shortly.
 we also plan for an update
 on our immunology pipeline
 including duplexant in late March.
 As part of this update, we will revise upward our peak sales potential for this medicine.
 We are currently finalising our plans for an event focused on ESG
 that we hope can take place in the June-July time frame.
 Well, let's open the call now for Q&A.
 Thank you.
 Now open the call to your questions.
 We would like to limit the questions to each so we can call up a number of the participants.
 You have two options to participate, click the right hand icon at the bottom of your
 you will be notified when your line is open to ask your questions.
 At that time, please make sure you unmute your microphone or option to submit your question
 by clicking the Q&A icon at the bottom of the screen
 and your question will be read out.
 Can we now have to put questions?
 Yes, the first question comes from Gimala Kapadia from Bernstein. Gimala?
 Oh, great.
 Thank you very much for taking my questions
 of the Macapodic Interest team.
 So first, can I just ask on the U.S. flu business?
 of you know
 the kind of year-on-year
 Thomas, you flagged a 17% market contraction in volumes.
 So could you just provide a bit more color on your expectations for the volume value
 mix for the U.S. in 22.
 what was the level of coverage
 in 21 was that actually below
 historical pre-COVID levels
 and if still, should we be getting a nice bounce in coverage in 2022,
 specifically to the U.S.
 And then my second question is just on the OX-40.
 we had some
 data last year for Logsporting
 program
 which is now a priority asset.
 I'm just curious how you're thinking about targeting the Ox40 versus the Ox40 ligand.
 And then I'd love to hear, you know, how you think about the duration of effect.
 But just given looking at Amgen's drug, it looked rather compelling on that front.
 Have you seen anything from your own asset suggesting a similar efficacy profile with time?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Vima.
 Great questions.
 Thank you, Vima.
 Tomer, SLU, coverage, read across the 22.
 thank you very much
 Indeed, you understood very well
 that the U.S. flu situation in 2021 was a very specific U.S. situation with minus 17
 on the overall volume for the U.S.
 but that means that it was lower than 2019.
 very specific to the US again
 as you've seen from the other markets
 and completely linked to the COVID-19 specifications.
 you know very well that there was a lot of confusion
 with different applications being licensed at the same time
 and a lot of discussions on the boosters.
 so definitely we don't see that
 as a plane moving forward for 2022, because, of course, if you end up being in 2021 with
 the U.S. vaccine coverage below 2019 that gives room for growth, so we are very confident
 about 2022
 we expect
 to see both volume and value increase in the U.S.,
 that is here
 to give you an example and i think it's a good illustration of what could happen in the u.s for
 of flu in 2022.
 I think everybody has understood that there needs to be some fixes on the U.S. food coverage.
 And CMS has very interestingly decided to increase the flu vaccine administration fee from $17 to $30 for those for the season in age 2022 in the U.S.
 So I think there's going to be a strong CDC understanding, as well as a strong retailer
 preparation to make sure that 2022 is very different from 2021.
 And that's why we're expecting a record flu season overall for Sanofi Pasteur and indeed
 an increase of flu in the U.S. in 22 versus 21.
 Thank you. Thank you, Thomas.
 that grader here comes to my few vaccines.
 John Reed
 ox 40 leg and I think the question
 from the model is vibration and efficacy
 and maybe you'll have some thoughts on tolerability as well.
 Yeah, I think it was about OX40, the receptor, versus OX40, the ligand.
 and we prefer
 the ligand because it is
 induced
 on interpresenting cells, so its quantity in the body is less,
 whereas OX40 is more heavily expressed on a conspicuous basis and can, you know,
 Maybe you're going to have to dose higher to neutralize it.
 But more importantly, I think, than that is the fundamental difference in the mechanisms of our molecule,
 amlitellamab coming from the
 codonide acquisition versus the Kirin antibody that Amgen has accessed.
 the care
 is a depleting molecule
 that actually kills the cells that express OX40,
 whereas we have a non-depleting antibody that modulates OX40's pathway.
 The downside of depleting is that both effector T cells, which are, you know, contributing to the autoimmunity,
 but also regulatory T-cells that we need for suppressing autoimmunity express ARX40.
 So over time, you'd have the risk of depleting those necessary regulatory T-cells with a depleting mechanism.
 So we feel that in terms of long-term safety and durability of the effects that a non-depleting
 antibody targeting the ligand
 is really a superior way to go.
 Thank you, John.
 Can there be more?
 Next question.
 The next question will come from Richard Bosser at J.P. Morgan.
 Richard?
 thanks very much
 for taking my question
 two questions
 these
 first line
 just
 on flu
 as well
 just
 could you talk about your
 manufacturing capacity and supply
 and how that will develop and the demand that you might see for high-dose beyond Germany in Europe.
 And then second question, there's clearly been quite a lot of interest for consumer assets early on this year.
 Does that lead you to change or accelerate any of your plans for the consumer business going forward?
 Thanks very much.
 Thanks, Richard.
 and I'll
 First of all, I'll compliment Tom and the team on what they've done with the HIDOS launch,
 and particularly this year and remotely and incredibly in Germany.
 So the question is supply and beyond.
 Thanks, Richard.
 Definitely no concern at all on U.S. or non-U.S. food supply.
 we are very confident
 you know very well
 that last year we added a new
 flu building in Sweetwater, you know
 also that we are further investing into additional flusonidose antigen for the mid to long term
 with the Canada plant.
 So, really moving forward on that and feeling very confident on supply service here.
 Of course, as every single year, we are always receiving the northern emissary season as
 of February, and at the end of the
 The Q2 call usually, we take that moment at the Q2 call to make a little bit of an update
 When it comes to demand, as you've highlighted, the Sanofi vaccines team has done very strongly
 this year in Germany.
 We expect this to further grow.
 There is room to grow in Germany.
 when it comes to other markets in Europe
 We are going to introduce IN22 in a couple of new markets in Europe, but you know very
 Anyway, when it comes to vaccines and flu introduction, it's about having preferential
 recommendation.
 but having reimbursement, so we'll start new countries in Europe little by little until
 We have the right to reimbursement in place, and then we will provide the supply.
 Thank you. Thank you, Toma.
 The consumer question, you know, I think I've got where you're heading.
 which is I think the thing for us
 to get back to what we said.
 Cover the market.
 day December 2019 we thought we could grow faster than we were growing we
 We thought we could carve in increased agility, accelerate growth, make better choices, prioritize, leverage e-commerce, and run fast all the way to the switches.
 and I think
 Julie and the team
 And we've done an incredible job, frankly, in doing that.
 and we're really delighted with the progress we made.
 We know a lot happens outside with other companies and different things,
 but we know the choices that we made back in 19
 and we're very happy with how things are performing.
 Okay. Next question.
 the next question will be from
 Luisa Hector at Bernberg
 Lisa?
 Thank you for taking my question
 possibly for JB
 but you mentioned the headcount reduction.
 And I just wondered if you can give us an update on the EuroAPI spin timing and gating items.
 and then also on
 at price margin
 And so, clearly,
 very good progression
 so you're working very hard on this
 and it's paying off
 Can you guide us to whether to think about a continued improvement
 through 2023
 when Abagio Generics provides.
 Thank you.
 okay thank you
 So JB, you'll always get the fun ones, so maybe there's a your API question.
 It was probably related to headcount.
 You may want to go a tiny bit broader and then, of course, goes larger than that.
 Yeah, so officially we
 to transform, we have the new business
 model operating in some countries
 but we have also
 this API activity
 which is going to be a leader
 in its fields.
 on that.
 So, JETU is in those four.
 It's 1.2022.
 We are on course to do this.
 So, yeah, as planned, Luisa, we're looking forward to making it happen in the next one.
 On the gross margin, effectively we have delivered on 21, we are guiding again on improvement.
 On the midterm, I won't make a gross margin guidance multi-year,
 but is there something which is
 a strong element you have to keep in mind
 is that on our main asset duplicate, we are going to have quite a transformative journey
 in terms of cogs, which should really help us to neutralize any price erosion we could
 have because we are looking at implementing new manufacturing processes that will deliver
 strongly in terms of COGS improvement.
 So that's a clear piece.
 Thank you.
 and you didn't ask me, but I'm glad you asked the questions
 because, you know, there's a huge amount of words, you know,
 And while we're advancing the pipeline 3060 programs in early development, the six acquisitions,
 I think what does get missed out of our discussion a little bit occasionally
 is the fundamental work that's going into reshaping the company,
 the right size in the company, of course.
 But more importantly, you know, we're having an IPO in the first half of this year.
 at the same time
 we're carving in
 a consumer business
 And on all these things, we're outperforming whilst doing them, whilst delivering on the science and the overall financial performance and the commitments we made to the street for 2022.
 So, you know, we really feel like, you know, the level and scale of transformation that
 happening is perhaps not fully understood
 So then it's okay.
 but it's extensive.
 So maybe next question.
 Yes, next question will come from Simon, Simon Mather at Xane.
 Simon.
 Thank you for taking my questions and loving the new branding, by the way.
 and the first question
 you have to go
 you know, you've given guidance for 19, 10 tax records,
 2022. If you look at consensus
 it's an LCA that's something
 I mean, in fact, it's quite high.
 Just wondering if you can potentially comment on the sustainability of this tax rate or
 how we should maybe, you know,
 we visit our expectations there.
 And then the second one, it's just on the picture and thank you for the update.
 timeframes with respect to guidance.
 I mean, I think it's clean.
 you blow everything out of the water in terms of
 safety and efficacy in a topic on cyclists.
 I appreciate it.
 Thank you for the day.
 So maybe could you comment on any impact that you're seeing or that you expect to see with
 of the recent launch of chisopatidin in severe asthma and feedback that we may be getting
 Okay, well, thank you for the kind words on the branding.
 you know
 for those
 that haven't
 followed it closely, you know, it is the original font from our birth in 1973, and it's also
 an opportunity for us
 to be a little bit more destructive
 and Unify the company as well at the same time.
 So, I'm glad that it's recognized.
 I think it's more dynamic thanks and reflective of the comments I made earlier, how much the
 transformation is happening here.
 and for that high-energy question to tax, John McChese.
 So, cheers.
 Thank you very much.
 it's a
 And I've turned on our effective tax rate, 200 bits, but effectively, as I said in my
 in my previous speech.
 which is really something which is dependent
 further changes in the taxidiscision.
 vision.
 structural good trends
 unless it's at the underlying tax rate
 between 19 and 20
 but as we speak
 I don't know what will be the full impact of Pillar 2 or of changes of taxation in some other regions like the U.S.
 So, yeah, a good trend.
 with a big chunk of it linked to our business on tax rates in France also,
 which is going positively, but that could be disturbed in the mid-term by other changes in other regions.
 Thank you, J.B.
 thanks also
 time for the
 compliments on Dupixen, which is, you know, frankly, incredible performance and led by
 Bill and the team so Bill
 comments about new entrants
 and early new signals
 Yeah, well, thank you for the question.
 You know, none of the new entrants are a surprise, for one thing.
 We've been planning on these.
 We've been waiting, in some cases, extended waits for the Jags because they were almost a year delayed.
 and while it's new competition
 in the U.S., you know, we've had
 these competitors that have already launched in
 Germany and on the way in Japan as well.
 So we're certainly used to them.
 And I think the one thing that they do is they really reinforce our best
 and disease clinical profile that we have.
 You know, just go back to the biology.
 Targeting aisle 4 and aisle 13, that is fundamental to type 2 inflammation, and no other product
 has been able to show the profile that we have
 in any of the type 2 diseases, and, you know, clearly starting with atopic dermatitis where
 we are the leader now.
 But asthma as well, you know, the profile, again, we think is the top, the best profile that is in asthma.
 where it came really very promising signs all around the world
 of our ability to compete and win in the asthma space.
 Just one comment, you know, as we have competition come into the atopic dermatitis market,
 It actually helps to serve to grow the market, grow awareness of atopic dermatitis, et cetera.
 And, you know, as we've had competitors launch in other countries, as I said,
 Germany and Japan, we have seen market
 expansion.
 So that's what we expect.
 That's part of our aspiration to have a 25% to 30% advanced therapy penetration in atopic
 dermatitis over time.
 that's one of the contributors
 But, you know, the one thing that's clear is that we are on top.
 We remain on top, and we believe being best in disease, we will stay on top.
 Sorry, can I have apologies to interrupt?
 Yeah, I think I said to Jeff, that's right.
 I've got it on my brain.
 I mean, Tessa Palomar is in the U.S.
 Is there any early feedback you could share?
 No, there's really nothing that we're seeing.
 It's still very early.
 You know, we're staying.
 We're staying with the trends that we've seen.
 Yeah, just to add a kind of point to Bill, which is, you know, I think the assumption
 is always this is
 There is some game.
 you know
 stay with the
 checks, for example, the baggage, and you know with the 13s, it's half the answer missing
 the four.
 so
 you know
 and you know
 that most of these mechanisms have failed
 in at least one of the indications that Dupy has already approved.
 and
 Tessie would probably be in that box too
 I think it broke an idea, if I remember correctly.
 so
 So we're, on one hand, we're the only medicine that will play in every indication.
 On the other hand, as Bill said, and I think it gets missed every time,
 A little bit of competition to help drive up penetration of advanced therapies is absolutely essential.
 those comments about Germany
 should not be underestimated
 because, you know, we obviously will carry the education of these disease areas,
 but it's good that others want to come in
 and try and do that too
 and you're growing markets
 who are the market leader, it's a very healthy place for us to be on behalf of patients.
 Okay, next question, please.
 next question
 will be from
 Graham Parry at Bengals America.
 Yeah, Graham.
 Great
 time to take
 my questions
 And so congratulations on getting an hour into the call
 without a mirror of three questions.
 I'm afraid we're going to break that.
 So I'm just wondering, have you accrued all events now and in Datalock?
 and so we still
 look for
 he won
 uh
 readout on that study
 and the elicestrant results
 I think it's led to some concern in the market that oral serves only show benefit in ESR1 mutated patients
 who are obviously more rare in the front line setting
 and I think I've seen some pessimism around
 you know, the potential in front lines.
 and say,
 perhaps if you could just address that point.
 And then secondly, a question on M&A.
 You've done a lot of smaller pipeline deals of late.
 Um,
 obviously
 biotech
 valuations
 have fallen
 somewhat
 at the
 moment
 that's really
 the weakness that you're seeing
 in biotech prices
 that you see more value
 an opportunity
 apps to build out further in oncology
 where I think you highlighted
 is still a key target.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Graham.
 I didn't hear the first part of your question.
 so
 oh right
 it's an Amira
 Swede question
 thank you
 for raising it
 so I'm going to
 toss it to John, I don't know if you heard it, it was
 you know
 the
 competition
 should
 more efforts
 I think
 in ESR mutation.
 and so what's really the cost for us
 and where are we on database locked and reporting it in Q1.
 Right, right.
 Okay, Graham, no, thank you.
 In terms of the activity of RCERD on wild-type versus mutant estrogen receptor,
 we're fully active on both
 whereas the competitor molecule is better on the mutant than on the wild types.
 So that's not at all a liability for us.
 And so it is one of the differentiators of our molecule and one of the many factors that we think gives it a best-in-class profile along with the pristine colorability.
 you know
 We expect to have the data this quarter with respect to MIRA-3 and the late line
 that affect breast cancer.
 I'm also pleased to report we're fully enrolled now in the frontline study
 in combination with the CDK4-6 inhibitor and that are, at first,
 of our adjuvant studies is now open
 for enrollment so we're making
 good progress across the spectrum
 from early to late line in each of these indications
 where we think amcestrin has a strong value proposition for women with hormone receptor-positive breast cancers.
 Thank you, John.
 So categorically, Graham, results in Q1.
 Okay, JV, M&A?
 yeah
 well
 I do think that our many activities are not related to the peak and froth of the valuation of biotech.
 It's much more dependent on the leadership of our R&D team and on John's scouting for
 the right asset, which is really fitting with our strategy, really fitting with our TAs.
 so no specific impact
 from the current level of aviation
 it will be a countdown but we we are still on for both an acquisitions of
 of course.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 The next question will be from Tim Anderson at Wolf.
 Tim, your question, please.
 Thank you.
 A couple of questions.
 So going back to oral service, we'll be getting two readouts this year from two similarly designed trials later like this.
 your trial and then
 Russia's trial.
 What companies can invest in class?
 Do you think these upcoming data sets would help prove which company is right
 and which company is wrong in making that claim?
 or would that not become clearer
 until we get additional trial readouts, such as in the first line setting.
 and then second
 would love to get your thoughts on
 lilies, lebritizumab,
 they're saying
 and they think that will have a profile that's very competitive to Duke Xcent
 to talk about differentiation in ocular side effects.
 And I'm wondering what your thoughts are on them as a competitor.
 they do know the dermis pays well because of TALS.
 Thank you.
 Okay, a few good things in there.
 John, given Roche's data and our impending data,
 do you think we'll be able to declare a winning profile this year?
 No, it's a good question.
 I'm not sure that these late
 line settings are, you know, the best place to really differentiate on efficacy, where
 we do feel confident that we'll be able to perhaps differentiate is on the safety tolerability
 profile where
 where so far, you know,
 Anson Estrin has really been
 delivering a best-in-class profile, whereas molecules from others, including Roche, have
 in showing safety signals around cardiac issues and, in some cases, vision issues.
 So, you know, I think that's probably the best answer I can give you for now.
 I would probably be looking to how the tolerability profiles hold up in these early lines
 as opposed to hinging a lot on the efficacy profile given, you know,
 the, a lot of the
 that heterogeneity in these patient populations you see in the late line
 and therefore the difficulty
 to really do cross-trial comparisons in an apples-to-apples way.
 Thanks, John.
 reiterate to everybody we haven't seen the data we are optimistic that we're in
 good spot and
 we look forward to getting it. You all know
 I think it's a small indication if we are successful.
 so in terms of value perspective
 it's not as important
 although it may bring benefit to those that need it let's be frank
 but from a confidence perspective
 We know it's important to everybody.
 so when we have the data
 You'll be soon after us in terms of knowing.
 as I do think
 Whereas in most of the areas I've worked in, tolerability inevitably plays a part, particularly
 this, as we move earlier lines, and Jonathan touched on it, tolerability will be a key
 differentiator, and if I understand correctly, the competitor you referenced at a lower dose
 continues to have coddly toxic challenges.
 So, you know, we think those things are going to be very, very important over the longer term.
 bill
 aisle 13
 Lily is saying that they have a winning profile.
 Yeah, well, thanks for the question.
 You know, as Paul said, I think, earlier on with the IL-13, it's incomplete.
 It's missing the IL-4.
 things starting with the biology, it's not the
 complete biology.
 So when you take a look at their results, let's remember these are Phase II B results.
 They're still waiting on their later results.
 there's nothing that really stands out
 from our perspective, efficacy looks fine.
 the conjunctivitis looks
 It's similar to depiction.
 You know, I think some of the big differences are is that we're six years ahead at that point by the time they launch.
 we are a mega blockbuster
 would become the standard of care.
 So I think for somebody to come in with something that isn't so much to offer,
 You know, I think that that is, regardless of your experience in a therapeutic area,
 it's not therapeutic experience in atopic dermatitis.
 So, you know, as we said, it's part of the story.
 aisle 13, certainly not the full.
 we've got the best profile
 Yeah, thanks, Rob.
 Oh, I'm sorry I was going to follow on.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thanks.
 Yeah, for mine, it's great that I have experience with telts.
 I have a lot of experience with Cosentics, and nobody's got the experience that we have in AD.
 and I'm telling you
 what the team has done with D-Pixen is incredible
 Well, we never underestimate competition, particularly well-organized ones.
 But it starts with the biology, like Bill said, and if you have got half the answer, you have a long road to hoe.
 I'm sure they'll make some progress
 But let's go all the way back to the fundamental, which is additional weight in the market to help educate and improve penetration is welcome.
 and if we have the best profile
 which we believe we do
 then we will disproportionately benefit from that.
 So, you know, we look forward to the meeting in March where we'll update you in more detail
 about our forecast and indeed our immunology pipeline in general.
 Next question, I think.
 Yes, next question comes from Mark Fassel at Tim August 70.
 Mark, if you have a question.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for it.
 Thanks, everyone.
 two questions
 Especially on the defixement
 Could you give us an update in terms of where you are in terms of advanced therapy penetration
 rates in AD versus the 25% to 30% you just gave, and also some idea of an indication
 split, but ahead of the
 29th of March
 just to sort of get us
 in the mood.
 perhaps before you could help us understand
 sort of where you believe in the future
 a US ex-US that could be
 obviously
 ex-U.S. growing 80% from a lower base than the U.S.
 that where eventually do you feel
 extra
 US that could be.
 And then the second one on full 707 on style 245, the IL2, phase three go-and-go decisions
 coming up in the second half this year.
 So I wonder if you'd help us understand which indications and lines of therapy those decisions
 have been made on
 if it's monotherapy or combination therapy
 and what are the gating decisions
 when making a hurdle into phase three.
 Okay, thank you, Mo.
 Bill
 I think the question is
 Where are we now?
 and what is the penetration
 and how did it evolve towards that 20 to 30% silky environment?
 Yeah, so thanks for the question.
 And we've got, you know, still a long way to go.
 Just to give you a sense, in U.S. adult AD, it's 7.9%.
 And when I say the finish line is looking at, you know, 25%, 30%,
 which is a little bit, it's in the range of psoriasis, maybe a little bit higher.
 we've got a long way to go
 So just reinforcing what Paul and what said along the way, new competitors in the marketplace
 I hope to accelerate that.
 regarding U.S.
 XUS, you know, we have seen
 kind of similar patterns in every market that we've launched in the world following the U.S.
 from a growth perspective.
 We continue to see that.
 We expect that.
 So we're not going to comment on what we think the alternate geographic distribution will be or indications for it.
 Yeah.
 You know, I think as well, you know, as Europe always takes some time to get through the reimbursement cycles.
 and so it always starts slower
 then it always gets more interesting
 and then everybody always starts to ask questions about it.
 and we don't need to try
 the relative
 the proportions but
 the fact that the rest of the world
 will just get stronger and stronger in terms of its contribution
 because the medicine is so good
 and I think Bill mentioned China earlier.
 That is quite a 30,000 patients in just months.
 I think starts to help you understand where we might be heading.
 John
 Sartu
 four five or
 for my name is
 4707.
 Likely indication split
 and thoughts on, I think
 it was common.
 Yeah, thanks for the question.
 And maybe before I jump into Star 245, though, since you brought up the immunology event coming in March,
 We're really looking forward to not only talking about Dupixent, but also the broader portfolio.
 You know, we've grown from just six molecules in development for immunology to now 17.
 and so you'll be
 you know, hearing about our
 biologics that include amlitelemab,
 the AX40 Ligon,
 Itopecumab, the IL-33 antibody in development for COPD,
 We are engineered interleukin-2 on the other flip side of the story,
 Thor 809 that stimulates regulatory T-cells instead of effector T-cells, or bispecific
 multicevic nanobodies
 that do nifty things like
 neutralizing both TNF and IL-23 in a single molecule,
 the new concept for inflammatory bowel disease, CD40 ligand, et cetera, as well as our oral
 small molecule portfolio of
 rilzabrutinib, a unique BTK inhibitor, a ripkinase inhibitor,
 a oral TNF inhibitor, and the IRAC-4 degrader.
 So that portfolio of immunology has really blossomed, and we look forward to talking more about that in March.
 Now, the SAR-245, we have a large-platform study underway in lung, head and neck, GI, skin, and lymphoma.
 And like most companies, we sort of started with the obvious to do combinations of PD-1,
 and we're pursuing that.
 But this year, we will be embarking on novel combos with other kinds of mechanisms.
 I would note, for example, that we have three T-cell engagers now in development.
 We have our first NK cell engager went into development.
 We have our universal allogeneic NK cell platform.
 So there's a lot to think about as combination opportunities with SAR245
 across a range of solid tumors and hematologic malignancies.
 This will be a rich year for generating those early data signals.
 We're eagerly anticipating what we might be able to do with this best-in-class engineered version of interleukin-2.
 Thanks, John.
 so I do think
 and we've talked about it actually quite recently,
 the number of signals that we're going to get across the pipeline
 in oncology is going to be
 quite interesting this year
 while we know they're only early for some of you, Furnham,
 but we would like to be an emerging player in oncology.
 There'll be nice moments for us to make some decisions about which way to go, and we're
 optimistic.
 Next question, please.
 Yeah, the next question would be from Emanuel Kodakis at Deutsche Bank.
 You want to run?
 Thank you for taking the question
 perhaps I could
 fill up with one
 on evidence
 Fultkog
 just your
 expectations
 all your ambitions
 perhaps for the upcoming pivotal data.
 I think you said you're hoping to show near-normal expression
 by a 40% factory in four days.
 What sort of figures would you be hoping to be showing in seven days
 and what kind of
 share implications
 do you think that could have relative to what they're locked as at present?
 And indeed, if you could give us some comment on where you think a doctor is presently,
 that would be helpful as well.
 And then that's the second question on the ship 2K,
 I was given a decision to progress the combination
 to phase 2 with Amgen.
 just wondering if you see it in the data
 to find confidence
 on synergy for that combination
 Given
 the
 pretty clear
 lack of
 ship tube
 monotherapy activity
 and the timing of that potentially
 I
 and
 either phase one or phase from the ongoing phase two
 being presented to us
 at the scientific conference
 That would be helpful.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Emmanuel.
 Well, um, then let's, I'll come to you in a moment, but Bill, I don't know if you have any comment on that.
 which I may have two as well on FNSOptocon.
 I don't think we've declared what our expectation is, but, you know, certainly our profile is going to be best in class.
 So Bill, do you want to comment?
 Yeah, I think that's right.
 I think if you take a look at what we showed in the phase two, which showed that, you know,
 over half the week, four days where you're at essentially a near normal level.
 And by the end of the week, it tapers off, too, in the 10%, I believe.
 Yeah, but still quite strong protection even at the end of the week.
 Yeah.
 I mean,
 You just look on the slide that I showed, you know, no one's even close to that.
 And no one's even close to that with a once weekly.
 So this we consider really transformative in the hemophilia A space.
 You know, when you think about patients, kids who want to have an active lifestyle,
 and if you can give them
 something they've never seen before, then maybe for, you know, just a brief moment, normal,
 and you do that for the better part of the week
 you know, you begin to think about giving them a little bit more of their life back
 and being active and so forth.
 So, you know, we're really excited.
 That's what, you know, we expect to see that in our phase three release.
 We hope, you know, it set a pretty high bar, set a high bar for us, set a high bar for the market, I think, overall.
 So, you know, stay tuned.
 More to come on that one, but, you know, this is really something which is different.
 No one's been able to offer this before, so I think, you know, we're hearing patient community
 He's really excited.
 Yeah, and now I've heard that too, obviously, Bill, and I think the real question is, could
 They're even longer, depending on which the patient's longer term.
 I mean, it gets very exciting for them as well,
 to find our confidence in the building.
 You know, the gene therapy, at least this generation, doesn't seem to be, you know,
 definitive
 and of course
 from Libra
 comes more towards
 weekly or bi-weekly
 itself
 you know, then the opportunity was perhaps even bigger than we thought
 when we started on this journey, I'll be honest.
 and of course half the markets
 so quite interesting for us
 John maybe
 ship to KRAS
 Yeah, so, you know, the reason that we're pursuing that combination is because in preclinical studies
 where we and others tried different combinations of SHIFT-2
 various other signal transaction blocking molecules,
 that was always consistently the place where we saw the best combination from efficacy,
 so the most synergy.
 and again this is not just
 It's Sanofi data, but it's Mirati data, it's Amgen data, et cetera.
 So we think that if there's a combination where Ship 2 can shine, this is it.
 and we're doing the studies this year.
 It's another one of these where the signals will be the important determinant of what kind of trajectory we can take with that mechanism.
 so that's the rationale
 and the data will ultimately speak for themselves, and we'll be gathering it this year.
 thanks John
 And maybe, Amir, I'll just thank you for the research you did on Reserock.
 I found it really interesting how physicians were really thinking confident already and
 about moving to earlier lines.
 I mean, of course, it's just a survey, but it was very insightful, and we enjoyed reading that.
 so thank you for that work
 You're welcome, sir.
 Congratulations on the strong launch.
 Thank you very much.
 means a lot
 Okay.
 Yes, last question would be from Matthew Weston at Credits with Matthew.
 Um, it's, uh, it's June here.
 I'm sorry.
 I think
 I have two questions
 on Doopey, I wonder
 you've given us the 8%
 penetration in the
 US adult market
 in AD, perhaps half of the sales potential comes from other indications.
 so I wonder if you could just tell us how successful you've been in penetrating things like asthma
 so that we can see how broad the appeal of this is beyond atopic dermatitis.
 and I noticed that you're going to update
 your sales projections
 but that's before you have the
 C-O-P-Z tater
 I thought you were waiting for that
 before you gave us an update
 and my second question would be on
 Aoife
 so I would have
 Assume that if somebody was interested in efficacy, but not so concerned on safety,
 they may already have
 moved from a factor to a non-factor
 So safety is likely to be a very important part in making the decisions for these patients
 to move on to your new product.
 How much safety data will you have at the time of submission and of launch,
 what makes you so confident
 that people won't think that the different pharmacodynamics of this factor
 could impact on the safety characteristics of the product.
 Okay, we'll just follow in there.
 Okay, you always keep me guessing.
 and sometimes you can't connect, and then you're here with Matthew Weston.
 but I don't know which way
 I'm glad that we got to the
 questions
 Doofy
 and other indications
 penetration
 well yeah so
 So, you know, if you look, Joe, in asthma, we're at about 19% biologic penetration.
 Okay, so that's the starting point.
 And then, as you've heard from a per-specialty perspective,
 we're
 meeting in each of the
 Each of the specialists would depict them.
 and the other
 the other indications
 Yeah, look, it depends, again, on the bio-penetration.
 And, you know, they're pretty low.
 We're starting with, you know, a brand new indication, so to speak, with Naval Pulse.
 We're the only player there still working on the epi a little,
 but it appears as though we're having good, strong penetration there.
 I won't give a number at this time.
 Regarding, the second question was on,
 Well, there's one about why aren't we waiting for the CDPD data, and I'm sorry I'm happy
 to answer, but then we'll move to a fake
 It's an efficacy trade-off on FNSOctocode.
 Yeah, that's what we get to with John.
 So, Joe, we can't win.
 If we wait, you say, why are you waiting?
 and if we don't wait, you see why we're not waiting.
 So we're sort of the trips in between.
 I think because the COPD data is in 23, I think we all felt that a good time to take
 stock would be towards the end of Q1 and using a deeper immunology catch-up that we think
 That's what we're doing.
 And of course, we won't be able to declare a new peak without referencing, you know,
 that it's like, you know, it'll be different with CRPD if the data reads out.
 how we frame that
 when we're very early in the thinking.
 so stay loose on that until we get there
 But I just don't think, given the run rate and the prescriptions,
 that we could ask people to wait a full year
 or more actually
 to understand what the
 it could be. John, I don't
 you've got it all on the safety efficacy
 trade-off on what data we'll have
 Yeah, I'm a little, actually I'm a little surprised by the question because the safety of this next generation factor VIII is pristine.
 There have been no safety signals.
 We don't have any reason, really, to believe there would be any.
 So you could almost say, you know, to some extent that way was paved with products like E-Lotate,
 which fuses an FC region on to factor VIII,
 and here there are some additional embellishments with the so-called Xtend technology,
 but that had also been de-risked with other molecules that had been taken to the clinic,
 including an approved product.
 So the components of the molecule have all been de-risked, and we've not seen any safety liabilities.
 on the other hand
 And if you think about alternatives, they do have some safety, historical safety baggage.
 so I really think
 a safety standpoint, again, we come out best in class.
 Yeah, and John, just to add to that, you know, I think clearly from an efficacy perspective, we win too.
 I mean, no one's, if you look at the comparison where emetizumab is, if you try to, you know,
 estimate where it is, it's nowhere near normal, right?
 It's nowhere near normal.
 factor level.
 So, you know, we're really confident that we win on the safety for, you know, just redefine the safety bar.
 And then if you're looking at a weekly dose, that's pretty convenient as well.
 So, you know, I think across both parameters, we're in really good shape.
 Yeah, thank you.
 You know, when I joined the company, a lot of people asked questions like,
 did the company not understand
 and Libra was coming
 when we got into Fatou Serrano 001
 and half the people
 responsible for
 Libra work for us
 now.
 John really
 thanks
 But one thing we did learn was that these patients are dynamic and they will move fast
 If they see a better choice to be made, particularly if you're not a two-monthly, you're actually
 every one to two weeks, in the case of the non-factor.
 built a
 you know
 It's a very new standard.
 I think the competition needs to be a slightly more concern
 that the patients are much more likely to change.
 It's what got them their position in the first place,
 And it's what we'll do when we launch with EFRA, which is not that far away.
 So thank you for those questions.
 thank you to everybody
 for the energy
 and the contribution
 I'm delighted by the way
 As always, we're starting to transition more towards science and the transformation of the company,
 a little less
 just on the basic financials
 Every day we're responsible for.
 don't even think
 there were not.
 But we think in terms of value creation and in the right to bring our pipeline forward
 and surprise you is very, very important.
 nothing's off the table
 we're shaping the template in real time
 you may not see it
 you're not part of it
 But I think as we look back, I like to, particularly this whole year,
 you know, we get to look at the distance traveled just in 12 months.
 I think it feels like we've come an awful long way.
 And while we've got some news flow up ahead of us,
 and we hope it's all positive, you know,
 We will keep moving forward, finding signals and advancing 36 programs that were not moving
 last year, sorry, the beginning of last year, the move last year, and 10 first in human
 for the first time
 in the company's history.
 the penny should be dropping
 that our ability to pivot
 on science is really
 in full flight.
 so thank you to everybody on the team
 Thank you, Tyle, and thanks for being on the call.
 Thank you very much. You may now disconnect.
 Thank you.