 Good day and welcome to CULT's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call.
 today's call is being recorded at this time for opening remarks and introductions i'd like to
 turn the call over to Ms. Drew Anderson.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, and welcome to the CULT conference call to review the company's results for the third quarter of fiscal 2020.
 As we start, let me state that this morning's call will contain forward-looking statements
 about the business, financial condition, and prospects of the company.
 Forward-looking statements are statements that include projections, expectations,
 or beliefs about future events or results or otherwise are not statements of historical fact.
 The actual performance of the company could differ materially from that
 indicated by the forward-looking statements
 because of various risks and uncertainties.
 These risks and uncertainties are described in our regular SEC filings,
 including the company's most recent filings on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q.
 You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements made today.
 and each such statement speaks only
 as of today.
 We undertake no obligation to update or to revise forward-looking statements.
 In addition, during this call, the company will be discussing non-GAAP financial measurements,
 A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measurements to the most directly comparable
 gap financial measurement is included as a schedule to the company's 8K filed yesterday
 and posted on the company's website at CULT.com.
 A slide presentation with supporting summary financial information is also available on
 on the company's website as part of the webcast today.
 With respect to certain forward-looking free cash flow information, the comparable gap
 and reconciling information is not available
 without unreasonable effort.
 and its significance is similar to the significance of the historical free cash flow information,
 which is available in the 8K filed yesterday and posted on the company's website.
 I will now turn the call over to Yves Culp, Chief Executive Officer.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 good morning and thank you for joining us today
 I would like to welcome you to the quarterly conference call with analysts and investors.
 With me on the call today are Kim Bolling, Chief Financial Officer of CULP, and Boyd
 President of our upholstery fabrics business.
 We also have Frank Saxon, executive chairman of the company, who's dialing in remotely.
 I will now bring you to the call with some brief comments, and Ken will then review the
 financial results for the quarter.
 I will then update you on the strategic actions in each of our operating segments,
 And then after that, Ken will view our fourth quarter fiscal 2020 business outlook.
 We will then be happy to take any questions.
 Before I begin my comments on our third quarter results, I'd like to first address our thoughts
 regarding the coronavirus and any impact
 to our current supply chain.
 Currently,
 has not seen significant impacts
 from the virus in any of our businesses.
 In our upholstery fabrics business,
 Our Culp China location is operating at normal levels,
 for virtually all employees reporting to work.
 We've also built a stable, long-term supply base in China, and we work with vendors who
 favor CULP due to our strong
 trusted relationships.
 We've experienced minimal delays, as most of our suppliers have backed nearly full output
 and continue to prioritize our production.
 We have also relocated a considerable amount of our cut-and-sew production to two facilities we work with in Vietnam.
 home. Likewise, in both our mattress fabrics and home accessories business, we are not
 any delays in Asia and we also have significant alternative locations for
 production as needed.
 This includes production of sourcing capabilities
 in the U.S., Canada, Haiti, Vietnam, and Turkey.
 While we cannot predict whether the virus will have any negative impact on consumer confidence,
 and the U.S. consumer market, we believe our solid and stable supply chain and our global
 platform supports our ability
 to manage any disruption created by the outbreak.
 Now I'll turn to the third quarter results.
 As previously announced, our results for the quarter
 reflected in unexpected sales,
 particularly in our core business segments.
 while several external factors affected our results
 for the third quarter.
 we believe Culp is well-positioned for the medium and long term.
 Our global platform is reactive and is a distinct
 competitive advantage for the company, providing the ability to quickly respond
 to changing market dynamics.
 We also benefit from significant
 synergies across our business segments
 that are fostering collaboration and product development
 and allow us to better serve our customers in all markets.
 Above all, we remain focused on innovation and creative designs in all of our businesses,
 and we are confident in our product-driven strategy
 and the ability to meet the changing demands of a diverse customer base.
 Throughout fiscal 2020, we have maintained our position as a trusted supplier of fabrics for a global marketplace.
 in place.
 Importantly, we have the financial strength to support and execute our strategies and
 and continue returning funds to our shareholders.
 We look forward to the opportunities ahead for the remainder of fiscal 2020 and beyond.
 And I'll turn the call over to Ken,
 to review financial results for the quarter.
 Thank you, Ed.
 As mentioned earlier on the call,
 we have posted slide presentations to our investor relations website that
 to cover key performance measures.
 We've also posted our capital allocation strategy.
 Here are the financial highlights for the third quarter.
 Net sales was $72 million, down 6.8% compared with the prior year period.
 On a pre-tax gap basis, the company reported a net loss of $5.1 million.
 compared with a pre-tax income of $4.3 million for the third quarter of last year.
 As previously disclosed a few weeks ago on February 18th,
 The results for the third quarter of the current fiscal year
 include a reversal of a 6.1 million
 unrecorded contingent earn-out liability, as well as non-cash impairment charges of
 $13.6 million related to the
 Home Accessory Division, resulting in a non-cash net charge of $7.6 million.
 Excluding this net charge, adjusted pre-tax income,
 non-GAAP was 2.4 million for the third quarter of this fiscal year.
 The financial results for the third quarter of last fiscal year
 included approximately $769,000
 in restructuring and related charges and credits
 and other nonrecurring items due mostly to the closure of the company's
 Anderson, South Carolina, production facility.
 Excluding this net charge,
 pre-tax income for the third quarter of last year was $5 million.
 Net loss of tributal to Cope Inc. shareholders was $58,000, or 0 cents per diluted share,
 for the third quarter compared with net income of $3.2 million
 or $0.25 per diluted share for the prior year period.
 The results of the third quarter of both fiscal years include the respective charges
 and restructuring related credits I just noted.
 The effective income tax rate was 19% for the third quarter
 and 142.8% for the year-to-date period for this fiscal year.
 The company's high effective income tax rate for the year-to-date period
 reflects a significant decline in the company's
 projected annual
 Consolidated Taxable Income, particularly in the U.S., which includes the income tax
 effects of the asset
 impairment charges previously discussed, as well as the mix of
 consolidated taxable income that is
 earned by the company's foreign operations located in China and Canada
 have higher income rates
 in relation to the U.S.
 The current mix of taxable income has led to a significant increase
 in the effective income tax rate
 that is associated with our global
 intangible low-tax income, or GILTI tax, which represents a U.S. income tax on foreign earnings.
 Importantly, income taxes incurred in the U.S. on a cash basis for fiscal 2020 are expected
 be minimal due to the projected
 utilization of the company's
 U.S. federal net operating law
 carry forwards and immediate
 expensing of U.S. capital expenditures.
 Looking ahead to the rest of this fiscal year, we estimate that our consolidated effective
 income tax rate will remain high
 and being 120%,
 130% range based on the facts we know today and is affected by the factors noted above.
 Notably, the U.S. Treasury Department and Internal Revenue Service have issued newly
 proposed regulations that if
 and when enacted, and if
 inacted as proposed could provide us with some relief from the guilty tax under the
 proposed guilty high-tax exception election
 beginning in fiscal 2021 or later,
 subject to the timing of enactment
 and subject to any determination
 by the U.S. Treasury Department and IRS
 that the exception should apply retroactive.
 The proposed guilty tax, high-tax election is not available until the proposed regulations are finalized and effective.
 if the proposed
 guilty tax exception
 election is enacted as proposed and becomes effective for our fiscal
 20-21 year
 and assuming we do not have
 non-recurring charges or impairments that would reduce our pre-tax income, then based
 Based on current assumptions, we would estimate our tax rate for fiscal 2021 to be in the
 range of 35 to 50 percent.
 However, let me stress that there are a lot of moving parts that
 that affect this rate, including the many factors
 I've discussed previously.
 So this estimate could change.
 Trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA as of the end of the third quarter of this fiscal year was 19.6 million or 6.7% of sales.
 Consolidated return on capital for the trailing 12-month period was 8.7%.
 Now, let's take a look at our business segments.
 For the mattress fabric segment, sales were $33.1 million, down 7.4% compared to last year's third quarter.
 Operating income for the quarter was $1.8 million compared with $3.2 million a year ago.
 with an operating income margin of 5.4% compared with 9% a year ago.
 The operating performance was primarily affected by lower-than-expected sales.
 Return on capital for the trailing 12-month period for mattress
 fabrics was 14.1%.
 For the Uppulsi fabric segment, sales for the third quarter
 were $35 million, down 5.7% over the prior year,
 which prior year was a very strong quarter sales performance that was positively affected
 by advanced customer purchases in anticipation of additional tariffs.
 Operating income for the quarter was $3 million.
 compared with 3.8 million a year ago
 with operating income margin of 8.7% compared with 10.2% a year ago.
 We are pleased with the 8.7% margin this year,
 given that it was achieved during the quarter
 in which the Chinese New Year shutdown occurred.
 Return on capital for the trailing 12-month period
 for the upholstery fabric segment continues to be impressive, coming in at 54 percent.
 The home accessory segment, which includes our e-commerce and finished product business
 offering bedding accessories and home goods reported 3.9 million sales
 of the third quarter compared with $4.4 million a year ago.
 Operating loss for the quarter was $181,000, which reflects continuous
 of the year.
 from the $350,000 loss experienced in the second quarter
 and the $535,000 loss experience in the first quarter.
 We'll comment more on operating performance later on.
 Here are the balance sheet highlights.
 We reported $34.8 million total cash and investment
 An outstanding borrower of $925,000 for a net cash
 position of $33.9 million.
 For the first nine months of this fiscal year, we incurred $4.1 million of capital expenditures.
 We return $4.5 million to shareholders in regular quoted dividends
 and share repurchases through the third quarter of this fiscal year.
 We had negative cash flow from operations and negative free cash flow of $519,000 and $4.7 million respectively
 for the first months of this fiscal year
 due primarily to the timing of payments
 in advance of Chinese New Year shutdowns
 and higher-than-expected inventories, mostly in our mattress fabrics business.
 This compared with positive cash flow from operations
 and positive free cash flow of $8.1 million and $5.9 million,
 respectively for the prior year period.
 With better working capital performance, including better management of inventory,
 we expect cash flow from operations and pre-cash flow to improve significantly in the fourth quarter of this fiscal year.
 The company repurchased 56,000 shares of our common stock during the third quarter this year
 and repurchase approximately 86,000 additional shares
 through March 4th, leaving 3.3 million available under the previous Shared Repurchase Program.
 program.
 As reported in our press release, our board has approved an increase in our share repurchase
 authorization back to $5 million.
 Shares may be repurchased at the company's discretion from time to time in the open market
 or in privately negotiated transactions.
 We will continue to consider opportunities to repurchase shares at a
 time.
 to reflect a discount to our calculated intrinsic value per share.
 However, as highlighted in our capital allocation strategy,
 which is posted in the Investor Relations section of our website,
 We remain focused on a very disciplined approach to capital allocation,
 including maintaining a strong balance sheet
 and solid cash position, particularly
 given the current uncertainty
 in the global business environment.
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ed.
 Thanks, Kim.
 Let me start with the mattress fabric segment.
 our message fabric sales were lower than anticipated
 for the third quarter of the year
 as we were pressured by more than expected
 or we were pressured more than expected from holiday shutdowns
 and continued industry weakness for our legacy business customers.
 Mattress covers have become an increasingly important part of our business
 and losing multiple productive weeks for our class cover operations in Haiti and also in China
 caused a more significant impact
 when combined with softness in our legacy business.
 Also, the anti-dumping measures relating to low-priced mattress imports from China
 have not yet provided the relief expected for the domestic mattress industry.
 In spite of these challenges, we continue to manage our business
 with a relentless focus on creative designs,
 innovative products, and
 that we can expect to
 professional service.
 The whole platform supports these efforts with efficient production and distribution
 to provide a full complement of mattress fabrics and sun covers with the
 We have flexibility to adapt to evolving customer needs.
 We are strengthened by our existing manufacturing operations in the U.S.,
 Canada, Haiti, China, and our sourcing platform in Turkey.
 we expect to add fabric production capabilities in Vietnam this calendar
 year, and we're also expanding our
 its own cover production capabilities in Haiti
 with a new building and additional equipment.
 We believe these expansions will enhance our abilities to serve customers.
 Further, while the domestic disruption from low-priced mattress imports appears to be
 continuing, as a result of many imports moving from China now to other countries, we believe
 of our strong global platform for fabric and covers in Asia
 has us well positioned to capture market share
 with imported mattresses going forward.
 Additionally, while the holiday shutdowns disrupted our class operations in Haiti and
 China during the third quarter, we are pleased with the continued growth of our
 nationality.
 mattress cover business.
 Demand trends for mattress covers remain favorable, especially for the growing box
 down.
 space and we continue to develop fresh products with both new and existing
 customers.
 With some cover production capabilities now in the U.S., Haiti, and Asia, we have a very
 strong platform that allows us to maximize our full supply chain potential from fabric
 to finished covers.
 We continue to invest in design and marketing capabilities
 with our latest technologies to improve the customer experience
 and speed to market with new digital tools
 and project management software.
 we are very pleased
 the initial customer response to our new 3D mapping and rendering capabilities, which
 is being marketed
 is re.imagine
 Culp Home Fashions.
 This reflects the spirit of innovation in our mattress fabrics business.
 We are also enhancing our service platform as part of our ongoing efforts to be more
 responsive to customer demand with shorter lead times, and we are implementing a new
 inventory management process, which we believe will drive greater control.
 I'm especially pleased with Sandy Brown, our longtime CFO in the
 Mattress Fabric segment, is now president of the division.
 Having worked with Sandy for over 20 years, I am confident she has the experience, expertise,
 and the vision to lead this business as we strive to operate our strong platform
 in the most efficient manner.
 Looking ahead, there are many opportunities to advance our position as a leading provider of
 that.
 fabrics and sand covers.
 We believe we will benefit from our recent and ongoing efforts to further our design
 and service capabilities with advanced technologies
 that support our sales and marketing efforts
 for both legacy and new customers.
 Now I'll turn to the upholstery fabric segment.
 Our upholstery fabrics business was affected by a slowdown in shipments heading into the
 Chinese New Year holiday.
 resulting in lower than expected sales for the quarter.
 It's difficult to predict the impact of the holiday shutdown from year to year,
 And this year, we experienced a greater-than-expected decline in January leading up to the holiday period.
 As a result, we showed a modest drop in sales compared with a very strong performance in the prior year period.
 In light of the uncertain business environment we've faced, we are pleased with the overall performance of our Pulsie Fabric business,
 particularly given the comparison to a very strong quarter last year in Fiscal 2019.
 We have a strong platform in China
 and stable long-term supplier relationships
 with vendors that prioritize our production
 due to their strong relationships.
 This has been an important advantage for Colt,
 especially as we resumed operations
 at the end of the third quarter,
 following an extended government-mandated shutdown in China
 associated with the coronavirus outbreak.
 We believe this platform supports our ability to manage the current disruptions created
 by this outbreak and the procedures
 required by the Chinese government.
 Also, our addition of cut-and-sew capabilities in Vietnam toward the end of fiscal 2019 has further augmented our Asian platform.
 throughout fiscal 2020
 we have continued to execute our strategic
 focus of introducing new products and diversifying our customer base we are
 We're especially pleased with the continued growth
 This is a hospitality business.
 as we've extended our reach in this growing market.
 REED Window Products, our window treatment and installation services business, has been a key driver of our growing sales in this business, and we are excited about the continued growth opportunities as we expand our product portfolio to the hospitality market.
 Product innovation is also a hallmark of our success in the marketplace
 and provides a distinct competitive advantage for Colt.
 Our line of highly durable, stain-resistant,
 this smart fabric.
 continues to be very popular with both existing and new customers.
 We are excited about the demand trends for LiveSmart Evolve.
 I recently introduced a lot of sustainability
 fabrics featuring the use of recycled yarns,
 along with the same stain-resistant performance.
 Looking ahead while the business environment remains uncertain with the health issues surrounding
 coronavirus in China and beyond.
 we believe we are well positioned
 to execute our strategy with favorable results.
 We have a unique combination of innovative products,
 creative designs, a growing customer base across both residential and hospitality markets,
 a global platform to support our business
 and meet changing customer demand.
 As such, we remain confident in our ability to deliver another solid performance in our
 Pulse 2 Fabrics Business and Fiscal
 until 2020.
 Lastly, I'll comment on the results for Culp Home Accessories, which includes our e-commerce
 and finished products business
 offering bedding accessories and home goods.
 We have looked hard to refine our strategy
 and drive improved results for our Home Accessories segment.
 While it's taking longer than we expected to reach our initial projections for this business,
 We encourage by recent opportunities with new online marketplaces and business-to-business
 sales channels.
 We also remain dedicated to improving our performance on Amazon,
 which is a principal sales channel for our legacy e-commerce business.
 In tandem with these strategies, we are continuing to develop new products
 featuring Colt mattress fabrics and upholstery fabrics,
 and we were pleased with a very solid showing of his new products
 at the recent Las Vegas market.
 We remain optimistic about potential growth opportunities for Colt Home Accessories and
 the ability to leverage this new important sales channel to reach new
 the customer's recall.
 .
 Again, we'll now review the outlook for fourth quarter, and we'll then take some questions.
 Currently, our expectations for the fourth quarter
 I assume the coronavirus outbreak does not have a greater than anticipated impact on
 the company's operations, which may affect each of the company's
 the visions to very
 levels.
 We are monitoring the situation daily and following the processes and procedures
 provided for in the company's Global Pandemic Disease Contingency Plan
 to protect our workforce.
 However, the potential impact of the coronavirus is difficult to estimate
 reasonably at this point, given the
 fluidity and circumstances related to the disease and the actions being taken to contain
 its spread.
 Okay.
 Subject to those assumptions and limitations,
 we expect the overall sales to increase slightly
 slightly compared with the fourth quarter of last year.
 We expect mattress fabric sales to be slightly down compared with the fourth quarter of last
 year due to continuing market pressure and stopped us in our legacy business during the
 fourth quarter
 while operating
 income and
 margins are expected to increase slightly compared with the prior year period.
 In our upholstery fabric segment, we expect fourth quarter sales and operating income
 and margins to be slightly higher than the prior year period.
 In our home accessory segment, we expect fourth quarter
 sales to be comparable to the fourth quarter of last fiscal year we expect an
 operating loss for the fourth quarter
 but with significant improvement compared to the prior year period,
 and continued quarter over four sequential improvement
 for this fiscal year.
 Considering these factors, the company expects to report pre-tax income for the fourth quarter
 in a range of $1.9 million to $2.4 million,
 excluding restructuring and related charges of credits,
 other non-recurring charges, and impairment charges, if any.
 Pre-tax income for last year's fourth quarter was $1.5 million,
 which included a non-recurring charge of $500,000,
 excluding this charge pre-tax income for the fourth quarter of last year was two
 Based on our current projection, capital expenditures for this
 fiscal year are now expected to be in the $6 million to $6.5 million
 $6.5 million range.
 depreciation and amortization
 expected to be approximately $8.6 million.
 Additionally, free cash flow for this fiscal year
 expected to be moderately down as compared to last year's results.
 With that, we will now take your questions.
 thank you
 If you'd like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off
 to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Again, press star 1 to ask a question.
 We'll pause for just a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions.
 We'll take our first question from Bobby Griffin with Raymond James.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking my questions.
 Good morning, Bobby.
 So I guess the first thing I wanted to talk about is maybe adding some
 fabric production capabilities in Vietnam,
 Maybe can we expand on what those capabilities will give you guys
 and what's the strategy to participate more in what I guess we can call the
 Asia import market for mattresses back into the U.S.
 Right. Thank you, Bobby. This is Yarev. I'll take that question.
 you have to go back a little bit
 as we think about both anti-dumping
 and tariffs, you know, which
 it feels like, you know, now we're not even
 talking about that anymore, but that was a pretty significant
 disruption over the last year, the Section 301 tariffs, the rules for upholstery and
 the mattress fabrics are quite different.
 So the reason we're looking primarily
 to establish fabric manufacturing in Vietnam
 is because today, mattress fabrics have a fairly
 significant extra
 301 tariff coming from China, as do mattress covers.
 furniture or upholstery fabric where we can ship fabric from China to Vietnam to avoid
 tariff unless you make the full sewn cover fabric all the way to cover in
 Vietnam, you would still pay the extra tariff.
 So for us, establishing in Vietnam is a risk management play, a cost-saving play, and certainly gives us the ability to make covers that we can fulfill through Vietnam that we can then sell into other countries that are making beds that end up in the U.S. or bring fabric and covers of our own back to us in the U.S.
 I hope that answers that.
 But, yeah, that's very helpful.
 And I'm just curious from a competitive standpoint, once you get this operation set up,
 Will those corresponding covers that you can now make in Vietnam be competitively priced
 to some of the covers that are already going on the imports,
 imported beds into the U.S. today?
 Yes, sir, Bobby.
 We expect you.
 We've been very competitive with covers already,
 mattress covers that we're making
 through our CULT China platform has been very competitive.
 And there are already opportunities materializing there.
 But to be more advantageous and to deal with U.S. tariff rules and costs,
 Vietnam could be potentially more advantageous in certain cases.
 And then secondly, for me, on the home accessories business, we talked about maybe improving
 some of the performance on the Amazon channel.
 So can you maybe expand a little bit on those strategies?
 And then secondly, is there, you know, a bigger opportunity to sell some of those finished
 people.
 products in retail locations.
 MR.
 Yes.
 MR.
 Yes, sir, Bobby, those are really good questions, too.
 first I'll touch on the Amazon part
 When we first invested in Home Accessories,
 Amazon was the sole, or really the primary part of the business, up to 80% of the sales.
 And we were really focused on that.
 since the time we've invested,
 has become more costly to do business and to rank higher, to Google AdWords, to just
 find yourself higher in the rankings
 have ended up costing us more money than we might have expected.
 So we've dialed back our offerings on Amazon to really what we consider our core, most stable, most cost-effective products.
 and we're trying to do what we consider to be an appropriate level of advertising.
 So what we have placed on Amazon today, we believe we can service well.
 it's a good quality product that should rank well
 and that we don't have to over-advertise it
 and spend too much money to make it work.
 So we're anticipating Amazon being a significant, but more like a 50% share of our business and not such a heavy piece.
 For certain, we have great opportunities in all of our accessory products on the B2B side.
 We have a lot of customers, roll pack bedding customers that are looking for products to attack on and have additional sales accessories.
 We also had a chance to sell some of our products into some retail direct distribution, and that is working.
 and sometimes it's never as fast as we want it to be
 because it takes time to get in the retail cycle,
 but we are very optimistic about that opportunity also.
 All right, I appreciate you taking my questions, Dave.
 That was very helpful.
 best of luck
 in the next quarter.
 Yes, sir. Thank you.
 Once again, that is star one to ask a question.
 if you find that your question has been answered
 you may remove yourself from the cube by pressing star 2.
 Again, star one to ask a question.
 We'll take our next question from Paul Betts with Stiefel.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Continuing with Amazon, you mentioned some new sellers are violating terms.
 can you explain what's going on there
 and maybe if that gets rectified, you may lose or see less competition?
 Yes, sir.
 Well, Paul, thank you for the question, and Steve, I'll take that, too.
 basically what's
 happened since we first started with Amazon, and there's been a lot of stories in the press
 about this.
 There have been times where
 primarily Chinese sellers
 have flooded the marketplace on commodity items,
 mattress protectors
 and mattress pads
 and things that we specialized in.
 and Amazon has pretty specific terms of service
 the way you acquire
 five-star reviews.
 We have a lot of reviews that we've earned through steady, normal processes, selling
 selling items, getting reviews.
 It's not really in terms of service
 to be doing a lot of free giveaways
 and fabricating reviews, and also to be downgrading
 and competitors with fake reviews, which we have found
 instances of all those things.
 And we have reported them to really high levels in Amazon and made some headway.
 So Amazon is working really hard to change their method, the way they rank suppliers.
 And I think in time that will get better.
 but it's a pretty
 it's a pretty long fight for someone like us
 to make a big impact really quick.
 But that's what we mean by terms of service violation.
 It's really fabricated and falsified reviews, primarily.
 Okay, thanks.
 And the TAP-X was reduced.
 that just to
 conserve cash or what
 or use
 did you
 Might lower that some.
 Yeah, Paul, this is Ken.
 And yeah, we looked at the year, and given our cash position, we started prioritizing
 projects.
 And so, you know, we have a certain amount of what we call maintenance CapEx, which is in that six million or so range.
 so when you look at
 where we're ending up, projected to end up, and then looking forward, I mean, we are going
 to in this time
 of uncertainty, we are going to
 prioritize projects and
 And as we said, keep a very close eye on our cash.
 But we will continue to invest in the business as we always have.
 and we'll just have to
 you know, just
 monitor things closely and prioritize projects as they come along.
 Okay, thanks.
 And lastly, there are, of course, margins in the mattress segment.
 We're a little below our expectations down year-over-year.
 Is that just the disruptions from the holiday shutdown, or is there anything else going on there?
 No, that's a good insight there.
 Obviously, the lower sales had an impact, but there were a lot of moving parts with the shutdowns and all that in the quarter.
 and so that was the primary reason for the marshes being down.
 And you have the lower sales and the other disruption as well.
 it's okay
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Marco Rodriguez
 This was Stonegate Capital Markets.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions.
 I was wondering if, Maureen,
 I was wondering if maybe you could talk a little bit more about the expansion activities
 that you're doing here
 in Vietnam and Haiti
 if you could just maybe place
 a timeline as far as when these capabilities
 will be there, and then the costs associated with those.
 Yes, sir.
 Thanks for the questions, Marco.
 and expansions in Vietnam and Haiti
 are both really targeted for the
 mattress fabrics business in terms of the expansion standpoint we're already
 We'll be operating pretty significantly in Vietnam for our
 upholstery cut-and-sew kits, and that's performing well.
 Haiti, you know, sort of a two-pronged strategy,
 a really three-pronged strategy for mattress covers.
 You know, we have our U.S. business that is a prototyping and quick rollout and emergency recovery platform that works well for us.
 Haiti is a very low-cost opportunity that we see often a near-sourcing potential.
 So we're able to drive
 significantly faster lead times in Haiti.
 It's been a really resounding success for us so far,
 and we're just expanding the building.
 So it's not a significant expense.
 You know, we're just building some extra space and adding some more sewing machines.
 getting into cut and sew is not a heavy
 CapEx venture
 here.
 So we would anticipate being in that plan and having additional capacity this summer.
 It's a pretty fast uprising there, and we're excited about Haiti.
 The good part about it is we can bring fabrics
 anywhere in the world today, and if it's shown in Haiti
 and comes back to the U.S.,
 there's no duty on any of the products in or out.
 So a very advantageous platform that should provide us with faster lead times if we forecast
 and store inventory at the right places.
 Vietnam is really an important ability for us to dabble with mattress
 in a small way.
 away.
 We'll start.
 Start small, mainly focused on serving Asian customers.
 And that's our attempt to get after some of the beds that are being made in Asia, and
 we can do that with both fabric or with a sun mattress cover.
 If we need to, we also have the ability
 to bring some of that back to the U.S.
 Not preferred on a lead time basis,
 but it could be good for cost.
 And we'll just do that on an
 Thank you.
 we would avoid a Section 301 tariff.
 Got it. Understood. And then in terms of the
 service
 platform
 um
 yeah
 additions or enhancements that you're taking a look at in the new inventory management.
 Can you maybe expand a little bit more on what sort of impact, if any,
 you might see on the P&L and or the balance sheet with those?
 Well, I'll let Ken comment on the impact, but I'll tell you the reason we're thinking about it is the mattress industry always for a long time was a pretty quick speed-to-market business where we pretty much inventoried, shipped everything same day, and we still do that for a big part of the market.
 But if things have gotten more diverse with imported mattresses and imported components,
 You know, lead times have gotten a little longer.
 So we've tried to then match our platform with all the multi-countries that we're in,
 U.S., Canada, China, Haiti, Vietnam, and then our sourcing business in Turkey, we want to
 to bring lead times back down, even with that global strategy.
 So our anticipation would not be to get out of the longer lead times that we've had recently,
 shorten those lead times down so we're not caught with so much exposure on the water
 as market conditions change.
 So we're just – our intention is to bring a better efficient management of our scheduling,
 faster lead time to customer
 to make them happy and then reduce our exposure for extra inventory yeah Marco
 this can, and that's
 the extra
 inventory, we were
 expecting, obviously, a better quarter than we had,
 so we built up inventory that those cells didn't materialize,
 But now with this new focus, we should be able to get inventory down and keep it in line more consistently,
 which will obviously help improve the cash flow in the fourth quarter.
 But we're excited about the new process and, you know, hopefully don't get back in a situation
 where we build up inventory in anticipation of sales that don't materialize.
 So this is an exciting move and one that we're anxious to get started.
 and last
 That's a quick question.
 You know, it's kind of a difficult one here on guidance.
 you know
 you've built in some sort of an impact for
 coronavirus
 but just kind of curious
 that maybe you can put a little bit more color around
 And what does worsening conditions mean for you or look like?
 are we talking
 additional shutdowns
 in China
 as far as the risk is concerned.
 And I know that you also brought up the fact that, obviously, consumer confidence in the U.S. is a big unknown as it stands right now.
 Yeah, Marco, I'll answer and then if Boyd wants to jump in.
 Yeah, it's forecasting in this environment is extremely difficult.
 So, you know, we put a lot of language around the uncertainty.
 you know as you know everybody reads what happens in daily the news comes out
 And so right now, things are operating well in China.
 things are recovering
 So we've got that news there.
 But, you know, things change daily.
 So given where we are, we expect a good quarter in the fourth quarter.
 But as I said, things can change quickly, and we'll just have to wait and see.
 Now, we've got processes and systems that we can react to
 and make changes and be flexible in our flexible platforms,
 But it's just a very, very uncertain time right now.
 So we're just being very cautious in how we forecast.
 Wait, I don't know if you want to...
 Yeah, I'll add to that, Ken.
 Thank you.
 Marco, just in relation to the current situation
 for the upholstery side in China, as we've relayed, we've really seen a return now to
 mostly normal situations
 is very quickly getting back to normal situations there.
 We had a one-week delay in our China operation.
 a government mandated one week delay
 before we were able to get back to operating.
 And then we've seen some delays from our supply base.
 But currently, nearly all of our suppliers are now back to almost full output again.
 So the current situation has been very positive.
 we've experienced minimal delays and disruptions to supply to our customer
 based as a result and so while it may remains a dynamic situation for sure and
 And uncertainty, the current picture is China has recovered quite nicely,
 and our supply base is back to near full output and so at the moment there appears to be minimal
 just delays coming from it.
 All right.
 Flock, I appreciate your time.
 Thank you.
 murder.
 it appears there are no further questions at this time
 Mr. Ivkulp, I'd like to turn the conference back to you
 for any additional or closing remarks.
 Okay. Thank you, Operator.
 and again thanks to everyone for your participation
 and your interest in cold.
 We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
 Have a great day.
 this concludes today's call
 Thank you for your participation.
 You may now disconnect.
 Thank you.