 Good day and welcome to CULT's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call today's call is being recorded at this time for opening remarks and introductions
 I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Drew Anderson.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good morning and welcome to the CULP conference call to review the company's results for the
 third quarter.
 fiscal 2020.
 As we start, let me state that this morning's call will contain forward-looking statements
 about the business, financial condition, and prospects of the company.
 looking statements or statements that include projections, expectations, or beliefs about
 future events or results or otherwise are not statements of historical fact.
 The actual performance of the company could differ materially from that indicated by the
 forward-looking statements because of various risks and uncertainties.
 These risks and uncertainties...
 ...
 are described in our regular SEC filings, including the company's most recent filings
 on form 10k and form 10q.
 You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements made today in
 And each such statement speaks only as of today.
 undertake no obligation to update or to revise forward-looking statements.
 In addition, during this call, the company will be discussing non-gap financial measurements.
 reconciliation of these non-gap financial measurements to the most
 directly comparable gap financial measurement is included as a schedule to the company's
 8K filed yesterday and posted on the company's website at Culp.com.
 A slide presentation with supporting summary financial information is also available on
 the...
 the company's website as part of the webcast today.
 Respect to certain forward-looking free cash flow information, the comparable gap in reconciling
 information is not available without unreasonable effort, and its significance is similar to
 the significance of the historical free cash flow information, which is available in the
 K-File.
 and posted on the company's website.
 I will now turn the call over to Ives Culp, Chief Executive Officer.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 Good morning, and thank you for joining us today.
 I would like to welcome you to the Call Quarterly Conference
 call with analysts and investors.
 With me on the call today are Kim Bowling, Chief Financial Officer of CULT, and Boyd
 Chum...
 family, president of our poultry fabric business.
 We also have Frank Saxon, executive chairman of the company, who's dialing in remotely.
 I will now bring you the call with some brief comments, and Ken will then review the financial
 results for the quarter.
 I will then update you on the strategic actions
 in each of the operating segments.
 And then after that, Ken will view our fourth quarter fiscal 2020 business outlook.
 We will then be happy to take any questions.
 Before I begin my comments on our third quarter results, I'd like to first address our thoughts
 regarding the coronavirus and any impact to our current supply chain.
 Currently, CULT has not seen significant impacts from the virus in any of our businesses.
 In our poultry fabric business, our CulpChana location is operating at normal levels, with
 virtually all employees reporting to work.
 We've also built a stable, long-term supply base in China, and we work with vendors who
 a favor call to our strong trusted relationship.
 Minimal Delay is most of our suppliers that back to nearly full output and continue to
 to prioritize our production.
 We have also relocated a considerable amount of our cut and sew production to two facilities we work with in Vietnam
 Likewise, in both our mattress fabrics and home accessories business, we are not currently
 experiencing any delays in Asia, and we also have significant alternative locations for
 production has needed.
 This includes production of sourcing capabilities
 in the US, Canada, Haiti, Vietnam, and Turkey.
 While we cannot predict whether the virus will have any negative impact on consumer confidence
 and the U.S. consumer market.
 We believe our solid and stable supply chain
 and our global platform supports our ability
 to manage any disruption created by the outbreak.
 Now I'll turn to the third quarter results.
 As previously announced, our results for the quarter reflected in unexpected sales, particularly
 in our core business segments.
 while several external factors affected our results
 for the third quarter.
 we believe called as well positioned
 for the medium and long term.
 Our global platform is reactive and is a distinct competitive advantage for the company, providing
 the ability to quickly respond to changing market dynamics.
 We also benefit...
 from significant synergies across our business segments
 that are fostering collaboration and product development.
 and allow us to better serve our customers in all markets.
 Above all, we remain focused on innovation and creative designs in all of our businesses
 And we are competent in our product-driven strategy,
 and the ability to meet the changing demands
 of a diverse customer base.
 You're out.
 2020, we have maintained our position as a trusted supplier of fabrics for a global
 marketplace.
 Importantly, we have the financial strength to support and execute our strategies and
 and continue returning funds to our shareholders.
 look forward to the opportunities ahead
 for the remainder of fiscal 2020 and beyond.
 I'll now turn the call over to Ken, who will review financial results for the quarter.
 Thank you.
 As mentioned earlier on the call,
 We have posted slide presentations
 to our investor relations website
 to cover key performance measures.
 We've also posted our capital allocation strategy.
 Here's the financial highlights for the third quarter.
 net sales was $72 million down 6.8% compared with the prior year period.
 On a pre-tax gap basis, the company reported a net loss of $5.1 million compared with a
 the pre-tax income of $4.3 million for the third quarter of last year.
 As previously disclosed a few weeks ago on February 18th, the results for the third quarter
 the current fiscal year include a reversal of a 6.1 million
 recorded content to earn out liability, as well as non-cash
 impairment charges of $13.6 million related to the home
 accessory division, resulting in a non-cash net charge of $7.6 million.
 excluding this net charge, adjusted pre-tax income,
 The non-gap was 2.4 man for the third quarter of this fiscal year.
 The financial results for the third quarter of last fiscal year included approximately
 $769,000 in restructuring and related charges and credits, and other non-recurring items
 do mostly to the closure of the company's Anderson,
 South Carolina Production Facility.
 Excluding this net charge, prefab's income
 for the third quarter of last year was $5 million.
 Net loss attributed to Pope Ain't shareholders
 with $58,000 for zero cents per diluted share
 for the third quarter,
 compared with net income of 3.2 million or 25 cents per diluted share for the
 prior your period.
 The results of the third quarter of both fiscal years include the respective charges and
 The restructuring-related credits I just noted.
 The effective income tax rate was 19% for the third quarter and 142.8% for the unidate
 period for this fiscal year.
 the company's high-affected income tax rate
 for the unidate period reflects a significant decline
 in the company's projected annual consolidated tax
 income, particularly in the U.S., which includes the income tax effects of the asset impairment
 charge is previously discussed, as well as the mix of consolidated tax
 income that is earned by the company's foreign operations located in China and Canada that
 that have higher income rates in relation to the U.S.
 The current mix...
 of taxable income has led to a significant increase in the effective income tax rate
 that is associated with our global, intangible, low-tax
 income or guilty tax, which represents a U.S. income tax on foreign earnings.
 Importantly, income taxes incurred in the U.S. on a cash basis for fiscal 2020 are expected
 be minimal due to the projected utilization of the company's U.S. Federal Net Operating
 and loft carry forwards, and immediate
 Expensing of U.S. Capital Expenditures.
 Looking ahead to the rest of this fiscal year,
 We estimate that our consolidated effective income tax rate
 will remain high, and be in the 120%, the 130%
 range based on the facts we know today and is affected by the factors noted above.
 believe the U.S. Treasury Department and Internal Revenue Service have issued newly
 proposed regulations that if and when enacted and if enacted as proposed could provide us
 with some relief from the guilty tax under the proposed guilty high tax
 exception election beginning of fiscal 2021 or later subject to the timing of
 of enactment and subject to any determination by the U.S. Treasury Department and IRS that
 I think exceptions should apply retroactive, retroactive.
 The proposed guilty tax, high-tax exception election is not
 available to the proposed regulations are finalized and effective.
 If the proposed guilty tax exception election is enacted as proposed and becomes effective
 for our fiscal 2021 year.
 and assuming we do not have non-recurring charges
 impairments that would reduce our pre-tax income, then based on current assumptions, we would
 estimate our tax rate for fiscal 2021, did it be in the range of 35 to 50 percent?
 However, let me stress that there are a lot of moving parts
 that affect this rate, including the many factors
 I've discussed previously.
 So this estimate could change.
 Trailing 12 months of justity, but die as of the end of the third quarter of this fiscal
 year was 19.6 million or 6.7% of sales. Consolidate return on capital for the
 trial in 12 month period with 8.7%.
 Now, let's take a look at our business segments.
 For the mattress fabric segment, cells were 33.1 million down 7.4% compared with last
 to your third quarter.
 Operating income for the quarter was 1.8 million,
 compared with 3.2 million a year ago,
 with an operating income margin of 5.4% compared with 9%
 year ago.
 The operating performance is primarily affected by lower than expected sales.
 Return on capital for the trailing 12-month period from mattress fabric was 14.1 percent.
 For the opposite fabric segment, sales for the third quarter were $35 million, down 5.7%
 over the prior year, which prior year was a strong,
 a very strong quarter of the sales performance that was positively affected by advanced customer
 purchases in anticipation of additional tariffs.
 and then cover the quarter with three men,
 compared with 3.8 million a year ago,
 with operating income margin of 8.7%,
 compared with 10.2% a year ago.
 We are pleased with the 8.7% margin.
 this year, given that it was achieved during the quarter
 with the Chinese New Year shutdown occurred.
 Return on capital for the 12 and 12 month period
 for the post year five and seven,
 It continues to be impressive, coming in at 54%.
 The home accessory segment, which includes our e-commerce and finished products business
 offering bed-in accessories and home goods reported 3.9 million sales to the third quarter
 compared with 4.4 million a year ago.
 Operating officer, the quarter was 181,000,
 which reflects continuous differential improvement
 from the $350,000 loss experienced in the second quarter
 and the 535,000-dollar loss experience in the first quarter.
 We'll comment more on operating performance later on.
 Here are the balance sheet highlights.
 We reported 34.8 million total cash and investments
 an outstanding bar of $925,000
 for a net cash position of $33.9 million.
 For the first nine months of this fiscal year,
 We incurred 4.1 main capital expenditures.
 We return 4.5 minutes to shareholders in regular reporting dividends, and share repurchase
 is through the third quarter of this fiscal year.
 We had negative cash flow from operations and negative free cash flow of $519,000 and
 4.7 million respectively for the first months of this fiscal year due primarily to the timing
 of payments in advance of Chinese New Year shutdowns and higher than expected inventories
 mostly in our mattress fabric business.
 Just compare with positive cash flow from operations and positive pre-cash flow of 8.1 men and 5.9 men
 respectively for the prior year period.
 With better working capital performance, including better management of inventory, we expect cash flow from operations and free cash flow
 to improve significantly in the fourth quarter of this fiscal year.
 The company repurchased 56,000 shares of our common stock during the third four this year
 and repurchase approximately 86,000 additional shares through March 4th.
 leaving 3.3 million available under the previous share with purchase program.
 As reported in our press release, our board has approved an increase in our share repurchase
 organization back to five million shares may be repurchased at the company's
 discretion from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated
 transactions. We will continue to consider opportunities to re-purchase
 at a price that reflects a discount to our calculated intrinsic value per share.
 However, as highlighted in our capital allocation strategy, which is posted in the route, best
 Relations section of our website, we remain focused on a very
 a very disciplined approach to capital allocation, including maintaining a strong balance sheet
 and solid-cast position, particularly given the current
 uncertainty in the global business environment.
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to you.
 Thanks, Ken.
 Let me start with the mattress fabric segment.
 Our mattress fabric sales were lower than anticipated
 for the third quarter of the year.
 as we were pressured by more than expected,
 or we've repression more than expected
 from holiday shutdowns and continued industry weakness
 for our legacy business customers.
 mattress covers have become an increasingly important part
 of our business.
 and losing multiple productive weeks
 for our class cover operations in Haiti,
 and also in China, caused a more significant impact when
 combined with softness in our legacy business.
 Also, the anti-dumping measures relating to low-price mattress imports from China have
 not yet provided the relief expected
 for the domestic mattress industry.
 In spite of these challenges, we continue to manage our business with a relentless focus
 on creative designs, innovative products, and exceptional service.
 Our global platform supports these efforts with efficient production and distribution
 capabilities to provide a full complement of mattress fabrics and suncovers with the flexibility
 to adapt to evolving customer needs.
 We are strengthened by our existing manufacturing
 operations in the U.S., Canada, Haiti, China, and our sourcing platform in Turkey.
 We expect to add fabric production capabilities in Vietnam,
 this calendar year, and we're also expanding our stone cover production capabilities in
 and Haiti with a new building and additional equipment.
 We believe these expansions will enhance our abilities
 to serve customers.
 Further, while the domestic disruption from low-price mattress imports appears to be
 continuing as a result of many imports moving from China now to other countries.
 We believe our strong global platform for fabric and coverage in Asia has us well positioned
 to capture market share with imported mattresses going forward.
 Additionally, while the holidays shut down,
 disrupted our class operations in Haiti and China during the third quarter, we are pleased
 with the continued growth of our selling mattress cover business.
 The demand trends for mattress covers remains favorable, especially for the growing box
 and we continue to develop fresh products with both new and existing customers.
 With some cover production capabilities now in the U.S., Haiti, and Asia, we have a very
 very strong platform that allows us to maximize our full supply chain potential from that
 to finished covers.
 We continue to invest in design and marketing capabilities with our latest technologies
 to improve the customer experience and speed to market with new digital tools and project
 management software.
 We are very pleased with the initial customer response to our new 3D mapping and rendering
 capabilities, which is being marketed as redot-imagined
 called home fashions.
 This reflects the spirit of innovation in our mattress fabric business.
 We're also...
 enhancing our service platform.
 as part of our ongoing efforts to be more responsive
 of customer demand with shorter lead times,
 and we are implementing a new inventory management
 process, which we believe will drive greater control.
 I'm especially pleased with Sandy Brown, our long-time CFO,
 in the mattress fabric segment, is now president of the division.
 Having worked with Sandy's for over 20 years,
 I'm confident she has the experience.
 expertise, and the vision to lead this business as we
 strive to operate our strong platform in the most efficient manner.
 Looking ahead, there are many opportunities
 to advance our position as the leading provider
 of mattress fabrics and sound covers.
 We believe we will benefit from our recent and ongoing efforts
 to further our design and service capabilities
 with advanced technologies that support our sales marketing
 efforts with both legacy and new customers.
 Now I'll turn to the upholstery fabric segment.
 Our poultry fabric business was affected by a slowdown in shipments heading into the
 Chinese New Year holiday, resulting in lower than expected sales for the quarter.
 It is difficult to predict the impact of the holiday shutdown from year to year, and this
 year we...
 expense are greater than expected to decline in January, leading up to the holiday period.
 As a result, we showed a modest drop in sales compared with a very strong performance in
 prior year period.
 In light of the uncertain business environment we faced,
 We are pleased with the overall performance
 of our poultry fabric business, particularly given
 in the comparison to a very strong quarter,
 last year in fiscal 2019.
 We have a strong platform in China
 and stable long-term or supplier relationships with vendors
 that Perard has our production
 due to their strong relationships.
 This has been an important advantage for CULT,
 especially as we've resumed operations
 at the end of the third quarter,
 following an extended government mandated shutdown
 in China associated with coronavirus outbreak.
 We believe this platform supports our ability to manage the current disruptions created
 by the self-break and the procedures required by the Chinese government.
 So our addition of cut-and-sew capabilities in Vietnam toward the end of fiscal 2019 has
 further augmented our Asian platform.
 form.
 Throughout the
 Throughout fiscal 2020, we have continued to execute our strategic focus of introducing
 new...
 products and diversify in our customer base.
 We are especially pleased with the continued growth
 in our hospitality business as we've extended our reach
 and the scrolling market.
 read window products or window treatment and installation services business has been a
 key driver of our growing sales in this business, and we're excited about the
 continued growth opportunities as we expand our product portfolio to the hospitality
 market.
 Thank you.
 a hallmark of our success in the marketplace and provide the distinct competitive advantage
 Please recall.
 Our
 on a highly durable, stain-resistant MIS-marked average.
 And it continues to be very popular with both existing and new customers.
 and we're excited about the demand trends
 the lip-smart of all.
 recently introduced line of sustainability fabrics featuring the use of recycled yarns
 law with the same, same-resistant performance.
 Looking ahead, while the business environment remains uncertain with the health issues surrounding
 coronavirus in China and beyond, we believe we are well-positioned to execute our strategy
 with favorable results.
 We have a unique combination of innovative products,
 creative design, a growing customer base across both
 residential and hospitality markets, and a global platform to support our business and
 you meet changing customer demand.
 That's that.
 We remain confident in our ability to deliver
 another solid performance in our post-use fabrics business
 and fiscal 2020.
 Lastly, I'll comment on the results for cold home accessories,
 which includes our e-commerce and finished products business
 offering bed and accessories and home goods.
 We have looked at...
 It's hard to refine our strategy and drive improved results for our home accessories
 segment.
 While it is taking longer than we expected to reach our initial projections for this business,
 We encourage by recent opportunities with new online marketplaces and business-to-business sales channels.
 We also remain dedicated to improving our performance on Amazon,
 which is a principal sales channel for our legacy e-commerce business.
 In tandem with these strategies, we are continuing to develop new products featuring Colton
 nitrous fab...
 and upholstery fabrics, and we were pleased with a very solid showing of these new products
 at the recent Las Vegas market.
 We remain optimistic about potential growth opportunities for coal-pone accessories and
 ability to leverage this new important sales channel to each new customer's
 recall.
 Ken will now review the outlook for fourth quarter and move in to ask some questions.
 Importantly, our expectations for the fourth quarter
 or assume the coronavirus outbreak does not have a greater than anticipated impact on
 of the company's operations, which
 may affect each of the company's divisions to varying levels.
 We are monitoring the situation daily
 and following the processes and procedures provided
 for in the company's global pandemic disease contingency plan
 to protect our workforce.
 However, the potential impact of the coronavirus
 is difficult to estimate reasonably at this point, given
 the fluidity and circumstances related to the disease
 and the actions being taken to continue to spread.
 subject to those assumptions and limitations,
 We expect the overall sales to increase slightly
 compared with the fourth quarter of last year.
 We expect mattress fabric sales to be slightly down compared with the fourth quarter of last
 here.
 to continuing market pressure and stop us
 in our legacy business during the fourth quarter,
 well, I-
 Operating income and margins are expected to increase slightly compared with the prior
 period. In our post-year fabric segment, we expect fourth-quarter sales and operating income in
 in March to be slightly higher than the prior year period.
 In our home accessory segment,
 we expect fourth quarter sales to be comparable
 to the fourth quarter of last fiscal year.
 We expect an operating loss for the fourth quarter, but with significant improvement compared
 compared to the prior year period, and continued quarter over fours to clinch on improvement
 for this fiscal year.
 Consider these factors.
 The company expects to report pre-tax income for the fourth quarter
 in a range of $1.9 million to $2.4 million,
 excluding restructuring and related charges of credits
 other non-recurring charges and impairment charges, if any.
 pre-tax income for last year's fourth quarter was 1.5 million,
 which included a non-recurring charge of $500,000.
 Excluding this charge, pre-tax income for the fourth quarter of last year was $2 million.
 Based on our current projection, capital expenditures for this fiscal year are now expected to be
 in the $6 million, the $6.5 million range.
 and amortization is expected to be approximately 8.6 million.
 Additionally, pre-cash bill for this fiscal year is expected to be moderately downed as
 as compared to last year's results.
 So with that, we will now take your questions.
 Thank you. If you'd like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star one on your
 telephone keypad.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to a
 allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Again, press star one to ask a question.
 We'll pause for just a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions.
 We'll take our first question from Bobby Griffin with Raymond James. Please go ahead
 Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking my questions.
 Good morning, Bobby.
 So I guess the thing we want to talk about is product maybe adding some fabric production
 capabilities in Vietnam and maybe can we expand on what those capabilities will give you guys
 And what's the strategy to participate more in what I guess we can call the Asia import
 market from mattresses back into the U.S.
 Right. Thank you, Bobby. This is here. I'll take that question.
 Yeah, you have to go back a little bit.
 think about both anti-dumping and tariffs, you know, which it feels like, you know,
 Now we're not even talking about that anymore, but that was a pretty significant disruption
 over the last year, the Section 301 tear-ups.
 The rules for upholstery and mattress fabrics
 are quite different.
 So the reason we're looking primarily to establish fabric
 management is because we're looking to establish fabric
 fraction in Vietnam is because today mattress fabrics have a fairly significant extra 301
 tariff coming from China as do mattress covers.
 Unlike furniture or upholstery fabric,
 so we can ship fabric from China to Vietnam to avoid a tariff,
 Unless you make the full sound cover, fabric all the way to cover in Vietnam, you still
 you would still pay the extra tariff.
 So for us, establishing in Vietnam is a risk management play, a cost-saving play, and
 certainly gives us the ability to make covers
 that we can fulfill through Vietnam
 that we can then sell into other countries
 that are making beds that end up in the U.S.,
 or bring fabric and covers of our own.
 back to us in the U.S.
 We hope that answers well.
 Yeah, that's very helpful. I'm just curious problem a competitive standpoint once you get this operation set up with those
 those corresponding covers that you can now make in Vietnam be competitively priced to
 some of the covers that are already going on the imports,
 and put the beds into the U.S. today?
 Yes, sir, Bobby, we expect you.
 We've been very competitive with covers already,
 mattress covers that we're making through our CulpChina platform has been very competitive
 And there are already opportunities materializing there.
 But to be more advantageous in the deal of U.S. care rules and costs, Vietnam could be
 need potentially more advantages in certain cases.
 Okay.
 Second, it's for me on the home accessories business
 We talked about maybe improving some of the performance on the Amazon channel, so can
 and you may expand a little bit on those strategies.
 And then secondly, is there, you know,
 a bigger opportunity to sell some of those finished products
 and retail locations.
 Yes, sir. Bobby, those are really good questions, too.
 First, I'll touch on the Amazon part.
 When we first invested in home accessories,
 Amazon was the sole, oh really, the primarily,
 primary part of the business, up to 80% of the sales.
 and we were really focused on that.
 Since the time we've invested, it's
 become more costly to do business, and to rank higher,
 to Google AdWords, to just find yourself hired in the rankings.
 to end up costing us more money than we might have expected.
 So we dial back our offerings on Amazon to really what
 consider our core, most stable, most cost-effective products.
 we're trying to do what we consider to be an appropriate level of advertising.
 So what we have placed on Amazon today, we believe we can serve us well.
 It's a good quality product that should rank well and that we don't have to over advertise it and and spend too much money
 to make it work.
 So, we're anticipating Amazon being a significant, but more like a 50% share of our business
 and not such a heavy piece.
 For certain, we have great opportunities
 and all of our accessory products on the B2B side.
 We have a lot of customers.
 role-packed bedding customers that are looking for products to attack on and have additional
 and all state health accessories.
 We also had a chance to sell some of our products into some retail direct distribution and that
 is working. Sometimes it's never as fast as we want it to be because it takes time to
 to get in the retail cycle.
 but we are very optimistic about that opportunity also.
 All right, I appreciate you talking to my question today.
 That was very helpful.
 helpful, best of luck in the next quarter.
 Sure. Thank you.
 Once again that is star one to ask a question if you find that your question has been answered
 you may remove yourself from the cube by pressing star 2.
 We're going to start one to ask a question.
 We'll take our next question from Paul Betz with Steve.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Continuing with Amazon, you mentioned some new sellers or violating terms.
 explain what's going on there and maybe if that gets rectified, you may lose some
 Is there a C-Less competition?
 Yes, sir.
 Paul, thank you for the question.
 If you have, I'll take that, too.
 Basically what's happened since we first started with Amazon and there's been a lot of stories
 in the press about this.
 There have been times where primarily Chinese sellers
 have flooded the marketplace on commodity items,
 mattress protectors and mattress pads and things that we specialized in and Amazon has
 pretty specific terms of service the way you acquire five star reviews.
 We have a lot of reviews that we've earned through steady, normal processes selling
 items getting reviewed. It's not really in terms of service to be doing a lot of free
 giveaways and fabricating reviews and also to be downgrading competitors with fake reviews
 which we have found instances of all those things.
 And we have reported them to really high levels in Amazon
 and make some headway.
 So Amazon is working really hard to change their method
 the way they rank suppliers.
 And I think in time, that will get better.
 but it's a pretty long fight for someone like us
 to make a big impact really quick.
 But that's what we mean by terms of server's violation.
 is really fabricated and falsified reviews primarily.
 Okay, thanks.
 And the catbex was reduced.
 Is that just to conserve cash or what areas did you lower that sum?
 Yeah, Paul, this can...
 Yeah, we we looked at the year and given our cash position we started prioritizing projects
 And so, you know, we have a certain amount of what we call maintenance capex, which is in that six million or so range.
 So when you look at where we're ending up,
 up, projected end up, and then looking forward.
 I mean, we are going to, in this time of uncertainty,
 We are going to prioritize projects, and as we said,
 keep a very close eye on our cash.
 But we will continue to invest in the business
 as we always have.
 and we'll just have to, you know,
 just mark the things closely and prioritize projects
 as they come along.
 OK, thanks.
 And lastly, there are, of course, margins in the mattress
 segment, a little lower expectation than year of year.
 Is that just the disruption from the holiday shutdown, or is there anything else going on there?
 Now that's that's a good that's a good
 Inside there, obviously the lower sales had an impact,
 But there were a lot of moving parts with the shutdowns and all that in the quarter and so that was the primary reason for the marshes being down.
 the lower sales and the other disruption as well.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Marco Rodriguez
 Stonegate Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
 Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions.
 I was wondering if maybe you could talk a little bit more
 about the expansion activities that you're doing here
 in Vietnam and Haiti.
 if you could just maybe place a timeline as far as when
 and capabilities will be there and then the costs associated with those.
 Yes, sir. Thanks for the questions Marco and the expansions in Vietnam and and Haiti
 are both really targeted for the mattress fabric
 business in terms of the expansion standpoint.
 We're already operating pretty significantly in Vietnam
 for our Paul Street cut and throw kits.
 And that's performing well.
 Haiti, you know, sort of a two-pronged strategy,
 a really three-pronged strategy for mattress covers.
 We have our US business that is a prototyping.
 and quick rollout and emergency recovery platform
 that works well for us.
 Haiti is a very low-cost opportunity
 that we see often in near sourcing potential.
 So we're able to drive significantly faster lead times
 and Haiti.
 It's been a
 really resounding success for us so far and we're just expanding the building so it's
 It's not a significant expense, you know, we're just building some extra space and
 and add some more sewing machines,
 getting into cut and sew is not a heavy capex venture.
 So we would anticipate being in that plan
 and having additional capacity this summer.
 It's a pretty fast, pretty fast uprising there.
 and we're excited about Haiti.
 The good part about it is we can bring
 fabric from anywhere in the world today, and if it's shown in Haiti and comes back to U.S.,
 There's no duty on any of the products in or out.
 So, very advantageous platform that should provide us with faster lead coms if we forecast
 and store inventory at the right places.
 Vietnam is really an important ability for us to dabble with mattress fabrics in a small way.
 We'll start small, mainly focused on serving Asian customers.
 And that's our attempt to get after some of the beds that are being made in Asia.
 And we can do that with both fabric or with the sun mattress cover.
 we need to, we also have the ability to bring some of that back to the U.S. Not preferred
 on a lead time basis but it could be good for cost and we'll just do that on an
 And that's needed.
 and we would avoid a section 301, care of.
 Got it.
 Understood.
 And then in terms of the service platform additions or enhancements that you're taking a look at in the new inventory management,
 Can you maybe expand a little bit more on what sort of impact if any you might see on the P&L and or the balance sheet with those?
 Well, I can't comment on the impact, but I'll tell you the way, the reason we're thinking
 about it is the mattress industry always for a long time
 was a pretty quick speed to market business, where we pretty much inventoryed, shipped
 everything same day, and we still do that for a big part of the market, but as things
 has gotten more diverse with imported mattresses and imported components, lethons have gotten
 a little longer.
 So we've tried to then match our platform
 with all the multi-countries that we're in,
 US, Canada, China, Haiti, Vietnam, and then our sourcing business in Turkey, we want to
 to bring leetons back down, even with that global strategy.
 So our anticipation would not be to get out of the longer
 lead times that we've had recently, shorten those lead times down, so we're not caught
 with so much exposure on the water if market conditions change.
 So, our intention is to bring a better efficient management of our scheduling, faster lead
 time to customer to make them happy and then reduce our exposure for extra
 inventory. Yeah, Marco, this can and that's, you know, the extra inventory we were expecting,
 I mean, obviously a better quarter than we had
 So we built up inventory that those cells didn't materialize,
 But now with this new focus, we should be able to get inventory down and keep it in
 line.
 We'll see you next time.
 consistently which will obviously help improve the cash flow in the fourth
 quarter but we're excited about the new process and you know hopefully don't get
 get back in a situation where we build up inventory in anticipation of sales that don't
 materialize.
 So this is...
 move and one that we're anxious to get started.
 All right.
 And last quick question, that's kind of a difficult one here on guidance.
 You know, you've built in some sort of an impact for coronavirus, but just kind of
 I'm curious if maybe you can put a little bit more color around what the
 What does worsening conditions mean for you or look like?
 So, are we talking additional shutdowns in China, as far as the risk is concerned, and
 And I know that you also brought up the fact that, obviously, consumer confidence in U.S.
 is...
 a big unknown at this stance right now.
 Yeah, Marco, I'll answer and then if Boyd wants to jump in, yeah, it's forecasting in this environment and is extremely difficult.
 You know, we put a lot of language around the uncertainty.
 You know, as you know, everybody reads what happens daily, the news comes out, and so
 right now...
 Weird things are operating well in China.
 things are recovering, so we've got that news there, but, you know, things change daily.
 So given where we are, we expect a good quarter
 in the fourth quarter, but as I said,
 things can change quickly and we'll just have to wait and see.
 Now we've got processes and systems that we can react to and make changes and be flexible
 in our flexible platforms, but it's just a very, very
 in a certain time right now and so we're just being very cautious in how we forecast.
 Boy, I don't know if you want to, yeah, I'll add to that, Ken.
 Thank you, Marko, just in relation to the current situation for the upholstery side
 in China, as we've relayed, we've really seen a return now to mostly normal situations
 very quickly getting back to normal situations there.
 We had a one-week delay in our China operation.
 A government mandated one week to lay before we were able to get back to operating and
 And then we've seen some delays from our supply base, but currently nearly all of our suppliers
 are now back to almost full output again.
 So the current situation has been very positive.
 We've experienced minimal delays and disruptions to supply to our customer base as a result.
 And so while it remains a dynamic situation, for sure,
 and uncertainty, the current picture is,
 China has recovered quite nicely
 And our supply base is back to near full output.
 So at the moment, there appears to be minimal display.
 just the lay is coming from it.
 Thanks a lot.
 your time. Thank you. Thank you, Burger.
 It appears there are no further questions at this time.
 I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
 Okay, thank you operator and again, thanks to everyone for your participation and your
 We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
 Have a great day.
 This concludes today's call.
 Thank you for your participation.
 may now disconnect.