 Good afternoon, everyone.
 Thank you for standing by and welcome to our co-platform second quarter 2021 earnings call.
 This event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listing-only mode during the
 company's presentation.
 After our remarks, there will be a question and an intercession.
 at the time for the instructions will be given.
 Should any participants need assistance during this call,
 please press Start Zero to reach the operator.
 This event is also being broadcast live, if you have a cast, and maybe access to ARCOS
 website at Investor.archoplataform.com where the presentation is also available.
 Now I will turn the conference over to Karina Cajera, our Co-IR Director.
 Nina, you may begin your presentation.
 Thank you, I'm pleased to welcome you to Arco's second quarter 2021 conference call. With me on the call today
 Today we have Arco-CEO Aridus Sacabocantineto and Arco-CEO Roberto Otero during today's
 presentation, our executives will make forward-looking statements.
 Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or future financial or operating
 performance.
 of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual
 resultant for materially from those contemplated by these fort-looking statements.
 Fortlocking statements in this presentation include, but are not limited to, statements
 related to our business and financial performance.
 our expectations and guidance for future periods.
 our expectations regarding strategic product initiatives
 and their related benefits.
 and our expectations regarding the market.
 These risks include those set forth in the documents
 that we issued earlier today,
 as well as those more fully described in our findings
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 The forward-looking statements in this presentation
 are based on the information available to us
 as of the day hereof.
 You should not rely on them as prediction of future events, and with this claim, any
 obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
 In addition...
 Management may reference non-IFRS financial measures on this call.
 The non-IFRS financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute
 for results prepared in accordance with IFRS.
 have provided a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable
 IFRS financial measure in our press release.
 Please note that except from revenue, gross margin, selling expense,
 GNA, and cash flow from operations, all other financial measures we discussed here are non-IFRS
 and growth rates are compared to the prior year comparable period,
 unless otherwise stated. We also note that ear-over-ear comparisons are affected by
 by acquisition that were not included in our 2020 financials.
 Let me now turn the call over to Adi.
 our co-CEO.
 Thank you Karina and thanks everyone for joining today's conference call.
 We hope that you and your families are all healthy and safe.
 We would like to present four topics today, as shown in slide 3.
 First, on the results, we had a 21.9% revenue recognition in the quarter, leading to a net
 revenue of 588 million reais for the first six months of 2021, or an 18% increase versus
 the same period of 2020.
 any.
 Adjusted EBITDA, this quarter, was impacted by lower revenue recognition.
 product development, and sales force increase as we prepare for a post-pandemic recovery,
 leading to an accumulated adjusted epidermal margin
 for the first six months of the year of 32.4%.
 Despite an even softer third-quarter head,
 following historical seasonality trends as Ulterra will show in a few minutes.
 We are confident that the fourth quarter will lead us to meet the adjusted EBITDA margin
 guidance of 35.5% and 37.5% range.
 The free cash flow improved this quarter as we collected the receivables generated by
 the extension of the payment terms to assist our partner schools, taking us back to our
 strong cache generation profile.
 Second, the commercial cycle for 2022 school year continues to show encouraging results
 as pandemic-related restrictions are progressively lift.
 At this point, we see organic growth pace for core solutions in line with pre-pandemic
 levels, while supplemental solutions accelerate vs. 2020 but indicate a too
 step recovery to pre-pandemic growth rate levels.
 We are achieving great results from our cross-sell initiatives, which will now be part of the
 powered by the creation of a centralized,
 Supplemental Business Unit called ARCO Plus.
 Third, as we continue to search for innovative ways of better service our clients and consolidate
 our leadership position in the industry.
 We launched this year, SaaS Adept.
 customizable and data-oriented version of SAS, our most
 premium core solution, allowing us to better serve the premium segment.
 Sazadapt was developed on top of educo's LMS solution we acquire in July that will integrate
 our Arcotech portfolio and has great data analytics capabilities.
 And finally, we concluded our first step towards disclosure improvement and commitment to increase
 our impact with the release of our first ESG report.
 I will now turn the call to Otero to discuss the results for the quarter.
 Otero please go ahead
 Thank you, Adi, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for your time. I also hope that you are all safe and healthy.
 Moving to slide 5, net revenues for the second quarter of 2021 were 256 million
 rise, representing a 9% year-over-year growth and 21.9% of revenue recognition below the
 historical average for the quarter impacted by the second wave of COVID-19. As a result,
 net revenues for the six months of 2021, totaled 588 million reais, 18% above the same period
 for last year. Lower revenues added to higher costs related to product development and higher
 semi-expenses, aiming a stronger sales cycle led to an adjusted EBITDA for the quarter
 of 72.3 million reais, 28% below the second quarter last year,
 with 28.2% EBITDA margin.
 adjusted EBITDA for the first six months of the year, totaled R$190.6 million, resulting
 in a 32.4% accumulated margin.
 Finally, a just an ad income was 36.4 million for the quarter with a 14.2% net margin and
 97.5 million for the first six months with 16.6 percent margin. On slide 6, we present
 the breakdown for our receivables, which reduced 19 percent from the first quarter level as
 As we collected the receivables from our partners' calls to whom we provided support through
 more flexible payment terms, that added to the lower effective tax rate resulting from
 the copper restructuring led to a significant improvement in the free cash flow of this
 quarter.
 On slide 7, we present an update on our ongoing corporate restructuring, which will further
 contribute to our cash generation in the future.
 We concluded the incorporation of SAS subsidiaries on July 1st, leading to annual savings amounting
 into 30 million reais.
 Next steps include incorporation of Navia Vela this year and its calling movement to
 Plano and its students in 2022.
 As we incorporate businesses acquired in the past,
 we'll be able to capture additional tax benefits
 and further reduce our effective tax rate.
 To conclude this session, moving to slide eight,
 We'd like to take the opportunity to make a quick recap
 on the seasonality of our business,
 and how we expect this year to behave
 when compared to historical trends.
 Adjust the EBITDA and the cash flow for operating activities have different behaviors along
 of the year, as you can see in the two charts.
 The blue line for both charts represent the historical trend, while the red line represents
 expected behavior for 2021. When analyzing Adjusted EBITDA, best performing quarter for
 revenue recognition is Q4 when all solutions have their first content
 and deliver it to schools.
 On the other hand, the worst-performing quarter is Q3,
 as most of the content has been delivered
 in previous quarters.
 This year we expect a more accentuated seasonality,
 but still following historical trends.
 when analyzing cash flow from operating activities
 that the majority of schools pay for our solutions
 in up to eight installments starting around February.
 Q2 is usually the strongest cash generator while Q4 is the weakest.
 This year, as we extended payment terms to assist our partners' calls, the cash collection
 behavior will be a little different from historical trends.
 Moving to slide 10, we are very excited about the return of in-person classes in
 old states in Brazil as it increases the effectiveness of our commercial activities.
 At this point, 56% of the population
 received at least the first dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.
 and 24% are fully vaccinated.
 with vaccination of teenagers starting this month
 in some states.
 The reopening of schools and vaccination of the population has a direct impact in the
 commercial cycle, as principles become more optimistic and open to meet our team and discuss
 positive changes to their schools.
 represent in slide 11, despite in the still early stage the commercial cycle for the 2022
 Collier is presenting a much faster organic growth pace versus last year, indicating that
 the worst is definitely behind us.
 our car solution, year-to-date organic growth pace,
 things in line with pre-pandemic levels.
 indicating a strong lead conversion on top of a suppressed demand.
 Positivo is the leading performer for the course segment, two times ahead of the commercial
 cycle for 2020 is we are proving the effectiveness of our acquire and improve strategy as for
 our supplemental solutions here to date organic growth pace shows strong recovery versus last
 year, but indicates a two-step recovery to pre-pandemic growth rate levels.
 We had one of the best years for renewals last year, and at this point, we've had one
 renewal rates for car solutions are in line with historical levels while
 supplemental solutions are presenting a stronger renewal performance.
 Moving to slide 12.
 Cross cell has further accelerated and now represents 85% of the intake for supplemental
 solutions here to date.
 And to mention that the economics for Crossel are better as we see a faster lead conversion,
 of larger contracts and usually with longer terms and the relationship with
 the partner's call becomes stronger, increasing the rotation rates.
 The possibilities to capture cross opportunities
 are numerous, and here are some recent examples.
 In the first one, named cross cell intake,
 We signed with a large school that did not use any Arco product before, adding both Psy
 and Navi, our maker solution.
 In the second example named Renewal Core plus Cross-Cell Supplemental, we extended
 the contract term with a positive partner's call to five years and added Plano.
 In the third example, named UpsilingSupplemental plus CrossailCore, we extended the contract
 within international school, partner school,
 while you're adding other branches of the same chain
 and including SAS, leading to a five-times ACV increase.
 Finally, in the fourth example, named Renewal Supplemental,
 plus cross cell.
 We extended the contract term with an
 And the School of Intelligence has partnered with the School for four years and has added
 at Psi, PES, and Plano, leading to a 10 times ACV increase.
 Moving to slide 13, we are now powering the cross-sale initiatives with the creation of
 A business unit that will centralize our supplemental solutions.
 solutions. This structure will allow us to extract synergies by centralizing activities
 that will lead to cost savings, reducing time spent with repeated demands and challenges,
 is simulating cooperation between solutions, providing
 access to tools and resources from one to another,
 and leveraging on our cause employer branding.
 while, of course, maintaining strong brands,
 pedagogical approach with clear identities.
 fast response to customer needs,
 and focus on quality and innovation.
 I'll now turn the call back to Ari.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for watching.
 Have a great day.
 Bye.
 Thank you, Otero.
 Innovation has always been part of our DNA,
 especially when it translates into delivering
 a better product or service to our clients.
 On slide 15, we present SAAS Adept, a version of SAAS, our most premium brand that offers
 more customization possibilities, generates more data on students' engagement and pedagogical
 gaps and allows for higher connectivity among all content
 available in the platform.
 It's a solution that fits well with the demands of school segments that want to customize their
 content.
 which in turn will provide valuable feedback
 that will guide us to further improve our solutions.
 SAS ADAPT was created using Studos and eduCos features,
 which are now part of Arcotech, alongside Scholar Movements,
 our app communication solution and WPensar, our ERP solution
 as presented on slide 16.
 Arcotech was recently created with the goal of centralizing the technology backbone of
 of our solutions.
 gathering the best features from all platforms
 acquired along the ears that can be the common to all into one single strong backbone.
 we will allow for us cost savings and better user experience as we will be able to implement
 improvements and add new features much faster.
 sides.
 our employer branding to attract talents on the technology segment.
 Acquired in July is a great compliment to ArcoTech's portfolio, as it is a powerful
 LMS that provides a personalized learning experience and help schools to acquire more students
 based on data intelligence.
 On our final slide on page 18, we bring a summary of our ESG report released last week.
 our first step towards mapping our strengths and gaps
 so we can further expand our impact on Brazilian education.
 The materiality analysis presented last quarter guided us to focus on three main topics, which
 which are fully aligned with our strategy.
 impact on education, focus on people and strong and sustainable structure.
 The report brings relevant information on each of these topics and challenges us to
 to continue pursuing better practice.
 going forward.
 ARCO is undergoing relevant changes.
 M&A was key to support our mission to scale quality education across Brazil.
 And now is the time for us to organize our structure and further extract the benefits
 of having reputable brands, quality solution, and a highly talented team.
 The creation of R-Co-Tec and R-Co-Plus allow us to centralize a structure that will generate
 even more value when combined. And there is more to come as we
 deep dive into our processes, generating savings that will translate into freeing capital to
 invest in what really creates value, serving well our clients and unlocking value to grow.
 Thank you for your time, Operator.
 we can now open for questions.
 Thank you.
 The floor is now open for questions.
 If you have a question, please press star 1 on your 13-tone phone.
 edit this or any time.
 If at any point your question is answered, you may remove yourself from the queue by
 my presence time too.
 Questions you'll be taking in the order they are received.
 We do ask that when you pose our questions, that you pick up your headset to provide an
 optimal sound quality.
 quality.
 Please hold while we poll for questions.
 Our first question comes from Vitor Tomita, the Goldman Sachs.
 Hello, good evening all, and thanks for taking our questions, two questions on our side.
 The first one is on ARCO plus if you could give us some more details on the type of activity that will be centralized
 Particularly, if you will have a single commercial team for all brands now, and if so, if you
 to see any risks through brand perception in using the same team for higher end and lower end
 and supplemental brands.
 And the second question would be on ArcoTech,
 especially how it will interact with the various
 car brands other than SAS ADAPT or how it separates the technological back and currently
 is between different color brands,
 And if there could be significant cost savings from arising
 from unifying the technology backbone across core brands.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Victor.
 Thanks for the questions.
 It was out of here.
 I would say that there's no changing mindset here.
 I think that's something that we always mapped
 that was gonna happen.
 We were just waiting for the right timing
 to do such integration.
 So the idea here is really to join efforts
 in a more efficient way across those brands.
 So in terms of what is going to be centralized and integrated, we here internally are saying
 that everything that is behind a curtain, right?
 So everything that will not prevent the client
 from perceiving the unique identity of the brand, okay?
 So everything related to operations and back office services will at first be integrated.
 With regards to the sales team, the idea here
 is to keep them independent, right?
 So, as we discussed in the presentation,
 We already have a team dedicated to the cross cell.
 So this team dedicated to Cross-Sale is already selling all brands, but we're going to keep
 independent sales team for each of the brands as well, right?
 So this is what will drive clients and customers
 to perceive the uniqueness of each of the brands.
 But behind the curtains, we will integrate several areas.
 Okay.
 As to Oracle Tech, I would say that similarly to Oracle Plus, here, there's no change in
 mindset as well. So it's really about finding the right timing to do it.
 as you know we made several acquisitions over the last two three years and the key priority at first
 was really to improve the content, to improve the product, to improve the customer service,
 improve the go-to-market strategy and to use the local technology at first, right?
 So that was the strategy for those acquisitions that we made.
 Now we think it's the time to drive the integration
 of the technology platforms.
 So what we're going to do is create one single technology
 Backphone, right?
 backing those platforms and the front end is going to be independent, right?
 So we're gonna have a local team at each of the brands
 driving the uniqueness of the front end to the students and to schools, but we're going to have
 the centralized backbone driven by ARCO tech right so the idea here is to drive
 more efficiency, it should drive more agility, right, and to allocate the best resources
 it's possible to all the brands, right?
 So that's the idea here.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Pedro Mariani with Bank of America.
 Okay.
 Bye, guys.
 Thank you.
 If we could hear it, I also have two questions.
 So the first hour, if you could just provide an update
 being going, uh, commercial cycle for next year, how you're seeing the new takes
 say, I mix for the most of our business lines,
 what is the profile of these intakes, like,
 if they are coming from the breakers or through the conversion to learning systems, that would
 be super hard to beat the first question.
 and the second is regarding the self-adapt that you provide us with information right now.
 I just wanted to understand what is this strategy here, right?
 So, the profile of the schools, you want to test.
 At East, there is any defense in terms of secrets
 That's the traditional system, okay?
 Thank you.
 Hi, Pedro.
 This is Arie.
 Thank you for your question.
 Regarding the commercial cycle, I would say that the early signs are very strong.
 QR in the beginning of the cycle, most of the contracts are signed in the second semester
 of the year between September and November, but I think the main difference here is that
 We are now able to visit schools.
 Our team is traveling extensively.
 We are able to receive schools, you know, have quarters, so we are hosting events
 very frequently, and this last step of the sales cycle to close the deal is very important.
 So we see that, in core, we are multiple times ahead of 2020.
 and in a growth phase in line of 2019.
 In the suplemento, in 2019, we were growing 60%.
 So I would say that in 2020, it's multiple times ahead of, sorry, in 2021, it's multiple times ahead
 of 2020, but I would say that the recovery to the levels of 2019, it's going to be in
 a two-step way.
 So we're very optimistic at this point, too early.
 But the traction of the sales force and the sales team is very strong.
 We are very excited for the months ahead.
 Regarding Sazadapt, I would say that the idea here is most to address those schools that
 use textbooks and want to have a white label product and the ability to
 and flexibilize their content.
 and also to have the possibility
 that their teachers produce content
 and upload in their platform.
 I would say that these are, in most of the times,
 at premium schools, that they have their own content
 produce it in-house. And regarding the pricing, it's the same pricing that we use as SAS because
 which is already a premium solution.
 Thank you for having me.
 Thanks a lot.
 Our next question comes from Vinicius Hebedo with UBS.
 Hello, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking our question.
 to the themes you'd like to discuss here, please.
 And first, thanks for the meters on the ATV, it's super helpful.
 You mentioned that...
 The core legacy sales are in line with 2019.
 We just wanted to clarify if those sales already include
 positive performance during 2019 or not.
 And the second question is, you guys would
 your margin guidance, and Adi alluded to the fourth key results.
 We just wanted to understand how dependent is this guidance on you achieving your internal
 goals for the ATV that should start to be recognized in the 4Q and should
 results in operating leverage.
 Thanks.
 I've got two titles here, so thanks for the questions.
 As to the first one, we are including Positivo in 2019, okay?
 soul, same brands, growth, okay.
 To the second one, with regards to the margin, yes, we are reaffirming or reiterating the
 range between 35.5 and 37.5. I mean internally, of course, we assume that we will reach the
 internal goals for next year, right?
 So, I mean, traditionally, we do, right?
 So we are assuming and based on the early signs, as Adi said,
 for the commercial cycle, they seem achievable, right?
 So, we brought the expectancies and myelitis for margins this year.
 So, seasonality will reflect the historical trend, right?
 So we should expect a week just to be the margin Q3.
 and I strongly adjusted EBITDA margin in Q4.
 So there should be no surprises there.
 Thanks a lot.
 That was pretty clear.
 Oh, thank you.
 Our next question comes from Ian Siskine,
 We see Banco BTG back to us.
 Good evening, Ari, with that, we're incurring that.
 I have two brief questions here on my side.
 The first one, I just wonder if you guys can give us
 more color on the Chistab recovery in the supplemental ACV.
 I mean, does it mean that it will take two years to fully recover?
 Should we expect these supplemental ACV back to 2019 levels, like in the 2023 cycle?
 That's the first question.
 And the second question, I just wanted
 to know if you guys could give us a breakdown
 on the non-recurring expenses that you guys
 published here today.
 Thank you.
 Hiya.
 Oh, oh, oh.
 So, to your first point on the supplemental growth, as Ari mentioned, I'm sorry, I don't
 2019, this was a business unit that was growing close to 60%, right?
 So by saying that we expect this to be a two-step recovery, it's not that we don't think that
 60% growth is no longer achievable, right?
 is just because we think that to reach those growth levels
 you would need to have a full one year of a normal commercial activity, which did not
 happen, right?
 So, the truth is that our SAIS team was able to more intensively interact with schools
 from the...
 month of May, beginning of June, onwards, right?
 And the level of stress at this course
 was much higher in the first semester of the year, right?
 So our point here is that we think we would need a full year of a normalized commercial
 activity to be able to reach those growth rates, okay?
 Okay, so we think that structurally this business unit is capable of having this growth and
 And by saying to the stage, we think that possibly this could happen in 2023.
 As to the no recurring expenses, could you just repeat the question?
 if you wanted to understand what is included in the recurring, right?
 Yes, there is a line called the non-recurring expenses, but we don't have further details,
 So I just wonder if you could break it down for us.
 That's it.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So inside new recurring, you basically
 have cost-related to the SOX implementation or accreditation
 to the company, okay?
 And you have other expenses related to M&A deals
 deals and the business process that we are undergoing.
 Okay.
 Yes. Thank you. Very clear. Thank you, guys.
 The question comes from Javier Martinez with Morgan Stanley.
 Hi, thank you.
 Good evening.
 everybody. And I would to ask you again about the commercialization. I know there is a
 a little bit early, but I want to try to get some color or maybe some new trends, you know.
 I'm trying to understand how COVID or affordability may be impacting the mix for next year, you know.
 I don't know if you have noticed any different trends in SARS,
 XI versus the new brands and also in the supplemental international schools, the old supplemental
 products versus the new ones.
 That will be my first question, please.
 Hi, how's everybody here?
 Thank you for your question.
 So, we have seen, when you look at the core,
 a strong performance for all the brands.
 I use the highlight sauce, which is the premium brand,
 performing quite well so far. But I think that the good surprise here is really positive
 where we have a two times higher student intake this year
 when you compare that to last year.
 And I think the reason for that is it's not the price positioning, it's mainly the changes
 and the evolution that we made in the product and in the technology.
 I would say that it has been a good year for replacing schools that use textbooks because
 they lack the technology necessary to pursue their activities in a post-COVID scenario.
 But I also would say that, especially for the less
 personalized and smaller learning systems that
 lack the scale to invest. It has also been a trend that these schools look for more rubber
 solution like ours. So I would say that technology is playing a very important role in shifting
 schools from textbooks and small learning systems to our solutions.
 Thanks, Adi. I remember when you both sighed that you had a bomb during one year or something
 something like that, and it's related with some churn,
 not related with the changing hands from the run.
 So it sounds like this time you're going to be able to avoid that, that will be really
 good news.
 She respect the same for Don Bosco, for the ones that are anti-trust approver.
 So, I would say that we will not be able to execute a full cycle regarding both a rotation
 and commercial cycle, both for rotation and commercial cycle, because the deal is expected
 it to be approved on the fourth quarter.
 So far, because of the untied trust,
 the limited figures that we have show us
 that the numbers are in line with previous years.
 But definitely, I think we won't have enough time
 to conclude a full cycle in COC and the law school
 you'll see in the board school because the antitrust would be approved on the last quarter
 of the year.
 Make sense.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Javier.
 Thank you very much.
 Hey guys, it's Ithotero here.
 Um, we have a question, uh, from Maria, uh, from our side, uh, from the webcast.
 So, can you provide more color on yourself, a prospect?
 How does the student growth look like?
 what are the opportunities identified for the B2C product.
 So, Maria, thanks very much for the questions.
 So we are super excited with Misalva.
 I think, strategically, this was a movement
 that we have been talking about for a while.
 We wanted to have the possibility
 to serve students enrolled in public schools, right?
 right.
 So we wanted to impact those students, but it was very challenging to fight the right
 to find the right product and to find the equilibrium between what would be affordable
 for those students and the acquisition cost
 of those students, since those are traditionally
 digital product.
 product.
 Salva is a great set to this strategy and we are conforming the thesis more and more
 as we
 we know better the asset.
 Your point on B2C is actually very interesting
 because this is a possibility, right?
 So we think that the product offered by Missalva
 and the profile of Tutoring that they offer
 is highly capable of adding incremental value
 to these calls that we serve already.
 We are starting to test the appetite for this product
 already in this semester, right?
 in the second semester of 2021 through a Freeman feature.
 And let's see, I mean, we are testing appetite right now and the idea is possibly next year
 upsell this product to a paid burden.
 At this time, I have no more questions in the queue.
 That concludes our second quarter 2021 earnings call.
 Thank you very much for your participation and have a nice day.
 Thank you.