 Good afternoon, everyone.
 Thank you for standing by and welcome to our co-platform second quarter 2021 earnings call.
 This event is being recorded, and all participants will be in a listing-only mode during the
 company's presentation.
 After our core remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 At the time, further instructions will be given.
 Should any participants need assistance during this call, please press 0 to reach the operator.
 This event is also being broadcast live via webcast
 and may be accessed through ARCO's website at investor.arkoplatform.com,
 where the presentation is also available.
 Now, I will turn the conference over to Karina Carrera, our Co-IR Director.
 Karina, you may begin your presentation.
 Thank you.
 I'm pleased to welcome you to Arco's second quarter 2021 conference call.
 With me on the call today, we have Argo's CEO,
 and our co-CFO, Roberto Otero.
 During today's presentation, our executives will make forward-looking statements.
 Fort-looking statements generally relate to future events or future financial or operating performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these Fort-looking statements.
 Forward-looking statements in this presentation include, but are not limited to, statements related to our business and financial performance.
 Our expectations and guidance for future periods.
 Our expectations regarding strategic product initiatives and their related benefits.
 and our expectations regarding the market.
 These risks include those set forth in the documents that we issued earlier today,
 as well as those more fully described in our findings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 The forward-looking statements in this presentation are based on the information available to us as of the day hereof.
 You should not rely on them as prediction of future events.
 and we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required by law.
 In addition, management may reference non-IFRS financial measures on this call.
 The non-IFRS financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute
 for results prepared in accordance with IFRS.
 We have provided a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures
 to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure in our press release.
 Please note that except from revenue, gross margin, selling expense,
 G&A and cash flow from operations, all other financial measures we discuss here are non-IFRS
 and growth rates are compared to the prior year comparable period unless otherwise stated.
 We also note that year-over-year comparisons are affected by acquisitions that were not included in our 2020 financials.
 financials. Let me now turn the call over to Adi, our co-CEO. Thank you, Karina, and thanks everyone
 for joining today's conference call.
 We hope that you and your families are all healthy and safe.
 You'd like to present four topics today, as shown in slide three.
 first
 on the results
 we had a
 21.9%
 revenue recognition in the quarter, leading to a net revenue of
 588 million reais
 for the first six months of
 2021 or
 an 18% increase versus the same period of 2020.
 Adjusted EBITDA this quarter was impacted by lower revenue recognition
 product development and sales force increase
 as we prepare for a post-pandemic
 recovery.
 leading to an accumulated
 adjusted EBITDA margin for the first six months of the year of 32.4%.
 despite and even
 soft third quarter had
 following historical seasonality
 trends, as Otero will show
 in a few minutes, we are confident
 that the fourth quarter will lead us to
 meet the adjusted EBITDA margin guidance of 35.5% and 37.5% range.
 The free cash flow improved this quarter as we collected the receivables generated by the extension of the payment terms to assist our partner schools,
 taking us back to our strong cash generation profile.
 Second, the commercial cycle for 2022 school year continues to show encouraging results as pandemic-related restrictions are progressively lift.
 At this point, we see organic growth pace for core solutions in line with pre-pandemic levels,
 while supplemental solutions accelerate verses 20-20,
 but indicate a two-step recovery to pre-pandemic growth rate levels.
 We are achieving great results from our cross-sell initiatives,
 which will now be powered by the creation of a centralized supplemental business unit called ARCO+.
 third
 as we continue to search
 for innovative ways of better
 service our clients
 and consolidate our leadership position in the industry,
 we launched this year SaaS ADAPT, a customizable and data-oriented version of SaaS,
 our most premium core solution
 allowing us to better serve the premium segment.
 SAS ADAPT was developed on top of EDUCOS LMS, a solution we acquired in July that will integrate our ArcoTech portfolio and has great data analytics capabilities.
 and finally
 we concluded our first step towards disclosure improvement and commitment to increase our impact
 with the release of our first ESG report.
 I will now turn the call to Otero to discuss the results for the quarter.
 Otero, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Adi, and good evening, everyone.
 Thank you for your time.
 And I also hope that you are all safe and healthy.
 Moving to slide 5, net revenues for the second quarter of 2021 were R$256 million, representing a 9% year-over-year growth and 21.9% of revenue recognition.
 below the historical
 average for the quarter, impacted by the second wave of COVID-19.
 As a result, net revenues for the six months of 2021 totaled R$588 million, 18% above the same period for last year.
 Lower revenues added to higher costs related to product development
 and higher selling expenses, aiming a stronger sales cycle,
 led to an adjusted EBITDA for the quarter of 72.3 million reais,
 28% below the second quarter last year
 with 28.2% EBITDA margin.
 adjusted EBITDA for the first six months of the year
 totaled R$190.6 million
 resulting in a 32.4% accumulated margin.
 Finally, adjusted net income was $36.4 million for the quarter with a 14.2% net margin and
 97.5 million for the first six months with 16.6% margin.
 On slide 6, we present a breakdown for our receivables,
 which reduced 19% from the first quarter level
 as we collected the receivables from our partners' calls
 to whom we provided support through more flexible payment terms.
 that added to the lower effective tax rate resulting from the corporate restructuring
 led to a significant improvement in the free cash flow this quarter.
 On slide 7, we present an update on our ongoing corporate restructuring,
 which will further contribute to our cash generation
 in the future.
 we concluded
 the incorporation of
 SaaS subsidiaries on July 1st, leading to annual savings amounting to R$30 million.
 AIs. Next steps include
 incorporation of Navia Vela this year
 and Escolhe Movimento, Pleno, and Estudos
 in 2022.
 As we incorporate businesses acquired in the past,
 we will be able to capture additional tax benefits and further reduce our effective tax rate.
 To conclude this session, moving to slide 8, we'd like to take the opportunity to make
 a quick recap on the seasonality of our business and how we expect this year to behave when
 compared to historical trends.
 Adjusted EBITDA and cash flow for operating activities have different behaviors along
 the year, as we can see in the two charts.
 The blue line for both charts represents the historical trend, while the red line represents
 the expected behavior for 2021.
 One, when analyzing adjusted EBITDA, best performing quarter for revenue recognition is skill 4,
 when all solutions have their first content delivered to schools.
 On the other hand, the worst performing quarter is Q3, as most of the content has been delivered in previous quarters.
 This year, we expect a more accentuated seasonality, but still following historical trends.
 when analyzing cash flow from operating activities
 As the majority of schools pay for our solutions in up to eight installments starting around February,
 Q2 is usually the strongest cache generator
 while Q4 is the weakest.
 This year, as we extend our payment terms to assist our partners close,
 the cash collection behavior
 will be a little
 different from historical
 trends.
 Moving to
 like 10
 we are very
 excited about the return of in-person
 classes in most states in Brazil
 as it increases
 the effectiveness of our commercial activities.
 At this point,
 56% of the population received at least the first dose of the COVID-19 vaccine
 and 24% are fully vaccinated
 with vaccination of teenagers starting this month in some states.
 The reopening of schools and vaccination of the population has a direct impact in the commercial cycle
 as principals become more optimistic
 and open to meet our team
 and discuss positive changes to their schools.
 As we present in slide 11, despite in a still early stage, the commercial cycle for the 2022 school year is presenting a much faster organic growth pace versus last year, indicating that the worst is definitely behind us.
 for our car solution
 year-to-date organic growth pace
 in line with pre-pandemic
 levels, indicating a strong lead conversion on top of a suppressed demand.
 Positivo is the leading performer for the core segment, two times ahead of the commercial cycle for 2020's whole year, proving the effectiveness of our acquire and improve strategy.
 as for our supplemental solutions
 year-to-date organic growth pace shows
 strong recovery versus
 last year but indicates
 It's a two-step recovery to pre-pandemic growth rate levels.
 We had one of the best years for renewals last year.
 And at this point, renewal rates for car solutions are in line with historical levels, while supplemental solutions are presenting a stronger renewal performance.
 Moving to slide 12, Cross-Sell has further accelerated and now represents 85% of the intake for supplemental solutions year-to-date.
 Important to mention that the economics for cross-sell are better as we see a faster lead conversion.
 signing of larger contracts
 and usually with longer terms.
 and the relationship
 with the partner's call
 becomes stronger,
 increasing the rotation rates.
 The possibilities to capture cross opportunities are numerous, and here are some recent examples.
 examples. In the first one, named cross cell intake, we signed with a large school that
 not use any Arco product
 before. Adding both
 SAI and NAVE, our maker solution.
 In the second example, named Renewal Core plus Cross-Cell Supplemental, we extended the contract term with Positivo Partners called to five years and added Plano.
 In the third example, named Upsaline Supplemental plus Cross-Sale Core,
 we extended the contract term with an international school partner school
 while adding other branches of the same chain
 and including SARS,
 leading to a five times ACV increase.
 Finally, in the fourth example named Renewal Supplemental plus Cross-Sell,
 we extended the contract term
 with an Escola d'Intelligencia partner school to four years
 and added SAI, PES, and Plano, leading to a 10x ACV increase.
 moving to slide 13
 we are now powering the cross-sell initiatives
 with the creation of ArcoPlus,
 a business unit that will centralize our supplemental solutions.
 This structure will allow us to extract synergies by centralizing activities that will lead to cost savings,
 Reducing time spent with repetitive demands and challenges
 is simulating cooperation between solutions,
 providing access
 to tools
 and resources from one to another
 and leveraging on ARCO's employer branding.
 while, of course, maintaining strong brands, pedagogical approach with clear identities,
 fast response to customer needs, and focus on quality and innovation.
 I'll now turn the call back to Ari.
 Ari, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Otero. Innovation has always been part of our DNA, especially when it translates into delivering a better product or service to our clients.
 On slide 15, we present SAS ADAPT, a version of SAS, our most premium brand,
 that offers more customization possibilities, generates more data on students' engagement and pedagogical gaps,
 and allows for higher connectivity among all content available in the platform.
 It's a solution that fits well with the demands of school segments that want to customize their content,
 which in turn will provide valuable feedback that will guide us to further improve our solutions.
 SazAdapt was created using
 in estudos,
 and Educos features, which are now part of ArcoTech, alongside Escola e Movimento, our
 app communication solution
 and WPensar, our ERP solution, as presented on slide 16.
 Arcotec was recently created with a goal of centralizing the technology backbone of our solutions,
 gathering the best features from all platforms acquired along the years
 that can be the common to all
 into one single strong backbone it will allow for us cost savings and better user experience as we
 will be able to implement improvements and add new features much faster besides
 Strengthening Our Employer Branding to Attract Talents on the Technology Segment.
 educo,
 acquired in July
 is a great complement to Arcotec's portfolio,
 as it is a powerful LMS that provides a personalized learning experience
 and help schools to acquire more students
 based on data intelligence.
 on our
 final slide on page 18 we bring a
 summary of our
 ESG report released
 last week. Our first step
 towards mapping our strengths and gaps
 so we can further expand our impact on Brazilian education.
 The materiality analysis presented last quarter
 guided us to focus on three main topics,
 which are fully aligned with our strategy.
 impact on education
 focus on people
 and strong and sustainable structure.
 The report brings relevant information on each of these topics and challenges us to continue pursuing better practice going forward.
 ARCO is undergoing relevant changes.
 M&A was key to support our mission to scale quality education across Brazil.
 And now is the time for us to organize our structure and further extract the benefits of having reputable brands, quality solutions, and a highly talented team.
 The creation of ArcoTech and ArcoPlus allow us to centralize a structure that will generate
 even more value when combined.
 and there is more to come
 as we deep dive into our processes,
 generating savings
 that will translate into freeing capital
 to invest in what really creates value, serving well our clients and unlocking value to grow.
 Thank you for your time, operator.
 we can now open for questions.
 Thank you.
 The floor is now open for questions.
 If you have a question, please press Star 1 on a touch-tone phone.
 at this or any time.
 If at any point your question is answered, you may remove yourself from the queue by pressing Start 2.
 Questions you'll be taking in the order they are received.
 We do ask that when you pose your questions, that you pick up your headset to provide an optimal sound quality.
 Please hold while we poll for questions.
 Our first question comes from Vitor Tomita, the Goldman Sachs.
 Hello, good evening all, and thanks for taking our questions.
 It's two questions on our side.
 The first one is on Arco Plus.
 If you could give us some more details on the type of activity that will be centralized,
 particularly if you will have
 a single commercial team
 for all brands now
 and it's so
 it's just
 see any risks through brand perception in using the same team for higher-end and lower-end
 supplemental brands
 brands and if there could
 be significant cost savings
 It's arising from unifying the technology backbone across core brands.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Vitor. Thanks for the questions. It's Otero here.
 on Arco Plus
 I would say that there's no changing mindset here.
 I think that's something that we always mapped that was going to happen.
 We were just waiting for the right timing to do such integration.
 So the idea here is really to join efforts in a more efficient way across those brands.
 Okay, so in terms of what is going to be centralized and integrated, we here internally are saying
 that everything that is behind the curtain, right?
 So everything that will not prevent the client from perceiving the unique identity of the brand.
 Okay, so everything related to operations and back-office services will at first be integrated.
 with regards to the sales team
 The idea here is to keep them independent, right?
 So, as we discussed in the presentation, we already have a team dedicated to the cross-cell.
 so this team dedicated to cross-sell is already selling all brands but we're
 gonna keep independent sales team for each of the brands as well right so
 So this is what will drive clients and customers to perceive the uniqueness of each of the brands.
 But behind the curtains, we will integrate several areas, okay?
 as to our
 contacts, I would say that similarly to
 Arco Plus here, there's no change in mindset as well, right?
 So it's really about finding the right timing to do it.
 As you know, we made several acquisitions over the last two, three years,
 And the key priority at first was really to improve the content, to improve the product, to improve the customer service, and to improve the go-to-market strategy.
 and to use the local technology
 at first, right?
 So that was the strategy for those acquisitions that we made.
 Now we think it's the time to drive the integration of the technology platforms.
 So what we're going to do is create one single technology backbone, right,
 backing those platforms, and the front end is going to be independent, right?
 So we're going to have a local team at each of the brands driving the uniqueness of the
 front end to students and to schools, but we're going to have the centralized backbone
 driven by ArcoTech, right?
 So the idea here is to drive more efficiency.
 it's to drive more agility
 and to allocate the best resources
 as possible to all the brands, right?
 So that's the idea here.
 Very clear.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Pedro Mariani with Bank of America.
 Thank you.
 Bye, guys.
 What do you mean?
 Thanks for the opportunity here.
 I also have two questions.
 So if you could just provide an update on the ongoing commercial cycle for next year,
 and how you're seeing when he takes dynamics
 for the most important business lines.
 What is the profile of using dates?
 like that you see
 They're coming from proprietors or through the conversion to their new systems.
 and that would be super happy
 to the first question and the second
 with regarding this out of that
 that you provided some information right now.
 I just wanted to understand what is the strategy here, right?
 so
 this is all
 at the schools
 who went to death
 and if there is any difference in terms of tickets versus the traditional SaaS products.
 Okay, these are the two questions.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Pedro. This is Ari. Thank you for your question.
 regarding the commercial cycle.
 So I would say that the early signs are very strong.
 we still are in the beginning of the cycle
 most of the contracts are signed in the second semester of the year between
 September and November but I think the main difference here is that we are now
 able to visit schools our team is traveling extensively we are able to
 receive schools in our headquarters
 So we are hosting events very frequently.
 And this last step of the sales cycle to close the deal is very important.
 So, we see that in core, we are multiple times ahead of 2020 and in a growth phase in line of 2019.
 In the supplemento in 2019, we were growing 60%.
 So I would say that in 2020, it's multiple times ahead of, sorry, in 2021, it's multiple times ahead of 2020.
 But I would say that the recovery to the levels of 2019, it's going to be in a two-step way.
 so we're very optimistic at this point too early but the traction of the
 Salesforce and the sales team
 is very strong.
 we are very excited for the months ahead.
 Regarding SaaSadapt, I would say that the idea here is most to address those schools
 that use textbooks and want to have a white label product and the ability to
 to flexibilize their content.
 and also to uh have the possibility that their teachers produce content and upload in their
 platform. I would say
 that these are, in most of the times,
 of premium schools uh that they have their own content produced in-house and regarding the
 pricing. It's the same
 pricing that we use as
 SAS, because it's already
 a premium solution.
 Super hot for you.
 Thanks so much.
 Our next question comes from Vinicius Ribeiro with UBS.
 Hello, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking our question.
 two themes
 you'd like to
 discuss here
 please
 And first, thanks for the meters on the ATV.
 super helpful.
 You mentioned that
 core legacy sales are in line with 2019.
 We just wanted to clarify if those sales already include
 Positivo performance
 to install in 2019 or not.
 And the second question is,
 you guys
 with the radio
 your
 margin guidance and
 And Arie alluded to the fourth few results.
 We just wanted to understand how dependent is this guidance on you achieving your internal goals for the ATV
 that you start being recognized during the 4Q
 and should result in operating leverage.
 Hi, Vinicius Otero here.
 So thanks for the questions.
 And as to the first one, we are including Positivo in 2019, okay?
 So, same brands, growth, okay?
 to the second one
 uh with regards to uh to the margin yes uh we are reaffirming or reiterating uh the the range between
 between 35.5 and 37.5.
 I mean, internally, of course, we assume that we will reach the internal goals for next year, right?
 So, I mean, traditionally, we do, right?
 So we're assuming and based on the early signs for as I said for the commercial cycle
 they seem achievable, right?
 So we brought the expected seasonality for margins this year.
 So seasonality will reflect the historical trend, right?
 So we should expect a weak adjusted EBITDA margin in Q3 and a strong adjusted EBITDA margin in Q4.
 So there should be no surprises there.
 Thanks, Oteros.
 for clear.
 No, thank you.
 Our next question comes from Ian Seskin with Banco BTG Pac-12.
 Good evening, Ari, Otero, and Karina.
 I have two brief questions
 here on my side
 the first one
 I just wonder if you guys could
 Give us more color on the two-stab recovery in the supplemental ACV.
 I mean
 Does it mean that it will take two years to fully recover should we expect these supplemental ACV back to 2019 levels like in the 2023 cycle?
 that's the first question
 and the second question
 I just wanted to know if you guys
 could give us a breakdown on the non-recurring
 expenses that you guys
 published here today.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Otero here.
 so
 to your first point
 on the supplemental growth as Ari mentioned in 2019 this was a business
 unit that was growing close to 60%, right?
 So by saying that we expect this to be a two-step recovery, it's not that we don't think that 60% growth is no longer achievable, right?
 it's just because we think that
 to reach those growth levels we would need to have a full one year of a normal commercial activity
 which did not happen, right?
 So the truth is that our sales team was able to more intensively interact with schools from the month of May, beginning of June onward, right?
 and the level of stress
 at the schools was much higher in the first semester of the year right so our
 point here is that we think we would need a full year of a normalized commercial
 activity to be able to reach those growth rate okay so we think that
 structurally this business unit is capable of having this growth and by
 the interstate we think that possibly
 this could happen in
 2023 let's see as to the no recurring expenses could you just repeat the
 question you wanted to understand what is included in the recurring right yes
 there is a line called
 be non-recurring expenses, but we don't
 have further details so I just
 wonder if you could break it down for us.
 That's it.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So inside No Recurring, you basically have costs related to the SOX implementation or accreditation to the company, okay?
 And you have other expenses related to M&A deals and due diligence process that we are undergoing, okay?
 Yes, thank you.
 very clear
 Thank you, guys.
 The question comes from Javier Martinez with Morgan Stanley.
 Hi, thank you.
 good evening to everybody
 I want to ask you again about the
 I know there is a little bit of commercialization.
 it early, but I want to
 to try to get some color or maybe some new trends, no?
 in fact, where they are
 how COVID or affordability may be impacting the mix for next year, no?
 I don't know if you have noticed any different trends in SARS,
 SAI versus the new branch
 and also in the supplemental
 International School
 the old supplemental products
 versus the new ones, no?
 That will be my first question, please.
 Hi, Javier.
 Adi here.
 Thank you for your question.
 so
 we have seen
 when you look at
 for a strong performance
 for all the brands
 I used to highlight
 that sauce which is the premium brand is performing quite well so far but I think
 the good surprise here is really positivo
 where we have a two times higher student intake this year
 when you compare that to last year.
 and I think
 the reason for that is
 It's not the price positioning.
 It's mainly the changes and the evolution that we made in the product and in the technology.
 I would say that it has been a good year for replacing schools that use textbooks
 because they lack the technology necessary to pursue their activities in a post-COVID scenario.
 But I also say that especially for the less professionalized and smaller learning systems that lack the scale to invest, it has also been a trend that these schools look for a more robust solution like ours.
 So I would say that technology is playing a very important role in shifting schools from textbooks and small learning systems to our solutions.
 Thanks, Ari.
 I remember when you bought
 side that you had a bump during one year or something like that and related with some
 turn, no, related with the change in
 hands from the brand.
 So it sounds like this time you're going to be able to avoid that.
 That will be really good news.
 Should we expect the same for Don Bosco, for the ones that are under antitrust approval?
 So I would say that we will not be able to execute a full cycle regarding both a retention and commercial cycle, both for retention and commercial cycle, because the deal is expected to be approved on the fourth quarter.
 So far, because of the antitrust, the limited figures that we have show us that the numbers are in line with previous years.
 but definitely
 I think we won't have
 enough time to conclude
 full cycle in CoC and Don Bosco because the antitrust would be approved on the
 the last quarter of the year.
 Makes sense.
 Thank you very much, Ali.
 Thank you, Javier.
 But...
 Hey, guys, it's Otero here.
 We have a question from Marilia, from RSI, from the webcast.
 So can you provide more color only to solve a prospect?
 how does the student growth look like,
 and what are the opportunities identified
 for the B2C product.
 So, Maria, thanks very much for the question.
 So we are super excited with Misalva.
 I think, strategically, this was a movement that we have been talking about for a while.
 So we wanted to have the possibility to serve students enrolled in public schools, right?
 so we wanted to impact those students but it was very challenging to fight the
 right to find the right product right and to find equilibrium between what
 would be affordable for those students and the acquisition cost of those students since
 Those are traditionally digital products.
 So MISALVA is a great fit to this strategy,
 and we are confirming the thesis more and more
 as we know better the asset.
 Your point on B2C is actually very interesting
 because this is a possibility, right?
 So we think that the products offered by MISALVA and the profile of tutoring that they offer
 is highly capable of adding incremental value
 to these schools that we serve already.
 we are starting to test
 the appetite for
 this product already in this semester right in the second semester of 2021 through a freemium
 feature
 and let's see
 I mean, we are testing appetite right now, and the idea is possibly next year upsell this product to a paid version.
 Thank you.
 At this time, I have no more questions in the queue.
 That concludes ARCO's second quarter 2021 earnings call.
 Thank you very much for your participation and have a nice day.