 Good day and welcome to the Rossi Joe 3Q and 9M 2021 IFRS Results and Management Conference Call. For your information, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the conference over to Mr. Dmitry Yakovlev. Please go ahead, sir. So, dear ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and thanks for joining us on this call following the release of our consolidated financial results for the third quarter and nine months of 2021, most recent developments and outlooks throughout the rest of the year. Participating on the call today is Deputy CEO Sergei Terebulin as well as live managers from sales, business planning, and operations. The report as well as the presentation are available on our IR website and in the Bloomberg terminal. Please note that some of the information announced during the call may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of Rossi Hydro Group. Please refer to the beginning of the presentation for a full disclaimer. Now, I will give the floor to our speaker, Deputy CEO Sergei Terebulin. Thank you. Thank you, everybody, for joining us at this call dedicated to Rossi Hydro Group consolidated financial statements for nine months of 2021. Traditionally, I will briefly go through the presentation and leave more room for you for your questions and our answers. So, in terms of key figures and highlights, over the last nine months, our revenue increased by 7.3%. Operating expenses remain pretty under control and operating profit as a result increased by 2% up to 71 billion rubles. EBITDA increased by 1.6%, so it remains at a pretty stable level of 92 billion rubles. So, the net profit decreased by 13%. Later on, I will describe the factors that affected this issue. So, total debt declined. At the moment, we have 1.6% total leverage. In terms of net leverage, it's at a level of 1.0%. So, the next slide, number four, is dedicated to our revenue. As you can see here, the breakdown, the composition of our revenue stream remains pretty stable. And the revenue dynamics is shown also here. If you have any further questions, you will be able to ask them. Then, slide number five shows you the EBITDA and net profit bridges. As you see here, the main factors that driven increase of EBITDA by 1.6% were increase of operating revenue, increase of governmental grants, a little bit decline in fuel costs, and also a little bit increase in fuel costs, increase in purchased electricity and capacity. It was completely covered by increase in revenue and other factors. So, in terms of net profit, it was mainly affected by two key factors. Revaluation of B2B forward, minus 9 billion rubles. That was only driven by changes in our stock prices. And the divestment of CHESC that gave us 2.2 billion rubles of net profit in the last period. So, in terms of outlook for 2021 and key drivers of further financial performance, we keep our pretty stable operational outlook. We do believe that our production by our hydropower plants will be pretty much in line with the forecast. We expect that consolidated revenue for 2021 will be circa 460 billion rubles. We also expect that consolidated EBITDA will increase 110 billion rubles for the year 2021. In terms of the six new power plants in the Far East region, we do expect that the governmental decree on DPM will be issued pretty shortly. So, it's now in the government, so we do expect that the paper will be issued. In terms of our dividend policy, right today, the board should decide on the amendments to the dividend policy to make it, to adjust it in line with the latest governmental decree, number 1589. So, the key ideas of the existing dividend policy remain in place. So, we completely, well, okay, if you have any further questions, I'll just address them. And in terms of leverage, we do expect that by the end of 2021, net debt to EBITDA will be at a level of 1.2. That is pretty lower than our original forecast of 1.7. I think these are actually the key figures that we wanted to highlight. So, if you have any questions, please go on. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 on the telephone keypad. And if you're using your speakerphone, please ensure that your mute function is turned off. Again, it is star 1 for a question. We want to pause for just one moment. And the first question comes from Sergey Baden from Renaissance Capital. Please go ahead. Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. I have actually two questions. The first one, if I look at your personal cost in third quarter, I see that it rose 5.7%. Do you understand it correctly that it relates to the indexation of salaries in the middle of this year? Or with something else? And the second question, given your kind of guidance for full-year EBITDA, it means that you expect fourth quarter to be really dreadful in terms of profitability. Do you expect that the higher prices for gas and coal really affect your profitability in the Far East and fourth quarter that significantly? Or it just means that your guidance is too conservative? Thank you. Thank you. So the answer to your first question is yes. Your understanding is correct. And as to your second question, I think there are two factors here. First of all, certainly increasing coal and gas prices is affecting our results. And we do expect that it will happen in 2004. Moreover, there is always a shift in these factors. So you first buy the fuel, and then to the extent you consume it, you just show it on your books. So yes, in the fourth quarter, this factor will affect it. And the second factor is just a usual seasonal factor because the fourth quarter is typically the one where you just sign all the papers when you accept all the works. And it means that you always have the fourth quarter high in terms of expenses as compared to the first half of the year. Next question comes from Roman Filkin from Prosperity Capital Management. Please go ahead. Yes, hello. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity to ask a question. I have a question about the taxation. And some, I guess, a few weeks ago, maybe a month ago, there was some news that Nature Ministry suggested to increase the water tax quite considerably by multiple times. Of course, it was just a suggestion. So maybe you can give us some color if any discussion on this matter is ongoing and what potential impact could be on your performance going forward. Thank you. Well, actually, as long as I've been working with Rus Hydra, I've been hearing this initiative coming, I think, every two years or maybe sometimes even every year. So somebody always wants to increase water tax driven by different reasons. At the moment, we do not see any potential harm. We do not expect this initiative will be supported by the government at the end of the day. At the moment, it has not been supported neither by the Ministry of Energy nor by Vice Chairman Trutnev nor by any other involved agencies or ministries. So we expect that it will be discussed and then no significant or any increase at all will happen on the back of this initiative. In fact, thank you. Thank you. And maybe the follow-up question on the previous one, which was asked by Sergey. So what kind of the relative coal and gas price increase are you expecting for the Q4 if we compare it with like last year level? Is it maybe you can give some guidance? Is it some double-digit percentage growth or what is it at the moment? Well, frankly speaking, I can't give you any projection for the fourth quarter at the moment. I can say that because actually we use a huge variety of coal types. So an average price is not applicable here. The general effect of the fuel increase that we expect in 2021 is 6.2 billion rubles generally. But again, in terms of prices themselves, it's impossible to give you any guidance because of a huge variety of them. Thank you. Thank you. Next question comes from Anastasia Tinkanova from GTP Capital. Please go ahead. Yes, hello. Thank you for the presentation. A few questions from my side. The first one is related to the DPM2 project in the Far East. In this presentation, you have stated 15-year payback period, while last time you told us about the consideration of 12 years. So what is actually the final expectation, please? The second relates to the subsidies. Also, recently we've seen the initiative and proposal for the annual reduction in the next years. Probably you could update us on this. And probably you could comment on anything related to the Dwyoluk deal and the anti-flood HPPs that were also announced before the previous call. Thank you. So, thank you. As to the first question, well, what we expect to see in the final decrease is shown in the presentation. So we expect the return of investments will be 15 years, and the expected return would be 12.5%. That means that effective return would be kind of 11%. Okay, so as to the anti-flooding dams and stations, actually, there are no significant changes since the last call. A couple of them are now being considered. So we actually cannot give you any guidance here at the moment, because there are no final decisions on that, not in terms of – neither in terms of timing nor in terms of pricing. So once we have any better understanding of that, we'll certainly disclose it. Thank you. Thank you. And also on subsidies, Andrew, please. So for the year 2021, we expect that the overall amount of subsidies would be 51.6 billion rubles. And any expectation of their reduction in future? Well, actually, for the next year, we expect it at the pretty same level, 51.4, and then we expect it even to a little bit grow, like 54 to 57 billion rubles. Thank you. But this is actually the expectations that we use in our internal business planning. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Next question comes from Igor Gomkarov from Gazprom Bank. Please go ahead. Yes. Thank you very much for the opportunity. I just wanted to clarify on the potential CAPEX in 2021. You showed a relatively well-known slide on the 12th with the CAPEX schedule, with the planned CAPEX of 1.24, including VIT. At the same time, for the 9 months, the CAPEX excluding VIT was about 47 billion rubles. You mentioned several times that the plan that you have on the slide 12 is maybe too aggressive in terms of CAPEX. So, basically, I wanted to ask, what's the expectations in terms of CAPEX of 2021? Which figure looks reasonable for CAPEX this year? Thank you. Thank you for asking. I think that the reasonable figure would be kind of 10% below the figure in the business plan, or something around it. So, we should still expect pretty significant CAPEX in the fourth quarter. If it is 10% below the business plan, and we exclude VIT, it's probably coming to somewhere around 90 billion rubles, excluding VIT. Is that a reasonable number? You mean for the fourth quarter, or you mean generally? No, I mean for the year. For the year, 90 without VIT. Just a second, please. Yeah, like that, you're all right. Excluding VIT, it should be circa 90 billion. All right. Okay, thank you very much. Next question comes from Sergey Boydun from Renaissance Capital. Please go ahead. Thank you. Thank you. Just returning to the Far East, and given that there's currently a tariff campaign for the next year, Do you expect or do you expect or do you see any kind of government inclined to compensate you for the current growth in fuel prices in the Far East in the next year or probably in medium-term tariffs in the Far East? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I mean, are you trying to incorporate that increase currently in the next year tariff there, or basically you're seeing no possibility for compensation of the excessive growth we saw this year in fuel prices? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, certainly we submitted our proposals and ideas for consideration by the government. But, in fact, I do not expect that next year anything might be compensated because, you know, it takes quite a time for the officials to take a decision and to understand the ultimate implications on the end tariff, on the consumers and everything. So, I would rather expect if a decision to compensate as a stake and it should happen in the medium-term perspective. Thank you. Okay, but do you understand it correctly that by law on that long-term tariffs in the Far East, the government is allied to compensate you? It cannot basically reject just the question of when. Why are you talking about rejections? If you're talking about rejections, maybe I'm not understanding you correctly. No. So, by law, we have a long-term period of regulation. Yes. So, there is a bit. Yeah. And the tariffs have to reflect the actual cost of fuel and not the forecasted cost of fuel the government had in their mind. So, basically, by law, any increase in fuel has to be compensated. It's just a question of when that should happen. That's what I meant. Well, what we are discussing now with the officials is kind of, you know, changes in regulation that will let us get the whole compensation that we have to. Because according to, if we are just living in the long-term regulation, it cannot be reflected completely and right now or in the short period of time. So, we submitted our ideas how this regulation should be, you know, altered. Okay. Thank you. Next question comes from Anastasia, taking over from BTP Capital. Please go ahead. Yes. Just one more question from my side. Recently, you have won a few small hydro projects as part of renewable DBM2. Probably, you could tell us what sort of capex you expect for those projects. Thank you. Thank you. Frankly speaking, I don't have at the moment the figures for those particular projects. So, I think we can just send you the figures a little bit later on, okay? It wouldn't be significant if you – so, it wouldn't be a significant figure in our investment, general investment activities. But if you need the actual figures, I will just send it over to you. Thank you. Next question comes from Martin Teich from Sova Capital. Please go ahead. Hello. Thank you for this presentation. So, maybe I missed the answer. But my question is about this new dividend policy, which board should consider shortly. So, in this new dividend policy, the principle of the minimum dividend level, will this principle to remain in this dividend policy or you'll just make it in line with the government resolution to pay 50% of adjusted income? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your question. Yes, that principle will remain in place. So, the dividend policy will be in line with the decree, but additionally, there will be that principle that you've mentioned. Okay. Thank you so much. Next question comes from Sergey Garamita from Reif Eisenbank. Please go ahead. Yes. Thank you for the opportunity to ask a question. Just – it was a couple of times probably bad connection. I couldn't hear. So, basically, your guidance stands at above 110 billion rubles, but is that the range or something? I mean, do you expect that they're below 120 billion or is that a wide range guidance? Thank you. Thank you. That's my first question. The second question on dividends. Do the, basically, gains and losses on the forward contract – should these gains or losses be excluded from the dividend base or not consider them non-cash? So, this is my second question, basically, on the forward contract valuation loss in Q3. I just wanted to ask a question. Why was there a valuation loss? Because pretty much the stock decreased the same amount as the dividend gap. So, if we consider the end of Q2 and the end of Q3. So, could you clarify? Thank you very much. Okay. Thank you for the questions. So, first, again, our expectations in terms of EBITDA for 2021 is shown on the slide number six. We expect it to be over 1.10 billion rubles. I can't give you any, you know, better figure right now. So, as to your second question, forward revaluation will not affect the dividend base because no non-monetary issues should affect it as to the latest governmental decree. And as to your third question, well, actually, this is just, you know, simple mathematics. It's a math issue. So, you take the stock price by the end of last year, you take the stock price by the end of nine months, and the differential gives you the figure. Because what we've shown, it was the effect not for the third quarter, it was the figure for nine months. Yes, I understand, but I'm looking at three Q results. So, I'm not looking at the effect for nine months. I'm just looking at the effect for Q3. It stood at, in the red, at about two or three billion rubles. So, that was the question. Look kind of strange to me because the stock dropped on the, to the tune of the dividend gap. And why, why would the calculation work? Well, frankly speaking, we haven't seen any, you know, strange things in this calculation. But, okay, we'll just, you provide us with our calculation. And if you have any further questions, just we'll, you know, discuss it separately. Okay, thank you. To me, you know, like quite a fair calculation. Okay. Okay. And last question. I'm sorry if anybody already asked that, but could you guide for the current cold price growth you see for nine months? Yeah. Thank you. At the moment, we see the increase in cold prices in the range of 100% to 300% to 300%, depending of the, of the cold type that we use. This is what we face at the moment, what we are facing at the moment. Okay. That is, thank you very much. That's all. It appears there are no further questions at this time. Okay, so should no one have any further questions. Again, thank you everybody for joining us. We hope that we met all your, all your questions. If you have any further, just don't hesitate to contact our IR. We'll be glad to answer. Thank you. Thank you very much. Bye-bye now. This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Thank you. With the input. With the input. On the input. Alright, thank you very much. Yep. Like, at dawn. So this is the moment where to wrap up your scar oracio. Thanks for being said. Yeah. For the error. For the error. Pass this, you'll see. It can be turned down to a man green light. It's the situation where it gives him an 유명ed lamp.