 Good day and welcome to the Rosario Joe 3Q and 9M2021 IFRS results and management conference
 call.
 For your information, this conference is being reported.
 At this time, I will turn the conference over to Mr. Dmitry Yakovlev.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 So dearly gentlemen, good afternoon, and thanks for joining us on the call following the release of our
 Consolidated financial results for the third quarter of nine months of 2021, most recent
 developments and outlook throughout the rest of the year.
 Participating on the call today is Deputy CEO Sergey Terriblin, as well as live managers
 from sales, business planning, and operations.
 The report as well as the presentation are available on our IR website and in the Bloomberg
 terminal. Please note that some of the information announced during the call
 may contain projections or other forward-looking statements
 regarding future events or future financial performance
 of this hydro group.
 please refer to the beginning of the presentation
 for a full disclaimer.
 Now, I will give the floor to our speaker, Deputy CEO Sergei Terebulin.
 Thank you. Thank you everybody for joining us at this call dedicated to Roschato group
 group consolidated financial statements for nine months of 2021.
 Traditionally, I will briefly go through the presentation and leave more room for your questions and our answers.
 So, in terms of key figures and highlights, over the last nine months our revenue increased
 by 7.3 percent.
 Operating expenses remain pretty under control and operating profit as a result increased
 by 2% up to 71 billion rubles.
 EBITDA increased by 1.6% so it remains at the purchase table level of 92 billion rubles.
 So the net profit decreased by 13%, later on I will describe the factors that affected
 this issue. So total debt declined at the moment. We have 1.6 total leverage. In terms
 of net leverage, it's at a level of 1.0.
 So the next slide number four is dedicated to our revenue, as you can see here, the breakdown
 the composition of our revenue stream remains pretty stable and the revenue dynamics is shown
 also here if you have any further questions you will be able to ask them.
 Then slide number five shows you the EBITDA and net profit bridges as you see here the
 The main factors that driven increase of EBITDA by 1.6% were increase of operating revenue,
 of governmental grants, a little bit decline in fuel costs, and also a little bit increase
 in fuel costs, increase in purchased electricity and capacity, it was completely covered by
 by increase in revenue and other factors.
 So in terms of net profit, it was mainly affected by two key factors,
 a revaluation of VTB forward, minus nine billion rubles,
 That was only driven by changes in our stock prices.
 And the investment of Chesk that gave us 2.2 billion rubles of net profit in the last
 period.
 So in terms of also for 2021 and key drivers
 or further financial performance.
 We keep our pretty stable operational outlook.
 we do below that our production by our hydropower plants
 will be pretty much in line with the forecast.
 We expect that consolidated revenue of 4,021 will be circa 460 billion rubles.
 We also expect that consolidated EBITDA will increase 110 billion rubles for the year to
 In terms of the six new power plants in the Far East region, we do expect that the governmental
 decree on DPM will be issued pretty shortly so we are simply it's it's now in
 the government, so we do expect that the paper will be issued.
 In terms of our dividend policy, the right today, the board, should decide on the amendments
 to the dividend policy to make it, to adjust it in line with the latest governmental decree,
 number 1589. So, the key...
 ideas of the existing dividend policy remain in place.
 So we completely, okay, if you have any further questions,
 So we'll just address them.
 And in terms of leverage, we do expect that by the end of 2021,
 And at that, we will be at the level of 1.2.
 that is pretty lower than our original forecast of 1.7.
 I think these are actually the key figures that we wanted to highlight, so if you have
 If you have any questions, please go on, thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 and the telephone keypad.
 And if you're using your speakerphone, please ensure that your mute function is turned off.
 is turned off. Again, it is a sterile one for a question.
 We will now pause for just one moment.
 And the first question comes from Sergei Baden, Renaissance Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you. Good morning
 I have actually two questions.
 The first one, if I look at your personal cost
 on such good, huh?
 I see that it rose 5.7% to do understand it correctly
 that it relates to the indexation of salaries
 in the middle of this year, or...
 with something else.
 And the second question, given your kind of guidance
 for full year EBITDA, it means that you expect force quarter to be really dreadful in terms
 of profitability, do you expect that the higher prices for gas and coal really affect your
 profitability in the far eastern for school water that significantly or it
 just means that your guidance is too conservative.
 Thank you
 Thank you. So the answer to the first question is yes, your understanding is correct.
 And to your second question, I think there are two factors here.
 here. First of all, certainly increasing coal and gas prices is affecting our results and
 We do expect that it will happen in 2004.
 Moreover, there is always a shift in this factor.
 So you first buy the fuel, and then to the extent you consume it,
 you just show it on your books.
 So yes, in the fourth quarter, this factor will affect it.
 And the second factor is just a usual seasonal factor because the fourth quarter is typically
 the one where you just sign all the papers when you accept all the works.
 And it means that you always have the fourth quarter high in terms of expenses compared
 to the first half of the year.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, thank you
 Next question comes from Roman Silkin from Prosperity Capital Management. Please go ahead.
 Nature Ministry suggested to increase the water tax quite considerably by multiple times.
 Of course, it was just a suggestion, so maybe you can give us some color if any discussion
 on this matter is ongoing and what potential impact could be on your performance going
 forward.
 Thank you. Well, actually, as long as I've been working with Ruth Hydra, I've been hearing
 this initiative coming, I think, every two years, so maybe sometimes even every year.
 So, somebody always want to increase water tax driven by different reasons.
 At the moment, we do not see any potential harm.
 We do not expect this initiative will be supported by the government at the end of the day.
 At the moment, it has not been supported neither by the Ministry of Energy nor by Vice-Chairman
 truthness.
 nor by any other involved agencies or ministries.
 So we expect that it will be discovered, and then no
 significant or any increase at all will happen on the back of this initiative.
 In fact, thank you.
 Thank you.
 the follow-up question on the on the previous one which was asked by Sergey so what what kind of the
 and relative call and gas price increase
 expecting for the Q4, to compare it with like last year level, is it maybe you can
 give some guidance, is it some double-digit percentage growth or what is it at the moment?
 Well, frankly speaking, I can't give you any projection for the fourth quarter at the moment.
 At the moment, I can say that because actually we use a huge variety of call types, so an
 average price is no is not applicable here
 The general effect of the fuel increase that we expect in 2021 is 6.2 billion rubles, generally.
 But in terms of, again, in terms of prices themselves, it's, you know, impossible to give you any guidance because of a huge variety of them.
 Thank you
 Next question comes from Anastasia Tinkanova from GTV Capital, please go ahead.
 Yes. Hello. Thank you for the presentation. A few questions from my side. The first one is related to the DPM2 project in the Far East.
 In this presentation, you have stated 15-year payback period, while last time you told us
 about the concentration of 12 years.
 So, what is actually the final expectation, please?
 The second relates to the subsidies also recently we've seen the initiative for and proposal
 for the annual reduction in the next years.
 probably you could update us on this and probably you could comment on anything related
 to DIU and the anti-flat HPPs that were also announced before the previous call.
 Thank you.
 So, thank you.
 It's the first question.
 Well, what we expect to see in the final decrees is shown in the presentation, so we expect
 The expected return of investments will be 15 years, and the expected return would be
 12.5%. That means that effective return would be kind of 11%.
 Okay, so as to the anti-flooding dams and stations, actually there are no significant
 changes since the last call.
 are now being considered, so we actually cannot give you any, you know, any guidance here
 at the moment because there are no final decisions on that, not in terms of, nearly in terms
 of timing, nor in terms of pricing.
 So once we have any better understanding of that, we'll certainly disclose it.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, and the open subsidies, and the vote, please.
 Thank you.
 So, for the year 2021, we expect that the overall amount of subsidies would be 51.6 billion
 rubles.
 And any expectations of the reduction in the future?
 Well, actually for the next year we expected it at the pretty same level 51.4 and then we
 expected even to a little bit grow like 54 to 57 billion rubles.
 But this is actually the expectations that we use in our internal business planning.
 Next question comes from Igor Gomkarov from Gazprom Bank. Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you very much for the opportunity.
 just wanted to clarify on the potential CapEx in 2021, you shown a relatively well-known
 slide on the 12th with the COPEX schedule, with the planned COPEX 124 of including VAT.
 At the same time, for the nine months, the cut excluding VAT was about 40 billion rubles.
 You mentioned several times that the plan that you have on the slide 12 is maybe too
 aggressive in terms of capex so basically wanted to ask what what's the expectations in terms of
 of CAPEX 21. Which figure looks reasonable for CAPEX this year? Thank you.
 Thank you for asking.
 I think that the reasonable figure would be kind of 10% below the figure in the business
 or something around it.
 on it.
 So we should still extract pretty significant cutouts in the first quarter, huh?
 If, uh...
 If it is 10% below the business plan and we exclude VAC or VIT, it's probably coming
 into somewhere around 90 billion robles, excluding VAT.
 Is that a reasonable number?
 You mean for the fourth quarter, or you mean...
 I mean, generally, for the year, 90 without...
 For a year 90 without VAT, just a second please.
 Yeah, like that. Yeah, all right. Excluding VAT, it should be circumnuitability.
 All right
 Thank you very much.
 Okay.
 question comes from Sergei Biden from Renaissance Capital. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you. I'm just returning to the forest and to give one that's currently a
 tariff campaign for the next year, do you expect or do you see any kind of government
 inclined, inclined to compensate you for the current growth in a few prices in the far
 in the next year or probably in medium term tariffs in the forest.
 Thank you.
 And are you trying to incorporate that increased
 currently in the next year tariff there or you're basically seeing the no
 possibility for compensation of the excessive growth we saw this year in
 and kill prices.
 I think.
 Thank you.
 Well, certainly, we submitted our proposals and ideas for consideration by the government,
 but...
 fact I do not expect that next year anything might be compensated because you know it takes
 quite a time for the officials to take a decision and to understand the ultimate implications
 on the anterif, on the consumers and everything.
 So, I would rather expect if a decision to compensate as it's taken, it should happen
 in the mid and term perspective.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Do you understand it correctly that by law, with the long term tariffs in the far east,
 the government is allied to compensate you.
 It cannot basically reject just the question of when.
 Why are you talking about rejections? Maybe I'm not understanding you correctly.
 So by room we have a long term period of regulation.
 Yeah, that's what I meant.
 It's a bit.
 Yeah.
 The tariffs have to reflect the actual cost of fuel and not the forecast cost of fuel the government had in their mind.
 So, basically, by law, any increase in fuel has to be compensated, just a question as
 when that should happen.
 That's what I meant.
 So, what we are discussing now with the officials is kind of, you know, changes in regulation
 that will let us get the whole compensation that we have to because according to if we
 We are just living in the long term regulation, it cannot be reflected completely and right
 at now or in the short period of time.
 So we submitted our ideas how this regulation should
 be, you know, altered.
 Okay, thank you.
 Next question comes from Anastasia, taken over from BTB Gavril, please go ahead.
 Just one more question from my side, recently you have a few small hydro projects as part
 of renewable BPM2, probably you could tell us what sort of cutbacks you expect for those
 project. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 speaking I don't have at the moment the figures for those particular projects I
 I think we can just send you the figures a little bit
 later on, OK?
 It wouldn't be significant if you...
 So it wouldn't be a significant figure in our investment,
 general investment activities, but if you need the actual figures, we will just send
 Thank you.
 Next question, comment from Matthew Teich from Sova Capital. Please go ahead.
 Hello, thank you for this presentation.
 So maybe I missed the answer, but my question is about this new dividend policy which board
 that should consider shortly.
 So, in this new dividend policy, the principle of the minimum dividend level, will this principle
 to remain in this dividend policy or you'll just make it in line with the government resolution
 to pay 50% of adjusted income.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your question. Yes, that principle will remain in place.
 So the dividend policy will be in line with the decree,
 But additionally, there will be that principle
 that you mentioned.
 Okay.
 Thank you so much.
 Next question comes from Sergei Garamita.
 Bye, guys, and thanks.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you for the buttons to ask a question.
 just was a couple of times probably that connection
 I couldn't hear. So basically your guidance stands at above 110 billion rubles, but is
 Is that the range or something?
 I mean, do you expect it that below 120 billion
 or is that a wide range guidance?
 Thank you, that's my first question,
 second question on dividends. Do the basically gains and losses on the forward contract
 should these gains or losses be excluded from the dividend base and not to consider them
 I'm a non-cash.
 is my second question, basically,
 on forward concert evaluation loss in Q3.
 loss in Q3. I just wanted to ask a question. Why was there a revelation loss? Because pretty
 the stock decreased the same amount as the dividend gap.
 So if we consider the end of Q2 and the end of Q3,
 So, could you clarify?
 Thank you very much.
 Okay. Thank you for the question. So, first, again, our expectations in terms of Fibon d'Arc
 It's shown on the last slide number six.
 we expect it to be over 1.10 billion rubles.
 I can't give you any, you know, better figure right now.
 So to your second question, forward revaluation will not
 affected dividend base, because no non-monetary issues should affect it as to the latest
 governmental decree. And to your third question, well, actually, this is just, you know, a
 simple, simple mathematics, it's a math issue.
 So you take the stock price by the end of the,
 by the end of last year, you take the stock price by the end of nine months and the differential
 give you the figure. Because what we've shown, it was the effect not for the third quarter,
 It's worth a figure for nine months.
 Yes, I understand, but I'm looking at 3Q results, so I'm not looking at the effects
 for the months, I'm just looking at this as well.
 Q3.
 It stood at, in the red, at about two or three billion or so.
 That was the question look kind of strange to me because
 because the stock dropped to the tune of the dividend gap and why would the...
 I think we haven't seen any, you know, strange things in this calculation, but, okay, we'll
 just you provide us with our our calculation and if you have any further questions just
 we'll, you know, discuss it separately.
 Okay, thank you.
 To me, you know, it's quite a fair calculation.
 Okay. And the last question, I'm sorry if anybody already asked that, but could you guide for the
 the calm, cold-piced growth you see for nine months.
 Thank you.
 Uh...
 At the moment, we see the increase in coal prices in the range of 100% to 300%, depending
 of the call type that we use.
 This is what we're facing at the moment.
 Okay.
 That is.
 Thank you very much.
 So it appears there are no further questions at this time.
 Okay, so should no one have any further questions again. Thank you everybody for joining us. We hope that we met all your
 all your questions.
 If you have any questions, we'll be right back.
 any further just don't hesitate to contact our IR we'll be glad to answer
 Thank you. Thank you very much. Bye-bye now.
 This concludes this call.
 for participation, you may now disconnect.