 Good day and welcome to the Russ Ijo 3Q and 9M 2021 IFRS Results and Management Conference
 call for information
 this conference is being recorded
 at this time
 I'll turn the conference over to Mr. Dmitry Yakovlev.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 so
 So, dear ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and thanks for joining us on this call following the release of our consolidated financial results for the third quarter and nine months of 2021.
 Most recent developments and outlooks throughout the rest of the year.
 Participating on the call today is Deputy CEO Sergei Terebulin, as well as live managers
 from sales, business planning, and operations.
 The report as well as the presentation are available on our IR website and in the Bloomberg
 terminal please note that some of the information announced during the call
 may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or future
 financial performance of Ruth Hydra Group.
 Please refer to the beginning of the presentation for a full disclaimer.
 Now I will give the floor to our speaker, Deputy CEO Sergei Tereboulin.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you, everybody, for joining us at this call dedicated to ResHadra Group Consolidated Financial Statements for nine months of 2021.
 Traditionally, I will briefly go through the presentation and leave more room for your questions and our answers.
 So, in terms of key figures and highlights, over the last nine months, our revenue increased by 7.3%.
 Operating expenses remain pretty under control, and operating profit, as a result, increased by 2%, up to 71 billion rubles.
 EBITDA increased by 1.6%, so it remains at a pretty stable level of 92 billion rubles.
 So the net profit decreased by 13%.
 later on I will describe the factors that affected this issue.
 So total debt declined at the moment.
 We have 1.6 total leverage.
 In terms of net leverage, it's at a level of 1.0.
 So the next slide, number four, is dedicated to our revenue.
 As you can see here, the breakdown, the composition of our revenue stream remains pretty stable,
 and the revenue dynamics is shown also here
 If you have any further questions, you'll be able to ask them.
 Then slide number five shows you the EBITDA and net profit bridges.
 Increase in fuel costs, increase in purchased electricity and capacity.
 it was completely covered by increase in revenue and other factors.
 So in terms of net profit,
 It was mainly affected by two key factors.
 revaluation of B2B forward, minus 9 billion rubles,
 only driven by
 changes in the market
 in our stock prices.
 And the divestment of Chesk that gave us 2.2 billion rubles of net profit in the last period.
 So in terms of Outlook for 2021 and key drivers,
 of further financial performance.
 We keep our pretty stable operational outlook.
 We do believe that our production
 on our hydropower, by our hydropower plants
 will be pretty much in line with the forecast.
 We expect that consolidated revenue for 2021 will be circa 460 billion rubles.
 We also expect that consolidated EBITDA will increase 110 billion rubles for the year 2021.
 In terms of the six new power plants in the Far East region, we do expect that the governmental
 decree on DPM
 will be issued pretty shortly,
 so we are simply...
 It's now in the government, so we do expect that the paper will be issued.
 In terms of our dividend policy, right today, the board should decide on the amendments to the dividend policy to make it, to adjust it in line with the latest governmental decree, number 1589.
 So the key ideas of the existing dividend policy remain in place.
 so we completely
 well okay if you have any further questions
 so I'll just address them.
 And in terms of leverage, we do expect that by the end of 2021,
 net debt to EBITDA will be at the level of 1.2,
 That is pretty lower than our original forecast of 1.7.
 I think these are actually the key figures that we wanted to highlight.
 So if you have any questions, please go on.
 Thank you.
 You
 If you wish to ask a question.
 Hello.
 Please signal by pressing star one on the telephone keypad.
 And if you're using your speakerphone, please ensure that your mute function is turned off.
 Again, that is star one for a question.
 we went in a pause
 Just one moment.
 And the first question comes from Sergei Biden from Renaissance Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah. Thank you. Good morning.
 I have actually two questions
 the first one, if I
 look at your personal
 cost and such
 Good work, huh?
 I see that it rose 5.7%.
 to understand it correctly that it relates to the indexation of salaries in the middle
 for this year or with something else.
 And the second question, given your kind of guidance for EBITDA, it means that you expect
 fourth quarter to be really dreadful in terms of profitability.
 do you expect that the
 higher prices
 for Gerstam to call
 really affect your profitability in the far east and fourth quarter that significantly or it just
 means that your guidance is too conservative.
 Thank you.
 So the answer to the first question is yes, your understanding is correct.
 And as to your second question, I think there are two factors here.
 First of all, certainly increasing coal and gas prices is affecting our results, and we do expect that it will happen in 2004.
 there is
 always a shift
 in these factors. So you first buy the fuel and then to the extent you consume it, you just show
 it on your books. So yes, in the fourth quarter, this factor will, this factor will affect it.
 And the second factor is just a usual seasonal factor
 because the fourth quarter is typically the one
 where you just sign all the papers when you accept all the works.
 And it means that you always have the fourth quarter high in terms of expenses as compared to the first half of the year.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Roman Filkin from Prosperity Capital Management.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, hello. Good afternoon.
 on um thank you for the opportunity to ask a question um i have a question about um the um
 taxation and some
 I guess
 few weeks ago, maybe months ago
 there was some news that
 nature ministry
 suggested to increase
 water tax quite
 considerably by multiple times
 Of course, it was just a suggestion, so maybe you can give us some color
 if any discussion on this matter is ongoing
 and what potential impact could be on your performance going forward.
 thank you
 Well, actually, as long as I've been working with Rus Hydra, I've been hearing this initiative coming, I think, every two years or maybe sometimes even every year.
 so uh somebody always want to increase water tax driven driven by different reasons at the moment
 we do not see any potential harm
 And we do not expect this initiative will be supported by the government at the end of the day.
 It has not been supported neither by the Ministry of Energy nor by Vice Chairman Trutnev
 nor by any other involved agencies or ministries.
 So we expect that it will be discovered.
 And then no significant or any increase at all will happen on the back of this initiative.
 In fact, thank you.
 Thank you.
 and maybe the follow-up
 question on the previous one
 which was asked by Sergei
 so what kind of
 relative
 coal and gas price increase
 are expecting for the Q4
 if we compare it with, like, last year level.
 is it maybe you can
 some guys
 insist
 Is it some double-digit percentage growth or what is it at the moment?
 Well, frankly speaking, I can't give you any projection for the fourth quarter at the moment.
 I can say that
 Because actually we use a huge variety of coal types.
 So an average price is not applicable here.
 The general effect of the fuel increase that we expect in 2021 is 6.2 billion rubles, generally.
 But in terms of, again, in terms of prices themselves, it's impossible to give you any guidance because of a huge variety of them.
 Thank you.
 next question
 It comes from Anastasia Tinkanova from GTP Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, hello. Thank you for the presentation. A few questions from my side. The first one is related to the DPM2 project in the Far East.
 in this presentation you have stated
 15-year payback period, while last time you told us about the consideration of 12 years.
 So what is actually the final expectation, please?
 The second relates to the subsidies.
 Yes, also recently we've seen the initiative for a proposal for the annual reduction in the next years.
 probably you could update us on this
 and probably could comment on anything related to the Vailuk deal
 and anti-flood HPPs that were also announced before the previous call.
 Thank you.
 It's your first question.
 first question
 Well, what we expect to see in the final decrease is shown in the presentation, so we expect
 return of investments will be 15 years
 And the expected return would be 12.5%.
 That means that effective return would be kind of 11%.
 percent.
 Okay, so as to anti-flooding dams and stations, actually, there are no significant changes since the last call.
 are now being
 considered, so
 actually cannot give you any guidance here at the moment
 because there are no final decisions on that,
 not in terms of uh neither in terms of uh timing nor in terms of of pricing so once we uh have any
 Any better understanding of that will certainly disclose it.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. And also on subsidies, Andrew, please.
 So, for the year 2021, we expect that the overall amount of subsidies would be 51.6 billion rubles.
 And any expectation of their reduction in future?
 Well, actually, for the next year, we expected it at the pretty same level, 51.4,
 And then we expect it even to a little bit grow, like 54 to 57 billion rubles.
 Thank you.
 is actually the expectations that we use in our internal business planning.
 Next question comes from Igor Gumcarov from Gazprom Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you very much for the opportunity.
 just wanted to clarify
 on the
 the
 potential capex in 2021 you you shown a relatively well-known slide on the 12th
 or with the CAPEX schedule, with the planned CAPEX of 124, including VAT.
 at the same time
 for the nine months
 The cut exclusion rate was about 47 billion rubles.
 You mentioned several times that the...
 plan that you have
 on the slide 12 is maybe too aggressive in terms of CAPEX.
 So basically, I wanted to ask, what's the expectations in terms of CAPEX 21?
 Which figure looks reasonable for CAPEX this year?
 Sure.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for asking.
 I think that the reasonable figure would be kind of 10% below the figure in the business plan
 Or something around it.
 So we should still expect pretty significant capex in the fourth quarter.
 If it's 10% below business plan and we exclude VAC,
 Oh, like VIT, it's probably coming to somewhere around 90 billion rubles, excluding VIT.
 Is that a reasonable number?
 you mean for the fourth quarter
 Oh, you mean generally.
 No, I mean for the year, for the year, for the year.
 For the year 90 without VAT, just a second, please.
 Yeah, like that.
 All right.
 Excluding VAT, it should be circa 90 billion.
 Right.
 Mm-hmm.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Next question comes from Sergey Biden from Renaissance Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you.
 I'm just returning to the Far East, and given that there's currently a tariff campaign for the next year,
 do your
 expect
 or do you see any kind of government inclined to compensate you
 for the current growth in fuel prices in the Far East
 in the next year, or probably in medium-term tariffs in the Far East.
 Thank you.
 I mean, are you trying to incorporate that increase currently in the next year tariff there?
 or basically you're seeing no possibility for compensation of the excessive growth
 we saw this year in fuel crisis.
 Thank you.
 Well,
 certainly we submitted our proposals and ideas
 for consideration by the government, but in fact, I do not expect that next year
 anything might be compensated
 because, you know, it takes quite a time for the officials to take a decision
 and to understand the ultimate implications on the end tariff, on the consumers and everything.
 So I would rather expect if a decision to compensate us is taken, it should happen in the medium-term perspective.
 Thank you.
 Okay, but do you understand it correctly that by law,
 ways to do that
 on that long-term tariffs in the Far East,
 the government is allowed to compensate you.
 It cannot basically reject just the question of when.
 Why are you talking about rejections?
 maybe I'm not understanding you correctly
 No.
 So by what we have...
 have a long-term period of regulation.
 Yes, that's what I'm saying.
 a bit.
 And the tariffs have to reply.
 The tariffs have to reflect the actual cost of fuel and not the forecasted cost of fuel the government had in their mind.
 So basically, by law, any increase in fuel has to be compensated.
 but it's just a question as to when that should happen.
 That's what I meant.
 Well, what we are discussing now with the officials is kind of, you know, changes in regulation that will let us get the whole compensation that we have to.
 Because according to – if we are just living in the long-term regulation, it cannot be reflected completely and right now or in the short period of time.
 So we submitted our ideas how this regulation should be, you know, altered.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Anastasia.
 taking over
 I'm BTP Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, just one more question from my side.
 Recently, you have won a few small hydro projects as part of Renewable DBM2.
 And probably you could tell us what sort of capex you expect for those projects.
 Thank you.
 Frankly speaking, I don't have at the moment the figures for those particular projects,
 So I think we can just send you the figures a little bit later on, okay?
 it wouldn't be significant
 if you
 So it wouldn't be a significant figure in our investment, general investment activities.
 But if you need the actual figures, I will just send it over to you.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Matthew Tyke from Soba Capital.
 Go ahead.
 Hello.
 Thank you for this presentation.
 So maybe I missed the answer, but my question is about this new dividend policy, which the board should consider shortly.
 so
 in this new
 dividend policy
 the principle of the minimum
 dividend level
 will this principle
 to remain in this dividend policy
 or you'll just make it in line with the government.
 and a resolution to pay 50% of adjusted income.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your question.
 then yes, that principle will remain in place.
 It's all out of there.
 Dividend policy will be in line with the decree, but additionally, there will be that principle that you mentioned.
 Okay, thank you so much.
 Next question comes from Sergei Garamita from Reifuizen Bank.
 Go ahead.
 Yes, thank you for the opportunity to ask a question.
 Just a couple of times, probably that connection I couldn't hear.
 So, basically, your guidance stands at above 110 billion rubles, but is that the range or something?
 I mean, do you expect that they're below $120 billion, or is that a wide-range guidance?
 Thank you. That's my first question. The second question on dividends.
 that do the basically gains and losses on the forward contract
 should these
 So, again, the losses be excluded from the dividend base.
 I'm not considering them non-cash.
 This is my second question.
 and basically
 on
 forward construct
 evaluation loss in Q3.
 I just wanted to ask a question
 why was there a
 revelation loss
 because pretty much the stock decreased the same amount as the dividend gap.
 and I was considered
 the end of
 Q2 and the end of Q3.
 Could you clarify?
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, thank you for the questions.
 So first, again, our expectations in terms of EBITDA for 2021 is shown on the last slide, number six.
 We expect it to be over 1.10 billion rubles.
 I can't give you any, you know, better figure right now.
 So as to your second question, forward revaluation will not affect the dividend base
 because no non-monetary issues should affect it as to the latest governmental decree.
 And as to your third question, well, actually, this is just, you know, simple mathematics.
 It's a math issue.
 So you take the stock price by the end of last year.
 You take the stock price by the end of nine months, and the differential gives you the figure.
 because what we've shown it was the effect for the effect not for the third quarter it was the figure
 for nine months.
 Yes, I understand, but I'm looking at 3Q results, so I'm not looking at the effects on the mouse.
 I'm just looking at the effect for Q3.
 it stood at
 in the red
 at about 2-3 billion
 That was the question
 look kind of strange to me because
 The stock dropped on the, to the tune of the dividend gap.
 And why would the...
 Well, frankly speaking, we haven't seen any, you know, strange things in this calculation,
 but okay, we'll just, you provide us with our calculation,
 and if you have any further questions, just we'll, you know, discuss it separately.
 okay thank you
 To me, you know, quite a fair calculation.
 Okay.
 and last question
 I'm sorry if anybody
 you already asked that, but
 a couture guide for
 the current cold price growth
 you see from now in March.
 Thank you.
 uh
 at the
 At this moment, we see the increase in coal prices in the range of 100% to 300%, depending
 of the of the call type that we use this is what we face the moment what we are
 facing at the moment.
 Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
 That's helpful.
 Thank you.
 It appears there are no further questions at this time.
 Okay, so should no one have any further questions, again, thank you, everybody, for joining us.
 we hope that we met all your
 all your questions. If you have any further, just don't hesitate to contact our IR. We'll
 be glad to answer. Thank you. Thank you very much. Bye-bye now.
 This concludes today's call
 thank you for
 participation
 humanoid disconnect.
 Thank you.