Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Telecom's first half of 2021 results call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on the telephone. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance, please press star 0. I would now like to hand the conference over to the speaker today, Mr. Andy Setiawan. Please go ahead. Thank you, Andy. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Telecom Indonesia conference call for the first half of 2021 results. We released our results on 31st of August 2021 and the reports are available on our website www.telecom.co.id. Today's presentation is available on the webcast and an audio recording will be provided after the call for the next seven days. There will be an overview from our CEO and after that all participants are given the opportunity to participate in the Q&A session. Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to questions may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of safe harbor. Actual results could differ materially from projections, estimations or expectations for each during today's call. These may involve risks and uncertainties and may cause actual results to differ substantially from what we discussed. Telecom Indonesia does not guarantee the any actions which may have been taken in reliance of the discussion held today. Ladies and gentlemen, it's my pleasure now to introduce Telecom's board of directors who are joining with us today. Mr. Reddy Adrian Shah, Executive Officer. Mr. Harry Supriyadi as Finance and Risk Management Director. Mr. Herlan Widjunarco as Network and IT Solution Director. Mr. Eddy Bicara as Enterprise and Business Service Director. Ms. S.M. Kamiliana as Consumer Service Director. Mr. Ogi Wicaksono as Corporate and International Service Director. Mr. Budi Setiawan Wijaya as Corporate Portfolio Director. Mr. Muhammad Farid Rakhid as Digital Business Director. And Mr. Abiywani as Human Capital Management Director. Also present at the board of directors of Telecom Cell. Mr. Henry Mulyasam as Executive Director. Mr. Muhammad Ramzi as Finance and Risk Management Director. And Ms. Raitelgo as Marketing Director. I now hand over to the call to our CEO, Mr. Reddy Adrian Shah for his opening. Please, Reddy. Thank you, Anil. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our conference call for the first half of 2021. We will start with our first slide. Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Telecom's first quarter results are reporting Rp. 69.5 trillion in revenues, increasing 3.1% year-on-year. Expenses increased by 8.4% of 2.8%. This is a better performance. EBITDA grew by 4.7%, while net income increased by 13.3% year-on-year. This equipment's growth and augmented plan are on the right track towards a healthier condition and stronger fundamentals to outgrow the market. The digital community has raised up to our first quarter revenues and profitability. As evidenced, first-quarter revenues grew by 24.2%, supported by additional subscribers and better outcomes. This growth was accompanied by an increase of the dividend of 15.5% last year to 18.5%. The digital community also continued to improve its EBITDA margin of 47.8%, a significant increase from 36.5% in the first half of 2020. During the first half of 2021, digital subscribers grew by 200,000 subscribers with an average additional value of Rp. 585,000, much lower than physical market acquisition and internet value. Meanwhile, our full inflow grew to 217,000 subscribers in the second quarter from 256,000 subscribers in the first half of 2020. Ladies and gentlemen, Telkom's supporting business performance amidst the rising digital business environment. Telkom's revenues in the second quarter of 2021 grew by 3.5% as compared to the previous quarter. The number of subscribers increased almost 10 billion compared to the previous year, a significant increase of 41.4% year-on-year. The digital business from leaders and leaders is sufficiently increasing and raised 37.3% year-on-year. This is the case in the second half of the year, also grew by 4.7%, below 26.5% and 17.6% of Telkom's revenues. These services grew by 28.1% among digital products and digital lifestyle advertising and enterprise solutions. The first half of 2021 grew by 12.2% to Rp. 8.7 trillion with additional 14.7% in the biggest of the total to the first month of the year. Their stock positions moved in our general service. In the meantime, the total digital business reported revenue of Rp. 6.6 trillion, increased by 1.2% year-on-year, supported by increasing both business data center and executive services. In the period, total sales climbed to 15.3% of Rp. 30.5 trillion and more than 30% of Telkom's consolidated income, reflecting a healthier and more diversified business. Ladies and gentlemen, Telkom continues to get synergy and collaboration with digital and technology companies. After the acquisition of MAME 2021, an M&A with the company, two steps. In August 2021, Telkom also signed an MOU with Microsoft to explore cooperation in the development of intelligent intelligence, development of digital talent, and acceleration of Telkom's digital transformations. Telkom's venture capital, MDIS, demonstrates strong capability and performance. MDIS portfolio has shown an outstanding performance in terms of investment, value addition, exit strategy, and synergies. MDIS has invested in more than 50 startups in our client countries, of which three companies have done IPO and six companies have been successfully acquired by a third party. Microsoft currently has two unicorns and four decibels, and other two companies are expected to be in the next unicorn. This achievement has brought positive impact on Telkom's digital business. We are building up capacity in data centers and cloud services. Today, we have 26 data centers facilities, 21 domestic and five overseas, with total capacity of around 43 megawatts. In Q2 of 2021, data centers have created 750 billion in revenue or increase by 11.7% year-on-year. To adjust our capacity increment, we are in the process of developing a new set of data centers, which is a hyper-scale data center, certified as a 3.3 and 4, in a total area of 65,000 square meters of new data centers. Our hyper-scale data center will be completed and staged, and the first phase is expected to be completed by end of 2021 with a capacity of 25 megawatts. The final phase, a data center, will have capacity of around 45 megawatts. In power business, after the successful first phase power asset, we have built on 23,000 power, with a capacity of 1.57 as of June 2021. Together, as a standalone company, we have a revenue of 3.2 trillion in the first half of 2021, or grew 10.8% year-on-year. The revenue of EBITDA has also increased to 76.8% in the first half of 2021, from 69.7% in the first half last year. The alignment of our portfolio within the group is expected to enhance the value and at the same time generate more value and efficient on its competitiveness. Ladies and gentlemen, to conclude my remarks, let me share our mind guidance for the year 2021. One, we expect a specific business revenue to grow by low to mid single digits. Second, EBITDA margin is expected to be relatively stable. Third, capital expenditures of the group is expected to be around 25% of the total excluding additional capital on 5G. That is ending my remarks. Thank you. I'm interested in your questions. We'll be happy to answer. We'll have the first question, please. Yes, yes. The first question comes from the line of Kimi Kaldren from HSCPT. Hello. Good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations to the management team for the great results. A couple of questions. Firstly, on your mobile business, could you share some light on the competitive dynamics? We've had a comparative height. So, is this comparative height likely to be sustained and what are the potential levers for our full development in mobile business? Secondly, on data...

This will work for our new development in mobile business. Secondly, on data center, what is the total capex envelope for the new hyperscale data center of 100 megawatts? And how much has already been spent on that? And if you can share in the first place, like 25 million is coming, how much of this capacity is already pre-sold? Thank you. Hi, this is Rachel. I'll take your first question regarding the mobile market's competitive dynamics. I think to your question, which is, are the tariffs high sustainable? And what are your thoughts on ARPU? Just to recap, at the end of quarter one, Telecom Cell had already given indicators to signal to industry that it was necessary to halt a healthy pricing strategy in the mobile market. We need to look for the output and the group and the profitability strong as an industry. So we have stopped and we have increased our prices progressively in the last few months. And so far... Hello? Pardon me. I'm in the last line. Please take over. I'm in the last line. The total capex for the new hyperscale data center currently under construction, around 70 million USD. It is one third of the capacity that we can build in the capacity that we have. So I think gradually along with the capex, I think in the months we're going to build three times of the amount that we have already built. So just the situation now, how many clients that we have now, here in the process of selling this to the potential users, for your info, in our data center in Singapore, for example, the utilization rate already on 80 to 70. In Indonesia, around 76%. It means we have a list of demand for having this capacity. My question. Yeah, thank you, Pa. Thank you, Pa. This is really helpful. Have you summed up? Yes. Thank you. So I think we're fully focused on the prices in stages. So I think in terms of our PMP and PUP, we should be seeing a healthy pickup. However, there are also a few different observations in Indonesia now. We are starting to look at COVID cases now that are picking up. The thing has not picked up yet. So those will be some of the challenges we might foresee when it comes to our PUP. Nevertheless, we see that we are expecting our PUP to stabilize first and then improving over time. I hope that answers your question. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Neta from Fidelius. Please go ahead. I answered that. Thank you. Two questions. First, housekeeping. If you can get some clarification on the OPEX items, like GNA and personal expenses, please, of dumps. The second thing is the clarity on the MDI investments. If you can get any clarity on that side. I know you guys have invested around $500 million into this. What size of things would you be able to take of these investments? I'm asking quite clearly on the two big points on how big this picture is. Thank you. Hi, Arthur. I think I'm sorry if I said this first on the increase of GNA costs. It is because of income 2023 or I think expect 2025. Because we have quite many plans, quite many corporate actions that require us to have some expenses on this one. This is in my memory, company progress and development. And then on the result of spending. Personally, first it is related to the last year bonus that basically pay in the second quarter of this year. This is the performance review. Some also attributable to the, I think, because the expected discount rate also declined, it means our expenses, the benefit also increased on this one, in this, our basically pay to the contribution to the, I think, contractual that we have with the employees. But there is an off, I think, but it is not kind of one of the risks that can manage this one to make, I think, the pay becoming also attractive and to the end that there will not attract the talent. Just to clarify that so for these cost items, you think they maintain at these levels going into the next few quarters? That's how we should look at it? I think this will require to manage the course of employees going to be gradually increased, of course, from 2023. But overall, I think we don't have any kind of something that kind of one off that can make this one higher. It's quite a bit longer time becoming more, I think, moderate. On the MBI investment, MBI basically around 900 million USD. We already invested in more than 50 startups in 12 countries. So far, what we can say that I think we compare the return and also we do kind of, I think, market market with big folks. So this is the return that we have from this one about, I think, approximately in the same investment globally. That's the situation of our MBI investment. The size is, I think, quite variation given on their stage of the startup itself. The 600 million dollars has been deployed already or is at the fund site? The fund site, I think, in total from internal, the fund site around 1700. Now in the process of getting 300, the last 200 of 900. So I think we have quite many investment plans. On the Microsoft side, as you're aware, Indonesia is probably one of the compared to other countries in terms of the influence of digital facilities is less developed. So with Microsoft as one of our steps to expose this market, the opportunity that we have, it can be B2B, but it can be a B2B. We don't have to be in the B2B at this point. We just laid down our full detail of our plan, continuing to be signing off the MOU. So at this point, we don't have to have the number yet. And working with Microsoft is one of the partners that we have. And we continue to be out there, similar companies. Also, we do believe that high-tech consumption and user engagement is having a big opportunity in Indonesia. Thank you very much. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Song Kim Chan from CIMB. Please go ahead. Hi, thanks for the call. This is Song from CIMB. Three questions from me, basically follow-ups to the earlier questions. Firstly, on the mobile business, Rachel, you mentioned just now that we are seeing some categories with the next wave of COVID-19 cases in Indonesia. So I just wanted to get your thoughts as to whether you think this potentially could see some risk in terms of the development of competition. Are you seeing some of the smaller players perhaps adjusting their prices to appeal to consumers, you know, because of the lower breathing power? Or is everybody just sort of holding steady and thinking that beyond this, we will continue to see prices going up even including the smaller players? That's question number one. Second question relates to the hyperscale data center. I just wanted to clarify again that the $70 million that was mentioned,

this is just for the first phase, is that right? And does that include the acquisition of the land or is the land leased? And my third question is in regards to MBI, that the AUM is $900 million, is that what we are taxing the AUM at? Or do we see that potentially going up further from the $900 million fund management and MBI's current portfolio value in terms of the current values? Those are my three questions, thank you. Hello, I'll take the first question. So for $17 million, this is indeed in the first COVID launch and also the PPPM that we mentioned. There is indeed a lower funding power from 7% to 8%. So the operators are now looking at lower denominations to actually address the affordability factor. So not to watch the big providers, but to watch making it more affordable in smaller denominations for the customer base. Hi, Tom. Under $17 million, it is for the first phase only and it includes the land acquisition cost. And then on the MBI, of course there's a potential of going to increase the investment on this one. If you may know in this region, the growing of the digital startup is very high and I think we still have many opportunities in the health business and others. So we still see that our potential of the investment is high on this one. So I think we continue to see this one as a part of our strategy to go to the digital. Please also be aware whenever we are valuated with companies, we see also what is the position that we can build with them, both for growth external or growth internal by making our company more digital. Okay, and what is the current value of this digital investment? And another follow up is you mentioned just now that the $17 million includes the acquisition of land. Is that the land just for phase one or have you also bought the land for phase two and phase three already? We already bought the land for the three campus education on this one. And then your question on basically what is the value of the $700 million? Unfortunately, we cannot disclose that one. For example, it will be one of the planned IPO of our investment in 2024. They already I think you already see in the market the value around $2.5 billion. We can have a gain around $100 million from this one if that happens. I think we can have one on one closer to some I think a color on this one. Okay, understood. Thank you so much, Fahri and Rachel. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Nico Margulies from URI. Please go ahead. Yes, thank you. Thank you for the conclusion and congratulations for the good results to both teams. So basically my first question is on data centers. You mentioned that there is about currently a total capacity of around 43 megawatts. How much of that is used for telecom group purposes? And you mentioned earlier that it's about 76% utilized capacity currently. Yeah, how much of that is used for telecom internal purposes? That's question number one. Question number two is about what has been in the last couple of days mentioned in the media outlets that there's a potential cooperation between PLN, iComplus and telecom. Is this something new in this? Or is it some project that has been worked from both sides extensively? And what are the scenarios that can be considered as a cooperation between the two SREs in the fixed broadband state? Yeah, thank you. Hi, Pak Nico. Thank you for the question. On your indication of this 43 megawatt capacity for our internal use, I think about 30% will be used for internal purposes. And the second question, I think, can you repeat? Can you repeat? The second question is about the midterm? Can you repeat? So we don't discuss anything at the end of PLN. So we cannot give you any information at this point. Thank you for that. Can you follow up on the data centers, on the new 25 megawatt new capacity? Telecom intends to occupy how much of that? And maybe I can squeeze one more question, if I may. It's a follow-up question from a previous participant. In relation to the data price hikes, what has driven you to increase, to do those price hikes at this point? Are these on a one-day basis or are selectively implemented? And are the unlimited packs still promoted, like for instance in Combo Satsui or the Max series? So basically, what has driven you at this point to do those price hikes? And how confident are you that the other mobile operators will not take advantage of this? Thank you. One second. The purpose of data centers is for the global tech challenge. And for the internal, we predict not more than 24% utilization. The rest is for the external purposes. And the intention of this data center is one of the parts of the data center ecosystem on telecom. It is a self-removal tool on the global player, not for the local player. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Pak Haris. So two questions. The first one is the price hike toward the end of Q1. It's not so much a form of price hike, but it was a withdrawal from Unlimited for about half a year. It was only launched in selected cities. It was only launched in selected cities from Q6 of 2020 to launch Unlimited and hence we stopped that progressively since the end of Q1. With that, the price hike wasn't really just increasing the packages. It was more of a more for less still. The packages, the price was the reduced induction, removal of Unlimited, the price hike more quarter. On the RFP level, or PPMD level, we might look more competitive or more value for customers, but we try to keep an eye on the things that are very high in terms of the price. You can see that there's been a strong reduction in ARPU and it's definitely stabilizing and hopefully will grow. So this is how we did that. In terms of COMSTAT, which is basically our BTL, the centralized packages for our customers, we have also been using machine learning models to make it an only recommended package for customers. So customers who are more in favor of loaded nominations, we will get some more low denomination kind of packages. If customers are those who are using more and higher volumes for higher periods, we offer them a high denomination packages. So there's also offerings, things like digital vouchers, etc. for those who are expected by the new way of working. So there are various types of packages, acquisition packages and vouchers that we are putting out there. So customers from all different

And as for applications and vouchers that you're putting out there, so tapping them from all different kinds of affordability patterns, and you can tap into all kinds of things that are suitable for them. So we do hope that the competition can also correct the pricing. There have been some measurements in the last few weeks, and we hope this will continue and that the index will improve overall. Thank you. Thank you. Once again, as a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone. We have a follow-up question from line of Shubha. Please go ahead. Hi. Thanks a lot. Two questions, if I may. First one, Indihome. The ARPU has been lifting up extremely nicely. Could you share how is Indihome doing about the ARPU outlook and subscriber reduction for the year? Secondly, on your partnership with Goryok, you have detailed in your formal various initiatives which you have taken, but could you also share some tangible benefits accruing due to this Goryok partnership, like subscriber reduction and revenue player production, any kind of tangible benefits would be... Thank you. We expect around in the month of the 7th, given the 5th, and given the fact that we are in the first half of 2021, for the 7th month of 2021, we started to at least deliver with the new customers. But more importantly, revenue will be in line. Specifically, answer your question? Yeah, yeah. But... Okay, yeah, thanks. I'm representing the group of suppliers, the customer, because we believe that the driver gives our best, increasing 22% and the number of customers is increasing 23%. And also we give the greatest effort, and the number of customers is increasing 23%. And also we do my efforts, the business, is also increasing 23%. And the number of customers is increasing more than 100%. This is the work we do. Got it, thanks a lot. Thank you. Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone. Your next question comes from the line of Rindra Kristelwan from Makari. Please go ahead. Hi, thank you. I just have two questions. First question, can you update us on the hydro plan for Mitrakel? And second question on Indihome, sorry, apologies, I missed your response earlier on the question about growth outlook for Indihome subscribers going into this year and next year. Thank you. I think on the hydro plan for Mitrakel, we plan to submit the registration for the IPO today. And plan of the listing itself going to be in November. So we have a good building and listed in November. So that's in our plan. Currently we are in the process of planning the roadshow and other activities related to the IPO process itself. Thank you. And in the home, I think Bupenda, I want to answer this one. And what is the target subscriber this year? Given that after the growth in the first semester of 2021, for the second semester of 2021, we have to pick up at least similar new customers. But I think given the situation and the pandemic on the way, I think we've got a lot of opportunities for the government to do this. So we need to be more proactive to make sure that we can get a flight customer, a flight temporary, because it's easy to get a customer or to offer the Indihome to the customer with their first flight when they come to the house. I think Bupenda's answer on this one, in terms of the demand, if the demand still remains up to next year, we might increase the quality of our customer by having one year contract at least minimum at the quality. This I think still the market still are promising. We try to increase the I think 80% and also productivity. This already bring us to the good result in this year. Financially results as mentioned by Bupenda. So that's I think about the situation of Indihome. Thank you very much. Thank you. We have a follow-up from Mitra Wabari from BRIXA. Please go ahead. Yes, thank you very much. So I wanted to talk about the progress on the 27 megahertz spectrum refarming. When this will be finalized and do you expect to switch on this frequency? The additional 27 megahertz. And may ask on the guidance, it's a bit open for interpretation. It's about 25% of your revenue excluding 5G capex. What is this actually? I mean, I understand that the current investments are also going to be used for 5G. This is my understanding. How to say this? To finish the statement of the guidance. Thank you. I think on the progress of the refarming of 27 megahertz on Wi-Fi. And due to the capacity of the 5G, I think the 5G is possible in the future. So basically what we have mentioned is 25% including the 5G actually. So I think that's the outlook because the 5G capex also remains still control party. This is limited on the implementation of the 5G. Right, right. So just to follow up, does that mean that maybe 5G investments can be more intensified maybe going forward, maybe next year, and that capex sales ratio may have to increase in the following years? I think we have to wait until 100.3. And I think the 100.3 is only limited to the 5G spectrum. And I think the outcome will get worse, but I think I'm not sure whether we have to 25% of the capex. Right, right. Thanks. Maybe I can speak more. With regard to Mitrakel, is Telecomsel planning to transfer more assets to Mitrakel in the foreseeable future? And yeah, thank you. Thank you, Rami. On the transfer of the tower, specifically the plan of Telecomsel, because I think Telecomsel wants to focus on the business, not necessarily on the tower. And then we are currently in the process of finalizing the transfer of 4,000 towers to Mitrakel. You have, I think, a normal agreement, something to status and smart that we have in the market, which is supposed to be a lot of content. So we will soon bring basically...

So we will certainly bring the revenue basically. I think the revenue is under this transaction. But it is already in the plan of the company. This is of course a very good investment. This is of course a very good investment. And you will have around 28,000 hours after this additional 4,000. And you will be transferred 1,000 dollars from telecom. Or is it from telecom service? We have in banks transferred 1,000 dollars from telecom to retail. This is not included in the 10,000 that we mentioned. Okay, okay. What is the target of this 4,000 dollars? I think we will do the calculation right now. I think the calculation is around 1.57. 1.57. This tower, if you see the distribution of the tower, can be set up in Java and the S in the outside of Java. Of course, I think this gives us quite significant potential in case of tenancy. Right, right. Thank you so much, Fahri. Thank you for your feedback. Thank you. The next question comes from Linus Samuelson. Thank you, sir. Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. Three questions here. The first question is on dividend policy, if you have any. Understanding that pricing might be coming up, I want to hear your thoughts on the dividend. Thank you. Okay. The dividend policy, basically we need to see the dividend that is expected in the market, at least from the dividend that you are making on us. Of course, we want to have a dividend. Of course, right now we are not making too much business next year. So we have to talk about this one. But the intention of the company is still want to give the high dividend to our shareholders. Okay. Thank you. The next question is on this venture fund, MBI. I just want to understand a bit of the style. Are you guys more like SoftBank, where you will eventually exit? Or is this more of a, because I notice most of the investee are part of your verticals as well. Do you guys plan to be a long-term investor for your portfolio companies? Thank you. Well, it's a mix of both, but I just want to clarify. We will be like a soft bank. Something is actually interesting in mostly our small part. We are pursuing a big circuit. What we do with MBI is first, we are looking at the potential of synergy and the big deal with the member of the company. So I think we need to combine the two. And for the second, I think it's a big question because it can be a form of a business. So I think we need to combine the two. And for the second, I think it's a big question. And for the third, I think it's a big question. And for the fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the tenth, I think it's a big question. And for the eleventh, I think it's a big question. And for the twelfth, I think it's a big question. And for the thirteenth, I think it's a big question. And for the fourteenth, I think it's a big question. And for the fifteenth, I think it's a big question. And for the sixteenth, I think it's a big question. And for the seventeenth, I think it's a big question. And for the eighteenth, I think it's a big question. And for the nineteenth, I think it's a big question. And for the twentieth, I think it's a big question. And for the twenty-first, I think it's a big question. And for the twenty-second, I think it's a big question. And for the twenty-third, I think it's a big question. And for the twenty-fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the twenty-fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the twenty-sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the twenty-seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the twenty-eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the twenty-ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the thirtieth, I think it's a big question. And for the thirty-first, I think it's a big question. And for the thirty-second, I think it's a big question. And for the thirty-third, I think it's a big question. And for the thirty-fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the thirty-fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the thirty-sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the thirty-seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the thirty-eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the thirty-ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the fortieth, I think it's a big question. And for the forty-first, I think it's a big question. And for the forty-second, I think it's a big question. And for the forty-third, I think it's a big question. And for the forty-fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the forty-fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the forty-sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the forty-seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the forty-eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the forty-ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the fiftieth, I think it's a big question. And for the fifty-first, I think it's a big question. And for the fifty-second, I think it's a big question. And for the fifty-third, I think it's a big question. And for the fifty-fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the fifty-fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the fifty-sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the fifty-seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the fifty-eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the fifty-ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the sixty-first, I think it's a big question. And for the sixty-second, I think it's a big question. And for the sixty-third, I think it's a big question. And for the sixty-fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the sixty-fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the sixty-sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the sixty-seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the sixty-eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the sixty-ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the seventy-first, I think it's a big question. And for the seventy-second, I think it's a big question. And for the seventy-third, I think it's a big question. And for the seventy-fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the seventy-fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the seventy-sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the seventy-seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the seventy-eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the seventy-ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the eighty-first, I think it's a big question. And for the eighty-second, I think it's a big question. And for the eighty-third, I think it's a big question. And for the eighty-fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the eighty-fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the eighty-sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the eighty-seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the eighty-eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the eighty-ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the ninety-first, I think it's a big question. And for the ninety-second, I think it's a big question. And for the ninety-third, I think it's a big question. And for the ninety-fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the ninety-fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the ninety-sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the ninety-seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the ninety-eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the ninety-ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundredth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-first, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-second, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-third, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-fourth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-fifth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-sixth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-seventh, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-eighth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-ninth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-tenth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-eleventh, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-twelfth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-thirteenth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-fourteenth, I think it's a big question. And for the hundred-fifteenth, I think it's a big question.

