 Good day, and thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to the Telecom's fifth half of 2021 results call.
 At this time, all certificates are listed in only mode.
 After a speech presentation, there will be a question in answer session.
 to ask a question during the session
 you will need to test our one on the telephone please be advised that today's
 This conference has been recorded.
 If you require any further assistance, please hit star 0.
 I would now like to have the conference with the speaker today, Mr. Andy Tewan.
 Please go very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Twitter.com Indonesia conference call for the first half of 2021.
 We release our results on 31st of August 2021 and the reports are available on our website
 www.kevcom.co.id
 This presentation is available on the webcast
 and an audio recording I will be provided after the call for the next second week.
 There will be an overview from our CEO, and after that, all participants will be able to
 students are given the opportunity to participate in the Q&A session.
 Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to questions may contain
 forward-looking statement within the meaning of slave harbour.
 Actual results could differ materially from projection,
 estimation or expectation for it during today's course.
 This may involve risk and uncertainty and may cause actual results to differ substantially
 from what you discussed.
 Telecom Elimisi Adaptive Garanti
 Do you see any accent?
 which may have been taken in the reliance of the discussion held today.
 Ladies and gentlemen, it's my pleasure now to introduce
 from both of directors who are joining with us today.
 Mr. Luric Adrianka as President Director and Chief Executive Officer.
 Mr. Harry Sepiadi at Finance and Risk Management KRSA.
 Mr. Herlan, with Danarko as Network and IT Solutions Director.
 Mr. Eddie Bicara as Enterprise and Business Service Director,
 Ms. F.M. Feliciana as Consumer Service Director
 Mr. Wojty, the astronom as wholesale and international service director.
 Mr. Budi Setiawan Nijaya as Publishers Portfolio Director,
 Mr. Muhammad Fajin Rafiq as Digital Business Director, and Mr. Afriwandi as Human Capital Management Director.
 Also present at the Board of Directors of CalcomCell, Mr. Henry Mulyasam, at President
 Director, Mr. Mohamad Ramzi as Finance and Risk Management Director, and Ms. Rethel Goh
 as marketing director.
 I know.
 So, hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Deluk Adjansa, for his overview.
 Thank you, Amir.
 Thank you very much.
 I didn't get up on it.
 Welcome to our company power for the first half of the year in the year 2021 recently.
 We do appreciate the early children in this heart.
 The next program is COVID-19.
 economy.
 Reforms of political cuts by Organizations 69.5 trillion in revenue, increased requirements
 than year-on-year.
 a steady increase but at a slower rate of 2.8%.
 they started in a sector for retabulation.
 EBITDA grew by 4.7% while net income increased by 13.3% here on earth.
 This achievement shows that our business plans are on the right track towards a healthier
 and stronger fundamentals throughout the end of this year.
 to continue as the end of growth for some revenue and profitability.
 A revenue with 12.9% per year, grew by 24.2% supported by additional subscribers and
 subscribers.
 ...
 Thank you very much.
 the president's engine.
 He's here from the different
 revenue from 15.5% last year to 18.1%.
 The new problem that we can also continue to improve that every one might be enough for
 system.
 .
 8.926% in the first half of 2020.
 During the 2020.01, the number of photos had around 285,000 new customers despite the final
 information that must help from physical marketing activities and information
 information.
 new life.
 Meanwhile, I hope you have a great day.
 are too improved to 270,000 rupees.
 in second water from 286 South Anopia in Perthesia.
 Thank you, sir.
 Thank you.
 for the different performance amid selling in several different environments.
 Contest revenue in the second quarter of 2021 grew by 3.5% that compared to 3.5%
 There is a consumption rate of almost 10 GB per data user,
 or subtraction usage of 31.2% made online.
 The 21% from the video
 is consistently increasing
 Thank you.
 with 77.3 percent.
 Users will get data and user statistics also grew by 4.7 percent.
 You're under it.
 23.5 billion and this is the two drivers of
 and concerns
 other companies
 I thought you said you could come to me.
 User service is just viewed by 28.1% among registered products are digital lifestyle,
 and enterprise solutions.
 The end-parsegment consistently grew by 12.2% to 8.73% in India, with either surface and
 The end of this one of the situation will remain the weakest of the butons, so the effects
 Thank you very much.
 based for consistent improvement in all synodal species.
 At the same time, social and environmental justice
 reported revenue of 6.9 trillion increased by 1.2% year-on-year supported by increasing
 all the states, data center and A2P center. In the period, Sotrasis climb to this
 contribution has reached more than forty percent of telecom
 and more than 50% of
 Welcome.
 Good to see you.
 reflecting healthier and more diversified business. Ladies and gentlemen, telecom community
 a great synergy and collaboration with digital and technology companies.
 after the additional investment
 on in May 2021
 and eventually the company did it.
 in August 2021
 We can also find our MOU with Microsoft to explore cooperation in the development of intelligent
 infrastructure.
 You can see.
 open official,
 alone,
 and I heard him
 I still come through these are transformations.
 Then from Sanjay to the program, MDI, they would say,
 from capability and performance.
 and DI portfolio has shown an outstanding performance in terms of
 Inactive, converse, exit policy and energy failure.
 and we have invested in more than 50 set-ups in 12 countries
 or with
 Three companies have banned IBO and six companies have been successfully acquired by six parties.
 Motherfuck, Arrube, and Dio, the Hespa,
 2 Unicron and X-Portofeo, Nium and 3d4, and other two companies are effectively in the
 not really comfortable.
 Needless Achievement and we have got positive impact from telecom digital business.
 We are building up procedures in data center and cloud testing.
 Today we have met.
 36 data centers facilities, 21, 26 and 5 overseas.
 total capacity of around 43 MW.
 In the first half of 2021, this essentially contributed to the Monday's answer to the
 to them.
 the end of the day, or increased by the 1820 year-on-year.
 Who is it?
 Our capacity is currently we are in the progress of developing a new set of data centers
 which is a hyperscale that's our center,
 that we might have a
 between three and four, then a total array of
 fifty-five thousand square meters near Jakarta.
 Our hyperspace data center will be completed in physics and in the first stage is expected to complete by end of 2021 with a capacity of 25 MW.
 And the final step, I prefer the center with health capacity around 75 MW.
 In total, this means, after the success of only 3-digit power,
 Thank you.
 We total on 23,000 power, with an entry value of 1.57 as of June 2021.
 Thank you very much.
 of a 10-11 company,
 book revenue of 3.2
 billion in the first half of 2021, or good 10.9% euro.
 The total EBITDA margin also improves to 76.8 in the first half of 2021, from 69.7 in the first half last year.
 So the alignment of cloud portfolio within the group is accurate to enhance
 because I tell you that at the same time the image will come tell two-foot more focus on
 its conceptions.
 Ladies and gentlemen, to Kurgut Marina, let me share our main guidance for the year of Swami
 going on.
 One year.
 We accept the possibility for you to go by a load to make energy difference.
 I think the machine is expected to be ready to go.
 I don't know.
 architect for the group
 So it's estimated to be around 25% of the people excluding additional profits on 5-10.
 That is ending my remarks. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the Q&A session.
 Can I answer your question?
 I don't know.
 And we have our flexors increase.
 Yes, sir.
 The first question comes from the line of teenage children from HSBC.
 Thank you.
 Hello?
 Thanks for the participation.
 Thanks, sir.
 management team for the career of the world.
 A couple of questions.
 On your mobile business, could you share some light on the competitive dynamics we've had
 that excites.
 So it is the target hikes likely to sustain and what are the other potential levels for R2 development in mobile business.
 Secondly, on data center, what is the total TPEX envelope for the new hyper-trail data
 at the center of 100 milliwatts, 100 milliwatts,
 And how much has already spent on that?
 And if you can share in the first case, like 25 MW is coming, how much of the capacity
 It is already default.
 Exactly.
 Hi to you. This is Rachel. I'll take your first question regarding the mobile market competitive dynamics.
 I think to your question,
 which is other types of hikes sustainable
 and have a look on Apple.
 Just a recap, it seems the end of quarter one.
 Calcum cells have already taken new service to signal to the industry
 that it's necessary to halt
 unhealthy pricing practices
 in the mobile market.
 We need to make sure that our pre-endings are good and the profitability is strong as an industry.
 So we have stopped unlimited and we have increased our prices progressively in phases over the last few months.
 I mean, unfortunately...
 Thank you.
 But in the introduction, we have lost the line to state a reason.
 Other persons please take over.
 Can I continue with the present question while we're taking some information from the first
 question.
 On the second question, the total coverage for the NewHealth hyper-scale data currency under construction is around $73 million lately.
 it is
 one-third of the capacity that we can build in the production that we have here.
 So I think gradually along with the I think expanding the month we are going to build three times of the now that we already build.
 So that's the situation now.
 how many, I think, clients that we have user right now,
 now we are in the process of selling this feature to the users, potential users.
 info in our data center in Berlin, in Singapore, for example, there are utilization rates
 already around 82% in Indonesia around 76%
 It means we have a list of, I think, demand for selling this capacity.
 How did I answer your question?
 Yeah, thank you, Pat. Thank you, Pat. This is very helpful.
 Yes, ma'am.
 Have you signed up?
 Can I continue?
 Yes.
 Thank you.
 You know?
 So I think we have really started changing the progress in stages.
 so I think
 in international clients
 in APU, you should be seeing your health
 to cut, however, there are also
 the recent restoration
 information information now, and that's a good example for COVID-19 now, that's a good
 hurting us.
 So, I think we'll have to make things in, and if you have to do this, we'll have to
 it's not picked up yet.
 So those will be some of the challenges we might foresee when it comes to our point.
 Nevertheless, we will see that we are expecting
 often to stabilize first and then improving
 over time.
 I hope that answers your question.
 Thank you for listening. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Netta from Phelizut.
 Please go ahead.
 I answered the question.
 It's for some housekeeping.
 You can get some clarification on the OPEX items, like real-time personal expenses.
 It has done significant between you.
 I'm just wondering if there are any one-off bookings that we should be aware of.
 All right, that's the first one.
 The second question I have is to deploy to the NDI investments.
 any clarity on that side every time you can get to the other hundred million
 and dollars into this.
 What size of space would we normally take for these investments?
 I'm actually quite pleased on the two DB points
 and how big a fit you actually have.
 And on the Microsoft deal with this question,
 What do you expect to see with this deal with Microsoft?
 if there are any specific targets on additional revenues or cost savings that can happen with
 digitization.
 Thank you.
 Hi also, I try to answer your question first on the increase of GNA cause, it is because
 I think consultancy or I think export costs on this one, because we have quite many plans,
 quite many, I think, corporations that require us to have some expertise on this one, I think
 in line with company progress and development.
 And then on the personal trust, it is related to the last year born, that the city has been
 Thank you.
 second quarter of this year, it is a performance relationship, some also attributable to the
 I think because the expensive discount rate also declined, it means our exposure to the
 I think pension benefits also increase in this one, in this hour basically pay to the
 contribution to the O.
 I think contract law that we have with the employees, that is the reason of that law,
 one-off, we still can manage this one to make, I think, the scale becoming also attractive
 and to retain the talent, to attract the talent.
 Just to clarify that, so for these cost items, it should remain at these levels going into the next three quarters.
 That's how we did it today.
 I think basically we tried to manage the scores of employees going to be slightly increased
 of course content to last year
 We'll take that to this one.
 But overall, I think we don't have any kind of something that kind of one-off that can make this
 It's been higher.
 It's right.
 a longer time, becoming more, I think, moderate progress.
 Okay.
 Yes.
 And the MDI investment, MDI basically currently managed about 900 million UAP assets.
 We already insert in more than 50 startups in 12 countries.
 So far what we can say that I think we compare the return and also we do kind of I think
 I think
 periodically
 mark to market
 So basically the return that we have from this one about, I think, the return of return
 investment globally.
 That's the situation of our MDI adjustment.
 The size is, I think, quite a variation depending on the state of the plant-up itself.
 So this $100 million has been deployed already, or is that the fund size?
 The fund side, I think in total, from internal, the fund is around, the fund is around 700.
 Now, in the process of, I think, we income there are 200 of 900, so I think we have quite
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 On the material side, compared to other countries, in terms of the intelligence of digital facilities
 is left behind this project with a similar time.
 So, you're too much to suffer with that.
 So it's one of our steps to explore this market, the opportunity that we have.
 So it can be a B2B, B2B, but it can be a B2B.
 We don't have to be the number yet at this point.
 we just
 they don't know
 a full detail of our plan, continuing with the U.S. signing of the MOU, so at this point
 I'm going to go back to you.
 whether the numbers get,
 And working with Microsoft is one of the partners that we love, and we may continue to add similar
 companies.
 because we do delete that with a
 article template
 is
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line as a phone can send from CI. Andy, please go ahead.
 Hi, thanks for the call. This is Fong from CIMB.
 three questions from me, basically pull off
 to the other questions.
 Firstly, on the mobile business,
 You mentioned just now that we have seen some headwinds
 you know, with the next wave of COVID-19 cases
 Indonesia. So I just wanted to get your thoughts as to whether you think this potential could
 see some risks in terms of the development of competition. Are you seeing some of the
 a smaller place, perhaps adjusting their prices
 trying to appeal to consumers, you know,
 because of the lower engine power,
 or is everybody just sort of holding steady
 and we think that beyond this,
 we will continue to see prices going up, even including the smaller players.
 That's question number one.
 Second question, with regards to the Hyperscale Data Center, I just wanted to clarify again
 that the $17 million that was mentioned, this is just for the first phase. Is that right?
 Yeah.
 the acquisition of the land or is the land lived?
 My third question is, with regards to MDI,
 that the AUM is
 $900,000,000.
 Is that what we are paying for?
 what we are tapping the AUM as or do we sort of see that potentially going up further from the $900
 billion dollar funding management and MDI's current portfolio value in terms of the current
 that I'll use.
 Those are my three questions.
 Thank you.
 I'll take the first question.
 the phone with indeed
 it will reduce COVID-19 and also the PPKM that's in Indonesia.
 There is indeed a lower standing power from similar segments,
 but I can make it bigger enough that way.
 saw what the
 operators do include
 Now we're looking into lower denominations to make sure we address the affordability
 OK.
 not to watch
 the beautiful
 I think prices start towards making it more affordable and smaller denominations for the customer base.
 Under 70 million, it is for first-time funding and it includes the land acquisition cost.
 And then on the MDI, of course there's a potential of we're going to increase the investment
 on this one. As you may know in this region, the growing of the digital startup is very
 very high and I think we still have many opportunities in the health of the district and others so
 So we still see that our potential of investment to higher on this one.
 So I think we continue to see this one as part of our strategy to go to the digital place.
 be aware whenever we are, like I said, these companies, we see also what is the basic
 synergies that we can deal with them but go to external or go to internal by
 and making our company more difficult.
 Okay.
 I'm sorry.
 what is the current value of this digital investments and another
 Another follow up is you mentioned just now that the 17 billion includes the acquisition
 of LAN, is that the LAN just for Phase 1 or have you also bought the LAN for Phase
 in phase 2 and phase 3 already.
 So we are already aware of the lens, the lens for the three-year-old campus
 on this one and then your question on the basically what is the value of the 700 I unfortunately
 of the day.
 So it's a bit fun.
 For example, if you see one of the plan ICO of our investment is in Trevico, they already
 I think you are already seeing in the market that you are around 2.5 billion.
 we can have again around 100 million from this point if that happens. I think if you
 we can have one-on-one for them to have some color on this one part.
 Okay, I understand. Thank you so much, Pak, Harry, and Rachel.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Nicole Margaranis from ERI Banner.
 Okay, let's go ahead.
 Yes, thank you.
 thank you for that
 opportunity and congratulations for the good
 results
 to both
 things.
 So basically, my first question is on the data centers.
 you mentioned that it's about
 currently
 total capacity of around 43 MW.
 How much of that is used for telecom group purposes?
 And as you mentioned earlier, that is about 76% utilized capacity currently.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, how much of that is used for telecom internal purposes?
 That's that's question number one
 Question number two is about what has been, in the last couple of days, I mentioned in
 in the media outlets here, that there's a process of cooperation between PLN, ICOM Plus and Telecom.
 is this
 the system
 a new
 or is it some project that has been worked from both sides extensively and what are the
 for this
 for this corporation.
 What are the scenarios?
 What are the scenarios that can be considered?
 as a cooperation between the two SOEs in the six broadband states.
 Yep. Thank you.
 Okay.
 Thank you for the question on the utilization of this 43 megawatt capacity for our internal
 system.
 30% we use for internal purposes, we use for our clients, so that's about the utilization.
 And the second question, I think they don't bring anything to the point.
 Thank you very much.
 the
 Urane as the mid-train with the hot-off resistance.
 So, we don't start yet to discuss anything due to the conference of PLN, we cannot give you any information at this point.
 Thank you.
 All right.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Can I have a follow-up on the new 25 megawatt capacity?
 Telekom intends to occupy how much of that.
 And maybe I can create one more question, if I may.
 on
 It's a follow-up course from
 from a previous participant.
 and
 In relation to the data price hikes, what has driven you to increase, to do those price
 at this point.
 Arduim să
 Are this on a nationwide basis or are selectively implemented?
 And I would like to thank you for joining us today.
 Thank you.
 Are the unlimited facts still promoted, like for instance in ComposArty or the Max series?
 So, basically, what has driven you at this point to do those price hikes and how, yeah,
 We are confident that the other mobiles will not take advantage of this.
 Thank you very much.
 Wow.
 We'll be...
 Thank you.
 are for the, are related to the Yudhika Center.
 This is a...
 The purposes of the data center is for the global technology.
 And for the internal, we predict not more than 20% utilization, the rest is for the external purposes.
 And the intention of this is a factor.
 It's one of the parts of the data center ecosystem on Telkom, which is mostly on the global
 for the local players.
 Thank you.
 Right.
 We'll echo, I think that's my question.
 Thank you.
 So, it's a price hike to start at the end of Q1.
 It's not so much in the form of five types, but it was a withdrawal from an unlimited.
 We had an electric for about half a year.
 And it was only non-state activities.
 It wasn't nationwide.
 to launch animator engines to stop that progressively since the end of Q1.
 And with that, with price highs, it wasn't really just increasing the packages, it was more of a more for more.
 So the packages, the prices with the reduced induction or removal of unlimited with the packages,
 that we get more closer.
 So on the RTMD level or PPMD level,
 that we might look more competitive or more value for customers,
 but we try to keep an eye on the control options are very high key
 and how we can see that we're going to
 We do say the vaccine are put in the sense that it's overlaid
 help through a growth.
 So this is how we did that.
 In terms of ComSat, which is basically our internet,
 which is basically our B2L personalized packages for our existing customer base.
 We have also been using machine learning models to make sure they're only recommending the
 web purchases for customers.
 for customers who are more
 in favor of lower denominations,
 we will then promote low denomination kind of contract to them
 customers are also using more
 and higher volume to higher
 you'll offer them at high denomination packages.
 So, as outlets are also offering certain things like digital policies etc. for those who are affected by the new wave of COVID.
 So, there are various types of categories,
 if the acquisition packages and vouchers
 that you're putting out there
 So customers from all different kinds of affordability
 You can check in the YouTube settings,
 find something that's useful for them.
 We hope that the competition can also correct the pricing.
 there's been some
 and we hope this will continue and that in the future
 I'm not seeing too far as you have it here, but I wouldn't just be in overall, okay?
 Yeah, thank you.
 Thank you. Once again, as a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on the telephone.
 We have a follow-up question from line-up U.S.T.A.D.E.
 Okay, please go ahead.
 All right. Thanks a lot.
 two persons
 So, on Indicom, the ARGO has been lifting up extremely nicely.
 to be.
 Could you share how is, I've been thinking about the heart,
 to Outlook and Subscriber Edition for the year.
 Secondly, on your partner's fit code, you have detailed in the info memo where you fit
 which you have taken.
 could you also share some tangible benefits accruing you to this gorgeous partnership like
 subscribe to the video channel, or video play, or production in some way, any kind of
 Thank you.
 benefit would be good to know.
 At US, we expect current Indium AGU around 272 to be relatively sustainable, and given
 When the subscribers got spread in the first month of 2021,
 The second number 31 is target to have at least 25 customers in the first number 31.
 But more importantly, refugee council will remain on the right.
 This is okay.
 I'm for your present.
 Yeah.
 But, okay, yeah, thanks.
 Anyway, this is something that this is in the water.
 I think that's why I think it's a good one.
 meaning that the driver use our gear,
 including a fuel system,
 and we don't have the actual increase in the 6%
 and also we are doing the project as a reseller
 and we are going to be able to get the information
 and we talked about the transition to see
 And also we do the mine app, which is very different, is also increasing more than 100%.
 I'm not a person.
 We'll get our work.
 We'll get the work.
 Got it. Thanks a lot.
 Thank you.
 Once again if you wish to ask a question please just start at 1 on the telephone.
 Your next question comes from the line of Irindra Krishnawan from Macquarie.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you. I just have a quick question. First question, can you update us on the ITO plans for Mitratel?
 and second question on
 in Rome.
 I feel apologies, I missed your response earlier on the question about growth outlook for
 you.
 subscribers going into this year and next year.
 Thank you.
 I think on the ICO plan for Mitrakel, we plan to do first submission of the registration
 session for the IPO today, and the plan of the listed itself is going to be in November,
 So we have a good building and received in November.
 product in our camp. Currently we are in the process of planning the road show and other
 I think it is related to the IPO process itself.
 Thank you.
 on the Indy Help, I think, uh,
 I want to answer this one, and what is the target subscriber is here, and what is it?
 you wouldn't have thought of a good friend
 in the first semester of 2021
 for the second master 31
 we target to add
 It's really similar to new customers,
 soon with your first method.
 But for the next year, depending on the situation, if the pandemic is still ongoing, I think we get obstacles on the ground due to government mobility restrictions.
 So we need to be more proactive to make sure that we can get a quality customer, for example,
 because it's not easy to visit the customer or to offer the email to the customer with the transport and the permission to visit the house.
 I bring to both members' answer on this one, in terms of the demand, you see the demand
 still slowly.
 we did it in the next two years.
 remind very well.
 From the I think installation right now it is really helped from I think Kevin's because of the
 And it's a piece of this.
 and so on
 and also read
 try to increase the quality of our customer by having one year contract at least for minimum
 have the quality one.
 but this
 I think the market is promising. We try to increase the efficiency and also productivity.
 This already brings us to the good results in this year, for financial results as mentioned
 by the government.
 So that's, I think, about the situation in the home.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. We have a follow-up from Niko from DRI Danalexa. Please call it.
 Yes, thanks very much.
 So, I wanted to talk about the progress on the 23-megaspector spectrum refarming.
 It will be finalized and you expect to switch on this frequency.
 The algorithm also is connected to the megahertz.
 And may I ask on the guidance?
 it's a bit
 open for
 deprecation
 it is about
 25% of your revenue
 excluding
 5G
 a 5G
 topic
 what
 What does this actually mean?
 uh...
 I understand that
 You're trying to infect me.
 are also going to be used
 for 5G
 this is my understanding
 how to
 So how to see this, yes?
 To see this statement?
 Yes?
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 I will answer your question.
 I want to make some of the projects for the EFANU to re-relations for the EFANU.
 Thank you.
 They're on the roof.
 Hopefully the end of the summer will be finished.
 and due to the cafe, I think the cafe for the first video will be put in the in the Spanish budget for this year.
 So basically what Henry mentioned is 25% including the 5G actually.
 So I think that's the outlook because the 5G capital also remains still conservative.
 This is the method of the implementation of the financial system.
 All right, thank you.
 so just to
 follow up
 the
 that means that
 maybe 5G
 investments can be more
 with more
 intensified maybe going forward, maybe next year, and that traffic sales ratio may have
 to increase in the following years?
 I think in terms of privacy implementation, we have to wait until a particular room circulates
 2.3 and 3.4.
 I'm about to move 2.3
 It's only a limited country with the security sector.
 And for me, I think the self-help cell will deploy quite a much faster when it will go to 2023.
 Right, right.
 Thanks.
 maybe I can
 speak to my
 Monarchus.
 Look,
 In regards to Mitratel, is TelecomCell planning to transfer more assets to Mitratel in the
 Thank you.
 and
 Yep.
 Thank you.
 on the transfer of the tower
 Yes, it is in the plan of Telkomsel because I think Telkomsel want to focus on the business,
 and then
 we currently in the process
 of
 Finalizing the transfer of 4,000 towers to Israel.
 If you ask about I think how much is going to cost, I think it will come to the process
 that we have in the market. It is supposed to be a loss on that one.
 So, we don't go into APA, basically, I think, go to APA, issue of APA, the release of this transaction.
 but if it
 already in the plans of the company.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 just to
 uh
 contain
 des
 Thank you.
 4,000 new
 in the Taos.
 In addition to that, I would like to say thank you very much for joining us today.
 Thank you very much.
 6,000
 has already been talked
 in the
 in the pot, right?
 Yes, yes.
 This is our report.
 Thank you.
 We are supposed to have around...
 We are supposed to have around 28,000 towers after this additional 4,000.
 Right.
 And you recently transferred 1,000 dollars from Telecom or is it from Telecom cells?
 We have what is called in-brain transfer of power from Tartum to Microsoft, this is not
 input in the 10,000 that was previously mentioned.
 Okay, okay.
 What is the tenancy ratio of these 4000 hours?
 I think we see the situation right now, I think the financial ratio of this ratio is around 1.57, I'm sorry, 1.57.
 This is how, if you see, that's on, what,
 distribution of the tower can be set half in Jaffa and the rest in the outside of Jaffa.
 Of course, I think this gives us quite a significant potential to increase the financing.
 All right, thanks.
 thank you so much
 Thanks for having me.
 Thank you for your feedback.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Samuel Selton, Alain Spoon's fancy survey.
 Sorry management, thank you for the opportunity.
 Three questions here.
 The first question is,
 guidance of dividend policy, if you have any,
 Understanding that might be coming up, I want to hear your thoughts on the dividends first.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 I think on the...
 This is a different policy.
 Basically we need to see the return what is expected and in the market for the investment
 that you guys make on us on this one, of course we won't drop a method of the separation,
 because right now we are not ready to talk about this.
 This might be next year, but the intention of the company is they want to give the right
 you can draw a cell holder at the same time.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 So the next question is on this venture fund, NDI, that you guys have.
 I just wanted to understand a bit of a style.
 are you guys
 Is this more like SoftBank where you eventually exit or is this more of a, because I notice
 Most of the investees are part of your verticals as well.
 All right, you guys plan to be a long-term investor for your tutorial companies.
 Thank you.
 Well, actually this has been a mission of ID for that, but I just wanted to emphasize that this is
 We're not going to be right out for that.
 Um, something that, uh, actually, is, uh,
 in certain and mostly, or if not all, they are teaching the capture game.
 What we do with MDI is good time. One is supposed to keep it in, but similarly we are also looking at what is the potential synergy and
 can be with a member of a company within a second group or can also be other SOE.
 So, I think we need to take balance a little.
 And for the, actually I think it can be, can be, can be, can be, as a point of what you
 Everything is the best that I've said to him is going to be along with it, then let him
 Just a quick follow-up.
 I understand establishing a long-term relationship with the start-up is very important, but
 It exits, like it's holding, you know, 20, 30 percent.
 I don't want you guys holding 20-30%, but is holding a stake in the company a necessary step to cement that relationship?
 or once you've been working with them for a while and you grew them in the beginning,
 or is that sufficient for yourself?
 Well...
 I think the more important is, as I said, is also what kind of synergy or can we do
 I don't know if you're interested in the NPS.
 It's quite promising, and we believe that if there's something that's good for us, then we can continue as promised as we can.
 So I think that's the will we do the investment in MBI.
 Okay.
 Thank you, thank you very much.
 So, my last question is on the fixed segment, the telecom segment overall.
 And notice that EBITDA margin is now very close to 50 percent, consider the scale has now played out very nicely.
 So, I know it's great.
 notice that you type the whole segment of the operating margin 25, 25, mid 20, so that
 that means the EBITDA margin is probably low 30s, if not higher.
 Would you be able to give us some guidance on, you know, over the long term between broadband, enterprise, and wholesale, which is probably mostly just towers and IDCs?
 What kind of margin are we looking for for each sub-segment?
 Thank you.
 Thank you for the question. I think it was a very nice question and a tough answer.
 But I think overall, we quite late with the non-cellular margin right now.
 If you see in the home we have very good markings here.
 here.
 If you ask whether we can increase the margin, the margin right now that we have, of course,
 from the basic electronic security that we have and then they also buy an on I think
 that we provide on that one.
 So we need to balance between the software marketing and also the long term sustainability of our business by having more sticky customers here.
 I think we are very happy with you.
 Thank you.
 and watch the business by having more customers and more speaking.
 I think with this, hopefully all are funding well, even we can have a better margin if
 if there are opportunities as I say. But I think in these moments, by growing the size of the
 with the same margin that what I do, that it works.
 And then in the area of enterprise, we have about the video margin around 10 on this one.
 So we know this is related to the expertise that we have built and so on.
 We would respect this also going to increase by having more, I think, service on the plant.
 in the background with
 I think I can remember to increase margin.
 In the power business, of course, as they are going to be understood,
 they just have to have, I think, some parabola.
 So I think that's the action that we have addressed, with that I think combination,
 I think quite a good mountain and sustainability also better at times.
 Okay, thank you.
 Just a follow-up, on a long-term basis,
 on a five-year basis, would it be fair to say that the fixed segment
 The peak of that margin is probably 35%, 40% once you reach the scales and the total business
 or would it be more similar to the weather we have right now around the low mid-30s?
 I think it is supposed to improve, but more granularly, I think.
 we know that uh in the i think for in the home
 We are going to have more competitors on the front, so we make a lot of, I think, depend
 or market as well on this month.
 I don't know.
 This is the end of the intro.
 but I didn't want to get it in the world.
 okay all right thank you very much thank you thank you
 Is there enough other questions? I would like to send the call back to Part 100. Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you everyone for participating in today's call.
 I will try to follow the expression to talk to you as well as you are.
 That's when the budget is open.
 Thank you everyone.
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. We may all disconnect now. Thank you all.