 Today, and thank you for starting by, welcome to the telecom's first part of 2021 results
 call.
 Time all participants unless in only mode.
 after speaker's presentation.
 There will be a question in on procession.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 Please be advised that today's conference has been recorded.
 If you look right in, for the efficiency of star 0,
 I would now like to have the conference over to speak again.
 Mr. Andy, is that the one?
 Please go ahead.
 10-0-0.
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to play-to-show-com Indonesia Consent Score for the first
 of 2021 disaster.
 We release our discharge on the 30th of August 2021, and the reports are available on our
 our website, www.com.co.id.
 The presentation is available on the webcast and an audio recording will be provided after the call for the next 7 days.
 There will be an overview from our CEO and after that all participants are given the
 opportunity to participate in the Q&A session.
 Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to questions may contain
 forward-looking statement between the meaning of safe harbor as to a result
 to do some material from projection, estimation, or expectation for a student today's college.
 These may be poor foods and can't be complete and may cause extra results to do for substantially
 from what we discussed.
 The outcome will be shared as a guarantee to any action which may have been taken in the
 of the discussion helped today.
 Ladies and gentlemen, it's my pleasure now to introduce you to both of the directors who are joining us today.
 Mr. Rubik Agriyan may ask a question.
 also known as solar field and international services directess, which are a goodie to
 Mr. Mohamed Fajilrachi as Digital Business Director, and Mr. Afribandi as Human Capital Management Director.
 also present at the board of director of CalCompile.
 These are Andrew Moya from Express and Director.
 Mr. Mohamad Ramji, as finance and risk management director,
 That means Rachel will go as marketing director.
 I know.
 And over to the call to our CEO, Mr. Lelouch-Adrianzach, for his opportunity.
 increased 3.1% year on year.
 a steady increase, but as a slower rate of 2.8 percent.
 in effective profitability.
 A bigger drop by 4.7 percent
 while net income increased by 13.3 percent
 beyond net.
 This assessment shows that all the displays are on the right-hand side towards a nuclear
 position and stronger parameters throughout the end of this year.
 to be continued as a new update of the Portrait Sound Resonance and Public Ability.
 It's limited with 12.9% period through by 24.2%.
 supported by additional subscribers and further updates.
 This is all for today's video.
 Thank you for watching.
 We have received revenue from 32.5% last year to 80.5%.
 The new profit of the day also continued to improve with a bigger margin of 42.6%.
 The savings can increase from 38.9 to 46% in the first half of 2020.
 You can go to the first one, the second one.
 We don't know for you, at around 285,000 new customers,
 despite the fundamental situation that must come from physical marketing activities and
 And we are going to start with the most new ones.
 Meanwhile, our food improved to 217,000 rupees in second quarter from 2,266,000 rupees in
 Thank you very much sir, thank you very much.
 Legend to the moon, there comes out 30 different performance amidst challenging several different environments.
 The count has remained in the second quarter of 2021, grew by 3.5% as compared to the previous quarter.
 The national supply rate is almost 10% per day time.
 So that's why we think of 41.4% year on year.
 The sedimentation from these are given a particular increase and 37.3 percent.
 This is the case, data and user statistics also proved by 4.7 percent.
 You know, it is 23.5 percent.
 And this is the true driver of telecommunications,
 These are services trust looped by 28.1% among the retail products, retail lifestyle, advertising
 and enterprise solutions.
 The percentage of months that we grew by 12.2% to 8.7% is here.
 Yes, as you can see, an enterprise connectivity solution will be made in the future from the
 butaul.
 So, we have kept many with the name.
 There are four.
 consistent in Ruhman in all scenarios by review. In the meantime, hotel and mental
 This is September, report it.
 of 6.3M increased by 1.2% year on year supported by increasing over the next data center and
 is what we're talking about.
 In the period,
 So, that's its climate impact from the decision-making model for the pretend option, from potential
 for you and more than 30% of income contributed at any time reflected healthier and more
 That's what I'm saying.
 Okay, thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the community of Jet, Synergy and Collaboration Research
 and technology companies.
 After an additional investment on May 2021,
 and eventually doing a new company, Digital.
 In August 2021,
 RETOMACO signed a MOU with Microsoft
 to explore cooperation in the development
 of intelligent infrastructure,
 development of digital talent,
 and acceleration of telecom-script digital transformation.
 There's some subject at the time, M.D.I.S.
 from capability and performance.
 And here in particular, you have shown an outstanding performance in terms of interest
 Thank you for your attention.
 Thank you for listening and see you at the end of this video.
 India has invested in more than 50 startups in its large funders, of which two companies
 have been involved.
 and six companies have been successfully acquired by six companies.
 Morozo, Karela, and here I have two Unipron and X-File, FIUM and 24, and other two companies
 are affected in the next unit conflict.
 We just actually want to end this, but let me do this first.
 of the state.
 We are building up the system in the center and in the country.
 You can do your break.
 What is this?
 The total capacity of around 43 people was 21.6 and 5 out of 3.
 The total capacity of around 43 is the most.
 In the first half of 2021, there was a central budget of $700 billion entered into the room
 or increased by 11.7% in year on year.
 To address our catastrophe in Corona,
 We are in the progress of developing new set of data centers, which is a hybrid-scale data center,
 that divide as a two, three, and four, in a total area of 65,000 square meters, means
 data center. Our hope is that the center will be completed in spirit and in the first
 The final state is expected to complete by the end of 2021 with a capacity of 25MW.
 At the final stage, I tested the test and told you it has a capacity of about 45 megawatt.
 In tower distance, after being successfully supplied, they get power access.
 You can tell on 23,000 power, it's 992 of 1.37 as of June 2021.
 Because of the time alone company,
 of 3.2 trillion in the first half of 2021, or a good 10.9 percent in Iranian.
 We talked about a digital margin that has improved to 76.8% in the first half of 2021,
 from 69.7 at the first half of last year.
 The alignment of the output for your within the group is expedited to enhance the total
 And at the same time, your list will come down to put more focus and vision on a score
 strategy.
 Ladies and gentlemen, because of good marina, let me share our main guidance for the year of 2021.
 One, yes sir, it's possible that there is a need to go by load to make immediate.
 second, terbiter margin is expected to be rapidly set down.
 Can you tell us a little bit about the test for the tube?
 is assumed to be around 10.4% of which will be excluded in additional process on 15.
 That is ending very much. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 I'll be doing the Q&A session.
 Do you have a question?
 Yes.
 So we have the flux, there's an increase.
 This is the second week.
 The next question comes from the line asking you,
 So I'll bring some IPCC to go back.
 Hello?
 Thanks for the opportunity.
 Congratulations to the management team for the great result.
 A couple of questions.
 Firstly, on your mobile business, could you share some light on the company's dynamics?
 These have become target heights, so it is the target height likely to sustain and what
 for the R2 development in mobile business.
 I can be on data center.
 What is the total prefix envelope for the new hyperscale data center of 100 million volts?
 and how much has already been spent on that.
 And if you can still, in the first case,
 make 25 new ones coming, how much of this capacity is all
 Thank you for getting me to join you.
 Thank you.
 Happy new year.
 This is Rachel.
 I'll take the first question regarding the mobile market
 competitive dynamics.
 I think, to your question, this is Algeperis Hike Sustainable,
 Let's have a look on afternoon.
 This is Pat.
 That's what seems to end of quarter one.
 Help himself out ready to get into service.
 noted on the truth, there is necessary to halt unhealthful driving practices in the mobile
 market, we need to set up the entities and put in the profitability strong at the end
 So we have stopped and we have increased our prices progressively over the last few months.
 And that's what's in it.
 What an interesting view.
 I'm not the one who's been there recently.
 Are the person please take over?
 Yeah, the game took over.
 Can I continue with the presentation while we are talking about the continuation of the presentation?
 On the present, we are going to use the purpose of this for the music.
 high per scale that are currently under construction, around 70 million, it is one-third of the
 capacity that we can build in the capacity that we have here.
 So, I think, gradually, along with the, I think, expanding the month, we're going to
 three times of the amount that we have received. So that's the situation now. How many, I think,
 I think that we have a user lane now.
 We are in the process of selling these materials to the potential users.
 where you are involved in other data centers in other states, in Singapore, for example,
 there are utilization rate already on 82% in Indonesia around 76%
 It means we have a list of, I think, the number of serving this capacity.
 Robert, I'm sorry, I'll give you a question.
 Yeah, thank you, Pa. Thank you, Pa. This is very helpful.
 Yeah.
 How do you send up?
 Can I continue?
 Yes. Thank you.
 So I think we are pretty stuck at changing the progress in this data.
 So I think in terms of R2 and being at home,
 that we've seen in the House of the Cups.
 However, there are also good links
 at the end of the presentation.
 Introduction now.
 with a separate mix and I'll talk a little bit more now.
 that's helping us.
 I think we'll have the next thing in,
 And the bill too has nothing to do with it.
 So those are the some of the challenges we might pursue.
 it comes to output. Nevertheless, you will see that you are expecting output to stabilize
 and then improve them over time.
 I hope that answers your question.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Mitter.
 One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
 I think that this may be a good practice to use for some housekeeping.
 You can get some clarification on the corpx items, like real and personal aspects,
 is a jump exactly at the same speed.
 I'm just wondering if there is anyone else looking
 that we could be aware of.
 That's the first one.
 I think the center has to be part of the NDI investment.
 You can get any priority on that side.
 Every time you think about it, I've had a million dollars into this.
 What kind of things would you normally take for a decent business?
 and actually quite serious on the two unique points
 and how you can figure out what you have.
 And on the Microsoft deal with this question,
 What do you expect to see with this deal with Microsoft
 if they're in specific target on a certain revenue,
 the cost savings that can happen with the disease.
 Thank you.
 Hi also, I just want to answer your question. First, on the increase of GNAs cost, it is
 I think some thousand three or I think
 except thousand different
 Because we have quite many plans, quite many, I think, cooperation that require us to have some expertise on this one.
 I did in line with the company for great entertainment.
 And then, on the, I think, I'll talk about it.
 So, on our side, it is related to the last year's bonus,
 So, basically, we stay in the second quarter of this year.
 That is the performance relationship.
 I'm also actively with the both of them, I think, because they're expected to be fine,
 line is being well-exposed to the, I think, pension benefits also increase and decline
 and get a lot of, basically, very good at it.
 that you have with the employees.
 But this is not kind of one-off.
 I think we still can manage this one to make, I think, the phase is coming up, as well as
 to the, to the, to the talent or to the, to the, to the talent.
 So, I just clarified that.
 So for these cost items, if you remain at these levels,
 So we need to do the next few quarters.
 That's how we typically do it.
 I think this is really a pride to all of us, the members, the scores of our employees,
 going to the other, I think, slightly increase, of course,
 content to let us review that with this one.
 But overall, I think we don't have any kind of something that kind one of that can make
 It's been higher.
 try to manage along the time, becoming more, I think, more direct progress.
 Okay
 I am the MBI assessment.
 MBI basically currently managed about 900 million U.S. team assets.
 We are already in fact in more than 50 years startup in 12 countries, so far what we can
 that I think we compared the return and also we do kind of RIT.
 I think there is really much to market with B4, so this is the reason that we have some
 on this one about, I think, operation in the same investment delivery.
 That's the description of our MDI assessment.
 The size is quite different depending on the state of the startup itself.
 This $100 has been deployed already to present the fun time.
 The prime size, I think, in total from internal, the time is around the plant time around 700.
 Now, in the process of, I think, we interned the last 200 of 900, so I think I will have
 There are a lot of different plans.
 And we must also fight as you are aware,
 to other countries in terms of the implementation of the digital facilities, like we have of
 Thank you.
 So, you can make yourself as well as one of our steps to explore this market the opportunity
 that you have. So it can be a B2B, B2B, but it can also be a B2B. We don't have to be
 the number yet at this point.
 We just lay down our full detail about when continuing the video.
 the timing of the MOU. So, I just want you to look at the numbers. And working with Microsoft
 It's one of the partners that we also need to continue to add similar companies because
 We do believe that the article comes from a judicial system
 is having a unique opportunity in Indonesia.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Brian as a friend and a friend from Sierra Andes.
 Please, go ahead.
 Hi. Thanks for the call. This is Tom from CIMD.
 Three questions from me.
 Next people ask you a question.
 Firstly, on the mobile business, Rachel you mentioned just now that we have seen some headrooms
 you know, with the next wave of COVID-19 cases in Indonesia.
 So I just wanted to get your thought as to whether you think this potential could seem
 in terms of the development of competition.
 I have seen some of the smaller players perhaps adjusting their prices, trying to appeal to
 consumers, you know, because of the lower spending power, or if everybody is just holding steady
 I think that beyond this we will continue to see prices going up, even including the smaller players.
 That's question number one.
 One.
 Second.
 We'll be back soon with a high-plus scale data tanker.
 I just wanted to clarify again that the $17 million that was mentioned, this is just for
 the first state, is that right?
 And does that reward the equity payment for them?
 or if the land are lived.
 And my third question is, in regards to MBI,
 I mean that the AUM is $900 million, is that what we are tapping the AUM as or do we foresee
 potentially going up further from the $9000 fund
 management and also MGI's current portfolio value in terms of the current value.
 current values.
 Yep, those are my three questions. Thank you.
 I'll take the first question.
 the first question. So for what you can do, it will reduce the COVID rise and also the
 particularly on that kind of thing as well.
 There is indeed a lower sending power from semi-settlement to the most bigger mass-settlement.
 So, the operators here, including now comes out, now we're looking to load the nominations
 to make sure we address that affordability factor.
 So, not to watch the briefing crisis,
 to what's making it more possible to manage the nomination for the casting of these.
 I found under 70 million, it is for the first time for MD, and it includes the line-activity
 Thank you very much.
 And then on the MBI, of course, there's a potential
 we're going to increase the investment on this one.
 As you may know in this region, the growing of the two digital startup is very high.
 And I think we still have many opportunities in the health,
 businesses and others. So we still see that our potential of the investment is too high
 So I think we will continue to see this one as part of our strategy to go to the digital
 This is also the OS, when I provide, let's say, this, this company.
 We see also what is the specification of the geese that we can deal with them before we
 or grow to the norm by making our company more digital.
 Okay.
 What is the current value of this digital investment?
 And another follow-up is, you mentioned just now,
 that the 17 billion increase, the acquisition of land.
 Is that the man just for face one, or have you also brought the man, you know, for face
 next week.
 We already brought out the lens. The lens is for the three-hour, 10 percent,
 And then your question on basically what is the value of the 700, unfortunately we cannot
 that are a bit more different.
 For example, if you see one of the plan, ICO of our investment is in 3 people, they are
 Maybe I can do it when we see him in the mall.
 at the period on 2.5 billion.
 We can have a game around 100 million from this point if that happens.
 I think if you, we can have one-on-one for them to have some, I think, follow on each one part.
 Okay, I understood. Thank you so much. I'll call you in later.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line up in the corner of Margarine from ERI.
 Let's go to the next slide.
 Yes, thank you
 Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the good results to both teams.
 So basically, my first question is on the data centers.
 You've been mentioning that it's about the current use.
 the total capacity of around 43 megawatts.
 How much of that is used for a telecom group purposes?
 And as you mentioned earlier, that is about 76%
 to the left a part of the current day.
 Yeah.
 How much is that?
 So that is used for telecom internal purposes.
 number one.
 And...
 Question number two is about what what has been
 In the last couple of days, I mentioned in the media outlet that there is a potential
 cooperation between PLN, ICON Plus and telecom.
 Is this a new initiative or is some project that has been worked from both sides extensively?
 And what are the schemes for this corporation?
 for this corporation, what are the scenarios that you,
 that those can be considered.
 as well as a cooperation between the two FREs in the six broadband space.
 Yeah, thank you
 Thank you.
 Thank you for the question on the utilization of this 43 megawatt capacity for our internal
 and you have been able to be presented here for internet also with this service,
 that we need to apply on this one.
 That is, uh, over there.
 So, yeah, I think that's a good one.
 And the second question is about if they don't bring the people back.
 Thank you very much.
 The system is made by the mid-term of ISOV, during the mid-term you do half of the system.
 So, it was just yesterday.
 So, we don't start with that to discuss anything with the developers of PLM,
 or we cannot give you any information at this point.
 Thank you.
 All right. Thank you for hearing.
 Can I have a follow-up on the new December, on the new 25 megawatt new capacity, Telcom
 in terms to occupy how much of that. And maybe I can give one more question if I may.
 It's a follow-up question from a previous participant.
 or in the list of the data that applies height.
 How, what has driven you to increase, to do those price highs at this point?
 And are these on a somewhat basic or are selectively implemented?
 And are the unlimited facts still promoted, like for instance in Composality or the MACS
 the series.
 Yeah.
 So, this is for me.
 what has driven at this point to do the PS5 and how confident are you that the other
 mobile less will not take advantage of this.
 Thank you very much.
 Uh, Bobby?
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 Uh, for the...
 I don't know what you're doing.
 You just have to enter.
 Okay.
 This is, the purpose of data center is for the global tech service.
 For the internal, we predict not more than 20% utilization, but that is for the external proportion.
 And...
 The intention of this data center is one of the parts of the data center ecosystem on
 which is testing mostly on the local players.
 Thank you.
 Right, right.
 Where I go?
 I think I'll make myself at home.
 Thanks for having me.
 So, who's up next?
 It's a punch hack to a facet end of P1.
 It's not so much a form of private health, but it was our goal from an amendment.
 We're here in the city for the happy year.
 It was only nine, and that's six of these.
 It wasn't nice in a while.
 It's a bit like that.
 to launch animator in here to stop that progressively
 since it ended up being one.
 And with that, the price has, it wasn't really just increasing the pessimism, it was not
 often more and more.
 So, the packages, the prizes, was the reduced reduction of removal of unlimited packages
 that we do small quiz class.
 So in the R2MD level, the R2MD level,
 or people who haven't been able to do that yet,
 or more value for customers that you try to keep in eye on the future of our app.
 options are very high, so the consequences
 that they've lived through, strong,
 they've lived through the vaccine output
 and stabilize it and it will actually grow.
 So this is how we do it.
 In terms of concept, this is basically our internet,
 that was specifically our B2R personalized packages
 for our specific customer base.
 We have also been using machine learning models
 to make sure that we're only back in London,
 They're best possible for customers.
 So customers who are more, uh,
 of loading nomination,
 I think we were done for most of the nomination kind of
 of the incident is personless adults who are using more and higher volume for higher
 You're offered them a higher denomination package.
 So, as outlets are also offering different things like physical power systems and stuff
 for those who are affected by the need for COVID.
 So they are very good.
 of categories, if the attribution categories and options that we are putting out there.
 So customers from all different kinds of affordability testing,
 So, this is something to all find something that is suitable for them.
 And with this, we hope that the competition can also
 to collect the prizes.
 We are doing some measurements in the early two weeks.
 And we hope this will continue and that an exclusive report is out here for the whole
 to the overall thing.
 Yeah, thank you
 Thank you. Once again, just a reminder,
 If you would like to ask a question, please first start one on the telephone.
 We have a follow-up session from Line-up Series Charity.
 Okay. Please go ahead.
 All right.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thank you.
 So if you are in your home, the auto has been lifting up significantly nicely.
 Thank you.
 For the chair, I'm sorry, I didn't think about that.
 are to outlook and subscribe regularly.
 Secondly, on your partnership project, you have detailed information and more various
 and inform them more where it's necessary to have taken.
 but could you also share some tangible benefits
 in due to this coded partnership, like, subscribe to the channel, or any update or reduction
 can generate any kind of tangible benefits would be good to know.
 I've used 3 extra karan indium arco around 172 to do the rapidly-free switcheribb.
 And even the subculture brought a threat in the first month of September 21.
 Okay, okay, okay.
 I'm gonna press it.
 Okay?
 Yeah, but, um, okay, yeah, thanks.
 I will be there in a minute.
 I will be in the water.
 I think we are reaching the most best part,
 so just meaning that the driver gives the,
 how, how, how our,
 Got it. Thanks a lot.
 Thank you
 Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone.
 Your next question comes from the line of Erin Burt, just the one from the quarry.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you. I just have a quick question.
 First question, can you update us on the IPO plans for the profile?
 And then, second question on in the room.
 Sure apologies.
 to your response earlier on the question about a good outlook for early home subscribers
 going to go to the next step.
 Thank you.
 I think on the ICO plan for Mitracev, we plan to do first submission of the registration
 of the IPO today. And plan out the list of the cells going to be in November. So we have
 Good building and we'll see you in November.
 project in our tent. Currently, we are in the process of planning the workshop and other
 I'll give you a piece of evidence of the IDO process itself.
 All right.
 Thank you.
 In the hope, I think, Buprenus, we want to answer this one on the
 What if the target subscriber is here and there and there?
 Okay, uh, do you want me to talk to the group, sir, in the postmaster 31?
 For the seven nurses everyone, we target to add a few similar new customers, some of whom are first level.
 But for the next year, depending on the situation, if the pandemic is going on, I think we will get
 obstacles on the ground due to government mobility restrictions.
 And so we would, to be more likely to make sure that we can get the quality customer
 For example, let's cross one from the other.
 to the customer or to offer the, you know, to the customer with the first part and the
 the family simply to get the house.
 I bring to both partners answer on this one, in terms of the demand, if the demand goes
 So we give it demand up to next three years.
 mine very well. From the installation right now, it really has some, I think, feelings
 because I'm very happy to do a comment on it.
 And also we try to increase the quality of our customers by having one year contract
 at least for minimum, at the quality one, for this I think still the market is still
 the price will increase, I think,
 ADC-MT and also Product2PT and this already bring us the good results in this year for
 finance a result, as I mentioned, is very dependent.
 So that's, I think, about the supervision of Indians.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 We will have a.
 .
 All of them are in the middle of the line.
 So I'm going to be right down at the center.
 Please comment.
 Thank you very much.
 I wanted to talk about the progress of the 32-megapixel spectrum reform.
 And when this will be finalized, and there you expect to respond this frequency, there
 They are different also to the megahertz.
 And may I ask on the guidance, it's a bit open for interpretation.
 It is about 25% of your revenue excluding 5G traffic.
 How, what did you say actually mean, I mean, I understand that the current decade are also
 I'm also going to be used for 5G.
 This is my understanding of how to see this statement and the guidance.
 Thank you.
 I'm gonna go.
 Hello, I'm Sergio, the President of the U.S. President.
 I'm the President of the Project for the Department of the Religious Info-Education Group.
 They're on the roof, hopefully the end of the tunnel will continue.
 And do you think the purpose of this, or the fact that we will be putting the, the, the, the next, uh, project for this year?
 So, basically what we're going to do is we're going to make a video about the
 the
 25% including the 5G actually.
 for the, I think, the best of the outlook,
 because the 5G traffic also remain still conservative.
 This is going to be the end of the implementation of the project.
 All right, thanks.
 So, just to follow up, that means that maybe 5G investments can be more intensified, maybe
 going forward maybe next year, and that capex sales ratio may have to increase in the following
 and not accept when you will have those questions at the end of the day.
 Right, right. Thanks.
 Maybe I can speak one more time.
 I would suggest to Mr. Vettel that he still himself planning to transfer more assets to
 in the foreseeable future.
 Yep. Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 and transfer of the power,
 that's a big thing in the plan of self-control,
 I think I also want to focus on the business, not necessarily,
 And then, we're suddenly in the process of finalizing the transfer of 4,000 hours to
 this hotel.
 Uh, if you have one, I think, uh, how much is, uh, a great good cost?
 to come to the specific and smart that we have in the market, which is supposed to be
 loss on that one. So we will soon be doing a program basically. I think there will be
 But it is already in the plan of the company.
 Ok, so just to...
 ...continue the...
 This is 4,000 new towers, in addition to 6,000 towers already been covered in the past, right?
 Yes, yes.
 This is a little bit better.
 Do you have any support to have?
 No.
 which are supposed to have around 28,000 hours after this additional amount of 4,000.
 All right.
 And you recently transferred $1,000 from Telecom, or is it from Telecom itself?
 So, uh, we have, uh, what it's called, uh, in-brain transfer process of power from, uh,
 to make a deal.
 This is not input in the 10,000 that you mentioned.
 Okay, okay.
 What is the tenancy ratio of these 4000 hours?
 I think we should report about the situation right now.
 And now I think there is an anti-racial, anti-racial around 1.6 billion.
 Yeah.
 This tower, if you see the contribution of the tower, can be set half in Jaffa and the
 rest in the outside of Jaffa.
 Of course, I think these people have quite significant potential to increase the tendency.
 All right. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you for your feedback
 Thank you.
 You're expected to come from the line next time you'll come from the alliance.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you for the opportunity.
 Thank you.
 The first question is on the guidance of dividend policies.
 policies if you have any understanding of that.
 might be coming up while you hear your thoughts on the dividends first.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 on the decedent policy.
 This is really, really new to see the return of the experts here and in the market for
 that you guys make on us and this one.
 Of course we won't cover the rest of the situation.
 Of course it is not there.
 Now we are ready to talk about it.
 So I'm going to talk about this one.
 But the intention of the company is you want to give the right reason to sell holder of the people.
 Okay, thank you.
 So the next question is on this venture fund,
 the guy that you guys have.
 Just want to understand a bit of a style.
 Are you guys more like soft bank where you eventually don't exit or is this more of a
 I noticed most of you in backseat.
 That's part of your verdict on this road.
 All right.
 See you next time.
 your long term investors for your portfolio companies.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 This has been a message to the client for them, but I just want to emphasize that this
 It's not going to be like that often.
 So then if there is an infection, and mostly, or if not all,
 They are teaching on the capital debt.
 What we do with MBI is, it's good stuff.
 I'm going to support that.
 We have two minutes left.
 But, similarly, you're also looking at what is the potential of that kind of view and
 to be with ten to eight of the members of the company, they don't have to complete.
 I can go for the other as well.
 So, I think we need to dive into it.
 And for the, I think I think it's at least this, just like this, that this is how it's going to be done.
 can be, as I've reported, one of the things that's best to have said, though, can be a longer
 Let me just quick follow up.
 I understand establishing a long-term relationship with a startup is an important fact.
 is exit, like it's holding, you know, 20, 30 percent.
 I don't want to say that's holding 20, 20 percent, but holding a stake in this company
 a necessary step to cement the relationship or, you know, once you've been working with
 for a while and you do them in the beginning or you've got to fix them by yourself.
 Well, the one more...
 Then there will be more important services.
 What can we do to be able to do that?
 Yes, but it's a platform thing, and we believe it's something that's good for us, and it's something that can be used as promised, as we can ask.
 So, I think that's real. We do need that one in MDM.
 Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much.
 So my last question is on the sixth segment,
 or telecontractments overall.
 And notice that you've got markings now.
 very close to 50 percent.
 A conservative scale is now played out very nicely.
 and notice that if I take the whole,
 take the whole segment and be up and loading 25, 20 segment, 20, so that means that you've
 the count margin is probably low 30's is not higher.
 which would be able to give us some guidance on, you know,
 It's over the long term between broadband enterprise
 and wholesale, which is probably most of its powers
 and IDP.
 What kind of that you picked on my turn?
 What kind of marketing are we looking for for each sub-segment?
 Thank you.
 Thank you for this question.
 I think you're a very nice person, and it's a tough time, too.
 I think, overall, we've calculated the non-stellar margin right now.
 Now, if you see me at home, we have our benefits margin here.
 If you ask whether we can increase the margin, the margin right now that we have, of course,
 that you have, and then they also buy an arm, I think,
 So that's how we set the profile in that one.
 So, you need to balance between the software marketing and also the long term, I think,
 sustainability of our economy by having more, I think, sticky testimonies here. I think we
 that we have, we are very happy with this. We try to enlarge the business by having more
 customer and more people, hopefully all are finding well, even if we can have a better
 if there are opportunities, as I said.
 But I think in these moments,
 by growing the size of the dispute with the same margin,
 that what I do very good.
 Then, in the Alba, in AIO Enterprise, we have a word there.
 and we don't argue in the government's hands on this one.
 We know this is limited to health, so please let me go and so on.
 And that said, we also are going to introduce by having more, I think, brief on the plan
 And in the long run, we hope we are, I think I remember so,
 and so you can get there on my team.
 In the power of business, of course, they are very good people.
 I think that there is something that I think was uncomfortable.
 I think that the extent that we have addressed with us, I think from the nation, we do have
 I think we have a good monkeying and sustainability of the better time.
 Thank you.
 Would it be fair to follow up on a long-term basis,
 of the five year basis, would it be fair to say that the six
 He's a good guy.
 Might have been.
 is probably 35 to 40 percent.
 if you make the scales and the target of the high scale,
 or would it be more similar to the way we have right now around those mysteries?
 I think it is a question of input.
 But more than one, than another, that's enough.
 We know that in the home region to have more competition on the front, we make the final
 I think it depends on the market as well on this one.
 I think it is going to improve, but I think not a bit anymore.
 Okay. All right. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.
 As enough of the questions, I would like to turn the corner back to the part on which we go ahead.
 Thank you very much. And thank you everyone for participating in today's call.
 We apologize for those who are present with this idea.
 Thank you very much, and we appreciate it.
 Please don't hesitate to come back.
 Thank you everyone.
 Thank you.
 This comes through to today's conference.
 Please call thank you for your participation in all the business now and yours.