 Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the telecom's third half of 2021 results call. At this time, all participants are listen-only mode. After a speaking presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on the telephone. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance, please press star 0. I would now like to hand the conference over to speaker today. Mr. Andy Atiwan, please go ahead. Thank you, Eze. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the telecom Indonesia conference call for the first half of 2021 results. We release our results on 31st of August 2021 and the reports are available on our website www.telecom.co.id. Today's presentation is available on the webcast and an audio recording will be provided after the call for the next seven days. There will be an overview from our CEO and after that, all participants are given the opportunity to participate in the Q&A session. Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to questions may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of safe harbor. Actual results could differ materially from projections, estimations, or expectations for it during today's call. This may involve risk and uncertainty and may cause actual results to differ substantially from what we discussed. Cellcom Indonesia does not guarantee to any action which may have been taken in the reliance of the discussion held today. Ladies and gentlemen, it's my pleasure now to introduce cellcom's board of directors who are joining with us today. Mr. Rich Adrian Cah as President Director and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Harry Supiadi as Finance and Risk Management Director. Mr. Herlan Widjanarko as Network and IT Solutions Director. Mr. Eddie Bicara as Enterprise and Business Service Director. Mr. FM Feliciana as Consumer Service Director. Mr. Hogi Wicastono as Wholesale and International Service Director. Mr. Rudi Setiawan Widjaya as Publishers Portfolio Director. Mr. Muhammad Fajin Raki as Digital Business Director. And Mr. Afi Wandi as Human Capital Management Director. Also present are the board of directors of Cellcom Cell. Mr. Hendri Mulyasam as President Director. Mr. Muhammad Ramzi as Finance and Risk Management Director. Mr. Hendri Mulyasam can use Rachel Goh as Marketing Director. I now hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Redelux Adjansa for his offer to you. Please fire it. Thank you, Andy. Mr. Hendri Mulyasam, President and President. Welcome to our content call for the first half of the year since 2020, 2021 research. We really appreciate your present season in this call. Amid prolonged COVID-19 pandemic, the result of public interest by reporting $69.5 trillion in revenue increased 3.1% year-on-year. Expensive increase but at a slower rate of 2.8%. Resorted in a better profitable rate. Episal grew by 4.7% while net income increased by 13.3% year-on-year. This achievement showed that our business plans are on the right track towards a healthier condition and stronger fundamentals throughout the end of this year. The premium continued as well the ending of growth of hotel-town revenue and profitability. Its revenue with 12.9 trillion grew by 24.2% supported by additional subscribers and paper articles. The first performance of the hotel engine increased on the weekend's total usage revenue from 15.5% last year to 15.1%. The new profitability rate also continued to improve with EBITDA margin of 47.6%. A season can increase from 38.9% to 46% in the first half of 2020. During the first half of 2021, the new customers had around 285,000 new customers despite the pandemic situation that much growth from physical marketing activities and installation of new lines. the new customers had around 285,000 new customers. Meanwhile, Hathu improved to 270,000 Rupiah in second quarter from 266,000 Rupiah in previous years. Second, gentlemen, Telkomtel showed you different performance amidst challenging several business environments. Telkomtel's revenue in the second quarter of 2021 grew by 3.5% as compared to previous quarter. Telkomtel's revenue in the second quarter. Telkomtel's revenue in the second quarter of 2021 grew by 3.5% as compared to previous quarter. Telkomtel's revenue in the second quarter of 2021 increased almost 10 GB per data user or substantial increase of 41.4% year-on-year. The minimum increase in from user business is consistently increasing and with 77.3%. User business data and user statistics also grew by 4.7% then-on-year to 63.4% and that is the key driver of Telkomtel's revenue as a digital company. Telkomtel's revenue as a digital co-company. User service is fast grew by 28.1% among the digital products are digital lifestyle, advertising, and enterprise solutions. Enterprise segment consistently grew by 12.2% to 8.7% in Asia, with IP service and enterprise connectivity solutions remain the biggest contributor to the first small revenue. This shows consistent improvement in all general processes. In the meantime, social and international business sector reported revenue of 6.9 trillion increased by 1.2% year-on-year, supported by increasing our business data center and HOP sector. In the period, total 6 client business contribution had reached more than 40% of Telkom concentrated revenue and more than 30% of Telkom concentrated at Inicom, reflecting healthier and more diversified business. Ladies and gentlemen, Telkom continues to get synergy and collaboration with digital and technology companies. After an additional investment are in May 2021, an initial engineering company, Digit. In August 2021, Telkom also signed our MOU with Microsoft to explore cooperation in the development of intelligent infrastructure, development of digital talent and acceleration of telecom script digital transformations. Telkom scientific article, MDI demonstrates strong capability and performance. MDI portfolio has shown on outstanding performance in terms of impressive valuation, exit strategy, and energy failure. MDI has invested in more than 50 startups in 12 countries, of which 3 companies have been ideal and 6 companies have been successfully acquired by 6 parties. Moreover, Carola MDI has two unicorns in its portfolio, Vium and Critical, and other 2 companies are especially in the next unicorn. With this achievement, MDI has got positive interest on Telkom digital business. We are building up capacity in data center and cloud testing. Today, we operate 46 data centers facilitates, 21, 26, and 5 offices, with total capacity of around 43 megawatts. In first half of 2021, data centers disrupted 730 billion enterprises, or increased by 11.7% here only. To assess our capacity, currently we are in the progress of developing new sets of data centers which is a hyperspace data center, which is a hyperspace data center, that we might have as a twin 3 and 4, in a total array of 65,000 square meters, near Jakarta. Our hyperspace data center will be completed in stages, and in the first stage, it is expected to complete by end of 2021 with a capacity of 25 megawatts. At the final stage, hyperspace data center will have capacity around 75 megawatts. In tower business, after we successfully consolidated power assets, we total on 23,000 power, with identity ratio of 1.57 as of June 2021. We total as a standalone company, group revenue of 3.2 trillion in the first half of 2021, or group 10.9% year-on-year. We total EBITDA margin will also improve to 76.8 in the first half of 2021, from 69.7 in the first half last year. The alignment of cloud portfolio within the group is expected to enhance the total value, and at the same time, they may circumcise two-foot more focus and efficient on its core facilities. Ladies and gentlemen, to conclude my remarks, let me share our main guidance for the value of 2021. 1. We expect its possibility of revenue to grow by low to mid-reality. 2. Second, EBITDA margin is expected to be relatively stable. 3. Creditor exclusivity, also said, for the group is expected to be around 25% of listening excluding additional profits on 5-team. That is ending my remarks. Thank you. Thank you. We will now begin the Q&A session. To answer your questions, please keep hearing the Q&A session. Sir, may we have the Q&A session, please? Yes, sir. Certainly. The first question comes from the line of previous Q&A session, please go ahead. Hello. Good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations, sir, to the management team for the great first result. A couple of questions. Firstly, on your mobile business, could you share some light on the competitive dynamics? Do you have the target hikes? So, is the target hikes likely to sustain, and what are the potential levels for R2 development in mobile business? Secondly, on datacenter, what is the total CPEX envelope for the new hypersale data center of 100 MW? And how much is already spent on that? And if you can share, in the first case, like 25 MW is coming, how much of the capacity is already pre-sold? Thank you. Hi to you. This is Rachel. I'll take your first question regarding the mobile market's competitive dynamics. I think to your question, which is, are the target hikes sustainable and what's our outlook on R2? So, just to recap that since the end of quarter one, CalcumSelf had already taken inflated to signal to the industry that it's necessary to halt unhealthy pricing practices in the mobile market. We need to look for the RPMs as good and the profitability strong as an industry. So, we have stopped unlimited, and we have increased our prices, progressively increases over the last few months. Thank you. Pardon the interruptions. We have lost the line for future relations. Other presenters, please take a look. Can I continue with the present question while we're in some continuation from the first question? On the present question, yes, the total CPEX for the new hypersale data currency under construction is around 73 million. It is one-third of the capacity that we can build in the capacity that we have here. So, I think, gradually, along with the, I think, expanding the month, we're going to build three times of the, now that we already build. So, that's the situation now. How many, I think, clients that we have, users right now, we are in the process of, I think, selling this digital to the users, potential users. For you, in our data center, in Singapore, in Singapore, for example, their utilization rate already around 82%. In Indonesia, around 76%. It means we have a list of, I think, demand for selling this capacity. Yes. Yes. I hope that answered your question. Yes. Thank you, Pat. Thank you, Pat. This is very helpful. Yes. Pat, can you stand up? Yes. Can I continue? Yes. Thank you. Hello. Yes. So, I think we have really started changing the process in stages. So, I think, in terms of our PMB in APU, we should be seeing a healthy pickup. However, there are also good things that we are facing in Indonesia now. With the pandemic, some of COVID days now, that's affecting us. We're seeing more customers staying in. Mobility has not picked up yet. So, those will be some of the challenges we might foresee when it comes to APU. Nevertheless, we will see that we are expecting APU to stabilize first and then improving over time. I hope that answers your question. Thank you, Pat. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Althar Fumada from Cedars. Please, go ahead. I answered the question. Two questions, please. First of all, housekeeping. You can get some clarification on the OPEC items, like DNA and personal expenses. Please have done significantly too. I'm just wondering if there are any one-off bookings that we should be aware of. That's the first one. Second question I have is with regard to the NDI investments. If you can get any clarity on that side. Every time you've invested around $100 million into this. What size of stakes would you normally take for these investments? I'm actually quite curious on the two DB points and how big a stake you actually have. And on the Microsoft deal, there's a question. What do you expect to see with this deal with Microsoft? Is there any specific target on additional revenues or cost savings that can happen with the division? the division? Thank you. Thank you. Hi, also. I'll try to answer your question. First, on the increase of DNA cost. It is because of, I think, consultancy or, I think, more than one of the things that do you expect on this one? Because we have quite many plans. Quite many, I think, more than one of the things that we have. I think it's going to be a good question. I think it's going to be a good question. If you have any specific target on additional revenues or cost savings that can happen with the division. Thank you. Hi, also. I'd like to answer your question. First, on the increase of DNA cost. It is because of, I think, consultancy or, I think, export costs on this one. Because we have quite many plans, quite many, I think, corporations that require us to have some expertise on this one. I think in line with company progress and the development. And then, on the, I think, the other cost, personal cost. Personal cost is related to the, I think, last year bonus that basically we pay in the second quarter of this year. It is a performance relationship. Some also attributable to the, I think, because the expensive discount rate also decline. It means our exposure to the, I think, pension benefits also increase on this one. It is our, basically, pay to the contribution to the, I think, contract law that we have with the employees. That is the reason of the, I think, the debt law. But it is not kind of one-off. We still can manage this one. To make, I think, the pay is becoming also attractive and to the, to retain the talent also, I think, attract the talent. Just to clarify that, so, for these cost items, could you remain at these levels going into the next three quarters? Is that how we did it today? I think, basically, we try to manage the cost of employees going through the, I think, slightly increase, of course, compared to last year. We think that with this one. But overall, I think, we don't have any kind of something that, kind one-off that can make this one higher. We try to manage along that time, becoming more, I think, moderate progress. Okay. Yes. And the MDI investment. MDI basically currently managed about 900 million USP assets. We already invest in more than 50 startups in 12 countries. So far, what we can say that, I think, we compare the return and also we do kind of, I think, periodically, mark-to-market with, I think, a big four. So, basically, the return that we have from this one, about, I think, a price of return in the same investment globally. That's the situation of our MDI investment. The size is, I think, quite variation, depending on the stage of the startup itself. So, this $100 million has been deployed already, or is that the fund size? The fund size, I think, in total, from now, the fund is around $700. Now, in the process of, I think, we income the last $200 of $900. So, I think, we have quite many investment plans. Well, on the Microsoft side, as you are aware, it means that, compared to other countries, in terms of the intelligence, the digital facilities is left behind of this project. with a similar kind. So, we think Microsoft is, as well, one of our steps to explore this market, the opportunity that we have. So, it can be a B2B, B2B, but it can be a B2B. We don't have to be remembered at this point. We just laid down a full detail of our plan, continuing the signing of the MOE. So, at this point, we don't have to look at it. So, we numbered back. And working with Microsoft is one of the partners that we love. And we may continue with other similar companies. Because we do believe that, that high-equal champion and digitalization is having a unique opportunity in Indonesia. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Fung Chen from CIMB. Please go ahead. Hi. Thanks for the call. This is Fung from CIMB. Three questions from me, basically follow-up to the other questions. Firstly, on the mobile business, Rachel, you mentioned just now that we have seen some head wave of COVID-19 cases in Indonesia. So, I just wanted to get your thoughts as to whether you think this potential could see some risks in terms of the development of competition. Are you seeing some of the smaller players perhaps adjusting their prices trying to appeal to consumers, you know, because of the lower spending power? Or is everybody just sort of holding steady and you think that beyond this, we will continue to see prices going up even including the smaller players? That's question number one. Second question, with regards to the hyperscale data center, I just wanted to clarify again that the $17 million that was mentioned, this is just for the first phase. Is that right? Yeah. And does that include the acquisition of the land or is the land linked? And my third question is with regards to MDI, you mentioned that the AUM is $900 million. Is that what we are tapping the AUM as? Or do we sort of see that potentially going up further from the $900 million fund under management and MDI's current portfolio value in terms of the current values? Yep, those are my three questions. Thank you. Hi, Fong. I'll take your first question. So, Fong, yes indeed it will reduce the COVID rise and also the PPK 100 in Indonesia. There is indeed a lower standing power from similar segments at most bigger, more segments. So, the operators here including Telkomstel are now looking into lower denominations to make sure we address the affordability sector. So, not towards using prices, but towards making it more affordable in smaller denominations for the customer base. So, what are the opportunities? So, under $70 million, it is for first stage only and it is include the land acquisition cost. And then on the MDI, of course there is a potential of we are going to increase the investment on this one. So, I think we are going to continue to see this one as part of our strategy to go to the digital place of digital. So, I think we are going to continue to see this one as part of our strategy to go to the digital place of also be aware whenever we are, let's say, these companies. We also, what is the basic technology that we can deal with them both for go to external or go to internal by making our company more digital. Okay, and for Harry, what is the current value of this digital investment? And another follow-up, you mentioned just now that the $17 million includes the acquisition of land. Is that the land just for phase one or have you also bought the land for phase two and phase three already? We are already bought of the land, the land for the three campus basically on this one. And then your question on Java, basically what is the value of the $700? Unfortunately, we cannot afford this one. For example, if you see one of the plan ICO of our investment is in 34. They are already, I think, you are already seen in the website, okay, around $2.5 million. We can have again around $100 million from this one if that happens. I think if you, we can have a one-on-one for them to have some, I think, color on this one part. Okay, Anderson, thank you so much for Harry and Rachel. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Niko Margarani from ERI. Rachel, please go ahead. Yes, thank you. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the good results to both teams. So, basically, my first question is on the data centers. You mentioned there is about currently total capacity of around 43 megawatts. How much of that is used for telecom group purposes? And as you mentioned earlier, that is about 76 percent utility life capacity currently. Yes. How much of that is used for telecom internal purposes? That's question number one. Question number two is about what has been, in the last couple of days mentioned in the media outlets, that there is a potential cooperation between PLN, ICOM Plus, and telecom. Is this a new initiative or is some project that has been worked from both sides extensively? And what are the schemes for this cooperation? What are the scenarios that can be considered as a cooperation between the two SOEs in the fixed broadband space? Yes. Thank you. Thank you for the question on the utilization of this 43 megawatt capacity. capacity for our internal use. I think about 30 percent we use for internal purposes. I think we use for our fly-on on this one. So, that's about the utilization. And the second question, I think. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. So we don't started yet to discuss anything in the conference of the LM, we cannot give you any information at this point. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Can I have a follow-up on the new 25 megawatt new capacity? Telkom intends to occupy how much of that. And maybe I can create one more question, if I may. It's a follow-up question from a previous participant. In relation to the data price hikes, what has driven you to increase, to do those price hikes at this point? Are these on a nationwide basis or are selectively implemented? And are there unlimited facts still promoted, like, for instance, in or the Max series? Yes. So basically, what has driven you at this point to do those price hikes, and how confident are you that the other mobiles will not take advantage of this? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you. For the, I related to the new data center. This is, the purpose of the data center is for the global technology. And for the internal, we predict not more than 20% utilization, but that is for the external purposes. And the intention of this data center is one of the parts of the data center ecosystem on Telkom, which is mostly on the global player, not for the local player. Thank you. Thank you. Right. Sorry. More echo. I think. I have a question. Okay. Thanks, Zahari. So, a few questions. It's a price hike to start at the end of Q1. It's not so much a form of price hike, but it was a withdrawal from Unlimited. We had Unlimited for about half a year. And it was only launched in selected cities. It wasn't nationwide. We took selected cities to launch Unlimited. And hence, we stopped that progressively since the end of Q1. And with that, the price hike, it wasn't really just increasing the packages. It was more of a more for more. So, the packages, the prices with the reduced reduction removal of Unlimited, we had packages, but reduced more quota. So, on the R2MD level, or P2MD level, it might look more competitive or more value for customers, but we tried to keep an eye on making sure our R2MDs are very healthy. And hence, you can see that we've linked in strong, reduced the reduction R2MDs and it's stabilized and hopefully will grow. So, this is how we did that. In terms of ComSat, which is basically our internet site, which is basically our B2L personalized packages for our existing customer base. We have also been using machine learning models to make sure that we're only recommending the red packages for customers. So, customers who are more in favor of low denominations, we will then promote low-denomination kind of contact to them. If customers are those who are using more and higher volumes or higher payloads, we will offer them a high-denomination packages. So, as outlets are also offering certain things like physical routers, etc. for those who are affected by the new wave of COVID. So, there are various types of packages, as well, acquisition packages and vouchers that we are putting out there. So, customers from all different kinds of affordability patterns, the usage patterns, all find something that's useful for them. So, with this, we hope that the competition can also correct the pricing. They are seeing some movements in definitely three weeks, and we hope this will continue, and that in the Q2 and Q4, it will be healthier for the whole industry overall. Thanks. Yes, thank you. Thank you. Once again, as a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on the telephone. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of . Okay, please go ahead. Thank you. Hi. Thanks a lot. Two questions please. Firstly, on Indicom, the ARPU has been lifting up extremely nicely. Could you share how's, I've been thinking about the ARPU outlook and subscriber reducing for the year? Secondly, on your partnership with GoJet, you have, you know, detailed in the info memo various messages which you have taken, but could you also share some tangible benefits accruing due to this GoJet partnership like subscribe, reduction in turn rate, any kind of tangible benefit would be good to know. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hi. Just we accept around, around 70 to do relatively sustainable. And given the subscriber growth rate in the first May 2021, for the second May 2021, we target to at least generate new consumer impact on the first May 21, But more importantly, revenue travel will be made on track. Okay, answer your question? Yeah, yeah. But, um, okay, yeah, thanks. And related to the investment that we did in the last quarter, I think we are increasing in terms of the equipment, meaning that the driver used our supply, increasing 22%, and in terms of the hardware increasing the 6%. And also, we are giving the growth of our resellers, in terms of the driver, it's increasing at 32%, and in terms of the 10%, it's increasing at all 32%. And also, we do the My App with a predictive user. It's also increasing, but certainly, more than 100%. We will get our predictive user. Got it, thanks a lot. Thank you. Once again, if you wish to ask a question, please restart 1 on the telephone. Your next question comes from the line of Irindra from Macquarie, please go ahead. Hi. Thank you. I just have a quick question. First question, can you update us on the IPO plan for Mitratel? And second question on Illyhome. Sorry, apologies. I missed your response earlier on the question about a growth outlook for Illyhome subscribers going into this year and next year. Thank you. Hi, it's Irindra. I think on the IPO plan for Mitratel, we plan to have the first submission of the registration for the IPO today. And the plan of the listed itself is going to be in November. So we have a good building and listed in November. So that's in our plan. Currently we are in the process of planning the roadshow and other activities related to the IPO process itself. On the Illyhome, I think, Bu Penis, you want to answer this one on the what is the target subscriber this year? Okay. Given the customer growth trend in the first semester 31, for the second semester 31, we target to add a few similar new customers, same as their first letter. But for the next year, depending on the situation, if the pandemic still ongoing, I think we get obstacles on the ground due to government mobility restrictions. So we need to be more proactive to make sure that we can get a quality customer, for example, like one contract. Because it's not easy to visit the customer or to offer the in-home to the customer with the self-worth and the permission to visit the house. I think Bu Penis' answer on this one. In terms of the demand, you see the demand still strong, we build demand up to next two years, remind very strong. From the, I think, installation right now, it really helps some, I think, because of the topics that are the same and so on. And also we try to increase the quality of our customer by having one year contract at least for minimum at the quality one. So this, I think, still, the market still promising. We try to increase, I think, efficiency and also productivity. And this already bring us to the good results in this year, for financial results, as mentioned by the panel. So that, I think, about the situation of in-home. Thank you very much. Thank you. We have a follow-up from Mikko Hoganani, from DRI Analexa. Please go ahead. Yes, thanks very much. So, I wanted to talk about the progress on the 23 megahertz spectrum reform. When this will be finalized, and, yeah, you expect to switch on this frequency. The additional frequency of the megahertz. And may I ask on the guidance. It's a bit open for interpretation. It is about 25% of your revenue, excluding 5G capex. What does this actually mean? I mean, I understand that the current investments are also going to be used for 5G. This is my understanding. How to see this, yeah? To see this statement in the guidance. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, Nicole, I will answer this to the first question. I think in some of the projects for the refinement of the reallocation from the 3.3 spectrum, still ongoing, hopefully the end of September will be finished. So, basically what Henry mentioned is 25% including the 5G actually. So, I think that's the outlook because the 5G capex also remain still conservative. It's still in terms of the implementation of the 5G. All right. Fine. So, just to follow up, that means that maybe 5G investments can be more intensified maybe going forward maybe next year and that that capex sales ratio may have to increase in the following years. I think in terms of the 5G implementation, we have to wait until the spectrum, especially 7.3 and 6.5. But currently, 2.3 is only limited countries with the 2.3 spectrum. And for me, I think that cellcom cell will deploy quite a much, I think the minimum checklist may be with 2.3. Right. Right. Thanks. Maybe I can switch one more thing. With regards to Mitratel, is the telecom cell planning to transfer more assets to Mitratel in the foreseeable future? Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Juanito. On the transfer of the tower, yes, it is in the plan of cellcom cell because I think that cellcom cell want to focus on the business, not necessarily, basically, make it affect any more. And then we are suddenly in the process of finalizing the transfer of 4,000 towers to Mitratel. If you ask about it, I think how much is going to cost, I think it is time to the status and smart that we have in the market, which is supposed to be a plus on that one. So, we are soon going to APA, basically, I think, go to APA, but it is already in the plan of the company. Okay. So, just to confirm this, this is 4,000 new towers. In addition to the 6,000 towers already been cast in the past, right? Yes. Yes. This is . We are supposed to have around, Mitratel supposed to have around 28,000 towers after this additional 4,000. Nice. And you recently transferred 1,000 towers from Telcom or is it from Telcom cell? We have what is called in-brain transfer of towers from Telcom to Mitratel. This is not included in the 10,000 that you mentioned. Okay, okay. And what is the tenancy ratio of these 4,000 towers? I think we will see it for APA. The situation right now, I think the tenancy ratio of this ratio is around 1.65. Yeah. 1.57. 1.57. I'm sorry. 1.57. This tower, if you see the contribution of the tower, can be set half in Java and the rest in the outside of Java. Of course, I think this gives us quite a significant potential to increase the tenancy. All right. Thank you so much for having. Thank you for your feedback. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line. This is Samuel Zilfman Alliance. Thank you, sir. All right, management. Thank you for the opportunity. Three questions here. The first question is on the guidance of a dividend policy, if you have any, understanding that might be coming up. I want to hear your thoughts on the dividend first. Thank you. Okay. Question on the dividend policy. Basically, we need to see the return, what they expected, and what they expected and what it would be. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Okay. Question on the dividend policy. Basically, we need to see the return, what they expected, and what they expected, and in the market for the investment that you guys make on us on this one. Of course, we won't bother to make the situation. Of course, this is not the... Right now, we are not ready to talk about this. This might be next year. It's too early to talk about this one. But the intention of the company is to want to give the right return to our shareholders. Okay. Thank you. So, the next question is on this venture fund, NDI, that you guys have. I just want to understand a bit of a style. Are you guys more like SoftBank, where you will eventually exit? Or is this more of a... Because I noticed most of the investees are part of your verticals as well. Or do you guys plan to be a long-term investor for your portfolio companies? Thank you. Well, actually, it's been a... I think for that, but... I just want to emphasize that this is... We are not going to be like SoftBank. SoftBank is... Actually, it's... In fact, in... And mostly, or if not all, they are seeking the capital gains. What we do with NDI is... Is... Is... Is... One is the first... We are seeking the capital gains. But... Similarly, we also... Looking at... What is the potential synergy and B2B... With... Can be able to... With a member of a company... They will not take a group. Or can be also the other SOE. So... So... I think... Uh... I think... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... of it is very important, but is exit, like is holding, you know, 20, 30 percent, I don't know if you guys are holding 20, 30 percent, but is holding a stake in the company a necessary step to cement that relationship, or, you know, once you've been working with them for a while and you grew them in the beginning, or is that sufficient by itself? I think the more important is, as I said, is also, what kind of synergy, or can we do the reason that we have, but it's quite promising, and we believe it's something that's good for us, and we can continue the promise as we can. So, I think that's the way we do the investment in MBI. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. So, my last question is on the fixed segment, the token segment overall. I noticed that EBITDA margin is now very close to 50 percent. I noticed that if I take the whole segment, the operating margin is 25, 20, like mid-20, so that means EBITDA margin is probably low 30s, if not higher. Would you be able to give us some guidance on, you know, over the long term, between Prop Japan, Enterprise, and Wholesale, which is probably mostly just towers and IDCs? What kind of EBITDA margin, or what kind of margin in general are we looking for for each sub-segment? Thank you. Thank you for the question. I think a very nice question and sort of answer. But I think overall, we're quite late with the non-cellular margin right now. If you see in the home, we have a very good margin here. If you ask whether we can increase the margin, the margin right now that we have, of course, from the business that we have, and then they also buy their own, I think, services they provide on that one. So, we need to balance between the sub-segment margin and also the long term, I think, sustainability of our business by having more, I think, sticky customers here. I think with this margin that we have, we are very happy with this. We try to unlock the business by having more customers and more sticky. I think with this, hopefully, all are planning well. Even we can have a better margin if there are opportunities, as I say. But I think in this moment, by drawing the size of the business with the same margin that already very good. And then, in the other, in the area of enterprise, we have about the data margin around 10 on this one. So, we know this is related to the expertise that we have built, and so on. We have said this also going to increase by having more, I think, service on this one. So, in the long run, we hope this, I think, investment also going to increase the margin. In the power business, of course, as we are going to be understood, they have to have, I think, quite comparable margin. So, I think that's the extent that we have addressed. With that, I think, combination, we do have, I think, quite a good margin and sustainability over the other time. Okay. Thank you. So, maybe just a follow-up. On a long-term basis, maybe on a five-year basis, would it be fair to say that the fixed segment, each of that margin, is probably 35%, 40% once you reach the scales in the target business ratio? Or would it be more similar to the weather we have right now, around the low, mid-30s? I think, I think, it is supposed to improve, but more granular, yeah, I think. We know that, I think, for Indie Home, we are going to have more competitors, right, on this one. So, we need to also, I think, depend on our market as well, on this one. I think, it is going to improve, but I think more granular. Okay. Alright. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Is there enough for the questions? I would like to send the call back at the end. Please, go ahead. Thank you, AJ. And thank you everyone for participation in today's call. We apologize for those whose presence was not yet right here. So, if you have any participants, please don't hesitate to watch this episode. Thank you everyone. Thank you, AJ. Thank you. Thank you everyone. Thank you everyone. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your participation in all the disconnect now. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you all.