Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Intel Chile's third quarter and nine months 2021 results conference call. My name is Victor, and I will be your operator for today. During this conference call, we may make statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements reflect only our current expectations, are not guaranteed of future performance, and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. These factors are described in Intel Chile's press release reporting its third quarter and nine months 2021 results. The presentation accompanying this conference call and Intel Chile's annual report on Form 20-F include under risk factors. You may access our third quarter and nine months 2021 results press release and presentation on our website, www.nll.cl, and our 20-F on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on those forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Intel Chile undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements or to disclose any development as a result of which these forward-looking statements become inaccurate, except as required by law. I will now turn the presentation over to Ms. Isabella Clemens, Head of Investor Relations of Intel Chile. Please proceed. Thank you, Victor. Buenos dias. Good morning and welcome to Intel Chile's third quarter 2021 results presentation. Thanks to all for joining us today. I am Isabella Clemens, the Head of Investor Relations. Let me remind you that our presentation and related financial information are available on our website, www.nll.cl, in the Investors section and in our app Investors. In the final of the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions via phone or chat through the link Ask a Question. Joining me this morning are CEO Paulo Palocci and our CFO Giuseppe Chialelli. In the following slides, Paulo will open the presentation with the main highlights of our strategy and operational performance of the quarter. Then Giuseppe will go through our financial results. A replay of the call will also be available. And as always, our IR team will be available to provide you with any other detail that you need. Also, let me remind you that media participants are connected only in listening mode. Thank you all for your attention and let me hand over to Paulo. Paulo. Thank you, Isabella. Good morning and thanks for joining us. Let me start with the main highlights of the period of line number three. First, let me comment about the unusual situation of the Chilean electricity market. In terms of hydrology, the country is facing the driest calendar year of its history and as a consequence, the system has required and is still requiring an important support from thermal generations. At the same time, by the end of 2020 and the first months of 2021, Chile suffered a shortfall of Argentinian natural gas, followed by the rise of the LNG spot price. Considering this lack of resources in the system, since the first month of 2021, we put in place some actions to improve gas availability, buying additional LNG cargoes to supply our plants at first and then to save gas to the systems. During the first period of 2021, we have been the largest importer of LNG gas in the country. At the same time, we launched a force to improve the performance of our hydro plants to operate also with minimal conditions. Despite all the actions we put in place during 2021, the external scenario had worsened with escalation of commodity prices and very bad hydrology, especially in July and the first half of the year, leaving the authorities to put in place a preventive rational decree within two days, March 2022. Consequently, our margins remained affected. Within this challenging scenario, investing in renewables to diversify our matrix to reduce our exposure to the hydrology component has been confirmed as a priority. The presence of our 1.3 gigawatts of new projects under construction led to some site advancements, and during the last quarter, we also celebrated the start of the construction of the first green hydrogen pilot project in Chile and in Latin America, located in Mayanist. Our activity last week and ICE signed an agreement to bring to Chile the first mining electric truck. Additionally, today we have more than 10,000 wood heating systems replaced with safer, efficient and cleaner technologies as part of our efforts to support the contamination of the cities. We continue to develop our actions based on ESG Excel standards, allowing us, for instance, to leverage our expansion through ESG-linked financial instruments. Now move on page 4, our capacity in construction. We continue to develop our strategy towards a cleaner generation matrix. Renewable energy is the catalyzer for the energy transition and an essential pillar for our positioning in the market. During the last 18 months, we went through some heavy winds associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, other constraints in workers' displacement and closing of the border, and the bureaucracy of slowness for archeological permits, for instance. Nevertheless, without including COPLOS Congress, today we have 1.3 gigawatts of projects under construction, of which around 0.6 gigawatts have been already connected to the system at the end of September. At the end of this year, we are maximizing the last of the construction of the remaining projects, expecting to reach at least 900 megawatts to be connected into the grid. Additional 250 will be connected to the grid by first quarter 2022, and their output to food production will be finalized by first half 2022 for most of the projects. The construction of wind farm Renai Co. 2 will be finalized during 2022, considering the effort to move components of the wind facilities from the port to the site location. With reference to our JV on green hydrogen with ENI and other partners, we have recently started the construction of the first pilot project in Chile, and we expect it to be operational by second quarter 2022. We are fully convinced that along with renewable energy, green hydrogen will be an essential ally in the energy transition and faster the decarbonization process, including hard-to-date industries. Now let's move to decarbonization of the final consumer. Page 5. ENNX is a funding effort to displace polluting energy sources and promote the intensive use of electricity in the public and private sectors, accelerating an agenda that allows the electrification of industrial processes, fleets and public transport, as well as the implementation of energy efficiency meters in private and public buildings. Along with this trend, a great complement is the action in public transport. Chilean government committed to reaching 100% electric public transport by 2040, launched a funder to replace 1,640 buses in early 2021. At ENNX, we have participated in this process and have been awarded, together with our partners, with 991 electric buses, reinforcing our leadership position in public mobility in Chile, with a market share of 81%. In the field of private sector fleets, together with the mining company SQM, we have presented the first 30 tons electric mining truck, with incorporation of six electric buses for transportation of the employees. ENNX is also implementing the necessary charging infrastructures for the operations. This is an important aspect for the mining industry in Chile, where a complete process has been made in mitigating emissions at the core of the mining operations. Regarding the decarbonization of homes and final consumers, we have achieved the milestone of replacing 110,000 wood stoves with efficient electrical air conditioning equipment in Chile. This initiative reduces CO2 emissions and improves the well-being of our citizens and communities, benefiting more than 40,000 people. Finally, in the field of efficient lighting in our cities, ENNX expanded and consolidated presence in regions with the work of the maintenance service of the public lighting system in municipalities of Temuco, with more than 32,000 public lightings that allow us to reach 340,000 points of light, of which 50% correspond to projects carried

solarized, a which 50% corresponds to projects carried out outside Santiago, driving our city efficiently and increasing the sexiest destinations. Now let's go to network basics. Energy distribution improvement reflects the arrangement of the sanitary conditions, showing a partial recovery when comparing to the previous year. Our efforts and investments have allowed to increase the quality of our service, resulting in lowering Saidi by 16%. Our investment in digitalization continues to improve the contact channels with our clients. In this period, almost 90% of our contacts with our clients have been executed through digital channels. Let's now move to the basic service load. Within this extension until 31st December 2021, the application of such a law is still affecting the level of overdue debt. As of September, the overdue debt reached $180 million. In order to minimize this impact, we continue to promote payment agreements with the aim of reducing the overdue accounts. By September 2021, in more than one year, we have reached more than 58,000 payment agreements with our clients, of which 53% correspond to the basic service load. Moving to collections, the ongoing process for the updates to SAP ISO of our billing system, as an important leap in the digital transformation process of our company, has temporarily worsened our KPI versus previous quarters. We expect a normalization of the collection rate during the next quarter. A quick update on regulations. On distribution, we expect that the consultant report on the reference model will be released during November. If this date is confirmed, the final report could be issued early next year. Continuing the challenge of potential discrepancy to be expanded, the final distribution tariff decrease is expected to be released during mid-2032. On transmission, we have entered into the expert panel phase. All discrepancies relating to the final reordering effort on the transmission system for the period 2020-2023 were already presented. As a result, we expect that the new VAT shall be published early 2023. Thank you. And now I will hand over to Giuseppe. Thanks, Paolo. Let me start with a summary of our financial highlights on slide 8. Before starting, let me explain the extraordinary effect of the period. 2021 adjusted EBITDA and net income considered the effect arising from the coal stock impairment associated to Bocamina II and the voluntary retirement program announced last quarter. The coal stock impairment and the voluntary retirement program had an aggregated effect of $56 million and $39 million, respectively, in EBITDA and at the bottom line in accumulated figures. In the third quarter of 2021, the coal stock impairment amounted to $11 million in EBITDA and $8 million in the group's net income. For accumulated figures in 2020, the adjustment coming from the coal stock impairment is $22 million in EBITDA and the net effect of the impairment of Bocamina II is $659 million at the bottom line. All the details are described in the bottom of this slide. Now, on CAPEX deployment on slide 9. 2021 accumulated CAPEX reached $735 million, largely devoted to the construction of our new renewable capacity. Customer CAPEX totaled $49 million, mainly allocated to build new connections and to implement the new commercial system. Asset management CAPEX reached $86 million, 21% higher than nine months 2020, mainly due to the maintenance of new high voltage projects awarded in 2021 and other digitalization projects. Development CAPEX reached $600 million, largely driven by our renewable expansion program and development of our distribution business to continue the digitalization of our network. Let's now start with the third Q adjusted EBITDA breakdown on slide 10, that accounted $93 million, 71% lower versus 2020 figures, mainly due to higher PPA sales in the third Q 2021, primarily explained by the new agreement started in 2021 with mining companies as Anglo American and BHP. The adjustment due to the indexation and the new contract coming from NLD distribution free customer portfolio at the beginning of the year. Hydrology, lack of Argentinian gas and higher LNG international prices explained the main variances of this quarter that demanded us to increase the volume of purchases at a higher prices versus last year. Let me explain in challenge that are included in the slide. Spot purchases volume represented a variation of almost $120 million and mainly explained by the lower hydro generation. Spot purchases cost represented an increase of around $90 million. Variable production cost partially offset by the aging contracted for the year represented a variance of around $100 million. In gas margin represented a positive variance of $6 million in our EBITDA as an increase of our natural gas trading activity in the market. Following the chart, we have also in the period variances coming from a recovery of the third Q 2021 demanded in distribution business, mainly in the regulated customer due to the release of the lockdown measures in the step-by-step government plan. Network remuneration mainly related to the provision on lower remuneration on distribution type, which should be retroactive to November 2020 and in the lower remuneration of transmission type as a result of the indexation of the tariff. Other aspects accounted for $18 million, mainly related to a higher NLGDDA in the quarter, mainly due to the public lightning by business, lower penalty and compensation costs in distribution business due to a better quality indicators and the temporary effect during the third Q 20 on reading services costs due to the logistic restrictions. Let's move now to slide 11, where we have the summary of nine-month adjusted EBITDA breakdown accounting for $536 million, 39% lower versus 2020 figures. As you can see, the main effects are the same that we presented in the third Q. Higher PPA sales in the nine-month 2021 due to the new agreement already mentioned, which started in 2021. Higher spot purchases volume during the nine-month with an effect of $160 million. The increase in the spot price due to the drought and for the commodity availability and other higher commodity prices in the international market represented an impact of $151 million. The variable generation cost, mainly impacted by the third quarter results, offset by the commodity coverage of around $8 million, totaled $45 million in the period. The already mentioned gas wholesale effect with a positive impact in the BDA of $17 million. The distribution business has had a recovery of the demand due to the flexibility of the lockdown with an effect of $5 million in the BDA. A negative $33 million on network remuneration related to the expected lower distribution and transmission tariffs. And other accounted for $7 million, mainly due to the new contract agreement booked in the first Q 2021 with NLD distribution unions. Now on slide 12, let's go through the main driver of our group net income. DNA and debt reached $223 million, a variance of $42 million, mainly related to lower DNA in NL generation.

42 milioni di dollari, principalmente relativi a un minor DNA in generazione, dovuto a impiamenti, principalmente in Boca Miata in 2020, e un minor DNA in EGPA, dovuto a depreciamento dei pesi cileni in periodo. Nei risultati finanziari, un totale di un'esperienza di 165 milioni di dollari, un aumento di 47 milioni di dollari, principalmente dovuto a costi più alti, principalmente relativi a un'esecuzione di fattori in generazione business su un meccanismo di stabilizzazione, costi più alti, principalmente dovuti a una base di servizio più bassa, e un'esperienza finanziaria più alta capitalizzata durante il 2021. I costi di entrata riflettono l'impatto relativo al DNA più basso, costi finanziari più alti e costi di tax più alti nel quarto, dovuto a una correzione monetaria più alta nel periodo. Come risultato, l'adattamento del 9 mese 2021 ha raggiunto 104 milioni di dollari. L'adattamento del 9 mese 2021 ha raggiunto una perdita di 13 milioni di dollari, principalmente spiegato dal risultato del DNA più basso nel quarto, per le ragioni menzionate nella precedente slide, parzialmente compensato dal tax più basso, principalmente dovuto ai risultati prima di tax e alla correzione monetaria dovuta all'inflazione più alta nel paese rispetto all'ultimo periodo. Spostandoci al flusso di cassa sulla slide 13. Il 9 mese 2021 ha raggiunto 309 milioni di dollari, 45% più basso rispetto ai risultati dell'anno precedente, principalmente dovuto a un DNA più basso, dovuto al già menzionato impatto del prezzo del spot e dell'idrogeno, costi di tax più alti durante il 9 mese 2021, principalmente relativi a misure COVID-19 durante il 2020 che hanno posticipato parte del pagamento del tax di corporate in 2021, pagamenti di tax fiscal più bassi durante il 2020 e una depreciamento di peso scadente alla fine del 2020 che ha generato guadagni risultanti in pagamenti di tax più alti durante l'anno. Un'esperienza finanziaria più alta, principalmente spiegata dal costo del fattore di stabilizzazione del meccanismo di account. Tutti questi effetti sono stati parzialmente compensati dal capitale di network più alto rispetto al 2020, principalmente spiegato dal fattore di stabilizzazione in entrambi i business di generazione e distribuzione, che ha contato per quasi 300 milioni di dollari, una linea di trasmissione di circa 28 milioni di dollari nel 2021, un impatto più basso dalla stabilizzazione dei prezzi del metano nel 2021 rispetto al 2020, dovuto alla depreciamento del peso scadente. Parzialmente compensato dalle vendite di e-buses durante il 9 mese del 2020, un effetto temporale in collezione nel 2021, principalmente dovuto all'implementazione di un nuovo sistema commerciale. Lasciatemi andare al nostro deck sulla slide 14. Il nostro grosso debito è aumentato di circa 700 milioni di dollari rispetto al dicembre 2020, ammontando a 4,7 milioni di dollari, a causa di nuove emissioni nel periodo con Enel Finance International e terze parti. Le nuove emissioni, tutte SBG-linked, che considerano come KPI le emissioni di CO2 della nostra flotta di generazione entro il 2023, sono principalmente relative all'esecuzione di capex. Quindi ora abbiamo il 14% del nostro totale grosso debito SBG-linked. Il nostro piano è di continuare a perseguire questo tipo di linea di debito che sta guardando il nostro movimento verso una matrice più pulita. In termini di debito di amortizzazione, la nostra scaduta rimane sostenibile, con un averaggio di 6 anni e con il costo sostanzialmente allineato con i risultati dell'anno scorso. Finalmente, in termini di liquidità, le nostre figure danno flessibilità per affrontare potenziali difficoltà nel mercato. E ora, a pagina 15. Da primo quarto di quest'anno abbiamo anticipato la nostra visione interna di idrologia per il Cile. Come mostrato in questa slide, il performance idrologico è correlato al periodo più asciutto che abbiamo affrontato per il Cile e non c'è prospettiva di un'altra stagione. A questo scenario, che ha richiesto un livello di generazione termica nazionale molto più alto, la mancanza di gas naturale argentino, combinato con il rapido aumento dei prezzi di gas nel mercato, ha esposto noi a un mix non competitivo di generazione e prezzi di spostamento più alti. Perciò abbiamo rivisto il nostro numero per esprimere questo aggiornamento in diversi scenari per riflettere l'evoluzione di alcune variabili. Questa studiata ci ha portato a prevedere le figure EBIDA 2021 tra 0,8 e 0,9 milioni di dollari, implicando una valutazione di circa 300 milioni di dollari rispetto alle nostre guide e ai risultati del quarto scorso. Non vediamo una deviazione essenziale del CapEx, perché la parte più significativa del nostro CapEx di sviluppo è stata deployata nei prossimi mesi. Nel nostro punto di vista, l'aggiustamento del scenario 2021 non è un'azione strutturale. Crediamo fortemente che la nostra strategia di aumentare la capacità rinnovabile ridurrà significativamente l'esposizione alla commodità e all'idro nei prossimi anni. Paolo, vi lascio a te per le conclusioni. Grazie, Esecutivo. L'esecuzione del nostro piano di investimento rimane la nostra priorità e chiave per portare flessibilità e resilienza al nostro portfolio attuale. L'anno scorso, il regolatore ha presentato una proposta per definire un nuovo framework per la regolazione dell'elettrico. Le aziende e le associazioni hanno messo i loro feedback sulla proposta e aspettiamo la versione finale di questa regolazione, che sarà pubblicata il mese prossimo. Questo è un passo importante per l'innovazione della tecnologia di stoccaggio che porta resilienza e flessibilità al sistema. Continueremo a supportare i nostri clienti e le comunità per accelerare la electrificazione del loro uso di energia per raggiungere l'ambizione di net zero. La nostra strategia continuerà a essere deployata sotto i più alti standard ESG. Per esempio, siamo stati premiati nella reportata 2021 come la migliore azienda in termini di report e valori e riconoscimento in un PWC come una delle aziende con la migliore pratica in governance corporativa in Cile. Grazie per l'attenzione. Ora passiamo alla sessione Q&A. Per fare una domanda in questo momento, premi il tasto 1 sul tuo telefono e per ritirare la tua domanda, premi il tasto pound. Ancora una volta, il tasto 1 per le domande, il tasto 1 per le domande. La prima domanda viene da Javier Suarez di Medio Banca. Cominciate. Grazie. Buongiorno e grazie per la presentazione e per le mie domande. Ho tre domande. La prima è ovviamente sulla margine per l'attività di generazione in questo quarto che è stata affettuata da Hydro e da la mancanza di gas argentino e le prezzi internazionali molto alte. Quindi mi chiedo se potete darci un aggiornamento sulla vostra strategia di fornire gas naturale per i prossimi quarti perché ovviamente questo sarà molto rilevante per la vostra profittabilità in caso di condizioni di Hydro che continuano a essere difficili. Quindi qualsiasi guida su un'azione manageriale per migliorare la fornitura di gas naturale per il prossimo quarto e magari mitigare questo impatto negativo potrebbe essere utile. La seconda domanda è sulle PPI durante il terzo quarto. C'è stata una deteriorazione nella collezione. Penso che avete menzionato la presentazione quindi potete gentilmente elaborare sulla ragione per quella deteriorazione nella collezione. E la terza domanda è sulla slide 13, 12 e 13 sulla vostra strategia di factoring, il factoring per il meccanismo di stabilizzazione. Se potete aiutarci a capire come questo funziona e come questo viene raccontato. Grazie. Grazie Javier per le vostre domande. Prenderò le prime due e la seconda insieme a quello che ha detto. Riguardo alla strategia di gas, vi darò un aggiornamento sulla situazione. A partire dalla fine di settembre, molto presto in ottobre, il gas argentino è stato disponibile per il mercato cileno. Quindi abbiamo iniziato

available for the Chilean market. So we started to import to pipes. Argentina gas production continues until now, and just as an analysis, we don't have certainty 100%, but I can mention that today, the flow at the beginning of October started with an amount of 2.5 million cubic meters per day. And then now it's increased a little bit. We have, together with other players in the sector, in the Chilean market, we have firm contracts with Argentinian counterparts. And considering the current situation and considering that during recent times, the pressure on energy demand in Brazil is a little bit lower, demand from outside, so the import from Argentina to Brazil, we see some more stability for the availability of the Argentine gas. It's hard to mention how it relates, but it is a relief within this situation. And for additional elements, during this period, we are analyzing our negotiation with our counterpart in the LNG gas contract in order to define the availability of delivery for vessels for the next years, starting from early 2022. This is important because we are working to cover all the periods for 2022, including the early months where maybe the impact of growth is higher. And usually, if you look at the standard year, we used to, let's say, burn all the Argentina gas. Now we are doing, let's say, a more equilibrated approach on this availability. Usually we are looking also at other elements in terms of gas availability. The other element that I would like to mention is that the issuing of the Russian decree by the minister and, let's say, some agreements that we have signed with the local community in our water basins allow us also to keep the level of basin with a higher level, considering also the availability of Argentine gas, as I mentioned. So the outlook in the next months, even if the contribution of melting or the snow and rain is very, very limited, give us, let's say, some, let's say, I would say, not negative view for the next month. Clearly, everything is based on the next month's evolution, considering also that the commodity price still remains high, looking at the forward curve for the, let's say, end of the year, early 2022. Regarding collection, as we mentioned, Giuseppe and myself, we are in the process of upgrading our systems. So it is requiring the adequate time to migrate 2 million clients from one system to another and put everything in line and keep working properly. Clearly, at regime, we will gain a lot of in terms of speed and, let's say, precision and so on. So we can have, let's say, capabilities of elaborating issues, the bills in the quickest and more precise and adequate way. For the time being, we are working for finalizing this transition. We elaborated issues, the bills for the months of September. We are finalizing the months of October. So we will still have some weeks of delay that we are covering during November and December. Regarding factoring, I would leave the answer to Giuseppe. Yes. Well, let me say, first of all, that up to now, we sold $226 million of receivable coming from the price stabilization mechanism. And we have an agreement to sell up to around $350 million. So we have still a part of the credit that is going to be sold in the future. According to the release of the decree, because as I already discussed several times, we can sell the receivable only once the regulator will issue the decree in stating exactly how much credit each bank has in their portfolio. Having said that, the impact that we have in the profitability is pretty high because the discount of the receivable are made assuming a cash-in of the receivable the last moment of 2027. So it means that the time value of the money from 2027 till this year is pretty important. And the reason because we have such a high level of interest expense in this year that we made $226 million of factoring. So this is the reason. We have an agreement based on which if the receiver will be paid in advance, we have certain sharing. But in general, this is the reason because we have such an important amount of interest expense. Thank you. Once again, star one for questions. Our next question will come from Maurilo Ricini from Santander. Your line is open. Hello, Giuseppe and Isabella. Thanks for the call. I have some questions and sorry if I repeat any that has already been answered. Could you comment on the production of your solar facilities? Are they producing according to your estimates? And are you seeing some seasonal deviation in this regard? The second one is, are you having any deviation from CAPEX versus the expected guidance? And could we see a lower than expected CAPEX execution since most of it was left by the end of this year? And the last one, just to confirm the previous question about natural gas. You were not able to get more gas PAs during the past year. Is that right or I misunderstood something here? That's it from my side. Thanks. Hi, Maurilo. Thank you for your question. Regarding the production of solar facilities, let me comment that if we see the expected generation curve that we projected at the beginning of this year, beginning of 2021, clearly there is a remodulation. Remodulation due to the execution of the project that has been affected, especially in 2021, from events derived from the pandemic. So in some cases we had to wait until the opening of the borders to have people on board and working on the sites. And we managed, in this year, we managed very well all the problems regarding the delay in the permits from the geology. Now we are, let's say, almost at regime, even if clearly each site has its peculiarities. So what we are projecting is to have at least 900 megawatts already connected by the end of this year. The remaining, considering 1.3 gigawatts, the remaining 1250 connected in the early months of 2022. And the remaining plant, the only one in the south, is still requiring some more time because of transferring of the kit. So what I would say is that the work on site is advancing. We started to operate some megawatts that are already connected to the grid with a limited amount of dispersion. The full ramp-up will take place in the first part of 2022. We think as well to reach approximately

the expected level of CAPEX that we have forecasted for this year. And we are also working for opening additional working areas for new projects. So the activities, the activities are advancing. We are very focused on this development. And we don't expect to lower the CAPEX for this year. And we are preparing the new CAPEX plan for the following years. Regarding gas. Regarding gas, if you look backward what happened this year, clearly you have also to consider that the plan for dispatching our gas contract is discussed and agreed with the counterpart, let's say, in September. So at that time it was not possible to anticipate the shortage of Argentinian gas. So what happened, every player in the gas market in Chile was a lack of resources in the early 2021. So we managed, we anticipated the delivery of a ship. We managed to buy on the spot in the required amounts. And there was a lack of gas implemented because not all the players have been able to cover their gas. Clearly, starting from end of March, April, the delivery of shared gas was a regime. But considering the demand of July and August, especially the first 15 days of August, where the drought was very, very low, very big, so the system had not very much additional ship, additional gas had been bought and delivered early September. So this is, let's say, the situation backward. Looking forward, clearly we are managing to have a more equilibrated delivery of gas around 2022. This is a negotiation, a negotiation with the counterpart, and we have also taken into consideration the pressure on this sector at a global level. So it is a hard task that we are trying to cover because clearly our scope is to cover all the needs that we have in 2022. And once again, let's start one for questions, star one. One moment for questions. And I'm not showing any further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Isabella for any closing remarks. Thank you all for your attention to be here with us today. As I anticipated, we received questions that we have already received, but if you have any other questions or any other comments, please let us know. Just send us a message from the IR team. Many thanks for your attention and stay safe. Bye-bye. Thank you. Bye-bye. Thank you. Bye-bye. And this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

