 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our Ann Archioli Third Quarter and Nine
 month 2021 results conference call. My name is Victor and I will be your operator for today.
 During this conference call, we may make statements that constitute forward-looking statements
 within the means of the private security litigation reform act of 1995.
 Further looking statements reflect only our current expectations and are not guaranteed
 of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties.
 Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statement.
 as a result of various factors.
 These factors are described in MOTList's press release reporting.
 It's third quarter and nine months, twenty-twenty-one results.
 The presentation accompanying this conference call and MHUIS annual report on form 20F include under risk factors.
 You may access our third quarter and nine months' 2021 results press release and presentation
 on our website, www.nl.cl, and our 20F on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov.
 are cautioned not to place under reliance on those forward-looking statements, which
 which speak only as of their date.
 and Achievement takes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements or to disclose
 any development as a result of which these forward-looking statements become inaccurate,
 except as required by law.
 I will now turn that presentation over to Ms. Isabella Clemens, Head of Investor Relations
 of energy.
 Please proceed.
 Thank you, Victor.
 Good morning, and welcome to another series of reports
 of 2021 Results Presentation.
 Thanks to all for joining us today.
 I am Isabella Caini, the head of Investor Relations.
 Let me remind you that our presentation related
 information are available on our website www.nl.cl in the investors section and in our app investors.
 In the final of the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions via phone
 or check through the link at the question.
 Joining me this morning, our CEO, Paulo Paloggin, our CFO,
 In the following slides, we will open the presentation with the main highlights of our
 strategy and operational performance of the quarter.
 then use that to walk through our financial results.
 a replay of the call will also be available.
 And as always, our IR team will be
 continue available to provide you with another detail that you need.
 Also, let me remind you that media participants are connected only in listening mode.
 Thank you all for your attention and let me hand over to Paolo. Paolo?
 Thank you, Isabella.
 Good morning, and thanks for joining us.
 Let me start with the main highlights of the period design number three.
 First, let me comment about the unusual situation
 decilience and testimony.
 In terms of hydrology, the country is facing the driest calendar year of its history.
 And, as a consequence, the system has required, and is still requiring, an important support
 some term of generation.
 at the same time by the end of 2020 and the first month of 2021.
 Nick, South Hartley, Shortfall,
 of the Argentinian national gas forward by the rise of the LNG SPO price.
 Considering this lack of resources in the system, since the first month of 2021, we
 in place of actions to improve gas availability, buying additional energy and the cost to supply
 our plans for short-term and then to stay just to the system.
 During the first period of 2021, we have been the largest importer of energy gas in the country.
 At the same time, we launched a force to improve the performance of our idol prints.
 to operate also with minimal conditions.
 despite all the actions we put in place during 2021,
 The external scenario has worsened, with escalation of commodity prices and a very bad
 especially in the U.S. and the front outlaws leaving the authority to put in place a preventive
 rationing decree within due date, March 2022. Consequently, our margin remains affected.
 We need this challenging scenario, invest in renewables, to diversify our metrics, to
 to reduce our exposure to the erosion,
 Come on, it has been confirmed here, I am with you.
 reference to our 1.3G event of new project and the construction. Let's keep them tight
 our advance and during the last quarter we also celebrated the start of the
 consumption of the first green hydrogen pilot project in Chile and in Latin America, located
 in my years.
 Well, thank you for being with me last week, and I'd like to sign an agreement to bring
 to you.
 is the first mining electric truck. Additionally, today we have more than
 in 10,000 wood-eating systems, regulated with safer, efficient and cleaner technology,
 as part of our effort to support the contamination of the cities.
 We continue to develop our action based on the FGXL standard, allowing us, for instance,
 to leverage our expansion through SDG link financial history.
 Now moving on to patient 4.
 I work to find the new perspective.
 We continue to develop our strategy towards a cleaner generation of physics.
 renewable energy with the catalyzer for the energy transition and an essential pillar for our position in the market.
 during the last 18 months.
 You want to stop having me in the society?
 with the COVID-19 pandemic as constraints in workers displacement and closing of the border.
 And the bureaucracy is a slow method for archaeological purpose, for instance.
 Nevertheless, without including of Los Contras, today we have 1.3 GB of project and reconstruction,
 of which around 0.6 gigabatts have been already connected to the system by the end of September.
 But during this year, we are maximizing the level to advance the construction of the remaining project,
 expecting to reach, or at least, a night under the megawatt to be connected into the group.
 Addition of 250 will be connected to the grid by first quarter of 2022.
 and that have happened to food production,
 will be finalized by first of 2022 for most of the projects.
 The construction of wind farm of the NICO-2 will be finalized during 2032, considering
 the effort to move components of the wind facilities from the port to the site location.
 With reference to our JD on 3D animation with Alien and other partners, we have recently
 directed the construction of the first pilot project in Chile.
 And we expect it to be operational by the second quarter of 2022.
 Yes, we convinced that along the renewable energy, green hydrogen, will be essential
 of light in the energy transition, and further the carbonization process, we have to get
 at the end of this.
 Now let's move to the decarbonization of the final function.
 Page five.
 And then X is a family, which I thought, to this place,
 for the energy sources.
 and promotes the intent of use of electricity in the public and private sectors, accelerating
 Thank you.
 that allows the electrification of industrial processes, please, and public transport,
 as well as the implementation of energy efficiency measures,
 in private and public buildings.
 Along with this plan, a good complement is the action in public transport.
 Chilean government, committed to reaching 100% electric public transport by 2040,
 Launched the fender to replace 1,640 buses in early 2030 year.
 Other elects, we are participating in this process and have been awarded to the other
 of a fuckness.
 991 electric buses.
 reinforcing our leadership position in public mobility
 With a market share of 81% in the field of product sector fleets, together with the mining
 each other, yes, Quinn.
 We have presented the first 30 tons elective mining truck with incorporation of 6 elective
 in buses for transportation of the employees.
 A and an X.
 is also presenting the necessary charge in the infrastructure for the operations.
 This is an important aspect for the mining industry in Chile.
 You're welcome.
 The concrete process has been made in mitigating emissions at the core of the mining operations.
 Regarding the characterization of homes and financial consumers, we have achieved the
 the myosome of replacing one 10,000 volt source with an efficient electrical air conditioning
 equipment in Chile.
 initiative, reduce CO2 emissions, and improve the well-being of our city and communities,
 benefiting more than 40,000 people.
 people.
 Finally, in the sense of efficient lighting in our cities,
 and expand and consolidate, present in regions with the award of the maintenance service
 of the public lighting system in the municipalities of Temuco with more than 32,000 public lighting
 They don't allow us to reach...
 340,000 points overrides, on which 50% correspond to projects carried out outside Santiago, lighting
 our city efficiently and increasing the safety of the citizens.
 now let's go to network
 Thanks to you.
 energy distribution improvement reflects the ratio using the other side of the condition
 showing the past record when comparing to the previous year.
 Our efforts and investments have allowed to increase the quality of ourselves,
 starting in lowering side by 16 percent.
 Our investment in digitalization continues to improve the contact channels with our clients.
 In this period, almost 90% of our contacts with our clients have been executed through
 These are shoulders.
 Let's now move up to the cash-in service load.
 We need the extension. We need each extension.
 until 1st December 2021, the application of such a law is still affecting the level of overview debt.
 And of September, they will do that for each $180 million.
 In order to minimize this impact, we continue to promote payment agreements with the aim
 as reducing the overdue accounts by September 2021,
 In more than one year, we have reached more than 58,000 payment agreements with our clients
 on which 50% correspond to the best external slope.
 moving to collection
 The ongoing process for the update to stop the issue of our building system, as importantly
 in the digital transformation process of our company,
 a temporary war solution.
 Our TPI batches previous quarters.
 we expect a normalization of the collection rate
 during the next quarter,
 a quick update on regulation.
 On the solution, we expect that the consortium report
 on the reference model will be released during November.
 If this date is confirmed, the final report could be issued early next year.
 Continue the challenge of potential discrepancy to be ex-planers.
 The final distribution tariff decrease is expected to be raised during the year 2032.
 On submission, we have answered in the expert panel's case.
 All the discrepancies are starting to the final regulatory report on the transmission system
 for the period of 2020-23 were already presented.
 As a result, we expect that the new VAT shall be published early 2022.
 Thank you. And now, I will end over to you, sir.
 Thank you.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Let me start with the summary of our financial highlights on slide 8.
 Before starting, let me explain the extraordinary effect of the theorem.
 2021 adjusted EBITDA and net income considered the effect arising from the cold stock impairment
 associated to Bocamina 2, and the Voluntary Returning Program announced last quarter.
 The cost of Bocamina 2 has been reduced to $1,000,000, and the cost of Bocamina 2 has
 Stock impairment in the voluntary retirement program had an aggregated effect of 56 million
 dollar and thirty-nine million dollars, respectively, in Evida and at the bottom line in cumulative
 figures. In the third quarter of 2021, the coal stock
 increment amounted to $11 million in a bidon and $8 million in the group next income for
 accumulated figures in 2020, the adjustment coming from the cold stock environment is
 $22 million in EBITDA.
 And the net effect of the impairment of Bocconina 2
 is $659 million at the bottom line.
 all the details are described in the bottom of this slide.
 Now on Catech's deployment on slide nine.
 2021 accumulated capex which $735 million largely devoted to the construction of our new renewable capacity.
 customer topics totaled $49 million, mainly allocating to build new connection into implementing
 the new convention system.
 asset management topics reached $86 million, 21% higher than 9 months 2020, mainly due
 to the maintenance of a new high voltage project, awarding in 2021 another digitalization project.
 Development capex reached $600 million largely driven by our renewable expansion program
 and development of our distribution business to continue the digitalization of our network.
 Let's now start with the third queue, adjusted the data back down on slide 10, that accounted
 $93 million, 71% lower versus 2020 figures, mainly due to higher PPA sales in the third
 to 2021, finally explained by the new agreement started in 2021 with mining companies,
 for example, American in BHP,
 the adjustment due to the indexation, and the new contract coming from ML distribution
 free customer portfolio at the beginning of the year.
 Hydrology, lack of Argentinian gas, and higher LNG international targets explain the main
 embarrasses of this quarter that demanded us to increase the volume of purchases at a higher
 practice versus the last fear.
 Let me explain each element that are included in the slide.
 dot part uses volume, represented the variation of almost 120
 $1,000,000 explained by the lower hydro generation.
 pot purchasing cost, represented an increase of around $90 million, variable production
 cost partially offset by the ageing contracted for the year, represented a variance of around
 1.
 and the meaning of the Allah.
 Gas margin represents the positive variance of $6 million in our real life as an increase
 of our natural gas trading activity in the market.
 Following the chart, we have also in the period variance
 is coming from.
 A recovery of the third Q-2021 demand in the distribution business, mainly in the regulated
 customer due to the release of the lock-down measures in the step-by-step
 governments plan, not to ask for, as is the remuneration,
 mainly related to the provision on lower remuneration on distribution types, which should be retroactive
 to November 2020, and in the lower remuneration of transmission
 and the results of the indexation of the tally.
 Other aspects accounted for $18 million.
 mean neutrally into a higher NLXG dark in the quarter,
 immediately to the public lightning-bite business, lower penalty and compensation costs in distribution
 business due to a better quality indicators and a temporary effect during the 32-20 on
 reading services costs due to the logistic registry restriction.
 Let's move now to slide 11, where we have the summary of 9 months adjusted data breakdown
 accounting for $536 million. 39% lower versus 2020 figures. As you can see, the main effects
 of the same that you presented in the third Q.
 higher TPA sales in the 9 months 2021 due to the new agreement already mentioned, we
 which that begin to need to be won.
 I have bought part of this volume during the 9 months with an effect of $160 million.
 The increase in the spot price due to the drought and for the commodity but a bit and other higher
 commodity prices in the international market represented an impact of $151 million.
 The variable generation cost, nearly impacted by the third, fourth, or the tenth, or set
 by the commodity coverage of around $8 million, total $45 million in the period.
 We already mentioned gas voltage effect with a positive impact in the bidow of $70 million.
 The distribution business has had a recovery of the demand due to the flexibility of the
 of the lockdown, an effect of $5 million in dividend, and negatives for $3 million in
 network recombination related to the expected lower distribution in size, lower distribution
 and does mutual studies.
 and other accounted for $70,000 mainly due to the new contract agreement booked in the
 the first Q-2021 with the NLD solution unions.
 No.
 slide 12. Let's go through the main driver of our blockchain thing. DNA and the depth
 to reach $23,000,000.
 evidences of 42 million dollar, mainly related to lower DNA in n generation, due to the
 impairment made in Bocamele II in 2020, and lower DNA in the GPS due to depreciation
 in a single period.
 net financial results, total and expense of $165 million, an increase of $47 million
 a mini-youtube.
 higher cost, mainly related to de-factoring, executing, generation, business, and stabilization
 and make an impact on them.
 Higher client agreement means you to do basic service flow and higher financial expense
 kept alive during 2021.
 In contrast, reflect the impact related to the lower EBITDA.
 higher financial expense and higher tax credit in the quarter due to the higher monetary correction
 in the period.
 Is there a chance?
 The adjustment, nine months, twenty-twenty-one new thing can reach one hundred and four million
 or not.
 It's adjusted.
 Justin.
 First.
 2021 registered a losses of 13 million dollars, mainly explained by the lower bidder results
 in the quarters for the reason mentioned in the previous slide, partially upset by the
 lower income tax e-mailing due to the earnings before tax rentals and the monetary correction
 due to the higher inflation in the country versus last period.
 moving to the cash flow on slide 13.
 9 months 2021 FxO reached $309 million, 45% lower than previous year figures, mostly due
 due to lower EDDA, due to the redimensional hydrogen spot
 price effect.
 higher in contact during 9 months, 2021, mainly related to COVID-19 measures during 2020 that
 postpone part of the corporate tax payment to 2021, lower fiscal tax payment date during
 in 2020, and a chain-on-peso-sharp depreciation in the end of 2020 that generated gains resulting
 in higher tax payment during this year.
 An entire financial expense will be explained by the cost of the factoring of the financial
 Thank you.
 All the best.
 A very good day.
 I hope you enjoyed this video.
 Ah, yeah. All this is exactly where I'll set the...
 I'm at the higher networking capital.
 versus 2020, mainly spending by de-factoring in both generation and distribution business,
 accounted for almost $300 million.
 to the next video.
 Thank you very much.
 line sales in 2020 with the cash impact of $28 million in 2021, lower impact of stabilization,
 as necessary in 2021 versus 2020 due to depreciation of chain antennas.
 Partially or set-up?
 by sales of e-buses during nine months in 2020.
 A temporary asset in collection in 2021
 mainly due to the implementation of a new commercial system.
 Let me now go
 to our depth on slide 14.
 Our gross tax increase by around 700 million dollar basis December 2002 amounting to 4.7
 billion dollar as a result of new issues in the period with NL Finance International and
 third party.
 The new insurance, or SVG linked, which
 considered as KPI, the CO2 emission of our generation fleet by 2023, are mainly related
 to the cut-explain execution.
 Therefore, we now have 14% of our total gross debt as visually linked.
 Our plan is to continue to pursue this kind of deadline that is awarding our movement
 toward a cleaner matrix.
 In terms of depth amortization, our scale remains stable,
 with the neighborhood of six years,
 And we get cost essentially aligned with the last year to use.
 Finally, in terms of liquidity, our figures give us flexibility to face potential headwinds
 And now on page 15, since the first quarter of this year, we have been anticipated our
 internal view of the hydrology for Chile. As we show in this slide, the idle performance is
 Thank you very much.
 which correlated to the driest period we have faced for CHIA, and there is no perspective
 is far from the last year, of course.
 to this scenario, which demanded much higher national thermal generation level, the lack
 of Argentine and natural gas, cope with the sharp increase of LNG and the brain crisis
 expose ourselves to a non-competitive mix of generation and higher-spot prices.
 Therefore, we have revised our number to express this update
 advanced evolutionary to reflect the evolution of some variables.
 The study drove us to predict 2021 and draft the daily draft
 figures between 0.8 and 0.9 million dollars, implying an evaluation of around 300 million
 dollars.
 our guidance reported in the last quarter.
 We don't see essential deviation in CAPEX as the most significant part of our development
 copy is being deployed in the following mode.
 In our view, the 2021 scenario adjustment
 It is not a structure of web-1, we strongly believe that our strategy of increasing renewable
 capacity will significantly reduce the exposure to commodity and hydro in the following year.
 Now, I will end over to you for closing remarks.
 Thank you, Mr. Secretary.
 executing our investment plan will remain our priority and create to bring additional flexibility
 and receive it to our current portfolio.
 The last man, the regulator, presented the proposal to define a new framework for storage
 to the regulation of the electrical system.
 companies and associations have needed their feedbacks on the proposal and we are waiting
 for the final version of this regulation,
 expected to be published in the next month.
 This is an important step for the improvement of the unit of scientific technology,
 having resilience and flexibility into the system.
 We will continue to support our clients and communities to accelerate the sophistication
 of the energy used in order to reach the net zero ambition.
 Our strategy will continue to be deployed under the highest ESG standards.
 For example, we have been awarded in foreign reports at 2021 at the best company in terms
 of reporting and parables, and recognition in a PWC study as one of the companies with
 best practice in corporate governance in China.
 Thank you for your attention.
 Now let's move into the Q&A session.
 That's a question at this time.
 Put your press star one on your telephone and to withdraw your question, just press the
 p-
 key.
 Once again, let's start one for questions.
 One more for questions.
 Our first question will come from the mind of Javier Suarez from MedioBitBanca.
 You may begin.
 Thank you.
 and thank you for the presentation and for taking my questions as well.
 I have three questions.
 The first one is obviously on the margin for the generated activity, this quarter, that
 has been affected by hydro, and I guess that the company is a taker, and also by the lack
 of Argentinian gas and very high international gas prices.
 So, I was wondering if you can give us an update on your natural gas supply strategy.
 And I'll look for the next couple of quarks because obviously that is going to be very
 relevant for your profitability in terms of higher conditions continues to be difficult.
 So any guidance on managerial action to improve natural gas supply for the next quarter on
 maybe mitigate that negative impact to be helpful.
 Well, second question is on the TPI in the third quarter.
 there has been some deterioration on the collection.
 I think you mentioned that in the presentation.
 So you can kindly elaborate on the reason for that deterioration
 in the collection.
 And the third question is on a slide under 13, 12 and 13
 on your factorings, the strategy of your factorings
 for the stabilization mechanism,
 you can help us to understand how this is, and this is working, and how that is accounted.
 Many thanks.
 Okay. Thank you, Javier, for your questions.
 So, I will take the first two and the second one and we will imagine together which is
 and religious epithets regarding the Catholic strategy, just give you an idea of what is
 date on the situation, starting from the end of September, say, very early October, the
 and gas, Argentina gas has been available for the Chilean market.
 So we started to import two pipes, Argentinians,
 that is continuing until now and just as an analysis,
 we don't have, let's say, certain, this is one of the percent,
 But I can mention that today the flow, the flow, the beginning of October started in
 in the amount of 2.5 million cubic meters per day.
 And then, as time now is increasing in the bit, we have, together with our players in the sector,
 in the Chile market, we have a foreign contract, we have Argentina contract parts, and continue
 in the current situation and consider that during the recent times the pressure on energy
 The demand in Brazil is a little bit lower, demand from outside, so they bought it from
 from Argentina to Brazil, we see some more stability for the availability of the Argentiagas.
 It's hard to mention how it relates, but it is, let's say, a relief within this situation.
 And for additional elements during this period, we are analyzing our negotiations with our
 counterpart in the LNG gas contract in order to define the availability of delivery for
 investors for the next years, starting from early 2022.
 is important because we are working to cover all the periods for 2022, including the, let's
 say the early months where maybe the impact of growth is higher and usually if you look
 We used to, let's say, burn all the Argentina gas now we are doing, let's say, a more
 equilibrated the approach on this, on this availability.
 We are looking also at other elements in terms of gastrovalability, the other elements that
 that I would like to mention is that the issuing of the Russian decree by the new minister
 And, let's say, some agreement that we assign with the local community in our water basins,
 allow us also to keep the level of basing with a higher level, consider also the value
 of Argentina, as I mentioned. So, it is the absolute thing the next month, even if they
 The contribution of men still get all the snow, and rain is very, very limited, give
 you guys, let's say something, I would say not negative view for the next month.
 Clearly, everything is based on the next month's evolution.
 also that the commodity price still has to be and remain high looking at the forward
 for the end of the year early 2022.
 regarding collection as we mentioned, to say to myself,
 we are in the process of upgrading our systems.
 So it is requiring the adequate time to migrate to a million clients from one system to another
 and put everything in line and keep working properly.
 Clearly, at the regime we will gain a lot in terms of speed and precision and so we can
 and have the capability of elaborating, issuing the bills in the quickest, more precisely,
 in a more adequate way.
 For the time being, we are working for finalizing this transition.
 We elaborated this with the bill for the month of September.
 We are finalizing the month of October, so we need to have some weeks of delay that we
 we have calling during November and December.
 Regarding the factoring, I would leave the answer to the subject.
 Thank you very much.
 What?
 Let me say first of all that...
 But up to now, we sold $226 million of receivables coming from the price stabilization method.
 And we have an agreement to sell up to around 350, so we have still part of the crazed
 that is going to be in the future.
 According to the release of the decree before long,
 As we discussed earlier, we can sell the receivable only once the regulator will issue the decree
 and stating exactly how much credit each bank has in their portfolio.
 having said that the impact that we have in the topical law is pretty high because the discount
 of the receivable are made assuming a question of the receivable in the last moment of 2027.
 So, it means that the time value of the money from 2017 to this year is pretty, pretty important
 And the reason is because they have a such high level of interest
 expensive, you know, this year that we made $226 million of
 You have to.
 Please, there you go.
 Vieda
 I mean Vieda
 Ehhhhh
 agreement based on which if the restore will will be paid in advance so we have
 certain, you know, pre-sharing, but in general, this is the reason because yes, such an important
 amount in this inter-existence.
 Interesting. Many thanks.
 Thank you.
 Once again...
 star one for questions.
 Our next question will come from Murray Lo Rissini from Santander.
 Your line is open.
 I'm Paolo Giuseppe and Isabella.
 Thanks for the call.
 I have some questions and sorry if I repeat any that has already been answered.
 Could you comment on the production of your solar facilities?
 Are they producing accordingly to your estimates?
 And are you seeing some seasonal deviation in this regard?
 The second one is, aren't having any deviation from CAPEX versus the expected guidance and
 Could we see a lower than expected topics execution
 seen most of the project by the end of this year.
 And the last one, just to confirm the previous question
 about natural gas, you were not able to get more gas
 the case during the past year.
 Is that right, or is there something here that is on my side?
 Hi, Nuryu. Thank you for your question.
 Regarding the production of solar facilities, let me comment that if we do, if we see the
 expected generation curve that we projected at the beginning of this year, beginning of 2021,
 an athlete that is a remodulation.
 relation due to the execution of the project that has been affected, especially in 2021,
 from events derived from the pandemic.
 So we, in some cases, we had to wait until the opening
 the borders to end people on board and working on the sites and we manage this year, we manage
 as well as the old department regarding the delay in the permits from the archaeology.
 Now we are, let's say, almost at regime, even if clearly, each side has its peculiarities.
 So, what we are projecting is 12, at least 900 MHz already connected by the end of the
 year.
 The remaining, considering 1.3 giga, the remaining 252 connected in the early months of 2022.
 And the remaining plant, the only one in the south, is still requiring some more time because of transferring of the kit.
 So what I would say, indeed, that the work on site is a fine thing,
 We start to operate some megabits that are really connected to the grid,
 the amount of the preparation.
 the
 We take place in the first part of 2022.
 We think as well to, let's say, to reach approximately the expected level of capex that we have, let's say, forecast for this year.
 And we are also working for opening additional working hours for new projects.
 So the activity, the activities are advancing.
 We are very focused on these developments and we don't expect to lower the capes for this year
 We are preparing the new traffic plan for the next, for the following years.
 years.
 regarding gas. Regarding gas, if you look backward what happened this year, clearly you have also
 consider that the plan for dispatching our gas construct is discussed and agreed with the
 counterpart, let's say, in September. So, at that time, it was not possible to anticipate,
 it's in the shortage of Argentinian gas.
 So what happened to every player in the gas market in Chile is that there was a lack of resources in the early 2021.
 So we manage it.
 to anticipate delivery of ship.
 we managed to buy on the spot in the required amounts, and there was the lack of gas, if
 main place because not all the players have been able to call it yet. Clearly starting
 from end of March, April, the delivery of shell gas was a regime, but continuing the
 the month of July and August, especially the first 15 days of August, where the draft
 was very, very, not very, very big.
 So they into the system very much additional ship, additional beds have been bought and
 delivered early September.
 So do you have, let's say, the situation backward?
 Looking forward to lately we are managing to have a more
 if you neglected the delivery of gas along 2022.
 You need a negotiation, a negotiation with a concept part, and you have also taken some
 consideration of what the pressure on this sector at a global level, so it is an art
 touch that we are trying to cover because this is our scope we need to cover all the
 that we are in 2060.
 Anything's follow-up?
 and one for dinner.
 It's star one for questions, star one.
 one moment for questions.
 I'm not showing any further questions in the queue.
 I'd like to turn the call back over to Isabella for any closing remarks.
 Thank you all for your attention to be here with us today.
 As I'm anticipating, we will receive questions.
 Sorry.
 questions that we have already received, but if you have any other questions or any other
 comments, please let us know. Just send us a message from this IR team. Many
 Thank you for your patience and stay safe. Bye-bye.
 Thank you. Bye. Bye. Thank you. Bye. Bye
 And this concludes our conference call for today.
 Thank you for your participation.
 You may now disconnect. Have a great day.