 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our Enochile third quarter and nine months
 2021 results conference call.
 my name is Victor
 and I will be your operator for today.
 during this
 conference call
 we may make statements that constitute forward-looking statements
 within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 5. Such forward-looking statements reflect only our current expectations, are not guaranteed
 of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties.
 Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in the forward lifting statements.
 as a result of various factors.
 factors.
 factors are described in MLT Lid's press release reporting its third quarter and nine months
 2021
 results.
 The presentation accompanying this conference call
 and MLT's annual report on Form 20F
 include under-risk factors.
 You may access our third quarter and nine months 2021 results press release
 and presentation on our website
 www.no.cl
 and are 20F on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov.
 Readers are cautious not to place under-reliance on those forward-looking statements, which
 speak only as of their dates
 NO Chile undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements
 or to disclose any development as a result of which these forward-looking statements become inaccurate,
 it, except as required by law.
 I will now turn that presentation over to Ms. Isabella Clemes, Head of Investor Relations of Eno Chile.
 Please proceed.
 Thank you, Victor.
 Buenos dias, good morning, and welcome.
 and I'll see you in the court
 2021 results presentation.
 Thanks to all for joining us today.
 I am Isabella Clemmie, the Head of Investor Relations.
 Let me remind you that our presentation and related financial information are available on our website, www.nl.cl, in the Investors section, and in our app, Investors.
 In the final of the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions via phone
 or share through the link
 ask a question. Joining me
 This morning, our CEO, Paulo Palotti, and our CFO, Giuseppe Tucciarini.
 In the following slides, Paolo will open the presentation with the main highlights of our strategy and operational performance of the quarter.
 Then, Giuseppe Walker will approve our financial results.
 A replay of the call will also be available.
 And as always, our IR team will be continually available to provide you with another detail that you need.
 Also, let me remind you that media participants are connected only in listener mood.
 Thank you all for your attention, and let me hand over to Paulo.
 Thank you Isabella
 Good morning and thanks for joining us.
 Let me start with the main highlights of the period of line number 3.
 First, let me comment about the unusual situation of the Chilean activity market.
 In terms of hydrology, the country is facing the driest calendar year of its history, and,
 As a consequence, the system has required, and is still requiring, an important support
 from thermal generation.
 at the same time
 by the end of 2020
 in the first month of 2021,
 she makes
 suffered a shock for
 or Argentinian natural gas.
 followed by the rise of the LNG stock price.
 Considering this lack of resources in the system, since the first month of 2021 we put
 in play some actions
 to improve gas availability, buying additional energy and car costs to supply our plants
 touristy.
 and then to save gas to the system.
 during the first period of 2021,
 we have been the largest importer of LNG guys in the country.
 At the same time, we launched a force to improve the performance of our hydrographs, to relate
 with minimum level conditions. Despite all the actions we put in place during 2021, the
 The external scenario has worsened, with the escalation of commodity prices and the very
 best prices.
 ideology, especially in July and the first half of August, leaving the authority to put
 in place that prevents Russian
 Decree.
 within due date, March 2022.
 Consequently, our margin remains affected.
 We begin this challenging scenario, investing in renewables to diversify our metrics to
 To reduce our exposure to the hydrogen commodity has been confirmed to be a priority.
 with reference to our 1.3 gigawatts of new projects under construction,
 The activities on sites are advancing and during the last quarter we also celebrated the start of the construction of the first green hydrogen pilot project in Chile and in Latin America, located in Mariana.
 Well, that's your mobility last week.
 and the next
 signed an agreement to bring to Chile the first mining electric truck.
 Additionally, today we have more than 10,000 wood heating system replaced with safer, efficient
 including the technology
 as part of our effort to support the contamination of the cities.
 We continue to develop our actions based on the ESG Excel standard, allowing us, for instance,
 to leverage our expansion through SDG Link Financial Institute.
 Now move on page 4, our capacity infrastructure.
 We continue to develop our strategy toward a cleaner generation matrix.
 Renewable energy is the catalyzer for the energy transition and an extension pillar for our
 positioning in the market.
 During the last 18 months, we went through some heavy winds associated with the COVID-19
 in pandemic.
 at the constraints in workers' displacement and closing of the border.
 and the bureaucracy of the slowness for archaeological permits, for instance.
 without including
 Today we have 1.3 gigawatts of project under construction, of which around 0.6 gigawatts
 have been already connected to the system by the end of September.
 But at the end of this year, we are maximizing our efforts to advance in the construction of the remaining project,
 expecting to reach at least 900 megawatts to be connected into the grid.
 additional 250 will be connected
 This is a big deal.
 by first quarter 2022, and the ramp-up to full production will be finalized by first
 ART 2022 for most of the projects.
 The construction of wind farm
 RENARICO-2 will be finalized during 2022, considering that the
 in the effort to move components of the wind facilities from the port to the sail location.
 With reference to our JD on Green Analytics with Amy and other partners, we have recently
 directed at the construction
 of this first, final project in China.
 and we expect it to be operational by second quarter 2022.
 We are fully convinced that, along with the renewable energy, green hydrogen will be essential
 and how to do this and how to design it.
 the energy transition and faster the carbonization process into the hard-to-date
 at the end of this.
 Now let's move to decarbonization of the final production.
 slide.
 NLX is expanding its effort to displace polluting energy sources
 and promotes the intensive use of electricity in the public and private sectors,
 accelerating an agenda that allows the electrification of industrial processes
 please
 and public transport, as well as the implementation of energy efficiency
 years.
 in private and public buildings.
 Along with this plan, a great complement is the action in public transport.
 The Chilean government, committed to reaching 100% electric public transport by 2040,
 Launched a fender to replace 1640 buses in early 2031.
 As NLX, we are participating in this process and have been awarded, together with our partners,
 with 991
 electric buses, reinforcing our leadership position in public mobility in Chile, with
 market share of 81%. In the field of
 sector fleet, together with the mining company SQM, we have presented the first 30-tons electric
 mining truck.
 We will incorporate the mining truck.
 The incorporation of six electric buses for transportation of the employees, and the next
 is also preventing the necessary charging infrastructures for the operations.
 This is an important step for the mining industry in Chile.
 where concrete process has been made in mitigating emissions at core of the mining operations.
 Regarding the decarbonization of homes and final consumer, we have achieved the milestone
 of replacing one and a tenth thousand wood stoves with an efficient electrical air conditioning
 the equipment in Chile.
 This initiative
 reduced
 CO2 emissions and improves the well-being of our city and communities, benefiting more
 than 40,000 people.
 Finally, in the face of efficient lighting in our cities,
 and expand and consolidate its presence in regions with the work of the maintenance service
 of the Public Lighting System in the municipality of Temuco, with more than 32,000 public lighting
 that allow us to reach 340,000 points of light, of which 50% correspond to projects
 carried out outside from Seattle.
 lighting our city efficiently and increasing the safety of the citizens.
 Now let's go to network.
 We're stupid.
 Energy distribution improvement reflects the recent easing of the sanitary conditions showing
 a path of recovery when comparing to the Pyrenees here.
 airports and the U.S.
 have allowed
 to increase the quality of our service,
 resulting lower anxiety by 16%.
 Our investment in digitalization continues to improve the contact channels with our clients.
 In this period, almost 90% of our contacts with our clients have been executed through
 be such a mess.
 Let's now move to the traffic service law.
 We need the extension.
 With its extension until 1st December 2021, the application of such a law is still affecting
 the level of overdue debt.
 of September, they will do that for each
 180 million dollars.
 In order to minimize diesel impact, we continue to promote payment agreements with the aim
 using the Overview Accounts.
 by September 2021, in more than one year,
 we have reached more than
 58,000
 payment agreements with our clients, on which 53% correspond to the basic service law.
 Moving to collection, the ongoing process for the update to sub-ISO of our billing system
 lead in the digital transformation process of our company, as temporary working our KPI
 That's just previous quarters.
 We expect a normalization of the collection rate during the next quarter.
 A quick update on regulation.
 On distribution, we expect that the consortium report on the reference model will be released
 during November.
 If this date is confirmed, the regulation final report could be issued early next year.
 Continuing the challenge of potential discrepancy to be
 text
 The final distribution tariff decrease is expected to be released during mid-2032.
 On transmission, we have answered in the expert panel phase.
 Point discrepancies are referring to the final reorder report on the transmission system
 for the period of 2020-2023,
 where they're already presented.
 As a result, we expect that the new VAT shall be published early 2022.
 And now, I will hand over to Giuseppe.
 Thanks, Paolo.
 Let me start with the summary of our financial highlights on slide 8.
 Before starting, let me explain the extraordinary effects of the period.
 2021 adjusted the bid-up, and net income considered the effect arising from the cold stock impairment associated to Bocamina 2 and the voluntary retirement program announced last quarter.
 The cold stocking permit and the voluntary retirement program had an aggregated effect of
 people.
 6 million dollar. M.
 se rimane milion dollar
 is inevitable
 and at the bottom line
 in community figures.
 In the third quarter of 2021, the co-stock impairment amounted to $11 million in EBITDA
 And eight million dollar in the group next income.
 For cumulative figures in 2020, the adjustment coming from the co-stock impairment is $22 million in EBITDA.
 And the net effect of the impairment of Burkina II is $659 million at the bottom line.
 All these things are described in the bottom of the slide.
 Now, on CAPEX,
 the plumbing
 on slide 9
 2021
 an accumulated capex-rich
 seven hundred thirty five
 million dollars.
 largely devoted to the construction of our new renewable capacity.
 customer topics
 totaled 49 million dollars
 mainly allocated to build new connections and to implement the new commercial system.
 Asset Management CapEx reached $86 billion, 21% higher than nine months 2020, mainly due to the maintenance of new high-voltage projects awarded in 2021 another digitalization project.
 development CAPEX
 to reach 60
 600
 million dollars
 Largely driven by our renewable expansion program and development of our distribution business to continue the digitalization of our network.
 Let's now start with the third Q, adjusted BIDA, breakdown on slide 10.
 that accounted
 93 million dollar
 71% lower versus 20-20 figures,
 mainly due to higher PPA sales in the 3rd June 2021 primary,
 explained by the new agreement
 started in 2021
 with mining companies
 as Anglo-American and BHP
 the adjustment due to the indexation, and the new contract coming from Enel Distribution Free Customer Portfolio at the beginning of the year.
 Hydrology, lack of Argentinian gas, and higher LNG international prices explain the main
 balances of this quarter.
 that demanded us to increase the volume of purchases at a higher price versus last year.
 Let me explain each element that are included in the slide.
 What part is this volume?
 represented a variation of almost $120 million,
 dollar, mainly explained by the lower
 hydro generation
 Spot purchasing cost represented an increase of around $90 million.
 variable production cost
 partially offset by the aging contracted for the year,
 represented a variance of around 100 million dollars.
 gas margin
 represented a positive variance
 of 6 million dollars
 in our realtor
 as an increase of our natural gas trading activity in the market.
 Following the chart, we have also, in the period, variances coming from.
 A recovery of the third Q-2021 demand in distribution business, mainly in the regulated customer due to the release of the lockdown measures in the step-by-step government plan.
 network
 for remuneration, mainly related to the provision, on lower remuneration, on distribution
 tariff, which should be retroactive to November 2020, and in the lower remuneration of transmission
 on time.
 and that is all
 of the Indexation of Detail.
 other effects
 accounted for $18,000,000.
 mainly related to a higher analysis done in the quarter, mainly due to the public likening by business,
 lower penalty and compensation costs in distribution business due to a
 better quality indicators, and the temporary effect during the 32-20 on reading services
 cost di tutte le logistiche
 restriction.
 Let's move now to slide 11, where we have the Summary of 9 Months Adjusted EBITDA Breakdown
 accounting for
 five hundred
 thirty
 6 million dollar.
 39%
 lower versus 20-20 figures.
 As you can see, the main effects are the same that we presented in the third queue.
 Higher GPA sales in the 9 months 2021 due to the new agreement already mentioned, which started in 2021.
 Highest spot purchases volume during the nine months with an effect of $160 million.
 dollars
 The increase in the spot price due to the drought and for the commodity availability
 and other higher commodity prices in the international market
 represented an impact of $151 million.
 The variable generation cost, mainly impacted by the third quarter result,
 offset by the commodity coverage of around $8 million, totaled $45 million in the period.
 We have already mentioned Gas oil-safe effect, with a positive impact in the BDAO of $17 million.
 the distribution business
 has had a recovery of the demand due to the flexibility of the lockdown,
 with an effect of 5 million dollars in debita.
 and negative 33 million dollar,
 network
 like
 one
 related to the expected lower distribution in tariff, lower distribution in transmission
 five
 and others accounted for $7 million, mainly due to the new contract agreement booked in the first Q 2021 with the NLD solution unions.
 Now, on slide 12, let's go through the main driver of our glocknet finger.
 DNA and bad death
 to reach $223 million.
 dollar.
 a variances of 42 million dollar
 mainly related to lower DNA in generazione
 due to the impairment made in Bocamina II in 2020,
 and lower DNA in EGPH due to depreciation of Cilenin pesos in the period.
 Net financial results totaled an expense of $165 million, an increase of $47 million
 of money.
 For more information, visit www.fema.gov.au
 Higher cost.
 million
 related to the fact in executing
 Intuition Business on Stabilization Mechanism Account,
 Tire Client Agreement
 leads you to the basic savings flow and higher financial expenses capitalized during 2021.
 in contact
 reflect
 the impact
 related to the lower EBITDA.
 higher financial expense
 and higher tax credits in the quarter due to the higher
 monetary correction
 of the period.
 Is that it done?
 the adjustment
 9 months.
 2021, you think, have reached $104 million.
 The adjusted first year 2021 registered losses of $13,000,000 mainly explained by the lower
 be down and out in the quarters for the reason
 mentioned in the previous slide, partially set by the lower income tax, mainly due to
 earning before taxed results
 and the monetary correction due to the
 higher inflation in the country versus last period.
 Moving on.
 Moving to the cash flow on slide 13.
 9 months, 2021, FSO
 reached 309 million dollars
 45% lower than previous year figures, mostly due to lower EBITDA, due to the redimensional
 hydrology and spot price effect
 fire in contact during nine months
 Queen Queen One,
 mainly
 related to COVID-19 measures during 2020
 that postpone
 part of the corporate tax streaming
 to 2021
 lower
 fiscal tax payment based during
 2020 and
 Gen and Bezos
 sharp depreciation
 in the end of 2020 that generated gains resulting in higher tax payment during this year.
 Entire financial expense.
 mainly explained by the cost of the factoring of the stabilization mechanism account.
 Ah, yeah.
 all these
 Effect the world.
 7
 I feel my
 the higher networking capital
 versus 2020
 ministering by the factoring
 in both generation and distribution business
 accounted for almost $300,000,000,
 Yeah.
 A transmission line sales in 2020 with a cash impact of $28 million in 2021, lower impact of stabilization.
 price mechanics in 2021
 find the best
 2020 due to depreciation
 which they don't pay us.
 partially offset
 by
 sales of e-buses during nine months in 2020,
 a temporary effect
 in collections
 in 2021
 mainly due to the implementation of a new commercial system.
 Let me now go to our depth on slide 14.
 Our gross debt increased by around $700 million basis December 2020, amounting to $4.7 billion
 as a result of new issuance in the period with Enel Finance International and third parties.
 the new insurance
 all SDG linked
 which consider
 as KPI, the CO2
 emission of our generation fleet by 2023 are
 are mainly related to the CAPEX plane execution.
 we now have 14% of our total gross debt as digitally linked.
 Our plan is to continue to pursue this kind of death line that is awarding our movement
 toward a cleaner matrix.
 In terms of depth amortization, our scale remains sustainable,
 with an average of six years, and with the cost
 substantially aligned with the last year to use.
 Finally, in terms of liquidity, our figures give us flexibility to face potential headwinds in the market.
 And now on page 15.
 Since the first quarter of this year, we have been anticipating our internal view of the hydrology for Chile.
 as we show in this slide
 the idol performance
 is pretty much
 correlating to the driest period we have faced for chia.
 and there is no perspective
 the start
 from the last year, she was.
 file to the scenario
 which demanded much higher national thermal generation levels
 the lack of Argentina and natural gas
 coped with the sharp increase of LNG in the brain crisis,
 expose ourselves
 to a non-competitive mix of generation and higher spot prices.
 Therefore, we have revised our numbers to express this update
 events of the scenario to reflect
 the evolution of some variables.
 The study drove us to predict
 2021 and just
 and the Billa Fiegos
 between $0.8 and $0.9 million,
 implying an evaluation of around $300 million versus our guidance reported in the last quarter.
 We don't see essential deviation on CAPEX, as the more significant part of our development CAPEX is being deployed in the following mode.
 In our view, the 2021 scenario adjustment is not a structural one.
 We strongly believe that our strategy of increasing renewable capacity
 will significantly reduce the exposure to commodity and hydro in the following year.
 Paolo, I will end over to you for closing remarks.
 Thank you, Giuseppe.
 Executing our investment plan will remain our priority and create to bring additional
 flexibility and
 to our current portfolio.
 Last month, the regulator presented the proposal to define a new framework for storage and
 remuneration in the electrical system.
 and associations admitted
 their
 feedback
 on the
 proposal
 and we are waiting for the final version of dysregulation, expected to be published in
 the next month.
 This is an important step I have for the improvement of the use of such technology,
 adding resilience and flexibility into the system.
 We will continue to support our clients and communities to accelerate the electrification
 of their energy use in order to reach the net-zero ambition.
 strategy will continue to be deployed under the highest ESG standards. For
 For example, we have been awarded in the Informer Report 2021 at the best company in terms
 of reporting and purpose
 and recognition in a
 PwC study as one of the companies with the best practice in corporate governance in Chile.
 Thank you for your attention.
 Now let's move into the Q&A session.
 That's a question at this time.
 please press star 1 on your telephone
 and to withdraw your question
 just press the pound key.
 Once again, that's star one for questions, one more for questions.
 Our first question will come from the line of Javier Suarez from Medio Blanca.
 you may begin
 Thank you.
 and thank you for the presentation
 and for taking my questions as well.
 I have three questions.
 the first one is on the obviously
 on the margin for the generation activity
 the sport
 that has been affected by hydro,
 And I guess that the company is a taker.
 and also by the lack of Argentinian gas and very high international gas prices.
 So I was wondering if you can give us an update on your gas supply,
 natural gas supply strategy
 and I'll look for the,
 for the next
 a couple of quarters because obviously
 that is going to be very relevant for your profitability in terms of higher conditions
 continues to be difficult
 so any guidance on
 managerial action to improve
 natural gas supply
 for the next quarter and maybe
 mitigate that negative impact
 to pick, file pool.
 Ben,
 Second question is on the TPI during the third quarter.
 There has been some deterioration on the collection.
 I think you mentioned that
 during the presentation, so you can kindly elaborate on the reason for that deterioration
 on the collection.
 and the third question
 on slide number 13, 12 and 13 on your factoring strategy, your factoring for the stabilization
 mechanism.
 if you can help us to understand how this is working and how that is accounted.
 Many thanks.
 Thank you, Javier, for your questions.
 and I will
 take the first two
 and the second one
 together with Gisette
 I will leave you separate for the third.
 regarding the gas strategy,
 just give you
 an update on the situation
 starting from
 end of September
 and say, very early October,
 the gas
 Argentina gas has been available for
 for the
 and market
 So we started to import two pipes.
 Argentina
 gas
 I think it's a very good thing.
 now, and
 just as an analysis
 Clearly, we don't have, let's say,
 certain
 100%.
 but I can mention
 that today
 the
 The flow at the beginning of October started with an amount of 2.5 million cubic meters
 gay
 and then
 now is increasing
 the beef, we have
 in Tulena, Mirala Treya,
 in the sector
 in the Chilean market
 that we have a firm contract
 with
 Argentina
 in contraparte
 and
 considering the current
 situation.
 And considering that during recent times the pressure on energy demand in Brazil is a little bit lower, demand from outside, so the importing from Argentina to Brazil,
 we see some
 more stability
 for the
 of the Argentiagas. It's hard to mention how it relates, but it is, let's say, a relief
 within this situation.
 and four additional elements
 during this period
 we are
 analyzing our negotiation
 with our
 counterpart
 in the
 energy gas
 contracted in order
 to define the availability of delivery for investors for the next years, starting from
 early 2022.
 this is important because
 we are working to cover
 all the periods
 for 2022, including the, let's say, the early months, where maybe the impact of growth is
 higher, and
 And usually, if you look at the standard here, we used to, let's say, burn all the Argentina
 Now we are doing, let's say,
 more
 a fully integrated approach on this availability.
 Easily we are looking also at other elements in terms of gas availability.
 The other element that I would like to mention is that the issuing of the Russian decree by the minister,
 and let's say
 some agreement that we are signed
 with
 with the
 a local community
 in our water basins.
 allow
 has also to keep the level of basin with a higher level, consider also the valability
 of the Argentinian gas, as I mentioned.
 So,
 the outlook in the next month, even if the contribution of
 Nelsinger or the snow.
 and the rain is
 very very limited
 give us
 let's say
 samples
 let's say,
 if they're in
 I would say, not a negative view for the next month.
 Clearly, everything is based on the next month's evolution, considering also that the commodity
 price still to be
 and remain high looking at the forward curve for the, let's say, end of the year, early
 2022.
 to it.
 And again, regarding collection, as we mentioned, I said to myself, we are in the process of
 upgrading our system. So, it is requiring the adequate time to migrate to
 million clients
 from one system to another
 and put everything in line and keep working properly.
 At regime, we will gain a lot in terms of speed and, let's say, precision, and so we
 can have, let's say, the capability of elaborating, issuing the bills in the quickest, more precise,
 more adequate,
 other way. For the time
 being and we are working for finalizing for finalizing this transition we
 We elaborated and issued the bill for the month of September, we are finalizing the
 month of October, so we need to be having some weeks of delay that we are covering during
 November and December.
 Regarding factoring, I would leave the answer to yourself.
 Yes.
 Well, let me say, first of all, that up to now, we sold $226 million of receivables coming from the price stabilization mechanism.
 And we have an agreement to sell up to around 350.
 so we have
 still
 part of the
 and create that there
 is going to be
 that are in the future
 according to the release of the decree
 because as they
 and we discussed this
 time we can sell
 the
 receivable
 only one
 once they
 the regulator will issue the decree in stating exactly how much credit each bank has in their portfolio.
 Even said that the
 impact that we have
 in the topi velozis,
 pretty high
 he goes there
 discount
 of the receivable are made assuming a case in of the receivable
 the last
 moment of
 2027
 it means that
 the
 time value of the money from 2027 till this year is pretty
 pretty important
 and easy reason
 because we have
 touch
 high level
 interest expense
 this year that we made
 there
 200
 in
 26 million dollar
 and all of them.
 and...
 Please deliver
 we have
 even he had
 and
 an agreement based on
 week
 if the
 that result will be
 So we had
 effect on that, you know,
 sharing
 but in general
 And this, there is only because we have such an important amount in this inter-existence.
 Interesting money, thanks.
 Thank you. Once again, that's star one for questions.
 Our next question on time for the night, Murilo Rissini from Suntender.
 Your line is open.
 Paolo, Giuseppe and Isabella
 Thanks for the call.
 I have some questions, and sorry if I repeat any that has already been answered.
 Could you comment on the production of your solar facilities?
 Are they producing accordingly to your estimates?
 And are you seeing some seasonal deviation in this regard?
 the second one is
 I'm having any
 deviation from
 CAPEX versus
 the
 expected guidance
 And could we see a lower-than-expected CAPEX execution since most of it was left by the end of this year?
 and the last one
 And just to confirm the previous question about natural gas,
 you were not able to
 to get more gas
 CPAs during the past year.
 Is that right?
 or a
 he's understood something here
 That's it from my side.
 Thanks so much.
 I am Uriyo.
 Thank you for your question.
 regarding the
 production of
 facility. Let me comment
 that if we see
 the expected
 generation car
 that we projected at the beginning of this year, at the beginning of 2021,
 leave the bridge
 remodulation.
 in relation due to the execution of the project that has been affected, especially in 2021,
 from events derived from the pandemic.
 So in some cases, we had to wait until the opening of the borders to have people on board
 and working on the on the sites and we manage this year and we manage it very
 all the problem regarding
 in the,
 delay in the
 permits from the archaeology.
 now we
 let's say almost
 at regime, even if
 really each side
 as it
 peculiarity
 So, what we are projecting is to have at least 900 MW already connected by the end of this year.
 the remaining
 considering 1.3 giga.
 The remaining 250 connected in the early month of 2022.
 and the
 remain plant
 the
 The only one in the south is still requiring some more time because of transferring of
 the key.
 school
 with that
 app
 what I would say
 you did that
 the
 The work on site is advancing, we started to operate some megalas that are already connected
 to the criticality with the limited amounts of the declaration, the full ramp-up will
 takes place in the first part of
 2022, we think
 as well to, let's say,
 to reach
 approximately
 they expect
 the level of capex that
 we have, let's say,
 forecast for DCF
 and we are
 also working for opening additional working areas for new projects.
 So the activities are advancing.
 We are very focused on these developments and we don't expect to have to lower the capex
 for this year and we are preparing the new CAPEX plan for the next, for the following
 years.
 regarding
 in Gaza.
 and the guiding gaps
 if you look
 backward, what happened this year, clearly, you have
 But also to consider that the plan for dispatching our gas contract is discussed and agreed with
 the contrapartes,
 let's say, inter-Tember.
 So, at that time, it was not possible to anticipate, let's say, the shortage of Argentinian gas.
 So, what happened to every player in the gas market, in Chile, in the energy market in Chile,
 is that there was a lack of resources in the early 2021.
 one.
 So we manage
 to anticipate
 delivery of
 a ship.
 We manage to buy
 on the spot
 in the
 the
 required amounts
 and
 There was the lack of gaps still remain in place because not all the players have been able to cover their gaps.
 Clearly, starting from the end of March-April, the delivery of shale gas was at the end of
 regime,
 that's continuing
 the month of July and August, especially the first 15 days of August, where the draft was
 very, very, no, very, very
 big
 so
 into the system
 is
 additional
 sheep, additional
 that has been about
 and to be the leader
 early September.
 So,
 And then we have, let's say, the situation backward.
 Looking forward, clearly we are managing to have a more
 Equilibrated Delivery
 over gas
 along in 2022.
 we need a negotiation
 negotiation with the
 ones apart
 and you have
 what you
 take into consideration
 and what
 the pressure on
 this sector at a global level.
 So it is an hard task that we are trying to cover because clearly our scope is to cover
 all the needs that we have in 2022.
 Thank you.
 Many thanks, Paula.
 And once again
 Let's start one for questions
 Star 1
 one moment for questions
 Thank you.
 And I'm not showing any further questions in the queue.
 I'd like to turn the call back over to Isabella for any closing remarks.
 Thank you all for your attention to be here with us today.
 As I anticipated, we received questions...
 sorry
 so we'll take
 further questions
 that we have
 already received, but if you have any
 questions, you have any questions?
 questions or any other comments please let us know just send us a message from
 on this IR team.
 Many thanks for your station, and stay safe.
 Bye-bye.
 thank you
 Bye-bye.
 Thank you. Bye-bye.
 and this
 That concludes our conference call for today.
 thank you for your participation
 You may now disconnect.
 Have a great day.