 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ESG Flight Plan event in Embraer's
 second quarter 2021 financial results.
 thank you for standing by
 I'm Felipe Calçada, and I'll be your host for today.
 At this time, all participants will watch our financial results presentation.
 Right after, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions to participate will be given at that time.
 If you should require any assistance during the event, you can do so using the chat box on the platform.
 As a reminder,
 this presentation is being recorded
 and webcasted at writer's platform.
 Before we begin, just a legal statement.
 This conference call includes forward-looking statements
 or statements about events or
 circumstances which have not occurred.
 Embraer has based his forward-looking statements
 largely on its current expectations
 and projections
 about future events
 and financial trends affecting
 the business and its future financial
 performance. This forward-looking
 statements are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 including among other things
 general economic, political, and business conditions in Brazil
 and in other markets where the company is present.
 The words believes, may, will, estimates, continues, anticipates, intends, expects,
 and similar words
 are intended to identify
 those forward-looking statements.
 and prayer undertakes
 no obligations to update publicly
 or revise any forward-looking statement
 because of new information, future events, or other factors.
 in light of these risks and uncertainties
 the forward-looking events
 and circumstances
 discussed on this conference call
 might not occur.
 And the company's actual results could differ substantially
 from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.
 participants on today's conference
 are Francisco Gomes Neto,
 President and CEO
 António Carlos Garcia, Chief Financial Officer and Procurement,
 and Eduardo Couto
 Director of Investor Relations.
 and now I would like to turn the conference over
 to Francisco Gomes Neto.
 Please, go ahead, Francisco.
 this is all right.
 Thank you.
 I appreciate it.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Felipe.
 good morning to all
 and thank you
 for joining our call today
 I hope that all of you are well and safe
 And thank you for your interest in our company.
 As you will see in Antonio's presentation, our results for the quarter were strong.
 The Q2 results are a clear example that our strategic planning has been well executed
 with the right
 focus and discipline,
 showing significant improvement in our financial performance.
 Before we go into more details regarding the Q2 results,
 I'd like to highlight the good momentum we are going in the different business segments.
 In commercial aviation, we announced a new firm order for third E-195 E-2 jets
 from the Canadian Porter Airlines, with purchase rights for 50 more aircraft.
 We also announced new firm orders for 34 E-175 jets to Horizon Air and SkyWest
 to be operated for Alaska Airlines and Delta Airlines.
 these are new orders
 and other active campaigns
 reiterate the
 continuous interest in the E-Jet family as the best option in the regional aviation market.
 In executive aviation, we keep up the momentum with the record sales in the quarter.
 We maintain it.
 price discipline strategy
 and had a strong backlog growth with book-to-bill in excess of 2 to 1 for this business.
 in defense and security
 we delivered
 seven Super Tucano aircraft
 in the first half of the year.
 Also, we had strong performance in our cybersecurity and systems integration companies.
 with double-digit revenue growth in the first half of this year.
 compared to the first half of last year.
 Further, in the second quarter, the KC 390 millennium reached an important
 milestone by successfully performing unpaved runaway tests.
 although we are currently
 in negotiations with the Brazilian
 Air Force on the
 the KC290 Millennium contract,
 we continue to be focused
 on the new export sales campaigns.
 for this
 aircraft as well as
 the Super Tucano
 In services and support, we are pleased with strong second quarter results,
 with better revenues and higher margins, as traffic recovery and strong maintenance activity drove 55% revenue growth in the second quarter.
 It is exciting to see the continued positive sales activity in services.
 with deals signed
 with several important customers across all markets and at Ogma.
 Driving.
 Backlog Expansion for this segment during the period.
 This was further highlighted by the contract we signed with Porter Airlines for a 20-year
 total support program
 With respect to innovation, we continue to make progress on partnerships
 in the urban air mobility ecosystem through our subsidiary EVE
 in a segment with a strong growth potential in the years to come.
 In addition, our services collaborate with the
 The cooperative platform Beacon signed agreements with key customers, such as Republic, for its maintenance applications.
 on the operations front
 we continue to see great improvements.
 We expect a 16% increase in inventory returns compared to 2020 and a 20% reduction in production cycle time of our aircraft this year, positively impacting working capital and production costs.
 I will now hand it over to Antonio Garcia, our CFO, to give further details on the financial results and I will return in the end.
 Thank you.
 You
 Thank you, Francisco, and good morning, everyone.
 I will start with our backlog for the quarter.
 On slide 7, the graph shows we ended the second quarter at 59 billion, up 1.7 billion, or 12% from the prior quarter.
 These represent a return
 to the same 15.9 billion
 we were at in 2020
 before the pandemic began.
 in our commercial aviation business
 we close
 48 aircraft
 sales in a quarter is spread
 across several different airlines.
 In executive
 aviation.
 We had
 the
 record second quarter sales.
 a solid backlog as demand for light and larger business jets continue to grow.
 Backlogging services and support and defense and security also grew from the prior quarter level.
 In summary, it was the best sales quarter since mid-2019.
 this gives us confidence
 in our plans for future revenue
 growth and improvements.
 Moving to slide 8, you can see the continuous improvement in aircraft deliveries compared
 last year
 and
 both
 Commercial Aviation and Executive Aviation
 In commercial aviation, we delivered 14 aircrafts in the quarter.
 This represents a 56% increase compared to the prior quarter
 and 250% increase compared to the second quarter in 2020.
 year-to-date deliveries
 we were at
 23
 almost two and a half times higher
 than the same period in the prior year.
 Of these 23 deliveries, 14 were E2s, compared to four E2s in the same period last year.
 CES continues to perform very well for D-2 as the most efficient right-sized single- aisle aircraft for the world post-pandemic.
 In executive aviation, we deliver 12 jets, light jets, and 8 larger jets for a total of 20 aircrafts in the second quarter.
 This represents
 54%
 increase compared
 to both
 first quarter
 2021 and the
 second quarter of the prior year.
 year-to-date delivered
 executive aviation delivered
 33 aircraft
 a 50%
 increase compared to the first
 half of 2020.
 as noted
 in the guideline
 the guidance 2021
 It will publish this morning.
 we expect
 Delivers of commercial jets to reach between 45 to 50 aircrafts and executive jets to reach between 90 to 95 aircrafts.
 What is light?
 nine, we show Embraer's net
 revenue. Embraer
 had the solid revenue growth
 in the quarter as all
 for business units.
 rebrand stronger from
 the pandemic
 Our top line more than doubled compared to the second quarter of last year.
 Growth came primarily from higher deliveries in commercial aviation, although all our segments showed much improved growth during the quarter.
 Year-to-date net revenue was just under $2 billion, as $767 million, or 65% increase over 2020.
 net revenue breakdown by business
 show Embraer diversification
 with commercial aviation representing 34% of the total revenues.
 service and support
 28. Executive Aviation
 22 and defense
 16%.
 It's important to highlight the strong recovery in commercial aviation as this business was severely impacted by the pandemic last year.
 Slide 10.
 as GNA expenses reduction continues to trend very favorably over the last six quarters.
 we remain highly focused
 and they said,
 DNA efficiencies that
 are being implemented
 since the company's restructuring last year.
 The second quarter had a slight increase in G&A.
 This was primarily driven by increase in provision for profit sharing and performance-based incentives program due to better expected results for the company in 2021 as compared to 2020.
 combined with the consolidation of
 expenses from tempest
 Our new cybersecurity company acquired in the end of 2020.
 sell expenses
 remains at historical low levels
 compared to the prior quarters
 sell expenses increased
 4% while
 net revenue increase over
 40% sequentially.
 as percentage of net revenue
 sell expenses was 4.2%
 in the second quarter compared to
 of 5.7% in the first quarter.
 We achieve these results by leveraging our sales activity as volume increase combined with more cost efficiency digital sales effort.
 It's like 11 shows are adjusted a bit and adjusted a bit today.
 We are very encouraged by the strong margin performance across all business segments in the second quarter.
 Our adjusted EBIT margin was 9.3%, up 13 percentage points over the first quarter.
 Our adjusted EBITDA margin was in double digits at 14% or up over 16 percentage points from the first quarter.
 Both of these profitability metrics have recovered to the levels not seen before 2020.
 for the first half of
 2081, our adjusted
 EBIT margin was 3.9%
 in the hour
 adjusted a bit to the margin was
 9.2%.
 Both well above prior years level.
 These improvements come from several factors, including higher deliveries resulting in higher revenue,
 better gross margin on improved pricing, mixed production efficiency,
 fixed-cost leverage on higher volumes, and favorable tax obligation reversal of this quarter of approximately $25 million.
 All of our segments have much better performance in the second quarter.
 Adjusted a bit margin by segment in the second quarter were as follows.
 commercial aviation
 was at
 1.7% negative
 which although negative
 shows a great improvement from last year.
 here.
 That's exactly what we have.
 Aviation was at positive
 8% with a
 strong price discipline and
 consistent profitability.
 Defense and security was at positive 25%, led by Super Tucano deliveries along with positive adjustments on certain defense contracts.
 and serves and supports
 was at 19%
 as a strong contribution
 from Spare Parts Programs.
 Slide 12 shows our adjusted net income.
 It was positive 44 million or 24 cents per ADS in the second quarter.
 This represents
 the first net profit
 on a quarterly basis since 2018.
 the recovering
 in a just net income
 is primarily driven by
 Improved operating margins, reductions in financial leverage also contribute to improved profitability and any future debt reduction would naturally have an additional positive impact on earnings.
 Moving to slide 13, I'd like to begin with free cash flow.
 free crash flow
 In the second quarter, it was positive $45 million.
 272 million higher than first quarter.
 and 570 million higher
 than the same period of last year.
 This is a remarkable achievement.
 Although, here to date, the cash flow is negative 181 million, this is compared with a free cash flow burden of around a billion of the first half of 2020.
 We expect positive free cash flow from the second half of the year, of the 2021, as indicated in the this morning guidance.
 Now to investments.
 our total investment
 were 50 million in the second quarter
 and 89 million
 year to date
 both of which are in line with last year levels.
 This is important because it shows we continue to invest in our future.
 we have been very judicial
 in balance
 they needed to invest
 or future with the need to preserve cash.
 is like
 14 shows our cash and liquidity position.
 We ended the quarter with 2.49 billion cash and cash equivalents.
 A slight increase from the end of the first quarter.
 Our debt balance was at $4.3 billion, a slight decrease from three months ago.
 Our average debt maturity remains at four years.
 we expect to continue
 to generate cash in the second half of
 2021, and beyond so
 our leverage
 will naturally decrease.
 This will correspondingly
 reduce our net interest
 and expenses
 and have an additional
 a positive impact on net income.
 Finally, move it to slide 60.
 Embraer has published
 2021 Financial Delivers
 guidance for the first time
 since the start of the pandemic.
 despite risks
 of the economy
 recovery
 vaccination rates around the world
 And with a solid first half and good visibility for the remain of the year,
 we decided to share the market, our targets for 2021.
 we expect to deliver between
 54 to 50
 Air commercial jets, just to correct,
 44
 45 to 50 commercial
 aircrafts in 2021
 and 90 to 95.
 executive Jets in the year.
 We have a good confidence in those figures as our skyline, our red fillet, for both segments.
 combined with the growth
 in defense and security
 and continued
 the recovery and the service and support
 stress recover globally
 we expect
 consolidated revenues
 to be between $4 to $4.5 billion this year.
 representing a low double-divided growth
 at the midpoint compared to the last year.
 Adjusted EBIT margin should be in the range of 3% to 4%.
 and adjusted EBITDA for 2021 should be between 8.5% to 9.5%.
 Embraer has had in the first half of
 2020,
 margin in these
 ranges as we expect
 these good margins to repeat in the second half
 of the year.
 to mention that those margins
 includes
 costs related to the integration of commercial aviation
 as well as expenses related to the arbitration process.
 Finally, our free cash flow guidance is arranged from free cash flow usage of $150 million to a break-even for 2021.
 we had 181 million
 of free cash flow usage
 in the first half of the year.
 So we are anticipating MBR to generate up to 180 million cash in the second half of 2021 without any cash inflows from M&A products.
 with that
 I conclude my presentation
 and hand it back over to Francisco
 for his final remarks.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 The second quarter results and the guidance for the year reinforce our confidence in our strategy.
 and this confidence
 motivates us
 to accelerate the performance improvements
 and the delivery
 of our long-term
 strategic plan
 with focus and discipline.
 As I have mentioned in the past, this year is one of recovery.
 And next year and beyond, we plan to capture Embraer's full potential to grow with profitability.
 Looking ahead, we foresee, in the middle term, the potential to double the size of the company.
 And that doesn't include new strategic projects.
 We are going to be bigger and stronger, focusing not only on the top line, but also much higher profitability.
 We are already showing some positive results of the
 hard work our
 united and
 motivated teams
 of employees have
 done over the past
 several months
 with expectation for positive operating profit this year
 and much better free cash flow performance
 with a clear potential
 to break-even for the year.
 this will be
 supplemented by partnerships and new programs to do
 drive even higher growth opportunities.
 this.
 We are also advancing on our ESG journey.
 and right after
 the Q&A session, we will
 share with you our new
 ESG Commitments
 I invite everyone, therefore, to remain online for these ESG events,
 which will start just after the results Q&A.
 Also, we are looking forward to a new chapter of Embraer with our Extraordinary Sharehold Meeting scheduled for next Monday.
 We expect our shareholders to approve the election of two international board members.
 with extensive global aerospace industry experience
 following constructive feedback from analysts and shareholders to improve our corporate governance.
 These candidates have deep technical knowledge, strategic profiles, and an innovative thought process.
 finally
 I will close it today
 by thanking everyone
 the one for the strong quarter.
 starts with our people
 in their focus and passion
 on executing our strategic planning.
 As I mentioned to you in the last earnings call, we are a different company today.
 We are in a process of transformation, and we are moving fast.
 Thank you for your interest and confidence in our company.
 Over to you, Filippi.
 Thank you very much, Francisco.
 And before we continue, we'd like to show you a video.
 The world is a different place to a year ago.
 Industries have changed. Aviation perhaps more than any other. Embraer has changed, too.
 We're leaner, more agile, and fit for growth.
 We're already on a path that will make us bigger and stronger.
 and with an all-new product portfolio
 that are the most efficient and technologically advanced in their class.
 All built with the passion to improve sustainability, economics, cost efficiencies, and driving new innovations.
 We're better adapted to the challenges and opportunities of now.
 Like our customers, we're always looking above and beyond what was previously thought possible.
 That's why the world looks to Embraer.
 We're right for the world ahead.
 Right now.
 Embraer.
 Challenge.
 Create.
 Outperform.
 And now let's move on to our questions and answer session.
 We are preparing the set here.
 And remember that questions can only be sent through the Reuters platform.
 Eduardo Couto will be our moderator, and he already has some questions with him.
 Eduardo, over to you.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Felipe.
 We'll restart now the Q&A.
 So let me see the questions that we have.
 The first question we have is, can you give an update on the SPAC negotiations with Yves?
 I don't know Francisco or Antonio who wants to take that.
 Yes, thank you, Edu. Thanks for the question.
 I mean at this point of time
 we can say that the negotiation
 is moving very well, I would say.
 We are very optimistic with this process.
 Okay.
 moving on the questions
 second question we have
 What work has Embraer been doing to develop electric aircraft
 in making this product more viable for customers?
 Thank you.
 was a good question.
 Well, we had our first technical flight recently with the Ipanema Full Electric,
 and we hope to present
 this aircraft
 to the public soon
 and they continue it
 to invest in this
 electrification field
 Thank you.
 of the one of the
 innovations
 that we have
 I mean
 to be in line with the ESG
 activities that we are moving
 fast in Embraer.
 Great.
 The third question we have from investors is from Vitor Mitsuzaki from Bradesco.
 He said the fans showed a material gross margin expansion in the second quarter.
 Can you give her more details about that, Antonio?
 Victor, thanks for the question
 we had
 in the second quarter
 two main effects
 on the defense side.
 First one was the supertokane delivery
 that we were not able to deliver in Q1
 that flows to the Q2 figures
 In addition to it, we have the adjustment and the defense contract we have in the local couriers in Brazil.
 I would say both effects, higher delivery than Super Tucano and the adjustment in the contracts
 lead us to this
 25% margin in Q2.
 Okay, very good.
 Next question comes from UBS.
 could you comment on the
 25 million reversal
 mentioned in the press release.
 Also, what was the positive cost-based revision related on the results?
 So, thanks for the question.
 first point
 We built up a provision in 2018 for the Brazilian guys here, Deseneração de Folha,
 that we have a claim
 being discussed since
 2018 and
 We were able to gain this claim in second quarter.
 That's why we reversed this tax position.
 that was also already adjusted
 In 2018, that's why we're also considering our results.
 And the second question was in regards to the contracts.
 We have an adjustment here around $10 million in the second quarter.
 That were both effects.
 It's important also to mention that
 Even that we have this tax reversal, 25 million, let's put first quarter and second quarter.
 We do have other types of costs that we are not adjusting.
 that's also not
 I would say, for example, reintegration of
 commercial aviation and arbitration costs, which is more or less net
 This 25 million, I would say.
 the numbers we are seeing right now
 So I would say combined Q1 and Q2 is really, for me,
 describe the real
 performance of the company.
 We have several questions about Yves.
 I will try to summarize them
 So basically, any general updates on your eVTOL initiatives would be very helpful,
 particularly on negotiations
 with Zenite.
 We already talked a little bit, but maybe an update of the Vital, Francisco or Antonio.
 Yeah, well, as I said, we are very excited with this initiative, with this product.
 I mean, we had the first flight with a prototype scale 1 to 3, a successful test, by the way.
 Now we are preparing the next test with the prototype scale one-to-one.
 And technically, it's moving very well.
 We are planning the certification by 2025 and entering service in 2026.
 And about the negotiation with Zanaita, I mentioned already, that's moving very well.
 Okay, very good.
 Now moving to business jets, we have a question from Credit Suisse.
 business jet has been
 very strong, and on the
 first quarter results you mentioned half
 of the delivers were for first-time buyers in the second quarter how much were first-time buyers
 maybe we can give an overview of the business jet market.
 I can do it.
 I would say.
 today in our backlog
 The portion of first-time buyers, I would say, is a third, something like 30% in your backlog and deliveries for the whole year.
 We are talking about 30% first-time buyers, and we are going with the market.
 if you see the industry
 book to build between
 one to five to two to one
 one to five to one and two
 to one to two
 And we are, I would say, a little bit above that.
 And it's doing pretty well, but for sure the first buy is pushing also the marketing special
 in the light jets category.
 Now there is a question on commercial from Credit Suisse.
 your guidance for commercial
 the levers of 45 to
 50 seems low given
 you have already delivered
 23 jets
 are there any
 supply chain issues
 that could prevent you from being above that range.
 also they are asking
 what do you see in terms of
 delivers for 2022.
 Any caller on that?
 Say, let's take into account that commercial viation is still suffering for the pandemic.
 what we are
 giving as the guidance to deliver this year is a little bit higher than last year.
 Last video, we deliver 44.
 And for sure, we are selling more, but it's going to impact more 2022.
 and the fact that
 we deliver at the 23
 is because it's well divided throughout the year.
 year. That's why
 the 47th
 I would say, between
 45 to 50
 is the number we are having
 and we do see, I would say,
 around 30% for next year
 between 65 to 70 aircraft, which has to be confirmed,
 but it's more or less the number you're seeing
 it's important to mention
 we do see
 commercial aviation coming back
 to historical levels at Embraer,
 From 2023 onwards, we are selling more, but the sales contract we are closing right now
 is going to fulfill the skyline
 starting 2022
 and 2021 is more or less
 the same level from 2020.
 20.
 If I allow me, Antoine, I'd like to make a link between this answer and the result of the company.
 it is true that in this first
 in half of the year comparing
 to the first half of last year
 We did much better in terms of deliveries, in terms of results.
 the numbers speak by themselves
 But if you look at the
 guides for the entire year
 You see that, no, as planet, we won't see a huge increase in volumes in the commercial or executive.
 yes we are seeing some growth
 moderate growth this year
 compared to the last year
 But the improvements in their results,
 I mean either
 the EBIT coming from almost
 minus 3% last year
 to something between 3% and 4% this year.
 or the free cash flow
 from miners 900 million last year
 to something between minus 1.50 and 0 this year,
 All this good performance is coming from
 Efficiency gains, pure efficiency gains
 We really need a good right size in the organization.
 We are improving, I mean, a lot of activities on cost reduction, on inventory reduction in all the company, you know, I mean, pushing sales for the future.
 So, again, I mean, from next year on, I mean, we expect that with a stronger growth in the volumes,
 in all the business units
 and with this more efficient
 and agile company, then you see
 a much better performance.
 So that's why our result is coming from this year, from efficiency gains,
 from some additional sales, of course,
 but mainly from efficiency gains.
 just to complete
 in the question for supplier
 change, you know, what we are
 put in the guidance in what we agreed with our customers for this year,
 at least for the commercial vehicle having not seen any supplier chain, I would say, problems this year.
 We have several other questions.
 So the next one is related to margins and free cash flow.
 so the question is
 how do we see margins per business
 in the long term
 and what sort of free cash flow conversion
 EBITDA into free cash flow conversion
 does Embraer expect.
 so in regards to margin
 we do see
 So that's in a long-term perspective.
 We do see services supported double-digit as it is today.
 we do see
 executive in the sense
 single higher digit
 Here we are more or less also today.
 And we see the commercial aviation, I would say, mid-single digit, close between 3% to 5% in the long term.
 that's what we see
 in regards to profitability for the company
 and in regards to the
 conversion from EBITDA
 to EBITDA
 I would prefer to talk
 we are seeing today
 a 50% conversion
 from EBIT to cash flow.
 We still need to improve something, but it's more or less the metrics I'm using internally.
 we do see today in the long run
 50% of their BIT
 being converted into cash
 for the years to come.
 So the next question is from J.P. Morgan, Marcelo Mota.
 Any update on the sales campaigns for commercial aviation?
 Could we see more orders during the second quarter?
 good question
 Yes, we have a lot of active sales campaigns ongoing in our commercial aviation.
 We just announced this sales for SkyWest with 16 aircraft.
 And, yes, we have more to come.
 By the way, the SkyWest, it's not part of the backlog in Q2.
 We are going to book these 70 aircrafts in Q3.
 17 aircraft, correct
 Thank you, Antonio
 There is a question here from Lucas
 from Santander
 There talking about, you know, inflation.
 can you please comment on how the company is seeing the raw material inflation
 and how is the company
 offsetting these impacts.
 I would say we do see in our final products, inflation, I would say,
 All index we have with our suppliers between 2% to 3% for next year.
 and to the customer side
 We have also the readjustment clause with the index, I would say.
 our
 takeaway for next year
 is a balance between
 what to have internally inflation
 and they pass through to the customer base.
 that's more or less what you are seeing
 but there is in some indicators
 spike in deflation
 index for next year
 that we are going to discuss with our customer base.
 moreover, we do have
 we did this year and we are doing this year
 and we do have also a lot of design-to-value activities inside the Embraer
 to reduce the base of the costs we have today
 without any impact on any inflation or indicators.
 Very good.
 So now moving to new projects, there is a question from Rio Verde Investimentos.
 Any update on the partnerships for the Turboprop aircraft?
 aircraft?
 That was a good question.
 This front is also moving very well,
 especially with the moves
 with the recent interest
 of U.S. airlines in that product.
 So we see that product as a good alternative for that market and other markets as well.
 and also as a preparation for new technology in the future.
 So we are very optimistic and working hard to accelerate this partnership front.
 Okay, I think we have at least one final question.
 It's back to commercial aviation.
 what do you expect
 It's from WTS.
 What do you expect in the mid- to long-term in commercial aviation
 as we are seeing recovering demand for flights
 and also renewal for having more sustainable fleets.
 I have a request.
 Thank you.
 again we have uh no i mean globally 94 percent of the
 Embraer fleet back
 in the skies, in the US
 I mean,
 97% of the
 the Embraer Fleet is flying again.
 So it shows that the recovery in the domestic market really is coming,
 And that's why we are working in a lot of sales campaigns in that segment for E1s and E2s as well.
 So we are working hard to take advantage of this moment.
 as Antonio mentioned
 that we see volumes growing
 I mean, 2020, but strongly from 2022, but strongly from 2023 onwards.
 I think a final question
 it's related to
 defense. Can you please comment
 on the expectations for new KC390 orders.
 well it's
 as I said
 in the opening
 we are working in the
 in many
 in many sales campaigns
 for import sales campaigns
 for the kc39th and also i mean we are working in the to develop partnerships that will help us to
 open new markets
 for that great aircraft.
 I think that's what we had on the Q&A.
 so I think
 that concludes the Q&A
 I want to thank you all for the questions
 in the time
 So now, Antonio Francisco, no comments?
 Thank you all.
 Thanks a lot.
 So thanks for your interest in supporting our company.
 we are living in a really special moment
 As I said before, this year is the year of recovery, the year of turnaround and of embryo hair.
 And the numbers, as I said before, speak by themselves.
 We expect to have a much better year in 2021 compared to the last year,
 coming from a very tough crisis, as you know,
 And we hope to, you know, we expect to capture the new Embraer potential to grow from 2022 onward.
 So thank you very much for your support.
 thank you
 So this concludes today's Q&A session.
 that in turn concludes
 emperors second quarter
 2021 financial results
 presentation. Thank you very much
 for your participation.